
division previously mentioned reach me to-night and to-morrow as I anticipate, I shall order General Churchill to join me in the morning and move at once on Natchitoches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Mansfield, April 3, 1864

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival here from Pleasant Hill, which latter point I left about midday. I found it impossible to forage the command at Pleasant Hill, there being no corn nearer than 20 miles. Blair's Landing was practically much farther, owing to the crossing of Bayou Pierre, a stream nearly as wide and deep as the main Red River.

On the evening of the 1st instant, fearing the enemy might attack the troops arriving from Texas via Sabinetown, as his advance had reached a point 17 miles this side of Natchitoches, I dispatched an officer with escort to order Colonel Debray, known to be near Many with his regiment and two batteries, to push on before day and join me without delay. All other troops were ordered to cross the Sabine at Logansport and join me at Mansfield. Colonel Debray received the order at 2 a.m., but for some reason did not leave Many until 6 p.m. His instructions were to join Colonel Bagby on the Natchitoches road by a cross-road some 12 miles from Pleasant Hill, sending forward directly to the latter place his wagons and the two batteries. While marching on this cross-road, at about 2 p.m. on the 2nd instant, he suddenly encountered the enemy in superior force. Like a gallant veteran he made fight at once, returned to the direct road, and fell back until he met my infantry, coming in in fine order and protecting his two batteries and trains,although pursued until he joined me. Colonel Debray lost several killed and wounded. Considering the suddenness of the attack, and the fact that his regiment had never before been in action, this officer, as well as his troops, deserves great credit. At the same hour Colonel Bagby, commanding his own, McNeill's, and some companies of Bush's newly raised regiment, with a section of the Valverde Battery, was attacked on the Natchitoches road by cavalry, infantry, and artillery, He fell back slowly toward Pleasant Hill, skirmishing briskly. I pushed forward supports some 4 1/2 miles to meet him, but the enemy desisted a little before sundown and did not quite reach my position. Colonel Bagby lost some 25 or 30 killed and wounded, and inflicted probably more loss on the enemy. His conduct was, always, that of a brave and skillful soldier. This morning I offered battle to the enemy until 10 o'clock, which he declined accepting. My trains being then well on the way to this point, I slowly withdrew my infantry without molestation, leaving Debray and Bagby with the Valverde Battery at Pleasant Hill. My impression is the enemy pushed a column last night toward Many and Sabinetown, expecting to meet my re-enforcements on the road. Generals Bee and Major received my dispatch in time and turned everything to Logansport, which they will reach to-morrow, drawing back Buchel's and two of

