
be taken upon which the fate of the department must rest. You have always cheerfully given me your support, and I feel that I can with confidence call upon you for your views and opinions before taking a step which is alike pregnant with weal or woe for us individually as well as for the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Mansfield, April 4, 1864

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of dispatch of 3rd instant (Numbers 2534). Steele's advance has been long expected by me (refer to several dispatches on the subject), and his movements have been connected with those of the column in my front; hence my extreme anxiety to fight the latter before it gained too much territory. Like the man who has admitted the robber into his bed-chamber instead of resisting him at the door, our defense will be embarrassed by the cries of wives and children. Action, prompt, vigorous action, is required. While we are deliberating the enemy is marching. King James lost three kingdoms for a mass. We may lose three States without a battle. Banks is cold, timid, easily foiled. He depends principally on the river for transportation. The rapid fall in the river and he sinking of the Falls City may well be expected to delay him. Captain McCloskey has been ordered to sink the Falls City as low down as possible. Banks has a number of very light stern-wheel transports, plated to be musket-proof. These are evidently to bring up supplies after the advance by land has opened the river. Steele is bold, ardent, vigorous. Independent of rivers, his transportation has doubtless been made ample for his purposes. If he has anything like the force represented he will sweep Price from his path. He is the most dangerous and should be met and overthrown at once. Having but little knowledge of the roads and lines of supply above Shreveport, I am unable to express any definite opinion as to the point where Steele should be met . The shortest line is, however, the best. I shall await orders here and prepare for an immediate move. A large portion of the cavalry from Texas will doubtless reach me in the next forty-eight hours via Logansport. All quiet in front and likely to remain so for some hours.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, near Mansfield, April 4, 1864.

Brigadier General, W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch * of this date from General Liddell would appear to indicate an effort on the enemy's part to advance

---------------

*See inclosure to letter of Taylor to Boggs, of April 5, p. 523.

---------------

