
transports at and above Grand Ecore, not including the point mentioned. Colonel Ward reports three regiments of cavalry covering the boats on this bank of the river. The advance of the cavalry skirmished with the advance of Colonel McNeill's command below the town of Campti:

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain Airey reports having seen the transports crowded with troops and supplies.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, April 5, 1864-11 p.m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the latest dispatch received from General Liddell, which will give you the best information from the east side of the river. Captain McCloskey reports the Falls City ready for sinking this afternoon. She will be sunk if General Liddell or the officer in command on this side the river give further information of the enemy's advance. I am awaiting your reply to my dispatches of yesterday touching future movements. I have the honor to report the following in regard to the troops from Texas: Green's old brigade, Colonel Bagby commanding, about 1,100 strong, some 200 not armed, is here; also Major's brigade, 730 strong; Debray's and Buchel's regiments, about 500 each; Terrell's regiment, 360 men for duty, will be here in the morning. General Bee has arrived here in person, but knows nothing of the where-abouts of his brigade, with the exception of Terrell's regiment. Woods', Gould's, and Likens' regiments have not been heard from since the reception of a dispatch from the major of Likens' regiment, dated March 31, stating that his regiment had not left Hempstead, Tex I have directed General Green to order General Bee to return to Logansport to-morrow to ascertain where the above-named three regiments are and hurry them on.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Springville, April 5, 1864-10.20 a.m.

Captain A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 7 p.m. yesterday. I wrote last evening, to Major Surget briefly stating what had transpired at that date with my command and the locality of the enemy's gun-boats and transports. Up to the present moment I have received no further information from the front, except that no further advance had been made by the enemy beyond Campti. They seem to have had great difficulty in

