
ascending the river to that point and I am under the impression that the low and still falling condition of the river will shortly render further progress in that way impossible. In obedience to your orders I will throw sharpshooters at every available position on the river, and I had already anticipated your order to send cavalry on the river below the enemy by directing Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson to operate against the enemy's boats in the manner proposed. I have not heard from him since, nor do I know how far down he has gone. I beg you would send me a map of the scene of operations as far up as Shreveport as may want of correct knowledge of localities and roads and streams delays my movements and the guides I find are limited in their knowledge to their own neighborhood only. I shall remain here until driven away by superior numbers, and will comply with your orders to keep up communication with district headquarters.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, April 5, 1864

Brigadier General W. B. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I respectfully ask to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to the artillery organization of my command, composed (on March 1) of twelve field batteries, numbering sixty pieces, and request that such promotions of meritorious officers of my command be made to fill the positions authorized by law to the above-mentioned number of guns, namely, a colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and one other major, to fill the position of chief of artillery for Green's division. I had the honor some time since to invite the attention of department headquarters to this matter, and as I only claim such grades as are common in all other armies, I respectfully ask to know if recommendations I may make of officers who have won promotion on the field and in the faithful discharge of their duties will be favorably considered. Since March 1 several other batteries are on duty with the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., April; 5, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two dispatches of 4th instant. At the last intelligence General Steele had not forced the passage of the Little Missouri. The distance between his column and that of Banks' is over 200 miles. It is far too great for us to concentrate on either column. Steele has, moreover, two lines of march after reaching Washington, upon one of which he must be committed before we can operate against him. The whole fate of this department will be staked upon the issue when we meet

