
the enemy. The battle must be decisive, whether with Steele or Banks. Our position is a good one. We occupy the interior line, and a concentration is being forced which otherwise could never have happened. While we retain our little army undefeated we have hopes. We occupy a largely superior force of the enemy, which east of the Mississippi would decide the fate of the campaign. When we fight it must be for victory. Defeat not only loses the department, but releases the armies employed against us here for operations beyond the Mississippi. The advantage of our position should not be given up by any movement which may jeopardize the loss of the command. I will leave here to-night and meet you early to-morrow morning at your headquarters near Mansfield, where I can confer with you clearly and unreservedly. Direct a courier to meet me and show me your headquarters. I go by Kingston, and should reach you by daylight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, April 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy have driven in my pickets and advanced some 7 miles, with considerable skirmishing, this side of Pleasant Hill. The force displayed thus far is about 4,000 men (cavalry and mounted infantry). This may be merely a reconnaissance in large force for the forerunner of a positive advance on the part of the enemy with his whole force. I respectfully ask to know if it accords with the views of the lieutenant-general commanding that I should hazard a general engagement at this point, and request an immediate answer, that I may receive it before daylight to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT, OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, near Mansfield, April 8, 1864-9.40 a.m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The cavalry forces under General Green had a very severe skirmish with the enemy yesterday afternoon, inflicting on him more loss than was sustained by our own troops. He did not fall back last night, and General Green reports him advancing this morning. Mouton's division has been ordered to the front, and Walker's and Churchill's will be brought forward. I am not aware whether the enemy's whole force is in my front; if so, and he means to move on Shreveport, I consider this as favorable a point to engage him at as any other.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR

Major-General.

