
[Numbers 2595.] HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 8, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: A general engagement now could not be given with our full force. Re-enforcements are moving up-not very large, it is true. If we fall back without a battle you will be thrown out of the best country for supplies. I would compel the enemy to develop his intentions, selecting a position in rear where we can give him battle before he can march on and occupy Shreveport. I will order down now all the armed cavalry from near Marshall and forward Pratt's battery from this point with every available man before a battle is fought. Let me know as soon as you are convinced that a general advance is being made and I will come to the front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,April 9, 1864-7.20 a.m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy are in full retreat. His forces are composed of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps. The Nineteenth was smartly engaged last evening.

General Banks was in command in person, and this morning came very near being captured. I am pursuing the enemy with cavalry, followed up by infantry. General Churchill's division in advance of the infantry. If the wind holds and circumstances will admit, I will follow the enemy to Natchitoches.

Very respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Two Miles above Pleasant Hill, [April 9, 1864]-10.40 a.m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the cavalry has pursued the enemy to this point, capturing many prisoners of the Nineteenth Army Corps and some few of the Thirteenth. He has retreated rapidly, commencing the movement a short time after midnight. The burning wagons, abandoned arms, knapsacks, and other property along the road furnish ample evidence of the haste with which he is endeavoring to get away. He is now making something of a stand here for the purpose of gaining time and possibly to cover the Blair's Ferry road. I ordered a cavalry force on that road last night for the purpose of ascertaining whether there was any movement from the river. My information from Grand Bayou is to the effect that ten gun-boats and a number of transports were passing Grappe's Bluff slowly at 3.30 p.m. yesterday, crowded with troops. I shall

