
do my best to force the enemy to retreat by the Natchitoches road around the head of Spanish Lake, which road is a desert for many miles. My infantry is much jaded and not yet up. Churchill's troops marched over 20 miles yesterday and have done about the same to-day, starting at 10 p.m.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLORM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, April 11, 1864

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The large amount of artillery now under my command necessitates its organization into regiments or battalions, in accordance with the law governing that branch of the service. I have therefore the honor to recommend the following officers for promotion; Major J. L. Brent, chief of artillery and ordnance District of West Louisiana, to be appointed colonel of artillery; Major T. B. French, chief of artillery Walker's division, to be appointed lieutenant-colonel of artillery; Captain T. A. Faries, commanding Pelican Battery, to be appointed major of artillery. There will be one or more officers from the Texas batteries recommended for promotion to the rank of major.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 11, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you the dispatches from the river below. The general commanding directs me to say he does not understand which side of the river they are landing. Pickets have been posted on both sides of the river to give information, of which you shall be kept advised. The ferry at Red Bluff, Bayou Pierre, is an important strategic point, which must be looked to. This place has been entirely denuded of troops. I can only arm about 200 men. Its protection and defense is of paramount importance, and you must make dispositions of your troops accordingly. All the workshops and foundries being here makes in highly valuable and renders its safety essential. The officer sent down on this side of the river to reconnoiter has been instructed to destroy every facility and means of crossing at Jones' Bayou, should the enemy be advancing on that road. Colonel Luckett's regiment has been order to be diverted to this point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

34 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

