HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE WEST LOUISIANA,Near Mansfield, April 11, 1864

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the enemy at last accounts at Bayou Rubis, 18 miles below Pleasant Hill, on the Natchitoches road. About 40 of his cavalry succeeded in passing up the river yesterday above Grand Bayou, doubtless for the purpose of warning the boats back. General Bagby, with his command and artillery, is on the river ready to receive him. General Liddell is in position above Campti. I am in great want of a pontoon, and respectfully ask that one be sent me in charge of an officer who understands the management of it. I also request that some arrangement be made to receive the prisoners at Marshall, Tex., in order that my escorts of cavalry may return immediately to their commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Mansfield, April 11, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier General W.. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that information has just been received from Brigadier-General Bagby that twenty-two boats passed Grand Bayou at 10 a.m. to-day, going down the river. As I informed you to-day, General Liddell is in position about Campti, and I hope to hear a favorable report from him to-morrow. Should the boats pass General Liddell at Campti, he has been directed to push down to Saint Maurice with cavalry and artillery, and strain every nerve to capture or destroy them. He has been directed, further, to follow the boats down the river as long as they are on it. I have been making every effort to get cavalry and artillery in on this side of the river below the boats to cut them off, and nothing but the forage question will prevent my doing it. Please send down and have the Falls City blown out of the river, and send forage and supplies down on boats to meet my pickets on the river. Let me know the news from Arkansas. Steele will no doubt commence retreating as soon as he hears the news from this quarter. If he is retreating endeavor to send me a pontoon and let me push my whole force south as rapidly as possible, to follow and prevent the escape of the enemy. I will strike for New Orleans, or, at least, Algiers. Vincent, with his own and Bush's regiments, has been ordered to push for the lower Boeuf and sweep the country to Berwick Bay. His men know the country and going there with the prestige of success, their numbers will treble in three days after reaching Opelousas. Orders have also been given to shoot every jayhawker in the country without benefit of clergy. Should the remnant of Banks' army escape me I shall deserve to wear a fool's cap for a helmet. Every hour proves the terrific losses sustained by the foe.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

