
from the river below. A thousand stand of arms, if they can be spared from the captured property, should be sent immediately to General Price.

Your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Prairie D' Ane, April 11, 1864-7 a.m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: The enemy advanced in force yesterday p.m., and there was severe skirmishing and heavy cannonading until near 11 o'clock. They are now about 3 miles distant, advancing slowly and cautiously in line of battle. I shall make them develop and retire with Marmaduke's division toward Spring Hill. Fagan, with his division, will fall back toward Washington. If the enemy take the Washington road Marmaduke will be in his rear. If he take the Spring Hill road, Fagan will be in his rear. I have received no re-enforcements since my last. My strength is about 5,000 effective men; that of the enemy 12,000. I shall endeavor to draw him on slowly, confident that, removed, so far from his base, when re-enforcements reach us (which I trust you will soon be able to spare) his destruction is certain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Mansfield, April 12, 1864

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: If Steele's troops are driven back and no more annoyance to be anticipated from them, I have the honor to ask that you will send me all the infantry re-enforcements you can. A brigade or two would help Polignac's division very much.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Numbers 2676.] HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT. Shreveport, La., April 14, 1864-2 p.m.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your information a dispatch from General Price stating that the enemy appears to be moving for Camden. The general commanding thinks their movement of the enemy is for the purpose of putting himself well in communication with his rear, and if possible with Banks, while at the same

