
time he puts himself in a position from which he can more easily retreat. General Price has been instructed, if the enemy does approach Camden to throw a sufficient force of cavalry across the Ouachita River to cut off his supplies and break up his communications. He will use every precaution to retard the enemy's movement and prevent any communication between Banks and Steele.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,In the Field, 4 1/2 miles north of Washington,

April 132, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS:

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: Indications are now that the enemy are moving toward Camden. I have ordered Marmaduke with his division up the roads to that point to watch him closely, impede his advance should he attempt to move in that direction, while with the remainder of my force I harass his rear. Brigadier General Tandy Walker, with 700 Indians, reached Washington last evening and is now operating with me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Mansfield, April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the two 30-pounder rifled Parrott guns recently sent by me to Shreveport be fitted up as expeditiously as possible with mule teams, battery, and ammunition wagons, &amp;c.- in fact, be put inn complete order for service, that I may take them with me when I return from the march northward, as they will be of incalculable value on the Mississippi River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,

Mansfield, April 14, 1864

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows: Walker's, Churchill's and Parsons' divisions took up the march at dawn for Shreveport; the first by the middle road, the two last by the Kingston road. Polignac's division has marched for Alexandria via Pleasant Hill. The cavalry with five batteries is near Natchitoches pressing the enemy. Liddell is below Campti and Grand Ecore fighting the fleet. All the boats have passed Campti bar by throwing off stores, &c.; but the loss of life on board the transports has

