
been terrific. They have tried to surrender several times, but the gun-boats would not cease firing, and consequently our men resumed the slaughter. The enemy will be pressed to the end. I will report at headquarters to-morrow evening.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 20, 1864

Major-General TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana;

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that Walker's division has been halted and to inquire of you if that division can be moved with safety directly from where it is to Campti. It is now between Minden and Calhoun, about a day's march beyond the former place. General Smith is at Dr. Harris', 24 miles this side of Camden, at the junction of the Wire and Calhoun roads. Telegraphic communication is open to that place. Churchill's division left Magnolia this morning; Parsons' is at Calhoun to-night. Please return answer to the above inquiry as to the safety of moving Walker's division to Campti immediately upon the receipt of this. I have the honor to inclose you copy of dispatch* this moment received from General Boggs, which is the only one received since that of yesterday morning, which you saw. The pontoon ordered to return from Arkansas has not arrived here yet.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS

In the Field, 15 miles from Camden, April 22, 1864.

Major-General TAYLOR,Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: Finding that Banks was rapidly retreating down Red River below Natchitoches, while Steele had taken position in Price's front at Camden, I ordered Walker, who had been halted about 40 miles below on the Minden road, to move up to Price's support. Walker was too far off to join you before the enemy reached Alexandria. Steele cannot be left in his present position, strengthened by re-enforcements and supplies, without endangering the fruit of your victories below. He must be driven to fight or to retreat toward the Arkansas, where Fagan has done his work. Retreat to him is as disastrous as defeat. Did General Walker move below to Alexandria? Steele's retreat or advance on Shreveport were equally easy. With General Walker's command the one will be disastrous,the other difficult, if not impossible. Ultimate and substantial results, with a field for important military operations, is opened by the capture or dispersion of Steele's force. In both a political and military point of view everything is to be gained for the department by its accomplishment. If you are convinced that Banks is retreating to New Orleans, and you can leave Polignac or Wharton in command, I would suggest, that you repair here in person. I can place you on

---------------

*Not found ass an inclosure.

---------------

