
duty with your increased rank, and would feel that I had left the conduct of operations in safe hands. I have not received an answer to my letter of the 20th.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, June 12, 1864

The promotions made in General Taylor's army after the battles of Mansfield and Pleasant Hill were with his approval and at this urgent instance. He was perfectly aware of my powers, or, rather, want of power. He urged the necessity, and that I should take the responsibility, &amp;c. I distinctly told him I had no authority, but that owing to the peculiarity of my situation and from the tenor of Your Excellency's letters I believed that you would sustain me. I offered to put him on duty as lieutenant-general, that he might be the senior in the movement to Arkansas, and might conduct affairs in the event of any accident to myself. Your Excellency was notified of my action in this matter. General Taylor requested that the order should not be published; that the effect with the President would rather be to prevent his receiving the appointment.

Respectfully forwarded.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 23, 1864-5 p.m.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from General Smith ordering General Walker's division to proceed to Arkansas without delay. Immediately on receipt of your communication this morning informing me it was perfectly safe for the division to proceed to Campti I informed General Walker of the fact, and directed him to move to that point without delay. I inclose you copies* of the dispatches just received from General Smith.

I am, general very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 26, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: By the direction of General Smith I have the honor to forward to you the inclosed telegram,+ and to inform you that Captain Fauntleroy, with his batteries, was ordered last night to report to the general commanding in the field in Arkansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General St. John R. Liddell.)

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

+Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

