HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 28, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The Falls City has been sufficiently removed to allow small boats to pass. Three passed down night before last and yesterday morning. I received a dispatch from General Smith's headquarters last evening saying General Smith was in Camden, Steele having fled at daylight yesterday morning. We were in pursuit. General Fagan had an engagement on the 25th instant at a place I understand to be about 30 miles from Camden, on the Pine Bluff road, in which he captured 1,000 prisoners, killed and wounded over 500, took all their artillery (6 pieces) and over 300 wagons. The dispatch sent me does not state what force from the enemy this was, but if I am correctly informed as to the point, I judge it must have been a force guardian supplies from Pine Bluff intended for Camden.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Near McNutt's Hill, April 30, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that in view of the fact that there is an extensive depot of corn at Shreveport, I have ordered all the cavalrymen with unserviceable horses to report to Colonel Shivers, commanding the post, to relieve a like number of infantry soldiers from Polignac's division now on guard duty at Shreveport. General Wharton will send a competent officer to Shreveport to establish a camp of instructions and drill these men in infantry tactics. This, however, will not interfere with their performing guard duty. Meanwhile the horses will be recruiting. It is especially desirable to relieve every man possible of my small infantry force, which has been so much reduced by hard fighting and marching and I trust you will issue such orders as will promptly attain this end.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, May 2, 1864

Major-General TAYLOR,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on Saturday, the 30th ultimo, our forces in Arkansas engaged the enemy. The battle is supposed to have taken place near the Saline Bottom, on the road to Little Rock from Camden, although our advices designate no particular point. The battle lasted all day and resulted in our gaining the advantage. The enemy were driven from the field, leaving in our possession their pontoon bridge, several hundred prisoners, many

