
small-arms, and all their dead and wounded. The exact number is not mentioned. On our side General Scurry is killed, Generals Clark (slightly) and Randal (dangerously) wounded, Colonel Grinsted, of Tappan's (Arkansas) brigade, killed. Their loss is reported to be very great. Ours is considerable. General Waul had his arm broken and was doing well. This is the extent of the information I have received in regard to the affair. General Boggs telegraphs to know whether you can spare the corn between Harrisonburg and the Arkansas line. I send by the courier the maps you asked for a few days ago.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Birney's Creek, May 6, 1864

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 2nd instant, relative to corn in the Ouachita Valley, I have the honor to state, that it is at the disposal of the general commanding the department, as I can manage to subsist and forage my small force in the Sub-District of Northern Louisiana from other quarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, May 12, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th instant.* Generals Walker, Churchill, and Parsons' divisions are on the march to re-enforce you. The head of General Walker's column should be to-day near Minden. The stage of water in the river will in all probability retain the enemy's boats above the falls until the arrival of the re-enforcements from Arkansas. I have every confidence in your ability and judgment, and while I do not wish to restrain you in operations which are extraordinary in results and highly creditable to yourself and command, you cannot exercise too much caution in risking a general engagement or in too far committing your whole force to a position on the river below Alexandria beyond the power of retreat in the event of a disaster. The arrival of re-enforcements will make you master of your position and insure the success of your operations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

