
that I much fear I cannot do my whole duty under your command, and I ask that you take steps to relieve me as soon as it can be done without injury to the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camden, May 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to General Taylor. This communication is not only improper but unjust. I cannot believe but that it was written in a moment of irritation or sickness.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Near Alexandria, May 24, 1864

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 17th instant. The condition of my health precludes the hope that I will be able to participate in a Missouri campaign. I scarcely believe I will be able for some time to come to conduct the affairs of my present command. The forces here are unable for the moment to engage in very active service in any quarter. The several commands are utterly worn down with marching and fighting. It is either too late or too early for a Missouri campaign. The propitious spring weather having been lost, we must await the fall. The intermediate time should be actively employed in preparations. A Missouri campaign can be made a great success and have an important bearing on the war in both its political and military aspects; but every energy of the department must be sternly directed to the success of the movement. The reliable infantry commands, viz, Walker's and Polignac's, have dwindled to nothing. These should be instantly filled up by enforcing the laws. Thomas' brigade has been doubtless exchanged and I desire to place it immediately in the field under Polignac. I will undertake to force every man in Louisiana who owes military service to the Confederacy to enter the ranks within a month if I am relieved from the incubus of the Conscript Bureau and not interfered with by department headquarters. Every soldier put in the above divisions is worth ten in new organizations. The troops are now without shoes, and no movement can be made north until an adequate supply is furnished. The Clothing Bureau is liberal in promise and utterly barren in performance. A radical change is imperatively required. There are no horses for the artillery. More than a month since I was promised 200. Not one has reached me. To march to Missouri 500 would be wanted. They will never be supplied under the present system. The innumerable details should be done away with. All the department can be furnished with laborers from the State troops of Texas, and Louisiana, and all post guards, including that at Shreveport, can be furnished from the same sources. I am overhauling my

