
transportation, obtaining fresh mules from the river to replace those broken down, and trying to improve the condition of my cavalry horses. A very large supply of ammunition for artillery, especially for long-range guns (3-inch and 12-pounders), will be required, and we have none on hand. At least 15,000 stand of small-arms should be carried with the army to arm without delay the recruits. Once in Missouri large numbers will be received, and we should be prepared to arm them without delay. I have sent an officer to General Polk and Colonel Scott to perfect arrangements for crossing arms at once. The subsistence department should prepare hard bread night and day to accompany the army. By taking a few portable mills with the troops corn meal can be provided in most cases, so as to preserve the heard bread for emergencies. Large numbers of cattle will be required. These should be in good order and old cattle. Young cattle cannot endure long marches without losing too much flesh. While these arrangements are being made I will threaten New Orleans by placing my cavalry in the only region where it can be recruited on abundant forage, fill up the ranks of the Louisiana commands by a rigid and impartial enforcement of the laws, and prepare the road for a movement northward. To fill up the Texas organizations will require energy, and it will not be done if politicians are consulted.

The line of march from here will be via Columbia, cross the Ouachita, and ascend that stream and the Bartholomew until the alluvion of the Arkansas is a struck east of Pine Bluff; thence by Crowley's Ridge and the valley of the White River to the Missouri line. This will lead the army through a country where more or less forage can be obtained, turn the enemy's positions in Arkansas and the Indian country, and keep constantly between him and the Mississippi River, whence he could draw re-enforcements and supplies. While General Price's infantry is resting at or near Camden his cavalry should operate to destroy and prevent the repair of the railroad between Little Rock and White River, and prevent the navigation of the Arkansas. Ten thousand cavalry and 8,000 infantry, with an abundant artillery, especially long-range guns, will be sufficient for the conquest of Missouri. All the Confederate troops in Texas should be hurried to the front as fast as they can be replaced by the State troops. In the advance the cavalry should be expected to do the work, the infantry following to secure positions and near enough to concentrate on any enemy that attempts to impede the march. A vigorous and determined advance would force back the present garrisons in Arkansas and the Indian country toward Missouri,on lines parallel to ours, and we could beat the column nearest us whenever necessary. The present Arkansas division under Churchill could be left in that State to hold it, get up supplies, and organize recruits. Notwithstanding his recent promotion, Churchill is no soldier and will never succeed in the field. I regard the troops intrusted to his command as almost lost to the service. He will assuredly defeat any plan dependent on his generalship, even in carrying out details. The campaign should not now be undertaken before the summer heats and rains are over. By crossing the Arkansas in the first week of August the months of September and October would find us in to active operations in that latitude, and the fall pastures could be relied on to a certain extent. Once in the Missouri line the direction of march would depend on supplies, disposition of the inhabitants

