
of the movement. You selected the commands that were to remain and those that were to be detached. You desired that Polignac should be left to push the retreating army of Banks, while you took command of the column which marched against Steele. The fruits of your victory at Mansfield were secured by the march of that column. The complete success of the campaign was determined by the overthrow of Steele at Jenkins' Ferry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Near Alexandria, June 5, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH.

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of May 26. You are mistaken in supposing that my communications were intended as complaints. I have no complaints to make. My communications were statements of facts, necessary, in my judgment, to the proper understanding of the campaign. I have not read the story of Gil Blas and the Archbishop to so little purpose as not to know that truth is often considered "objectionable by superiors, "but I have not drawn the moral that it is therefore "improper in subordinates to state it." The "regrets" I expressed at Mansfield on May [April] 10 were drawn forth by your expressions of friendship for me, and assurances that you had given me all the support and assistance in your power. From no mann living have I ever begged an indulgence for my acts, whether personal or official.

So far from expressing my approbation of the movement of Walker, Parsons, and Churchill against Steele, I stated to you on May [April] 13 at Mansfield, where you come because I had written to request permission to follow up my victories, that Steele must inevitably retreat, that every step he advanced but insured his destruction; that the success of Maxey at Poison Springs made assurance doubly sure; that the auxiliary column must retreat, the main one having been routed. You replied that Steele "was bold to rashness," and that he would not hear of Banks' defeat, and insisted that the movement be made, proposing to select the troops from my command. It was then that I desired to accompany the troops, naming the divisions above mentioned and expressing my entire willingness to serve under Genera Price and give him all the assistance in my power. At the same time I expressed my conviction that Steele would retreat, and understood from you most distinctly that in this event my movement northward would stop at once. My offer to serve under General Price drew from you many compliments; yet at that very time, as I subsequently learned, an order had been

issued from your headquarters directing my chief quartermaster to send some captured wagons, as you intended to take the field. You permitted me to move 40 miles to Shreveport, leave my command, and

make all my arrangements for a campaign which you had determined I was not to make. From the 13th to the night of the 15th, I remained under this delusion, which you by a word could have dispelled. Arrived at Shreveport, I found myself deprived of com-

