
7,000 cavalry, succeeded the strategy which declined the capture of Banks' army and Porter's fleet to march after the comparatively insignificant force of Steele. The same regard for duty which led me to throw myself between you and popular indignation and quietly take the blame of your errors, compels me to tell you the truth, however objectionable to you. The grave errors you have committed in the recent campaign may be repeated if the unhappy consequences are not kept before you. After the desire to serve my country, I have none more ardent than to be relieved from longer serving under your command.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

TUPELO, July 16, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH or

Major-General WALKER,

Trans-Mississippi (care Commanding Officer, Clinton, La.):

The President instructs me to say the enemy is reported to have withdrawn his main force [from] Louisiana to attack Mobile and operate east of Mississippi River; that under such circumstances it was expected of you that you would promptly aid by sending troops to defeat the plans of the enemy as soon as discovered. There is no doubt the enemy is moving against Mobile or some point east of the Mississippi.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, July 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General LIDDELL:

Send following dispatch across the Mississippi by a reliable officer, with instructions to deliver it either to General Smith, Taylor, Walker, or Polignac:

COLUMBUS, GA., July 22, 1864.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE:

Inform General E. K. Smith that the President orders a prompt movement of Lieutenant-General Taylor and the infantry of his corps to cross the Mississippi. Such other infantry as can be spared by General Smith will follow as soon as possible. General Taylor, on reaching this side Mississippi, will assume command of the department.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

S. D. LEE.

Lieutenant-General.

MONTGOMERY, July 23, 1864

Brigadier-General LIDDELL:

Send this dispatch also:

General SMITH, TAYLOR, WALKER, or POLIGNAC:

The movement of troops ordered by the President should be executed with the least possible delay. If the trains for the troops cannot be brought over the horses, mules and harness should be brought at all events. I will have supplies collected for your troops on this side the Mississippi, but you had better send commissaries ahead.

S. D. LEE.

Lieutenant-General.

