
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT.

Numbers 18. Shreveport, La., April 19, 1864

God has blessed our arms with signal victories at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill. The general commanding finds it an appropriate occasion to pay a well-merited tribunate to the endurance and valor of the troops engaged in these battles. Collected from remote points- from Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas-after long and tedious marches, their combined courage has gained on the soil of Louisiana the patriot soldier's highest reward-victory. They have driven in confused flight from the battle-field the boastful minions of despotism. In the name of a grateful people I thank them for this splendid result. While we mourn for the glorious dead and sympathize with the heroic wounded, let us take courage for the future. By prompt obedience to orders and patient endurance we will be enabled to repeat this great achievement whenever the enemy shall advance in force against any part of the Trans-Mississippi Department. When the soldiers of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas stand together in battle, with the blessing of God we confidently expect victory. The names of Mansfield and Pleasant Hill will be inscribed on the colors of the regiments engaged in these battles.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camden, Ark., May 3, 1864.

Soldiers of the Trans-Mississippi Department:

Our arms in Louisiana have again been crowned with success. Victorious at Cloutierville, we have captured a gun-boat and transports, and driven the enemy demoralized and retreating within the shelter of his entrenchments at Alexandria. No meed of praise is too great for that gallant little army and its skillful and energetic chief. To his glorious victories at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill, under Providence, is the success of this campaign in a great measure due.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camden, Ark., May 3, 1864.

Soldiers of the Trans-Mississippi Department:

Once more in the hour of victory we are called upon to mourn the heroic dead. Generals W. R. Scurry and Horace Randal have fallen upon the field of honor. At Jenkins' Ferry they offered themselves up precious victims on the altar of liberty. Mouton and Green are gone; Scurry and Randal have followed on the same glorious path. Be it ours to emulate their virtues and valor, and to act as men not unworthy to associate with such heroes. The colors of their respective brigades will be draped in mourning for thirty days.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

