
scarcely anything. General Taylor was left in command of the cavalry and Polignac's division to watch and pursue the enemy.

Parsons, Churchil, and Walker arrived at Shreveport on April 16, en route for Camden. Walker moved on the right via Minden, Parsons in the center via center via Benton, and Churchill on the left, following Red River 35 miles up and then turning to the right, passing near Magnolia. Walker's division was halted 20 miles beyond Minded on the reception of information from General Taylor that the enemy was entrenching at Natchitoches and had thrown two pontoon bridges across the Red River at Grand Ecore, the steam-boat landing for that place. In this position (48 miles from Shreveport, 115 from Natchitoches, and 66 from Camden) General Walker was in a good attitude to meet any movement of Banks in the direction of the Ouachita or against Shreveport, or any movement of Steele in the direction of Red River. It was thought possible Banks and Steele might endeavor to effect a junction east of Shreveport, which accomplished, we could have but little hope of resisting their united strength. Walker remained in this position till the enemy evacuated Grand Ecore and retreated south with his land and naval forces. The bridge had been thrown across Red River to enable the enemy's infantry to protect his transports and gun-boats from General Liddell's force, which had moved up opposite to them and inflicted considerable loss upon them, destroying one or two boats. Five thousand or 6,000 men were thrown to the north side, but did not go far from the river. Parsons and Churchill had been held about 25 miles from Camden, ready to move upon that place or in the direction of Minden, as occasion might require.

Steele had gone into our works at Camden with his whole force on the 18th. General Price had been instructed to throw his cavalry into them before Steele's arrival if he felt sure of holding the position, but not to put a force there to be sacrificed. He was instructed at all events to send at least a brigade of cavalry to the north side of the Ouachita for the purpose of cutting off the enemy's supplies from Little Rock and Pine Bluff. Neither direction was followed.

On April 18, Generals Maxey and Marmaduke had fought the enemy (a foraging party about 2,500 strong) at Poison Springs, 12 miles from Camden, dispersing the whole force and capturing a few prisoners, 212 wagons and teams, with 4 pieces of artillery. It was so close to the enemy's main body that we did not have time or opportunity to pick up the prisoners who dispersed in the woods, but contented ourselves with hauling off the artillery and train.

When General Smith arrived at General Price's headquarters and ascertained that no cavalry had been thrown across the Ouachita he dispatched General Fagan with 3,500 men to go, if possible, into Little Rock and Pine Bluff and destroy the depots at those points. The garrisons at both places were understood to be small. General Fagan did not accomplish this great object. He could not get his artillery, of which he had four pieces, across the Saline River at the point where he attempted to cross. On the 23rd or 24th [25th], he encountered a force of the enemy about 1,500 strong, in charge of a train at Marks' Mills, on the west side of the Ouachita. He succeeded in captured a four-gun battery and 200 wagons and teams, besides 100 which were burned during the fight. Meanwhile our forces were drawn close around camden. The works, which had been constructed by us last year, were such as to make it very doubtful

