
near Fort De Russy that our cavalry captured the two gun-boats above referred to. The Eastport, one of the finest iron-clads in the Western waters, was sunk by the enemy about 50 miles above Alexandria, where she had gotten fast aground. While they were at Alexandria our boats went constantly down as far as Cotile, carrying subsistence and forage. The enemy showed less enterprise than I have ever known them evince. Banks is clearly no commander. Once or twice while he was at Alexandria the posture of our force was such that by a short and comparatively safe movement of 10,000 men he might have insured beyond peradventure the capture of Polignac's division. He must have been in the main aware of the position and strength of our force. Along with the hope of accomplishing his main purpose, he seems to have given up all desire to acquit himself with any credit.

The Yankees left Alexandria about May [13], after burning two-thirds of the town. Whether it was their intention to burn the whole place, or only some of the public building, warehouses, &amp;c., does not clearly appear. My opinion is they did not intend total destruction. The wind was very high and the fire could not be managed. A considerable quantity of stores was destroyed. The gunboats took off some of their armor to lighten them, and ten or twelve heavy guns were burst on the river bank. General Taylor fought team at Moreauville three or four hours and then drew off his force, which was between them and Simsport. Following up their retreat he received a severe repulse at Yellow Bayou, 6 miles from Simsport, from some new troops brought from the texas coast. This fight occurred on [May 18], and virtually closed the campaign. Before being relieved from command General Taylor had given up his idea of a campaign toward New Orleans, and had ordered all of his infantry back to the vicinity of Alexandria, there to rest and prepare for future operations.

I have given you as clearly as I am able the details of this campaign. I doubt if they will be interesting to you, in view of the great events now transpiring in Virginia and Georgia; but, as I have said, they are data from which you may judge the merits of a case which I am sure will not long fail to be discussed at Richmond. General Taylor has warm supporters there-men who will not be deterred from carrying their point by any scruples of honor or veracity. General Smith's policy and motives, as well as many facts connected with his operations, will be misrepresented. It will doubtless be asserted in the East, as it has already been here, that the movement of troops from Louisiana to Arkansas after the battle of Pleasant Hill was against General Taylor's views and protest. On this point I need only say that General Smith told me immediately after our return from Mansfield, where the decision was made, that General Taylor approved of his plan of moving immediately against Steele. He even selected the troops he wished to go. The plan at first was that he should accompany them. Certainly I never heard a word of his disapproval of the movement until he arrived at Shreveport on his way to Arkansas, and it was determined that he should remain in Louisiana. I have not a shadow of doubt that al the subsequent criticism and complaints of himself and friends are entirely the results of pique. There seems to be among them a settled determination to place to his credit all the favorable contingencies that might have happened had operations been differently conducted. People will not be content to let well enough alone. They cannot

