
defeated him. On the other hand, had we become seriously involved with Banks on lower Red River Steele might have advanced and seized Shreveport and Marshall before we could extricate ourselves to meet him. The defeat of our army before Natchioches would have lost the department. Some persons say the campaign was successful, but it might have been so much better had this or that been done differently. Very true, but it might have been so much worse. That any action will be taken in this matter by the President I have not the least idea, but I have a pride that matters should be understood correctly by the people, and particularly by General Smith's friends. As I should hate for the enemy to get this document I shall await a safe opportunity to send it.

Your affectionate nephew,

E. C[UNNINGHAM.]

[RICHARD H. CUNNINGHAM, Lynchburg, Va.]

JULY 11, [1864.]

P. S.-Dr. Tom has just called and says he will take this for me. He will probably see you and tell you how I am getting on.

E. C.

Numbers 95. Reports of Major General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding District of West Louisiana.*

ALEXANDRIA, July 31, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The accompanying report was written long since, but the impossibility of obtaining returns of the casualties in the cavalry prevented me from forwarding it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Shreveport, April 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report and request that the accompanying documents be made a part of it. Document A (March 5) shows my anticipation of the enemy's campaign. Hearing that Sherman had visited New Orleans, I feared his co-operation with Banks from Vicksburg, but I had no means of estimating either the extent or time of such co-operation. Document B (March 7) orders Polignac to move his brigade to Alexandria at once. Document C (March 8) proposes an expedition against Plaquemine, as the enemy was not ready to move from the Teche, and inoffensive movement, so unexpected, might well delay his attack and afford time for my re-enforcements from Texas to come up. Document D, with inclosed papers from March 13 to 15 inclusive, relative to the landing of the enemy at Simsport and subsequent

---------------

*See also General Taylor's correspondence, March 6-June 5, with General Smith, p. p. 488-546.

---------------

