
day, hearing the sounds of Edgar's pieces, I dispatched Major Brent, chief of artillery and ordnance on my staff, to examine the condition of affairs and ascertain if re-enforcements were needed by Colonel Vincent. this officer returned in the evening, informing me that re-enforcements would be needed, as Colonel Vincent expected to be attacked there in the morning. Some time elapsing without my hearing from Colonel Vincent, after Major Brent left him, I was fearful that the enemy had cut off my couriers, and therefore sent Captain C. LeD. Elgee, of my staff, with an escort to communicate with Colonel Vincent and direct him to fall back at once to the infantry support. Captain Elgee did not reach the command, but was taken prisoner by the enemy and is now in their hands. The weather during the day and night of the 21st was wretched, raining and hailing heavily. At about 9 o'clock at night a large cavalry force of the enemy, guided by deserters and jayhawkers, took a road unknown to my best guides, crossing below James' Store at Grubb's Lake, got in rear of the position and surprised the camp, capturing the 4 pieces and men of Edgar's battery and 100 men of the Second Louisiana Cavalry. The aggregate loss of prisoners was about 200. On the morning of the 22nd, deeming it possible that the enemy might attempt an advance of cavalry by the way of Carroll Jones', sent my trains to Beasley's and formed Mouton's division in line of battle at that place (Carroll Jones'); but as no demonstration was made I withdrew to Beasley's, which position covered the road to Many and Natchitoches, and from which there was a good road striking Cane River about 26 miles below Natchitoches, whence I could draw abundant supplies of forage and subsistence. At the same time I dispatched couriers to intercept the cavalry re-enforcements and direct them to cross the Sabine at points above Burr's Ferry and join me at Beasley's. From the 22nd, to the 29th, I remained at Beasley's, hoping each day that some of my cavalry re-enforcements would arrive, the enemy in the mean time massing his forces at Monett's Ferry, and when he crossed Cane River, it being impossible to procure subsistence and forage from that direction, I ordered the cavalry to fall back slowly toward Natchitoches, contesting the enemy's advance, and moved the infantry by way of fort Jesup to Pleasant Hill. Depots of supplies having been established at both places, I proceeded myself on the 30th to Natchitoches, where I remained until within a few hours of the arrival of the enemy.

On the night of the 30th, Colonel McNeill's Fifth Texas Cavalry reached Natchitoches, numbering 250 men, of whom 50 were unarmed, and on the morning of the 31st, Colonel Herbert's Seventh Texas Cavalry reached the same place, numbering 350 men, of whom 125 were unarmed. These were the first re-enforcements which reached me since the opening of the campaign. Taking a steam-boat I proceeded to Blair's Landing, and thence across the Bayou Pierre to Pleasant Hill, examining the road with a view to its use in hauling supplies from the river in the event of our occupying Pleasant Hill for any considerable length of time. I reached Pleasant Hill on April 1, the divisions of Major-General Walker and Brigadier-General Mouton arriving on the same day.

On the evening of April 1, Major-General Green joined me in person. On the night of April 1, I was informed by General Green that Colonel Debray was marching from Many to Pleasant Hill with his regiment and Moseley's and McMahan's batteries and his trains. As the enemy was moving up on the Natchitoches road to Pleasant

