
(Walker) led his fine brigadies into action and pressed on the foe has never been surpassed. Until he was disabled by a painful wound on the following day, every hour but illustrated his capacity for command. The enemy in vain formed new lines of battle on the wooded ridges, which are a feature of the country. Every line was swept away as soon as formed, and every gun taken as soon as put in position. For 5 miles the enemy was driven rapidly and steadily. Here the Thirteenth Corps gave way entirely and was replaced by the Nineteenth, hurriedly brought up to support the fight. The Nineteenth Corps, though fresh, shared the fate of the Thirteenth. Nothing could arrest the astonishing ardor and courage of our troops. Green, Polignac, Major, Bagby, and Randal on the left, Walker, Bee, Scurry, and Waul on the right swept all before them. Just as night was closing in the enemy massed heavily on a ridge overlooking a small creek. As the water was important to both parties, I ordered the enemy driven from it. The fighting was severe for a time, but Walker, Green, and other gallant leaders led on our tired men, and we camped on the creek as night fell, the enemy forced back some 400 yards beyond. The conduct of our troops was beyond all praise. There was no straggling, no plundering. The vast captured property was quietly taken to Mansfield and turned over untouched to the proper officers.

Daylight on the 9th found every man at his post, and the pursuit was taken up with full ranks. This testimony is due the army under my command. The village of Mansfield, only 3 miles from this fierce battle, was during the day and night the scene of order and quiet. The excellent arrangements made by Surgeon McKelvey, medical director; Major Sanders, chief quartermaster, and Major Mason, chief commissary of subsistence, secured the efficient workings of their several departments. Not a straggler was seen in the village on the 8th or 9th, and citizens assured me but for the sound of the guns they might have supposed peace to reign in the land. After all was quiet at the creek, and the necessary orders for the morning had been given to Major-Generals Walker and Green, I returned to Mansfield to hurry forward Churchill's and Parsons' divisions, arrived that evening from Keachie, 22 miles distant. Churchill and Parsons were put in motion for the front at 2 a. m. After sending dispatches to department headquarters and giving necessary instructions to the heads of the several departments I returned to the front at 3.30 a. m. Finding the enemy had retreated during the night, as I supposed he must after the severe losses of the preceding day, I sent forward all the cavalry under Green, the infantry following in column along the Pleasant Hill road, Churchill leading, then Parsons; Walker, and Polignac, now commanding Mouton's division. I accompanied the cavarly. For 12 miles not a shot was fired by the enemy. Many prisoners, burning wagons, scattered arms, gave evidence of the rout. A mile in advance of Pleasant Hill, Green found the enemy drawn up in a strong position. As we had left the infantry far in our rear by the rapid advance, I ordered feints to be made to the right and left to develop the position and strength of the enemy. The importance of pushing Banks beyond Pleasant Hill could not be overestimated. As shown by his orders dated at Natchioches and captured on the 8th, Banks expected to reach Shreveport on the 11th with the Thirteenth [and] Nineteenth Corps and the cavalry via Pleasant Hill and Mansfield, and had on the 8th made two-thirds of the distance between the two

