
convinced me that he had received re-enforcements of fresh troops, and I ordered forward Polignac.

Just then information reached me that Major-General Walker was wounded. Galloping to the spot I found that he had received a severe contusion in the groin, and ordered him to quit the field, which he did most reluctantly. His wound was a great misfortune. The continuity of our line was lost, as I could not for some time find either of his brigade commanders, all of whom were hotly engaged within the pine thicket in the front.

Churchill in his attack did not gain ground enough to his right nor use his cavalry efficiently. The consequence was that, although his first attack was vigorous, sweeping all before it, the enemy outflanked his right and threw him into much conduction. He did all in his power to restore order, and was ably seconded by Generals Parsons, Tappan, and Clark, whose brigade of Missourians suffered heavily. Brigadier-General Scurry, also commanding the right brigade of Walker's division, behaved most nobly, and speaks highly of Colonel Waterhouse, commanding one of his regiments. General Scurry was slightly wounded in the engagement. The efforts of these leaders prevented the confusion on the right from becoming disastrous. Mean time the fighting on the left and center was close and fierce. The fresh troops of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps held their ground manfully. The dense woods prevented a view of the field, and the continuity of our line was lost. An idea prevailed that we were firing on each other. Green, Polignac, Major, Randal, and Gray, with their respective staffs, rallied the troops and led them again and again into action, and the men by their conduct showed themselves worthy of such leaders. At nightfall I withdrew the troops to prevent the additional confusion incident to darkness and formed line in the open field. The men fell in at once, and, animated by their nobel leader, brought order and confidence to the ranks. Brigadier-General Waul withdrew from the wood, where he had been hotly engaged, in fine style and showed the coolness of a veteran. General Churchill reported to me in person from the right and enabled me to judge the result. With 12,000 men we had attacked twenty-odd thousand, many of them fresh troops, posted strongly on ground unknown to us. We had driven them at every point, and but for the mistake and consequent confusion on the right we would have captured most of his army. This was accomplished by hard, stern, stubborn fighting. I respectfully refer to my order to the army for a statement of the tangible fruits of our victories. After order was restored I directed the infantry to fall back some 6 miles to water, as there was none to be had nearer and all were parched with thirst. As many of the cavalry as could be foraged were sent to the same point, where forage and rations had been accumulated. The remainder, except Debray's regiment, was ordered to Mansfield to feed and rest. This was absolutely necessary. The cavalry had been fighting and marching for four consecutive days, and man and horse had been without food for forty hours. I remained with General Bee some 300 yards from the battle-field, two companies of Debray's regiment picketing on the field. The noise of wagons moving in the rear of the enemy's position confirmed my opinion that he would retreat in the night. The cavalry which was sent to the first water to forage was ordered to come to the front at daylight to take up the pursuit, and orders were issued to make details to bury the dead and care for the wounded.

