
department visited my headquarters at Mansfield and expressed great anxiety for the destruction of Steele's column. It was certain, in my opinion, that Steele would receive intelligence of Banks' defeat and immediately beat a hasty retreat; but the general's views differing from mine, I expressed my willingness to march to General Price with the main body of my infantry and serve under his command until Steele's column was destroyed or driven back. I understood, however, in view of the great importance of promptly following and destroying Banks' army and capturing the immense supplies which accompanied them, a thing which I then believed, and which subsequent events have shown to be entirely feasible, which was, in fact, the legitimate fruit of the victories of the 8th and 9th and subsequent operations on the river, that as soon as Steele was known to have taken the alarm and commenced his retreat my movement northward would stop, and I would be permitted to return to complete the work so auspiciously begun. The general commanding the department, after remaining with me a few hours, returned to Shreveport.

At daylight on the 14th, Walker's, Churchill's, and Parson' divisions of infantry took up their line of march for Shreveport, with everything prepared for an active and vigorous campaign. The same day Polignac's division of infantry, numbering scarcely 2,000 bayonets, was pushed toward Natchitoches to give confidence to and support the cavalry, operating against the enemy at Grand Ecore and below. Being two days' march from Mansfield to Shreveport, I did not leave the former place until the forenoon of the 15th, and reached Shreveport on the evening of the day, when I earned at an interview with the general commanding the department that Steele had already commenced his retreat from a point 110 miles distant, but he still hoped to overtake him, and proposed to assume command of the movement in person. My offer to accompany the troops was declined, and I was left in nominal command at Shreveport, with permission to join the troops near Natchitoches if I thought proper. I have remained at Shreveport until this evening (the 18th instant), engaged in writing this report of an extended campaign, and purpose proceeding toward Natchitoches to-morrow morning to take command of the cavalry and Polignac's division of infantry. As I am writing these last lines a telegram from the chief of staff of the general commanding, dated Magnolia, the 18th, informs me that the pontoon train which I had in vain asked for, and which accompanied the general commanding the department on his march from this point northward on the morning of the 16th, has been ordered back and placed at my disposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Mississippi Department.

[Inclosure A.]

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of reports from General Polignac.* This officer has done all that his means will allow.

---------------

*See operations on the Ouachita River, &amp;c., p. 155.

---------------

