
I have received information from New Orleans of a definite character. Ten light stern-wheelers are in readiness. These boats are bullet-proof, but not intended to resist artillery. They are doubtless for the purpose of following the advance of the troops whit supplies, and are armored against sharpshooters. Three thousand cavalry have arrived from the North, and 5,000 additional re-enforcements are expected. Between 5,000 and 6,000 men have been brought back from Texas. The cavalry and the troops from Texas have re-enforced Franklin on the Teche. The movement will take place between the 15th and 20th of this month. The cavalry with some infantry will move up the teche, and the gun-boats with infantry up the Red River. As General Franklin is a slow man, it is not likely he will be ready before the 15th. My informant left New Orleans on the morning of the 25th ultimo; came by Berwick Bay and the Teche. He possesses unusual means of information, and his statement can be implicitly relied upon. Banks had received orders to attack Mobile at all hazards. He was resisting the order, being unwilling to be thrown into the circle of Grant's operations. If Banks cannot escape the orders from Washington, Mobile will be first attacked; otherwise the programme above mentioned will be carried out. the force of the enemy disposable for this expedition he estimated at 22,000, of which 6,000 or 7,000 will be mounted. I shall assume that Banks will carry out his own plans, as he has already commenced the concentration at Berwick and franklin, and make provision for it. Captain Devoe, engineer, whit the negroes and tools from Trinity, goes to De Russy to-day to assist in completing the work there. General Walker has been directed to push everything to the utmost, and provisions for three months for the garrison will be placed at once in the magazines. I have directed General Polignac to be in readiness to march to this point, as I must look to a concentration of my small means near the Huffpower. The Ouachita defenses cannot be resumed until the fall of the Mississippi prevents the ingress of gun-boats. This will be, at the present rate of fall, in ten days. Before this it will be decided whether Banks goes to Mobile or comes this way. With is no intention to operate in Texas at this time from the Gulf. Steele will operate from the north as soon as the season is propitious. Every man in Southern and Western Texas over and above the garrisons and local corps is out of the campaign, but General Holmes will probably have his hands full. The above information is strictly correct, and can be relied on with as much confidence as if the plans had been laid here instead of in New Orleans.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 7, 1864.

Brigadier General C. J. POLIGNAC,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: As soon as possible after the receipt of this order you will march with your brigade to this point. A depot of forage has

