
been established at Lacroix's Ferry for you. Should you conclude that it will be best for you to march your command to Alexandria by any other road than that leading by Lacroix's Ferry, advise these headquarters to such effect by return courier, and forage will be sent from here to some point on your intended line of march to meet you. Advise Brigadier-General Liddell that you have received this order to march to Alexandria, in order that be may sent his cavalry down to picket the country you are about leaving.

By commanding of Major-General Taylor:

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 8, 1864.

Major-General WALKER,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 7th instant. For two days there has been nothing form Colonel Vincent. My information still points to a Red River expedition, and it is best to rest under that belief until we have certain evidence to the contrary. The continued rapid fall of the Mississippi, if it proceeds so far as to close the entrance into Old River, would be our best guarantee. The dispositions with regard to your wagons and surplus baggage, mentioned in my letter of yesterday, must be modified by you on any intelligence you receive of a positive character of the Mobile expedition. I am very anxious to place our troops on the Mississippi as soon as it can be done with safety, both to annoy the enemy and of the purpose of forage. In addition, I feel confident Plaquemine can be attacked with success if done within a short period, or before the fort is completed. There are but 600 men there, with four guns, and very negligent guard kept. Scurry can take the place with 500 picked men. By moving down the west bank of the Atchafalaya the movement could be concealed by night marches and taking swamp roads. The capture of this place with its garrison and stores would be of immense service to our cause at this time, and is worth any hazard if there be a remote chance of success. scurry will do it if possible if you lay out the plan for him. Mouton's brigade marches to Lecompte to-day and Polignac is en route for the same point. He should have left Trinity this morning. There must be some mistake about Weitzel. He was ordered to report to Butler, and his arrival at Fortress Monroe was announced some time since. should the enemy attempt nothing but a cavalry raid we should be able to punish that without much difficulty. Your observations about the traverse for the water batteries are well considered. They must be made, by all means, and very strong, otherwise the guns could not be served in the event of a land attack. Artillery fire from the direction you mention would drive every man from them. The river here is on a stand and will probably commence falling to-day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

