
[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The inclosed copies will furnish the latest information of enemy's movements. Colonel Vincent's last dispatch of the 11th reports no movement from Franklin, but every indication of an immediate advance. By reference to a former communication it will appear that I anticipated co-operation by Sherman if Banks advanced with his principal force from Berwick Bay, but I suppose Banks, on the on line, would have moved first, and his movement would indicate the other. I also harped, rather than expected, that Sher- man's movement would be north of Red River, as the move by Simsport was the one most apprehended. Polignac's command will not reach here until this evening. Every effort has been made to hurry him on, but distances are fixed facts and require time to overcome. I hope to have everything here-sick, stores, &amp;c.-mobilized by tonight. Three boats are at De Russy to bring off negroes, tools, &c., at the last moment. Directions have been given to labor on the works to the last moment. Directions have been given to labor on the works to the last possible moment. An ample supply of provisions is in the fort, and all the ammunition we have suited to the guns. The loss of the material and garrison, should the fort not be able to hold out, will be severe; but having committed ourselves to the defense of that point we must take the risk. The river has commenced falling here slightly, and should the fall continue Alexandria will probably be the limit of the enemy's advance. Certainly it is extremely improbable that Sherman can delay here any considerable time. Before leaving here I will probably receive something more definite from General Walker and Major Douglas, who is at the fort. We will fight the enemy, of course, if there be only remote chance of success. Very full instructions have been sent to General Liddell and Colonel Vincent, and I hope to get away from this to-morrow morning for the De Glaize.

If we can fight the Simsport column at all, the sooner the better, before the movement form the Teche becomes embarrassing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 13, 1864.

Major DOUGLAS,

Chief Engineer Trans-Mississippi Department:

MAJOR: The late news from Simsport seems to indicate an advance of the enemy in that direction. Nothing from the Teche for two days, so that we cannot look for a movement thence for the moment. It is to be hoped you found the defenses in a sufficiently advanced state to insure their completion within a few hours. For the defense of the hill work the siege guns are now disposable, all the heavy guns on the river having reported for action. There is but little danger to be apprehended from the river. The works will successfully resist a move from boat attack. The land approach is

