
the dangerous one, but I don not believe the enemy can undertake a siege. If the port can resist a coup, I feel more confidence in relieving it. You will please report to me in full the condition of the defenses and your views. General Walker informs me he has directed the Countess to remain as long as possible. This, with the Dixie, should bring off negroes, tools, and property. The Frolic goes down to-night, and can also be used for the same purpose if necessary. I shall remain here until further developments, as there is much uncertainly of the extent of the enemy's movement.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria March 13, 1864-10 p. m.

Major H. T. DOUGLAS,Chief Engineer Trans-Mississippi Department:

MAJOR: Dispatches just received from General Walker announce a largely superior force of the enemy in his front at Moreauville. He fears much that the fort is not tenable. I have written that the delay of the enemy, even for a few days, will be of incalculable advantage to the country, and the place must be held if able to resist a coup. The Frolic takes down some provisions, which should not be placed in the fort if the supply on hand is sufficient to feed the garrison the time it can possibly hold out, or until I can relieve it if invested. Heavy re-enforcements are on their way to join me, and if the fort can sustain itself for a few days and keep back the gunboats, all will be well. The Frolic, with the two boats there, can bring off everything not needed at the fort. Tell Colonel Byrd, for me, to arrange with the couriers to preserve communication with this point as long as possible.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 13, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Colonel HENRY GRAY,Commanding Mouton's Brigade:

COLONEL: You will hold your brigade in readiness to move at a moment's notice. Should you receive orders to march it will be in the direction of Evergreen by way of the Huffpower. Major Nugent, chief quartermaster Mouton's division, has been directed to start to you immediately the number of wagons necessary to transport your rations and cooking utensils. The wagons will carry corn from here. It is supposed that in the event of your marching you will not care to be encumbered with much baggage.

By command of Major-General Taylor:

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

