
These guns were all mounted and fully equipped for service, and provided on an average with over 100 rounds per gun, the exact and detailed report of which is not given for want of access to the data of my office.

Enfield rifle cartridges .................................60,000

Extra caps ...............................................10,000

J. L. BRENT,

Chief of Art. and Ord., Dist. of West Louisiana.

MANSFIELD, April 14, 1864.

[Inclosure G.]

SHREVEPORT, March 7, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Houston:

I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say the division of General Green, concerning which you were telegraphed on the 5th instant, must be hurried off as soon as possible. It should be in Alexandria in ten days.

Respectfully,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the field, near Natchitoches, April 24, 1864.

COLONEL: Yesterday General Wharton pursued the enemy to Cloutierville, where he attempted to make a stand. Wharton finally drove him 1 1\2 miles from his hastily constructed works. General Emory, of the Federals, is believed to have fallen in the fight. The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps were the troops engaged. we had some killed and many wounded. This morning Polignac's division is up, and will re-enforce wharton. Bee, with four brigades and three batteries, holds Monett's Ferry, in Banks' front, and up to midday yesterday repulsed the enemy's efforts to force a passage. Banks' whole force is on this side of Red River, that portion on the east bank having recrossed at Grand Ecore on the 21st. I have the road to Beasley's strongly guarded, and Liddell has been directed to occupy the river bank opposite the month of Cane River. If my orders are well carried out the enemy must suffer before he gets away. Banks has some 15,000 with him; the others have gone down in boats. The enemy burned immense stores in Grand Ecore, and threw much in the river which we will recover. He was burning property all last night, the fires lighting the horizon. I think he will try and escape by crossing at Calhoun's, but Liddell should impede him much, while Wharton and Polignac worry his rear. Send me hospital surgeons, &amp;c., as I expect to fight the enemy every day as long as I can get at him. We must either capture or force him to destroy the immense fleet he has above the falls. The enemy had very heavy works at Grand Ecore; 3 miles of sand-bags. I am saving these to fill with shelled corn. Let the boats bringing corn to me take negroes to commence shelling. when the boats reach Grand Ecore the bags can be filled while the boat goes down to Cotile. I must have shelled corn to enable me to operate below. Let the

