
negroes be procured at once. Energy in sending down subsistence and forage by boats is demanded by the exigencies of the service. Inform me why the order I gave to impress horses in Shreveport was countermanded, and by whom. An important part of Faries' battery is thereby prevented from joining me. No one but the general commanding the department had a right to issue an order to prevent the execution of impressment positively directed by me.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Monett's Ferry, April 24, 1864.

COLONEL: This morning wharton commenced on the enemy at 3 a. m. by firing on his camp with artillery. His rear guard was 4 miles below Cloutierville. The fighting was brisk until 2 p. m., when the enemy crossed Monett's and escaped toward Alexandria. Bank's entire force has been before me for the last three days, and has been driven with heavy loss by Parsons' brigade with Barnes' battery. Polignac got to Monett's just as the enemy crossed his last troops. The force used against us was very large and of all arms, and it is difficult to estimate the importance of the service rendered by Wharton, Steele, and Parsons. The gallantry and pluck they exhibited in fighting such odds for three days is beyond praise. Parsons displayed great courage and has the entire confidence of his brigade. He should be promoted at once, as Steele commands a division. The service would be benefited. On the 21st (the day before the enemy left Natchitoches and Grand Ecore), Bee was in position at Monett's Ferry with Major's, Bagby's, Debray's, and Terrel's brigades of cavalry and McMahan's. Moseley's, J. A. A. West's, and Nettles' batteries. The importance of holding the position to the last extremity had been impressed upon General Bee both by Major-General Wharton and myself. The movement of the enemy on the night and morning of the 21st and 22nd (the date of my arrival at Natchitoches) rendered communication with General Bee difficult, it being necessary to pass around the enemy via Beasley's and Carroll Jones', a distance of 56 miles. The head of the enemy's column reached Bee's front about 2 p. m. of the 23rd, when he allowed the enemy to outmaneuver him and force him back. During the 22nd and 23rd, the sound of our guns at Monet's Ferry and in the rear of the enemy was mutually heard by Wharton and Bee. The enemy experienced very heavy loss in forcing Monett's Ferry, and destroyed a large number of his wagons on the night of the 2nd. Bee's errors were, first, in sending back Terrell's entire brigade to Beasley's to look after a subsistence train, for the safety of which I had amply provided; second, in taking no steps to increase artificially the strength of his position; third, in massing his troops in the center, naturally the strongest part of his position and where the enemy were certain not to make any decided effort, instead of toward the lakes on which his two flanks rested; fourth, in this, that when he was forced back he retired his whole force 30 miles to Beasley's, instead of attacking vig-

