
orously the enemy's column while marching 13 miles to Cotile through a dense pine woods, encumbered with trains and artillery and utterly demoralized by the vigorous attacks of Wharton in the rear. He displayed great personal gallantry, but no generalship. My unfortunate trip to Shreveport and the loss of Walker's division have assuredly saved Banks' army from utter destruction. Bee has been got back to-night to Carroll Jones', and I press on to Alexandria to-morrow. The destruction of this country by the enemy exceeds anything in history. For many miles every dwelling-house, every negro cabin, every cotton-gin, every corn-crib, and even chicken-houses have been burned to the ground; every fence torn down and the fields torn up by the hoofs of horses and wheels of wagons. Many hundreds of persons are utterly without shelter. But for our prompt attacks Natchitoches would have been burned to the ground, and also the little village of Cloutierville, both of them having been fired in several places.

I trust every effort will be made to push forward supplies by boat, both of subsistence and forage, with the least possible delay, and that no change may be made in the last orders sent to General Walker to join me as promptly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Near Monett's Ferry, April 25, 1864.

COLONEL: The enemy's fleet of gun-boats and transports, numbering in all about fifty, is crowded in the river above the falls. I shall endeavor to inflict all the damage possible upon the fleet, and shall construct fire rafts and float them down the river. Great damage, however, can probably be done by loading a light-draught steamer with combustible material and firing her a short distance above the fleet. If such a boat can be spared and loaded at once with combustibles at Shreveport, and put in charge of proper persons whom Captain McCloskey and Captain Pierce can select and recommend, I hope you will send her to me. With skiffs to take off the officers and crew the boat can be brought near the enemy, and they can leave their boat when she is set on fire and within proper distance.

Very respectfully,R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, April 25, 1864.

COLONEL: The enemy has been driven to-day to Alexandria, taking the river road, his rear protected by a small gun-boats. A force of cavalry and artillery will be pushed to Fort De Russy to cut off his

