
Bluff. The gun-boat soon got tired and ran in directly under the bluff, so as to prevent our guns reaching her. Three other boats came up at dark to her assistance. As our guns there were too light to effect much I left sharpshooters to keep up the fire until Cornay's and Barnes' 12-pounders can be placed there. We lost 2 killed and several wounded. Should the two siege guns from Shreveport ever reach me the business of the gun-boats will be soon settled. I omitted to mention that the iron-clad destroyed by the enemy at Montgomery blocks the channel. Should the engineers succeed in removing the Falls City, I request they come down to Montgomery and open the channel there. General Liddell is opposite to me. On the 24th, at the head of a portion of his command, he dashed into Pineville, opposite Alexandria, killed 8 of the enemy, wounded and captured others, and drove the remainder into and across the river. He then opened on the gun-boats at the landing and stampeded the place.

My dispositions for the day are to drive the enemy behind his works around Alexandria, occupy both the Rapides and Boeuf Valleys with my cavalry, and keep up a constant fight with the gun-boats, following them with sharpshooters and killing every man who exposes himself on them. I do not wish to exhaust the ammunition of my field guns on the gun-boats. Polignac's division of infantry (2,000 bayonets) will be at McNutt's Hill. A brigade of cavarly has been pushed to David's Ferry, near Narksville, with a battery to block the enemy's communications. A squadron has pushed on to Simsport to prevent the escape of negroes and other property in that direction. Perhaps we may capture a pontoon there, very much needed by me. The cavalry sent to the Teche has cleared the country west of Berwick Bay. Vincent has been ordered to send small parties to burn the bridges on the railroad east of the bay and move his main body at once to Marksville and Simsport. I trust the above will meet the approval of department headquarters. When my limited meas are considered I hope it will be admitted that no time has been lost since I resumed the command in front on the morning of the 22nd instant. I beg to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 18, congratulating the army under my command on the late success at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill. This is the only instance within my recollection in which the officer commanding an army was entirely ignored in an order of the kind. I note this because it is singular in itself and in keeping with the treatment I have lately experienced from the general commanding this department. Whatever place my name is destined to occupy in the golden book of the Republic I expect to engrave it there with the point of my sword. I regret to report that my health is not good. A low fever has much prostrated me, but I have been able to keep the saddle. The general commanding the department may rest assured that I will persevere to the end. No injustice, noun kindness, even from a quarter whence I had some reason to expect the reverse, will turn me from the great work before me. The cause for which I have sacrificed fortune is paramount, and shall have my life if need be.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

