HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, Monett's Ferry, April 27, 1864.

COLONEL: Referring to my communication of this morning, I have now the honor to report the capture of another large transport at the junction of Cane and Red Rivers and the clearance of gun-boats in the Red River as far down as Cotile. We suffered no loss in the engagement to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Shreveport.

The iron-clad blown up by the enemy yesterday is ascertained to to have been the Eastport. She had a small transport lashed to her, which was destroyed with her. Two very fine pumps had been removed from her to the captured transports, and will prove useful in some of the departments at Shreveport. I shall leave a small guard to protect them until your order them up.

Respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, april 29, 1864.

On yesterday the fighting commenced at dawn and continued until night. The enemy steadily driven all day; some prisoners taken. His rear 3 1\2 miles from Alexandria on the Rapides road. I am trying to convert one of the captured transports into a fire-ship to burn the fleet now crowded above the upper falls. Enemy working hard moving stores below the falls. River below difficult to navigate.

Your obedient servant,R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, near Alexandria, May 2, 1864.

COLONEL: Yesterday morning the enemy attacked General Liddell above Pineville, on the north bank of Red River, and after a short action was repulsed with loss in killed and prisoners. A division of cavalry under Bagby, with a section of artillery, was ordered to attack on the Bayou Robert road at dawn. I have not received the report of their operations. General Steele was ordered to attack on the Rapides road an hour before dark in order to drive in pickets on the main body and connect with Bagby on the Robert road. He attacked and drove in the enemy to within 3 miles of town, but sent no report of his connection with Bagby. Major, with a division of cavalry and J. A. A. West's battery, is in position on Red River 30 miles below Alexandria, and has already captured aa valuable transport, which he destroyed instead of sinking in the channel as directed. I have a squadron at De Russy and one at Simsport. Captain Ratliff, a

