
scout whom I left on the Grossetete, has kept the enemy out of that whole country, driven them into Baton Rouge and Plaquemine, and burned 3,000 bales of cotton. I only left him 10 men, and he has recruited two strong companies from the enemy's lines. The cavalry sent to the Teche has returned, leaving a small party at Berwick Bay. Many jayhawkers were killed, much cotton en route to New Orleans taken, and the enemy driven across the bay with heavy loss in arms and stores destroyed in a hasty retreat. I have opened communication whit Lieutenant-General Polk and Brigadier General Tom Taylor, commanding forces in the rear of Port Hudson. From Vicksburg to New Orleans and Berwick Bay the enemy have stripped all troops, leaving weak negro garrisons. McPherson, with a portion of the Seventeenth Corps, has reached Cairo en route for Chattanooga. Gold on 13th at New York, 1.75. Boats with forage and subsistence have reached Cotile; also, pontoon under charge of Lieutenant Broaddus, an energetic officer. Much need of artillery horses, and request that those ordered may be pushed on without delay.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Last day's fighting on the Rapides road quite animated. Enemy left his dead on the field and lost his camp equipage. Among the prisoners taken was Major Owen, inspector of cavalry. Many houses were saved from burning by our troops; Mrs. Innis' sugar house among others, with 160 hogsheads of sugar and much molasses.

R. T.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, near Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

COLONEL: For two days past the fighting has been principally on the Bayou Robert road, between the Chambers plantation and Alexandria. Last evening the enemy was driven beyond Governor Moore's plantation. The force in Alexandria has been increased by one brigade from Matagorda, under McClernand. Banks has probably gone to New Orleans. Prisoners from the Matagorda brigade were taken yesterday. I have taken steps to intercept and beat any other troops from Texas. Among the prisoners taken by General Liddell is Captain Hall, assistant adjutant-general on General Banks' staff. This officer states positively that had we held the position at Monett's a few hours longer his army would have surrendered, and there are other evidences of the truth of this. The enemy is burning everything in his reach around Alexandria. Nothing has been heard of the ro-enforcements from General Magruder which he advised me were en route for the Sabine.

Your obedient servant,R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Mississippi Department.

