
The want of artillery horses presses heavily, and ammunition for Enfield rifles and artillery is running very short.

R. T.,

Major-General.

N. B.-There are nine gun-boats and one transport still above the falls, and the enemy working to get them over by damming.

R. T.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, May 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report brisk fighting yesterday on the Bayou Robert road, from 6 to 12 miles distant from Alexandria, in which the enemy showed considerable force. He has still nine gun-boats above the falls, and has sunk several boats below to act as a dam to deepen the water in the channel. On the evening of the 3rd, General Major captured near David's Ferry a transport having on board the One hundred and twentieth Ohio Regiment, coming up. Two hundred and seventy-odd prisoners were taken, among them all the regimental field officers, and many were killed and wounded. The boat was sunk across the channel of the river, and now effectually blocks it. In this fight a gun-boat and another transport were damaged and driven off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, near Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

COLONEL: The operations of yesterday were important. At daylight the enemy attacked our advance on the Rapides road 4 miles from Alexandria. His force consisted of some 3,000 or 4,000 infantry and two batteries. General Steele, with Parsons' and Carter's cavalry and Moseley's battery, contested every inch of ground (retiring 5 miles) from dawn until 5.30 p. m., when the enemy suddenly retreated toward Alexandria. Our loss was perhaps 50 killed and wounded; the enemy's greater, as he advanced across open fields against selected positions. Late in the evening a gun-boats stole up the river, expecting doubtless to destroy my supply-boats at Cotile, but these were removed up the river in the afternoon. At Chambers', on the Bayou Robert road, 11 miles from Alexandria, the fighting began at early dawn and was brisk and well sustained for several hours, when the enemy gave way and retreated toward Alexandria, with a brigade of cavalry in pursuit. The forces engaged on our part were Bee's division, consisting of Bagby's, and Vincent's cavalry brigades, with Nettles' and Benton's batteries. Full particulars not yet received. During the night of the 4th and 5th, Major's division, consisting of Hardeman's and Lane's brigades of cavalry, with J. A. A. West's battery, attacked near Fort De Russy

