
discontent among the troops, and a few hours must decide the great stake. Two good regiments of cavalry to re-enforce my little command on the north side of Red River would insure success. My best guns are being sent to the rear for want of ammunition, viz, 3-inch guns are being sent to the rear for want of ammunition, viz, 3-inch and 12-pounder. I presume there is no more to be had. The fleet at Alexandria consists of thirteen iron-clads, two tin-clads, and twenty-eight transports. This is the prize for which we have been playing, and the world will admit that our efforts have been worthy of success, even though they ultimately fail.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Mississippi Department.

P. S.-Forage and subsistence of every kind have been removed beyond the enemy's reach. Rigid orders are given to destroy anything useful that can fall his hands. We will play the game the Russians players in the retreat from Moscow.

R. T.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, near Alexandria, May 8, 1864.

COLONEL: On yesterday and the day before brisk skirmishing continued during the day on the Rapides road and some severe fighting on the Robert and Boeuf. I am swinging around on Paul's pine wood place as a pivot and massing everything on the boeuf and river below Alexandria. The main struggle is for the river-vital for the enemy. The Lamourie separates our lines on the Boeuf. After heavy cannonading for some hours the enemy advanced on our line. His attack threw both our flanks into some confusion, when Bagby led a charge on the center and drove him across the Lamourie. Our line occupied the scene of fighting and slept last night on their arms. Polignac commanded on the field. Prisoners captured were of the Seventeenth Corps, some of the Vicksburg troops. The gun-boats captured below were the Signal and Covington, each mounting eight guns. We have recovered the guns of one boat and will eventually recover the others. In this connection I have been informed the guns of the Eastport are in the river near Montgomery. Perhaps they may be valuable. I renew my appeal for artillery horses and ammunition. For sixteen successive days fighting has been continuous. Under these circumstances men and material must be consumed.

Your obedient servant,R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Mississippi Department.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Lecompte, May 10, 1864.

COLONEL: On yesterday some skirmishing took place on the Rapides road some 5 miles from Alexandria. Our position on the river was much strengthened at Wilson's and Fort De Russy. At the

