
received the final surrender of their old antagonist at Appomattox Court-House, Va. The splendid achievements of each have nationalized our victories, removed all sectional jealousies (of which we have unfortunately experienced too much), and the cause of crimination and recrimination that might have followed had either section failed in its duty. All have a proud record, and all sections can well congratulate themselves and each other for having done their full share in restoring the supremacy of law over every foot of territory belonging to the United States. Let them hope for perpetual peace and harmony with that enemy, whose manhood, however mistaken the cause, drew forth such herculean deeds of valor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

JANUARY 1-30, 1864.- Operations in Northeastern Arkansas, including skirmishes at Lunenburg, Sylamore, and on Sylamore Creek.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Nebraska Cavalry, of scout from Bateville, January 23-30.

Numbers 3.-Captain Samuel E. Turner, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmish on Sylamore Creek, and including operations January 16-February 6.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark. January 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that since my last letter, under date December 31, 1863, I have kept the enemy constantly harassed. So effectually has this been done so far that not one of my pickets or foraging parties has been disturbed since my arrival here. Numerous scouting parties have been sent out in every direction, wherever the enemy was reported to be, and we have invariably succeeded in demoralizing them.

Lieutenant-colonel Baumer's expedition after Freeman, which I mentioned in mine of December 31, 1863, was a failure by reason of the extraordinary cold weather, some 60 men of his command having been more or less frost-bitten, and all of them so numbed by the cold while riding that they could not use their arms. He wisely returned and I refer you to his report* herewith transmitted, for other particulars.

On the 13th instant I sent expedition out under Captain Majors, which capturing a very interesting mail from Saint Louis to the Confederates under General Price. The letters therein will convict

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

