
beat back several times the head of his column as it attempted to debouche on the high ground of the Marksville Prairie from the Choctaw Swamp. Heavy loss was inflicted on the enemy, Bagby skillfully masking his artillery and using it at short range. Late in the evening the enemy turned the position by bringing up his masses, and we fell back to Mansure, Marksville being occupied by him during the night. At early dawn this morning skirmishing began along our line, of which Mansure was the center, Bagby and Major, whit nineteen pieces of artillery, holding the right, and Polignac, re-enforced by two regiments of cavalry under Debray, the left, with thirteen pieces of artillery, including two 30-pounder Parrotts. the broad, open prairie, smooth as a billiard table, afforded an admirable field for artillery practice, and most of our guns were 3-inch rifle and 10-pounder Parrotts captured from the enemy. About 6 a. m. the action became general, the enemy bringing up masses of infantry with several batteries. Several attempts to turn our right were signally repulsed, as were the efforts to advance on our center. At 10 a. m. long lines of infantry commenced demonstrations on our left, the pivot of the position, our trains being behind that flank near Evergreen. This rendered the position dangerous, as the enemy had probably 16,000 men on the field, and perhaps more. Our men withdrew with the steadiness of veterans on parade, and the road to Simsport was left open to the foe. Our artillery was most admirably served, and told heavily on the long lines and heavy columns of the enemy, while our short, thin line offered a small mark. As soon as the enemy, while our short, thin line offered a small mark. As soon as the enemy resumed his retreat a division of cavalry was sent to attack him at the Moreauville Cut-off, while the remainder of my little force harassed his rear and flank. I have some men in a good position on the east bank of the Atchafalaya to impede the passage of that stream and inflict loss on the fleeing foe. No report from Colonel Harrison for two days, but as he has had excellent opportunities of worrying the fleet I hope to have a good account of him. The campaign here will close to-morrow, when I will await for a day or two the decision of department headquarters on my suggestion of a Missouri movement. Not hearing, I will order down Walker's division, throw myself into the La Fourche, confine the enemy to New Orleans, and close the navigation of the Mississippi.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Mississippi Department.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, May 18, 1864.

COLONEL: Yesterday was a hard day for the enemy. Early in the morning his rear was vigorously attacked and driven by General Wharton below Mansura. Between Mansure and Moreauville Debray was ambushed in a wood some 600 yards from the road whit two regiments and a battery. As the enemy formed heavy line to resist Wharton, Debray opened, enfilading their line. Many were killed and wounded, and Wharton, Debray opened, enfilading their line. Many were killed and wounded, and Wharton's charge captured a good many prisoners. At the same time, Colonel Yager, with his own and the

38 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

