
ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST LOUISIANA, Numbers -. Mansfield, La., April 11, 1864.

Soldiers of the Army of West Louisiana:

At last have your patience and your devotion been rewarded. Condemned for many days to retreat before an overwhelming force, as soon as your re-enforcements reached you turned upon the foe. No language but that of simple narrative should recount your deeds. On April 8, you fought the battle of Mansfield. Never in war was a more complete victory won. Attacking the enemy with the utmost alacrity when the order was given, the result was not for a moment doubtful. The enemy was driven from every position, his artillery captured, his men routed. In vain were fresh troops brought up. Your magnificent line, like a resistless wave, swept everything before it. Night alone stopped your advance. Twenty-one pieces of artillery, 2,500 prisoners, many stand of colors, 250 wagons attest your success over the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps. On the 9th, you took up the pursuit and pressed it with vigor. For 12 miles prisoners, scattered arms, burning wagons proved how well the previous day's work had been done by the soldiers of Texas and Louisiana. The gallant division from Missouri and Arkansas (unfortunately absent on the 8th) marched 45 miles in two days to shape the glories of Pleasant Hill. This was emphatically the soldier's victory. In spite of the strength of the enemy's position, held by fresh troops of the Sixteenth Corps, your valor and devotion triumphed over all. Darkness closed one of the hottest fight of the war. The morning of the 10th dawned upon a fleeing foe, whit our cavalry in pursuit, capturing prisoners at every step. These glorious victories were most dearly won. A list of the heroic dead would sadden the sternest heart. A visit to the hospitals would move the sympathy of the most unfeeling. The memory of our dead will live as long as noble deeds are cherished on earth. The consciousness of duty well performed will alleviate the sufferings of the wounded. Soldiers! from a thousand homes thanks will ascend to the God of battles for your victories. Tender wives and fond mothers will repose in safety behind the breast-works of your valor. No fears will be felt that the hated foe will desecrate their homes by his presence. This is your reward; but much remains to be done. Strict discipline, prompt obedience to orders, cheerful endurance of privations, will alone insure our independence.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Numbers -. In the Field, April 26, 1864.

The major-general commanding desired to express to the army his appreciation of the distinguished courage and energy displayed by Major-General Wharton while in pursuit of the enemy on the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th instant. In daring, in vigor, and in soldiership the operations of these three days will compare favorably with any of the war. Coming to us with crown adorned with the laurels of

