
many a hard-fought field, Major-General Wharton takes place at once in the front rank of Texas leaders. The major-general commanding is gratified to learn that Brigadier-General Steele, Colonel Parsons, Captain Barnes, Barnes' battery, and their officers and men have deserved the commendations of General Wharton.

By command of Major-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Numbers 11.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to Major General Richard Taylor and the officers and men of his command.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby most cordially tendered, to Major General Richard Taylor, and the officers and men of his command, for the brilliant successes obtained by them over the enemy in Louisiana during the past year, and particularly for the victories at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill, on the 8th and 9th of April last, and their subsequent operations against the retreating army of the Federal General Banks, in the valley of the Red River.

Resolved, That the President communicate this resolution to Major-General Taylor and the officers and men of his command.

Approved June 10, 1864.

Numbers 96. Reports of Major General John G. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations March 12-19.
HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S DIVISION, Marksville, March 12, 1864-7 p. m.

GENERAL: Captain McNelly has just reached here from simsport, and reports that the enemy had six gun-boats and two transports at Simsport, and that they were landing troops when he left, about an hour by sun this evening. He says that the pickets above Simsport reported that the entire fleet of gun-boats and a large number of transports were coming down the Atchafalaya when he left. This is doubtless sherman's force from Vicksburg, as they certainly did not come up the Mississippi. I shall move down at daylight in the morning with Randal's and Hawes' brigades to support Scurry, who is in position on Yellow Bayou. That position, however, is untenable, as it can be turned in this low stage of water. I am embarrassed to know how to cover Fort De Russy, as against such a force as the enemy evidently has it would be extremely hazardous to risk an engagement on this island around Marksville, out of which there is no egress except by the bridge over Bayou Du Lac. I shall retain the steam-boat countess here to carry off whatever may be necessary to move, and send her off at the last moment that it will be safe for her to remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana.

