
Louisiana Cavalry and a portion of Faulkner's company, whom I dispatched at once toward Marksville and Mansura to gain information. From the latter direction I learned that the enemy's forces were under the command of Major General A. J. Smith, and was a portion of Sherman's late Mississippi expedition, and that their force was about 15,000 infantry, with a large park of artillery. From the direction of Marksville, I learned that the enemy's column reached Marksville about 3 o'clock, and that a column of about 4,000 men pushed directly through to Fort de Russy, while the greater portion of the command halted in the immediate vicinity of the village. Later I learned that the fort was invested about 4 p. m., and that a fierce musket and artillery fire was kept up until about sundown, when it ceased, and from the shout of the enemy it was supposed the fort then surrendered.

Up to this time I was in hopes that the holding out of the fort for a day or two would enable me to be re-enforced by Mouton's and Polignac's brigades, when we could have attacked the covering force of the enemy at Marksville, and perhaps raised the siege of Fort De Russy, although even with this re-enforcement the superiority of the enemy would have been too great to give more than the faintest hope of success. Being now satisfied, however, that Fort De Russy had surrendered, it became a matter of the utmost importance for my command to reach the Natchitoches road at this point in advance of the enemy, or otherwise we would necessarily be thrown back into the desert between the Calcasieu and Sabine, when the only escape from starvation would be a hasty retreat into Texas by way of Niblett's Bluff. The enemy, having now the control of the river, could re-embark his forces, and removing them rapidly to Alexandria could reach this point by a march of 30 miles, whereas my division, being compelled to make a long detour through the pine woods, could not reach this point in less than four or five days of ordinary marching, it being over 75 miles. Under these circumstances I thought it my duty to take up my line of march at once without awaiting instructions, which I did about 10 p. m. on the 14th, and on the next morning arrived at Lloyd'd Bridge with my whole force, including Mouton's brigade, commanded by Colonel Gray, which I found encamped on the Huffpower, 19 miles south of Fort De Russy, under orders to re-enforce my division.

I was informed by Colonel Gray that he received the order to march to my assistance at 5 p. m. on the 13th, but too late to march that day, having had no previous intimation to be in readiness.

I would respectfully ask the attention of the major-general commanding to these facts and dates, inasmuch as there seems to have been some unaccountable delay, since the information in regard to the landing of the enemy in force reached you headquarters during the night of the 12th, and were acknowledged at 6 o'clock on the next morning, and yet Mouton's brigade received no orders to march until 5 o'clock on the 13th, and did not march until 5 a. m. on the 14th.

Since reaching this camp two officers (Captain Adams, of the Twenty-eighth Texas Cavalry, dismounted, and Lieutenant Jennings, of the Thirteenth Texas Cavalry, dismounted), who formed a portion of the garrison at Fort De Russy, have come in, bringing in 21 men, with their arms and accouterments. They represent that the fort was attacked from the direction of Marksville about 4 p. m. on the 14th; that the enemy planted batteries at three or four points

