
and soon rendered the water battery (where they were) untenable; that but one of the guns in the water battery could be trailed upon the enemy, and from which but one shot was fired, and that was from the 32-pounder rifle; that in consequence of the heavy artillery fire into the rear of the water battery they were forced into the excavations in front of the parapet, where they remained for some time, until it became apparent that they could do nothing and that in a few minutes they would be surrounded and captured. Under such circumstances Captain Adams, the ranking officer left (Captain Hutton, who had command of the work having disappeared early into the action), concluded to withdraw the men and endeavor to make his escape. All cam out, including Captain Hutton's own company, but they threw away their arms and one by one disappeared, and, as Captain Adams supposed, returned to their homes. In striking contrast to this disgraceful conduct of Captain Hutton and his company, it is with great pleasure I record the gallant and noble conduct of a detachment of 9 men belonging to Captain King's company. Captain King, with the principal part of his company, was in the upper work, and this detachment, under Lieutenant Brooke, was sent to man one of the guns in the water battery. When it was proposed by the men here to make their escape, as they could do nothing, these 9 men declared their purpose of going into the upper fort to assist their comrades and share their fate, and amid a heavy fire of artillery and musketry set out with Lieutenant Brooke to carry out their design. Their fate is unknown, but such honorable and noble conduct deserves to be recorded.

I find upon examining the post returns of the fort, deducting those known to have escaped, that our loss does not exceed 205 enlisted men and 24 commissioned officers. The loss in material,especially in guns, is very heavy and perhaps irreparable. I succeeded, however, in saving two siege guns, a 24-pounder and a 30-pounder Parrott rifle, sent off early on the morning of the 14th. The only loss of material sustained by my division was 2 wagons and teams captured by the enemy from General Scurry's brigade while between Moreauville and Simsport.

In accounting for the disaster at Fort De Russy it is unnecessary to look to other causes than the overwhelming superiority of the enemy's force; but even with this disadvantage Fort De Russy might have been held for some days, perhaps, without relief from the outside, but for the vicious system of engineering adopted and the wretched judgment displayed in the selection of the position.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major E. SURGET,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of West La.

Numbers 97. Report of Brigadier General Mosby M. Parsons, C. S. Army, commanding division, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HEADQUARTERS PARSONS' DIVISION,Camp near Mansfield, La., April 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report thorough you to Brigadier-General Churchill, commanding the Missouri and Arkansas

