
back upon the town, some of my troops of Burns' brigade pursuing them into the town.

While the action was thus going on the enemy had formed a line of battle (numbered 7 in the sketch) on my left and on the road, and debouching from the timber on my right in line of battle (Numbers 8), attacked me on both flanks in heavy force and threatened the annihilation of my gallant but far inferior command. All that could possibly save it from destruction was a speedy retreat, which was well accomplished until arriving in the timber near the line of formation (No 2) above cited. Some disorder arose from the fact that the timber and endure grown the was so dense as to render it impossible for the troops to see each other and thus restore mutual confidence. Officers of every grade, however, did their utmost to dispel the disorder, and finally succeeded in withdrawing their commands from under the fire of the enemy.

It was now sunset, the battle was ended, and I withdrew my command from the field. I deem it due to the officers and soldiers of my command to state that this charge of nearly 700 yards over open ground, and against two lines of the enemy drawn up and protected in the most favorable positions, was the most brilliant feat that I have witnessed during the present war, and could they have been sustained in their charge the enemy would have been routed entirely from all my part of the field. I am under obligations to Colonel Hardeman and his gallant band of Texas for their heroes efforts to prevent the enemy from finally flanking my right. Heavy masses alone prevented their success. My losses are as follows: Killed, 32; wounded, 235; missing, 51.*

I am pleased to recommend to the favorable notice of the commanding general the skill, intrepidity, and daring of Colonel John B. Clark and Colonel S. P. Burns, commanding First and Second Brigades of my division.

I am indebted to Major Maclean, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Kelly, assistant inspector-general; Captain A. M. Standish, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant J. F. Edwards for their gallant and meritorious support on the field. While bearing an order Captain Standish was severely wounded in the left hand, and by my direction left the field.

Major Monroe, quartermaster, and Major Tracy, commissary of subsistence, are entitled to the thanks of the officers and soldiers for their promptness in furnishing transportation and supplies whenever necessary for the troops.

Dr. T. D. Woooten, chief surgeon of division, was promptly at this post, and was caring for the wounded with his usual vigilance and benevolent kindness.

For more particular details of this action and gallant bearing of other officers I respectfully refer to the official reports of Colonels Clark and Burns, herewith submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. PARSONS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. H. SEVIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see compilation from nominal lists following.

---------------

