
march of the large army under General Banks was so delayed as to consume seven hours in a march of as many miles, and gave General Taylor time to prepare for the battle of Mansfield. On arriving at the open fields my work of skirmishing and delay was done, and I was assigned to the right of the line of battle then formed in the fields.

At 4 p. m. General J. G. Walker moved up his division of infantry, my cavalry covering his right, but being in the timber my progress was slow, and not until after the infantry had captured the wagon train and 21 pieces of artillery did I succeed in disentangling myself from the swamps and morasses. Then, moving rapidly, crossed the Seven-Mile Creek, following up what was reported to Corps of the Federal army, who, not having come up in time to take parting the action of Mansfield, was now fresh and well posted on the crest of the hill surmounting the creek. Owing to the road being blocked by the captured train, our troops of the different arms became intermingled, but imbed by the proper spirit, acting as one organization, infantry and dismounted cavalry charged the enemy's line and maintained their ground until night put an end to the most severe action of the day. As it was fought by our troops when scattered and disorganized, by a decided and complete victory over the cavalry corps and Thirteenth Army Corps of the Federals, and against a fresh and solid column of 10,000 men, commanded by General Emory, and the battle of the Peach Orchard being a separate and district action from Mansfield, proved the steadiness of our soldiers. On the part of the line on which I acted I received the gallant support of Colonel Randal, commanding brigade, and Colonel Edward Clark, commanding regiment, both of Walker's division, as well as the officers of the cavalry corps, intermingled without original brigade or regimental formation. Captain Lane, of Debray's regiment, with his company, gallantly charged the enemy's line to draw their fire, preparatory to a combined charge by our infantry, with loss, I regret to say of Lieutenant Willis killed and a third of his company destroyed. Captain Borden, of Buchel's regiment, was most severely wounded. Major McNeil, of my personal staff, had his horse killed,and our casualties were heavy, but the particulars are inaccessible to me.

At daylight of the 9th, I was ordered to pursue the enemy, who had retreated during the night. This was done with rapidity for 15 miles, capturing many prisoners (stragglers), and the whole extent of the road marked with burning wagons and ambulances, arms thrown away, property abandoned, and every evidence of panic and disorder. At 9 o'clock, Colonel Madison's regiment of cavalry being in the advance, the enemy was encountered in line of battle across the fields in front of the village of Pleasant Hill. The strong front presented by what was supposed to be aroused and retreating army rendered it prudent to reconnoiter the extent of this line before ordering a charge, and Colonel Buchel on my left, and Colonel Hardeman on the right, were dispatched to ascertain how far in to the timber and beyond sight the line extended. Colonel Buchel soon reported that their right rested on a deep ravine a short distance in the timber, but Colonel Hardeman reported the line extended for a mile into the timber on their left. I had not reconvened from my surprise at this extraordinary show of force on the part of the enemy after the occurrences of the previous day and the

