
At 10 p. m. General Taylor ordered me to return to the battle-field, not more than 1,000 yards from where we were, and picket up to the enemy's line, and with General Smith returned to Mansfield. This I did with four companies of Buchel's regiment, established myself at the point which I had held at dark, and sent out pickets, who in a few moments commenced firing, showing that the enemy had not advanced a step. The fire soon ceased and the time passed without alarm, but with noise confusion, and moving of wagons, until minding, when all was still.

At dawn of day the pickets, advancing cautiously, found themselves in the abandoned lines of the enemy, and before sunrise I was in the house at Pleasant Hill that General Banks occupied at 8 o'clock the previous night, at which time he commenced his retreat to Natchitoches. All of this was at once dispatched to General Taylor. So soon as the cavalry, who had been sent back several miles for water the night before, could be brought up a strong force under Colonel Yager (now in command of Buchel's regiment) was sent in pursuit, which went about 20 miles to the Double Bridges, noting burning wagons and destroyed material of war, but as the bridges had been burnt he was compelled to return with about 100 prisoners (stragglers) and report these facts.

I have the honor to report that at daylight I was in possession of the battle-field of Pleasant Hill, with all the dead and wounded of the Federal army, who, with precipitation and haste, so soon as dark enabled them to do so, retreated, leaving uncared for both their dead and wounded of all ranks. Several surgeons of the Federal army reported to me soon after I reached Pleasant Hill as having been left by order of General Banks to care for their wounded, and awaited my commands, which it gave me pleasure to signify to them was that they continue their duties, offering all assistance in my power, until the superior orders of General Taylor could be ascertained. The day has been passed unbarring the dead of both armies and caring for the Federal wounded, our own wounded having been cared for the night before.

It is proper to add that in riding along the enemy's line of battle, plainly marked by the temporary entrenchments thrown up by them and from behind which they fought, I found 4 officers of an Iowa regiment-1 a field officer, dead, the others wounded-who had lain on the field all night. It gave me pleasure, as it was my duty, to relieve their situation and have them cared for. These facts, thus hurriedly stated, will convey to General Green the confusion and disorder of the Federal army, who in their haste to retreat left their own wounded within their own lines without effort to relieve them. It shows that the battle of Pleasant Hill was as decided a victory for the Confederate arms as was Mansfield of the previous day; that the same troops, exhausted and reduced by the severe battle of the previous day, had attacked a fresh and powerful force entrenched on their on position, and had compelled it ignominiously to retreat under the cover of the night. It also shows that he boasted invasion of Texas has been effectually defeated and driven back to the shelter of their run-boats on Red River.

It is proper to bear testimony to the gallant and useful services rendered me by Major Mechling, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. R. Tarver, aide-de-camp; John B. Waters, volunteer aide; Major George W. McNeil, aide-de-camp; Colonel George W. Chilton, ordnance

39 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

