
deserters from Price's army, I am satisfied that General Price either fears an attack from General Steele or he meditates one. The whole object of the Confederate officers seems to be to get to Price's army with their commands.

My belief is that the numerous guerrilla bands who have consorted with Freeman and McRae since the publication of my proclamation which they did to save their lives, will most refuse to go, and I shall have them left to fight after I drive the rest out. rumors are rife that Marmadue is coming up north of the Little Red River to help these conscripts through to Price's army. There are 300 men reported 40 miles from here, on the Search and Grand Glaize road, under McRae. I will attack them from three points next Thursday, and direct the officer in charge to telegraph the result to you. Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer is now with 200 men, trying to capture Freeman's forces. Will send dispatch as soon as I hear from him. I have 95,000 rations at the month of Black River but the roads are impassable and river too low to boat them up.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Lieutenant Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General Dept. of the Missouri.

BATESVILLE, ARKS., January 30, 1864.

I have just heard from an expedition sent out under Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer against Freeman's command. We killed 30, wounded a large number, captured 60 men, and a large, number of horses. Casualties on our side, 1 sergeant wounded slightly. The command of rebels was completely broken up and routed. Colonel Miscal Johnston and Captain Mason. C. S. Army (a nephew of Senator Mason), surrendered under my proclamation yesterday.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, January 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of Major-General Steele, that I have made two very successful attacks on the enemy in this neighborhood, one at Jacksonport and the other at Sylamore. At the first-named palace we captured about 60 prisoners, killing 16, and wounding a large number, without casualties on our side. At Sylamore we capture 40 men, 60 horses, a large number of arms, killing 12, and wounding many, with the wounding of 1 of our sergeants only. The attack on Jacksonport was made on the 19th, that a Sylamor on the 26th instant. There ought to be a force at Search, Ark. The conscript officers are untiring in their efforts to procure men. The enemy avoid engaging us, and seek only to get through the country to join Price, who either meditates an attack on Little Rock or fears one on his own forces. This I inter from the great energy displayed in his endeavors to increase

