
officer, all of my personal staff, and Major Thomas R. Franklin, quartermaster Debray's regiment, and to the brave constant, and faithful soldiers that I had the honor to command.

I will forward return of casualties so soon as they can be obtained.

Respectfully,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier General, C. S. Army, Commanding 1st Div., Green's Cav. Corps.

Major E. T. HART,

Adjt. General Green's Cav. Corps.
HDQRS. BEE'S DIVISION, WHARTON'S CAVALRY CORPS,Chamber's Plantation, Bayou Boeuf, La., May 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Upon the death of Major General Tom Green, at the battle of Blair's Landing, on April 14, 1864, by virtue of my rank, I succeeded to the command of Green's cavalry corps, and with it held the army of General Banks closely invested under the shelter of his gun-boats at Grand Ecore, on the Red River, captured every foraging party sent out, and effectually estopping any attempt to obtain supplies from the west side of the Red River. On the 19th April Major-General Polignac arrived and assumed command. On 21st, was ordered with my division of cavalry and one battery, by a route through the pine woods (thus avoiding the main road from Natchitoches to Alexandria), to place the battery in such position on the Red River as would prevent the passage of transports with supplies for the beleaguered and entrenched army at Grand Ecore. When I left the camp in front of Grand Ecore, the situation of the enemy was as it had been for ten weeks previous, quiet and inoffensive. The command struck the Red Rive, some 30 miles below Natchitoches, on the afternoon of the 22nd. The engineers examined the ground and selected a favorable position on he river, too lutein the day, however to establish the battery. The command was much exhausted by its constant service since the battle of Mansfield, and believing itself far distant from danger, sought to enjoy a much needed rest; but at 2 o'clock in the morning the advance pickets toward Natchitoches were driven in by a large fore of cavalry. With difficulty the torrid troops were aroused and line of battle formed to restrain this advance, while the train was sent to Monett's Ferry, some 6 miles below. As soon as daylight permitted, it was ascertained that the force of the enemy was large, and the division was retired to Monett's Ferry, and united with the command of General Major's division of cavalry, then in position at the crossing of Cane River.

It was not until the next day, the 23rd, that I realized that all of Banks' army was upon me in retreat to Alexandria. I had left it quiet at Grand Ecore, and up to that moment had considered it but a force to prevent my operations on the river. At once the importance of holding the position became apparent. From the hill above the ferry, affording an extended view of the surrounding country, the movement of the enemy were sent forward to feel the approaches. At 10 a. m. a large force crossed Cane River, 2 miles above the ferry, and moved down on my left. Another column passed down the river to a ford, 4 miles below. The remainder of the army of General Banks,

