
A. Wharton assumed command of Green's cavalry corps. The pursuit was continued by this command, united with Steele's division of cavalry and Polignac's division of infantry, together amounting to less than 4,000 men, and kept up to the vicinity of Alexandria, where the enemy found shelter of their gun-boats and their entrenched camp.

In the operations of my division, much reduced by sickness, loss in battle, &amp;c., it maintained an unequal contest on the Bayou Boeuf, south of Alexandria, with the best troops of the enemy, preventing them from removing the blockade established by General Major some 25 miles below on the Red River. We held the position for many days, fighting their cavalry and driving it back on their infantry supports every day, and only us and cleared the way for the retreat of Banks from Alexandria, which occurred on the 13th of May. Another occasion will be embraced to report detail of the good conduct and valuable service of this command during this severe campaign.

Major Mechling, acting assistant adjutant-general, after valuable service at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill, was seriously injured at Monett's Ferry. Major George W. McNeil, of my staff, was killed near Alexandria, while serving temporarily on the staff of Major-General Wharton. Captain E. R. Tarver, aide-de-camp; Major John B. Waters and J. A. Williams, volunteer aides-de-camp; Colonel George W. Chilton, ordnance officer, and Henry Schneider, of Duff's regiment, orderly, are entitled to my acknowledgment of their faithful service. My regrets for George McNeil will be appreciated by all who knew him. On the 14th of May I was relieved of my command and ordered to report to headquarters at Shreveport by Major-General Taylor.

Very respectfully,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Captain B. F. WEEMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

SEGUIN, TEX., August 17, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La.:

SIR: An impression prevails in this State that if I had made a proper defense at Monett's Ferry it would have resulted in the capture of Banks' army. Allow me very briefly to state the position of my troops at that place. I had been ordered Natchitoches to blockade Red River, but arrived at Monett's Ferry only a few hours in advance of a large force of the enemy, who it was subsequently ascertained left Grand Ecore on the same day that I withdrew from the line of investment in front of that place. I moved by the outside or pine woods route, while they marched by the main river road. It was not until the next morning (the 23rd of April) that from a hill above the ferry, which afforded an extended view of the surrounding country, I realized that Banks' whole army was upon me; for up to that moment I had considered it a force sent down to prevent the execution of my orders to blockade, &c. At once the importance of holding the position became apparent. From the hill the movements of Banks were closely watched. At 8 a. m. he

