
of merit," and that my action would be criticized and condemned; but I knew that in thirty minutes my artillery would be captured and my force routed and dispersed, and I determined to brave the consequences and save my command. The position was held with 2,000 men against 25,000 for seven hours' continuous fire, and finally yielded with no loss of honor. I then fell back to Beasley's, because some of my troops were starving and no supplies could be obtained at a nearer point. The distance had been represented at 18 miles. The woods through which I was passing were burning, and no grass or forage for the horses. I knew that the enemy wold consume the next day in crossing Cane River. These considerations warranted me in going to my supplies train, then at Beasley's, intending to be back on the main road before the enemy progressed far. The distance, however, proved to be 22 miles and the train had been removed still 5 miles [farther back for greater safety, thus making my march 27 miles], exhausting the troops and frustrating my plans, which notwithstanding, I respectfully submit were founded in reason and common sense. There were no provisions to be obtained toward Alexandria and I did not hint the opportunity of inflicting injury on the enemy sufficiently promising to justify me in starving the troops.

In the operations on Bayou Boeuf, for seven days my division, much reduced y loss in battle, sickness, &amp;c., maintained an unequal contest with the best troops of the enemy, and by a series of attack and annoyances actually prevented them from sending troops to remove the blockade which General Major so gallantly maintained on the river below Alexandria. So impressed were they that my force was large one that they eared to leave it in rear, even when the stake was the very subsistence of their army. I claim for my troops (Gould's, Woods', Terrell's, Likens', Yager's, Myers', and Vincent's Louisiana cavalry) the highest praise for their gallantry, patient endurance of fatigue, and never-failing enthusiasm; and the fact that they held their position for so many days, fighting the enemy's cavalry and driving them back on their artillery and infantry supports every day, and only abandoned it when the Sixteenth Army Corps of Banks' army, 10,000 strong, marched down on them, stamps them soldiers worthy of the cause for which we fight. Conscious, therefore, sir, that I discharged my trust to the best of my ability, I respectfully request that you will order a court of inquiry to investigate these facts, that justice to myself and the country may be done. This course had been adopted by me as the one best calculated, by its direct appeal to my commander-in-chief, to enable me to effectually silence the reports in circulation prejudicial to my character as an officer, emanating in some instances from iliacus motives, but generally from ignorance of facts, which my seance of duty had thus far constrained me to withhold from the public eye as perhaps calculated to injure our cause.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 18, 1864.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 17th of August, asking for a

