
court of inquiry to investigate the facts connected with your defense of the position at Monett's Ferry on the 23rd April, 1864. Though General Taylor, in his official report of operations in Red River Valey, strongly censures your conduct on the occasion above referred of the position at Monett's Ferry was that of a brave and gallant soldier. The river was fordable at various points, and he regarded the defense impracticable with the small force at your disposal. A longer delay, he believes, would have insured the loss of your artillery and endangered the safety of your command. If after this statement you still desire it, I am instructed to say that a court will be ordered to investigate your official conduct in this affair.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY CORPS,Chambers' Plantation, La., June 30, 1864.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE:

MY DEAR FRIEND: I have heard that you are censured in Texas in reference to the Monett's Ferry affair by stragglers from the cavalry, who would have been as loud in condemnation had you remained until defeated by Banks' army, as would certainly have occurred. I called on General Bagby this morning, and he is perfectly willing (for he is a high-toned gentleman) to make a statement for publication, in which he will say that you remained in position much longer than he would have done had he been in command. General Major several weeks since told me the same thing. From an examination of the ground, and from a full knowledge of your fore and that of the enemy, I am satisfied that you could not have maintained yourself at Monett's Ferry.

Sincerely, your friend,

JOHN A. WHARTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, ARMY OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,

No.-. In the Field, May 24, 1864.

To the officers and soldiers of Wharton's (formerly Green's) Cavalry Corps:

For forty-six days you have engaged the enemy, always superior to you in numbers. When the beaten foe, with four army corps of infantry and upward of 5,000 cavalry, began his retreat, you were found in battle in his front, and hung upon his flanks and rear only to destroy. In his retreat from Grand Ecore to the Atchafalaya you killed, wounded, and captured upward of 4,000, destroying five transports and three gun-boats, all of which was accomplished with a loss to you of but 400 men, two-thirds of whom will report for duty again within forty days. The history of no other campaign will present the spectacle of a cavalry force capturing and killing more of the enemy than their own numbers. This you have done, and in so

doing have immortalized yourselves and added new luster to Texas, the gallantry of whose sons has seen illustrated on every

