
battle-field from Gettysburg to Glorietta. Had a portion of our forces been where I was informed they were an hour and a half before the engagement at Norwood's plantation (Yellow Bayou), the rear guard of the enemy's army would have been utterly destroyed. As it was, 30 of his dead were left on the field, 65 graves marked "Killed in the action of the 18th May," besides his wounded carried off by him. As to the loss you inflicted on him, from prisoners recently captured we learned it to be 800 killed and wounded at the battle of Norwood's.

Your advance guard are now watering their horses in the Mississippi River, whither you will shortly follow. On short rations and scanty forage, in the saddle day and night, you have neither murmured nor complained. In all your trials and dangers the veteran Second Louisiana Cavalry have been by your side; they have shared your dangers an are participants in your glory. During the entire retreat the different batteries of artillery, either acting separately or under Colonel Brent or Major Semmes, displayed the most marked skill and gallantry. They were particularly distinguished in the engagements at Mansura and Yellow Bayou. I, as your commanding general, honor you for your deeds, and thus acknowledge my appreciation of your success. General Taylor cheerfully accords to you the meed of his approbation, and in his own time and way will signify his admiration. A grateful people will cherish the record of your gallantry.

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Major-General.

B. F. WEEMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 100. Report of Colonel George W. Baylor, Second Arizona Cavalry, commanding Major's cavalry brigade, of operations April 7-18.
HEADQUARTERS MAJOR'S BRIGADE,In the Field, Louisiana, April 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 7th instant Colonel Madison's regiment bagman skirmishing with the enemy's advance, falling back slowly. Colonel Lane formed our brigade to receive the enemy. My regiment was placed on the left wing, and was strongly posted on the crest of a hill, being dismounted. Colonel Madison having fallen back, was ordered to support me, and took position on my right (left center), Lane's regiment on the right center, and Chisum's on the right wing. The enemy charged boldly up to within 50 yards of our position, but the men stood their ground firmly, loading and firing with great coolness. This close work soon became too hot for the enemy, and when we charged them with a yell they broke in confusion. Here Lieutenant W. T. Bronw, of Company E, fell mortally wounded; Lieutenant F. B. Chilton, commanding Company B, wounded severely, both of Baylor's regiment. We drove them back nearly a miles, when we found them in greatly superior force, and were obliged in turn to fall back to prevent being flanked. Our ammunition being nearly exhausted, Colonel Lane

