
ordered [us] to fall back until we could get a fresh supply. We took position in rear of the mill, but our artillery and other cavalry continued the fight until nightfall, when the enemy withdrew. We slept on our arms all night.

On the 8th, we fell back to our infantry, and were sent to the left wing, dismounted, and sent to the left of General Mouton's division. Bagby's brigade being on our left, we were ordered to remount and moved farther to the left, and again dismounted. We were moved forward and found the enemy enforce strongly posted behind a fence in the woods. We had to cross an open field half a miles in face of their artillery and infantry; drove them from their position, capturing one piece of artillery and a number of prisoners. Here Lieutenant George E. Rottenstein, commanding Company F (Baylor's regiment), fell mortally wounded, gallantly leading his men. The loss in my regiment was quite severe in killed and wounded. My regiment being on the extreme right occupied some houses on the main road, and from them and the fences opened fire on the enemy, who were boldly advancing through an open field in line of battle, and I am positive I saw the United States flag (once loved and honored by us all) flying, one-half of it being black. I can only account for it on the ground that it was intended as a compliment to the negro element in the command, one of whom I saw stretched on his back dressed in the Federal uniform. Our fire soon checked them, McMahan's battery having opened on them at the same time from a hill in a our rear. Information was bough time at this moment that Colonel Lane, who had led us with his accustomed coolness and bravery, was wounded, and the command of the brigade devolved upon me. I informed McMahan of our position, and request, that the would move his battery to our front. Orders now came from Brigadier-General Major to mount our horses, which were 1 1\2 miles to the rear. The enemy, too, had he gun a disorderly retreat, which ended in a disgraceful rout to them and a glorious victory to us. By the time I could get the command mounted (many of them having chased the enemy 6 or 8 miles)it was nearly dark, and the delay occasioned by meeting captured trains and artillery made it late before we reached the front. We took position in advance, and I sent forward pickets, who were fired on by the enemy's advance. We were ordered by General Walker to take position on the left wing, where we again lay on our arms all night.

On the morning of the 9th, we were ordered forward in pursuit, colonel Madison in the advance. We found every evidence of a disorderly retreat-burning wagons, the dead and wounded scattered along the road. We captured many prisoners who were left in the retreat. We overtook the enemy's rear guard about 3 miles from Pleasant Hill, and soon came on the main body drawn up in line of battle. Were ordered to dismount and skirmish,which we did, drawing the fire of their artillery. Lane's regiment was not with the brigade. Late in the evening our infantry and artillery came up, when we were order to charge. We immediately mounted and moved forward, but as as our horses were some distance in the rear Buchel's and Debray's regiments, being formed and in the saddle, had made a charge and been repulsed. General Major then ordered our brigade to the left wing, where we were dismounted and attacked the enemy in flank and drove them rapidly back to their breast-works, which had been hastily made of pine saplings and rails. The fighting was close and hot. Here Lieutenant English, adjutant of Madison's regi-

