
ment, fell gallantly cheering the men. The enemy had a very strong position. The pine logs and rails, of which I have spoken, were piled up at a right angle with he main road. Behind this the enemy were lying, and could only be shot when in the act of firing. Across a small inclosure and in rear of this temporary work was an abrupt hollow running parallel with it, where the enemy were securely posted in heavy numbers. We were not strong enough to dislodge them or flank them. Our position was such that we received a good portion of Buchel's fire, which we returned. It was now becoming dark and difficult to distinguish friend from foe. I explained to Generals Green and Major our position, and also pointed our to Lieutenant Yoist, of West's battery, who had just come up, the position of the enemy, and asked for re-enforcements. General Polignac's division started to my assistance, but unfortunately just at this moment Lane's regiment, that had been ordered to our support, and who were on our extreme left, opened fir on us at 300 yards distance, and we wee compelled to leave our position, some of Polignac's division having fired onus at the same time. A little more daylight would have enabled us, with Polignac's division, to flank the enemy, but General Polignac not knowing the enemy's position did not wish to risk his men under so many cross-fires from friend and foe.

I cannot close this part of my report without speaking of the coolness and bravery of the officers and men of our brigade. Of Colonel Madison's dashing, fiery courage too much cannot be said. Our brigade commander, Colonel W. P. Lane, before he was disabled was ever in the front rank encouraging his men by his voice and example. I know I express the feelings of the entire brigade when I say we wish for no braver or more experienced officer to command us. Colonel Chisum, Lieutenant-Colonel Crump, and Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen acted with coolness and bravery. Actg. Brigadier Surg. S. C. Oliver and the surgeons of the regiments were active and untiring in their zeal and attention to the wounded.

At 3 p. m. on April 19, being in camp at Prothro's Bridge, 4 miles above Grand Ecore, on Bayou Pierre, the brigade, in obedience to orders from brigadier-general commanding, took up the line of march southward, and at 3 a. m. of the 20th bivouacked at Prudhomme's Mill. At 8 o'clock took up line of march for Cloutierville, arriving about 6 p. m. On the 21st, arrived at Monett's Ferry, on old Cane River. On the 22nd, received orders to moved down on Red River to attack gun-boats and transports. Before moving, however, a courier arrived from Brigadier-General Bee announcing an attack on his rear and that he was being rapidly driven. The brigade was immediately formed on the left of the road and detachments from the different regiments sent forward under Captain D. C. Carrington, of Company E, Baylor's regiment, who encounter the enemy about 3 miles from the ferry on the Cloutierville road, and together with the Arizona scouts drove them back to within 1 miles of the latter place. Night coming on, Captain C [arrington], by order of the general commanding, fell back to within about 800 yards of our position.

On the morning of the 23rd, captain C [arrington], again advance, with orders to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy, which he did after going about 3 miles, and immediately began skirmishing with them. Captain Carrington is entitled to much credit for the manner in which resisted the enemy's advance. He fell back slowly, contending for every in ch of ground, until the enemy was drawn within

