
range of our batteries, which opened on and drove them back. Scouts brought reports of the advance of the enemy in force. Our brigade was formed in line of battle, Baylor's regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen commanding, on the right; Madison's, Colonel George T. Madison commanding, on the left; Chisum's regiment, Colonel Isham Chisum commanding, on the right; Lane's regiment, major Saufley commanding, on the left center; the First Battalion Louisiana State Troops, Major Caldwell commanding, and temporarily attached to the brigade, on extreme left. Scouts soon brought information that a force of the enemy was moving to turn our left flank, with the intention of occupying a knoll of ground on the right bank of the river and commanding the ferry. This fact being made known to the brigadier-general commanding division, he with his staff, reconnoitered in person, and ordered up a section of artillery (two rifled guns, formerly of Nims' battery), under command of Lieutenant Fontaine, of McMahan's battery. The enemy was in plain view. The battery opened on them with effect, which soon drew the fire of their artillery. A spirited though unequal duel was keep up for some time, the enemy using some eight or ten pieces, among them two 30-pounder Parrott guns. The commander of division, General Major, with the consent of the commander-in-chief, placed me in command of the left wing.

Finding that a movement in considerable force was being made to turn our left, I asked for re-enforcements. Woods' regiment, Colonel Woods commanding, was taken from the center (Debray's brigade) and reported to me. Believing that if the enemy got possession of the hill spoken of we would be compelled to abandon the crossing of Cane Rive, I sent Colonels Madison, Lane, and Woods' regiments and the First Battalion Louisiana State Troops to occupy the hill, and in case they could not halted to fall back to a second line I had selected. Captain Waterhouse, of Lane's regiment, was sent forward to skirmish with the enemy, Captain Whited, of Debray's regiment, acting with him. They are entitled to great praise for the stubborn resistance made to the advance of the enemy, who came on four of five lines deep. The troops there of my brigade, under Colonel George T. Madison, and Colonel Woods' regiment, under Colonel Woods, made a gallant resistance, and after suffering some loss and punishing the enemy severely were compelled to fall back. The troops retired in good order and were soon in position, and the artillery ambuscaded; Baylor's and Chisum's regiments were brought up from the position where they had been covering the ferry and placed on the right of the rear line. My right now rested on Cane River and my left extended along a line of fences and thick undergrowth, forming an acute angle with the river, with an open field in front 400 yards wide. Captain McNelly's scouts, Lieutenant Moore commanding, were sent to the left to watch any movement on that flank, for our line could not with the men I had be prolonged sufficiently to reach a lake (which would have made our position perfectly secure), 5 or 6 miles in length. Lieutenant Moore soon reported the enemy moving along the edge of the lake. I ordered Colonel Madison to mount his men, move to the left, dismount and protect our flank, and sent to General Bee a statement of the fact, asking for two more regiments to drive the enemy back and extend my line to the lake. The enemy could now be distinctly heard approaching and their advance guard came in sight. A reconnoitering party of some 50 men (letters since captured state it was General Cameron, staff, and

