
his forces by conscription. My force is small, but of the right material. We never stop to count numbers, but always close on the

enemy at the charge and invariably rout them. Colonel Miscal Johnston surrendered himself to me a few days ago. My proclamation is having a salutary effect on the inhabitants. My orders to all scouting parties are to shoot every rebel found in Federal uniform, and to destroy all bushwhackers wherever found.

Captain Dunscomb, Third Arkansas Cavalry, will give you further news of the enemy. They are numerous, but not concentrated at any one place. I have kept them apart by rapid movements, and they are terrified at the appearance of any parties of my command in this district. I should be pleased to co-operate with any detachments sent up to this neighborhood from Little Rock, and believe that frequently penetrating the country between us will render their proposed emigration to Price impossible.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

Lieutenant SOKALSKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Abstract from Record of Events on return of the District of Northeastern Arkansas for January, 1864.

January 2.- The mail was to Little Rock, Ark, under charge of Lieutenant Thompson, acting assistant quartermaster, with an escort of 1 sergeant and 10 privates of the First Nebraska Cavalry. Lieutenant Thomas returned with the steamer Pocahontas, loaded with commissary and quartermaster's stores. The boat, not able to run up to Batesville on account of low water, discharged her freight at Jacksonport and Magnes' Landing Ark. Four squadrons First Nebraska Cavalry, under command of Captain Curran, detached to Jacksonport since January 17, in order to guard above stores. The boat Pocahontas returned to Devall's Bluff.

January 12.-Three men of the First Nebraska Cavalry and 1 scout belonging to this command, captured by Major Freeman's forces on December 31, 1863, came in under a flag of truce in charge of Captain Grace, C. S. Army.

January 13.-Captain Majors, with a detachment of 150 men, was sent out on a scout to attack an encampment of guerrillas about 28 miles from this place. The detachment returned the 14th instant with 6 prisoners and a captured rebel mail. Official report forwarded to headquarters Department of the Missouri, January 26.

January 17.-First Battalion First Nebraska Cavalry, under command of Captain Majors, was ordered on a scout to Jacksonport to attack General McRae's forces. On the evening of the same day a detachment of Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, in charge of Captain Kauffman, was sent out to re-enforce Captains Majors. Official report forwarded to headquarters Department of the Missouri January 26.

January 18.-Captain Castle, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, with a detachment of same regiment, was ordered to march to Grand Glaize for the purpose of protecting the steamer Pacohantos coming up from Devall's Bluff.

January 23.- Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, with Second Battalion First Nebraska Cavalry, and the above-named detachment, Sixth

