
escort) came within 60 yards of the artillery, when they and our entire line opened fire on them. Few returned unhurt to the Federal lines, which I judge from the noise and loud commands given must have been thrown into considerable confusion. No further advance was made, as we kept up a cannonade on the woods where the enemy were. But a battery was moved up to within 500 yards on the opposite side of the river and opened fire on our Lieutenant Fontaine. I ordered him to cease firing, and sent to ask that the batteries at the ferry would open on the battery of the enemy. An order was brought me by Lieutenant R. E. Carrington, my acting assistant adjutant-general, from the general commanding the forces to get out of there the best way I could, which I accordingly did. The troops on the right having retired, I ordered Lieutenant Fontaine to move his action down near the crossing, with instructions to open fire and hold the crossing until the left could be withdrawn, and in case a road could be found to retire his pieces (the road which he had come being raked by the batteries of the enemy), to fight as long as possible, and then spike them. Baylor's regiment (Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen) was sent to support the battery, and to the coolness and bravery of Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen and Lieutenant Fontaine I attribute the safe withdrawal of the left, which had been pressed and was now threatened with overwhelming numbers. A road was found and Nims' guns are still ready to obey their present gallant commander.

In this connection it is proper I should pay an humble tribute to the memory of one whose virtues and personal worth will long be remembered by the regiment to which he belonged. At Monett's Ferry on April 23 fell the Rev. B. F. Ellison, chaplain to madison's regiment, mortally wounded fighting in the front rank. When the first gun was fired in defense of Southern liberty and State's rights he was in California, and when the call came to defend the Government of our choice and our firesides from Northern outrage he left Los Angeles, although closely watche, and began his weary pilgrimage on foot through Mexico to worship at the shrine of liberty. With his heart's blood has he proven his devotion to the cause so dear to every patriot's heart. Peace to his ashes.

The army retreated toward Beasley's Station that night. On the 24th, moved toward McNutt's Hill. On the morning of the 25th, attack the enemy's rear guard at that place. The 26th and 27th, rested. On the 28th, I was ordered to support Colonel Hardeman,who attacked the enemy on Bayou Raides. I was afterward sent into the woods to assist Colonel Hardeman in driving the enemy to within 4 miles of Alexandria, and then stop. Colonel Woods [was] ordered to act in conjunction with me, and took position on the right of my brigade. The nature of the ground, bayous, briars, and cane would not admit of my moving in line of battle. I ordered Colonel Mullen (Baylor's regiment) to move in line of a battle, and the others to move in column of fours in his rear, Madison on the left, Lane and Chisum center, Woods on the right. After moving 1 1\2 miles we found the enemy in line of battle. Dismounted and moved up to the attack, Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen moved to the left, began the attack, and drove the enemy on Hardeman's right. O entire line opened on them, driving them rapidly. Having carried our my instructions according to orders I withdrew, leaving Baylor's regiment on picket. On the 29th, remained encamped on Bayou Rapides. On the 30th, took up line of march for Paul's. On the 31st, encamped at Lloyd's Bridge.

