
On May 1, the brigade was ordered to Wilson's Landing, on Red River. On arriving I learned from Captain Kirkley,- Regiment, Hardeman's brigade, that the enemy wee constantly passing in transports and gun-boats. Before we could get the artillery in position (Captain West's battery, commanded by Lieutenant John Yoist) a transport came by. She was captured after an exciting chase of 2 miles by Chisum's regiment, Captain Wilson commanding, and the Arizona scouts, Lieutenant Smith commanding. Her captain and crew were sent to the rear, also a quartermaster, and the boat (the Emma) burned.

On May 2, the enemy were reported coming from above with strong cavalry force and gun-boats. They drove in Captain Waterhouse (Lane's regiment), who was on picket, rapidly. I sent Chisum's regiment, Captain Wilson commanding, to re-enforce him, with instructions to fight the enemy and fall back toward Marksville. I ordered Lieutenant Yoist to move from the position he had taken in front of Smith's plantation, with the two 10-pounder Parrott guns, and take position a quarter of a mile above, so as to sweep the Wilson plantation. The enemy were in plain view advancing a line of skirmishers, with the main force in column. A few well-directed shots checked them, and a portion of the force moved to the left in the woods. At this moment Colonel Madison sent me word that a member of the Second Louisiana Cavalry who lived close by informed him that there was a road passable for cavalry that led from where the enemy were coming up the river with gun-boats and transports, number not known. Supposing the enemy had acquired information of my strength and position, and were attempting to cut me off from the Marksville and Cheneyville road, I determined to fight the force below and secure the Marksville road. Agreeably to instructions from the brigadier-general commanding, I moved down as rapidly as possible, with Madison's and Lane's regiments and the two howitzers and one Parrott gun of West's battery, under Lieutenant Lyne, to attack the enemy below, leaving Chisum's regiment to keep the enemy in check above, and fall back down the river if pressed, and Lieutenant Yoist, with one Parrott gun, with instructions to fire a few shots and move rapidly down the river also. I was anxious to get the artillery into position at the point where the Marksville road leaves the river, ordering Madison'a and Lane's regiment to follow so soon as mounted. We met the enemy 800 or 1,000 yards above the point I wished to reach, when they opened a hot fire on us from 24-pounder howitzers on cotton-clad boat, and guns of heavier metal from a gun-boat, and at the same time opened a hot fire from all the boats (three in number) with small-arms. The horses of the artillery were soon killed and wounded,so as to prevent the pieces being used. Two pieces were unlimbered, but the levee prevented them from damaging the enemy, while their sharpshooters were very annoying. I sent orders to Colonel Madison and Major Saufley (commanding Lane's regiment) to dismount and open fire on the enemy, which was promptly done and with effect, enabling Lieutenant Lyne to disengage horses enough from the caissons and howitzers to take the Parrott gun over the levee and open on the gun-boats. At this moment word was brought me that Chisum's regiment had retreated on the Cheneyville road, contrary to orders, thus leaving my small force (250 men) entirely uncovered on the left. I

