
It was now evident that we must work fast. I ordered Major Saufley, commanding Lane's regiment, to move up opposite the gun-boats and close their port-holes, if possible. A portion of Chisum's regiment arrived about this time, under Lieutenants Brookshier and Gilbert,having run on foot from the upper section and joined in the attack. Company C, Lieutenant Fry, and Company H, Captain Calhoun, Baylor's regiment, were ordered up at the same time. I had the pleasure of seeing the smoke issuing from the Covington, and she was soon wrapped in flames, her crew escaping to the opposite side of the river under a hot fire from our Enfields. The Signal, Numbers 8, still continued the contest, no doubt relying on assistance from the boat below. Lieutenant Lyne soon sent the advancing boat down the river badly crippled. The Signal still continued the fight. The fire having reached the guns and shells of the Covington, they kept up a continuous roar. This deceived the enemy below, who again came up to the attack and was a second time driven back. All of our forces now attacked the Signal. The men moved up to the bank of the river and closed here port-holes, when she surrendered. None of the crew of the Covington were captured and only a portion of the crews of the Signal and transport John Warner. We have saved the armament of the Signal, a quantity of ammunition, and some of her stores. I am under many obligations to Colonel Madison and Major Saufley and Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen and the men and officers under them for the promptness with which they obeyed all orders and fearlessness with which they braved the storm of shot and shell. I cannot speak too highly of Lieutenants Yoist and Lyne and the officers and men under their commands. It does not require any statement from me to establish their reputation for gallantry and efficiency. The works that lie in sight of their battery are proofs of the accuracy of their aim and coolness under fire, and speak well for five days' work. All of my orders were promptly carried to the commanders of regiments by Lieutenant R. E. Carington and Aide-de-Camp Lieutenant Henry Chapman. Their reputation for gallantry has been established on other fields and needed not this to confirm it. Among the wounded on the 3rd were Captain J. W. Thompson, Company H, Lane's regiment, severely; Sergt. J. Baker, Company E, Madison's regiment, and Sergeant Garner, West's battery, slightly.

On the 5th, a kind Providence protected us, and not a man was wounded.

On the 13th, the pickets of Hardeman's brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Waller commanding, began skirmishing with the enemy's advance 5 miles below Alexandria, and on the evening of the 15th, reached the position held by my brigade. We were ordered to hold the position till the gun-boats opened. The enemy drove our skirmishers rapidly, but were checked by West's battery. They then advanced in heavy force and we were ordered to withdraw. I ordered Lieutenant Brookshier, Company E, Chisum's regiment, to retire on the Marksvielle road that crosses Choctaw Bayou at Monett's Ferry and join the picket there commanded by Lieutenant Dudley, Company D, Lane's regiment, as well as the one from the mouth of the bayou,and ambuscade the enemy and annoy them in every possible way. The order was skillfully and promptly obeyed, inflicting quite a loss on the enemy.

On the 15th, the enemy began the attack on Bagby's division. My brigade was ordered to support him. We formed on the left and fell back with the line to the rear of Cocoville. The enemy

