
advanced, when skirmishing began. I have to mourn the loss of one of the bravest officers of the brigade killed here. Captain McKee, Company D, Madison's regiment, fell mortally wounded in a charge made on the enemy's pickets. Skirmishing continued till nightfall. My brigade, with Buchel's regiment, was left on picket. At daylight the enemy began advancing in force. I ordered out a strong line of skirmishers and, according to instructions, fell back slowly toward Mansura, and moved by the left oblique to uncover our batteries. The fighting was done entirely by artillery. At noon orders wee brought me to fall back on the Long Bridge road, leaving a strong line of skirmishers out. The brigade moved back under a heavy artillery fire in as good order as though marching from dress parade.

On the morning of the 17th began the pursuit of the enemy, whose rear had now passed, Colonel Walker being in the advance with Hardeman's brigade. I ordered Captain Jack Waterhouse, with 100 picked men from the brigade, to moved down the right bank of Bayou De Galize, and Captain Halley, with 40 men, to move down on the left bank and annoy the enemy in every way they could. Baylor's and Madison's regiments, by command of brigadier-general commanding division, were sent down the right bank with similar instructions. These orders were carried out strictly, to the great annoyance of the enemy. Fighting continued all day.

May 18, the division was ordered down to Norwood's farm, dismounted, and moved to a skirt of woods in advance of us half a mile. We occupied a ditch and built breast-works of rails. Were ordered back to Norwood's sugar-house, where we remained until ordered forward again. Advanced across the filed in line of battle, Lane's regiment, Major Saufley commanding, on the left; Madison's and Baylor's, Colonel Madison and Lieutenant-Colonel Mullen commanding, center; Chisum's regiment, Lieutenant Colonel Crill Miller commanding, on the right. Our skirmishers began firing as soon as within reach of the timber before mentioned, the enemy's pickets having taken position there. As soon as the firing began I ordered the brigade to move up quickly, which they did with a yell, and were soon in the woods, driving the enemy's cavalry before us until we reached a field, where we found a battery posted,supported by infantry. The fire now was very hot, I found Federal cavalry on either flank an a heavy force in front, and was compelled to fall back, which we did, disputing the ground inch by inch and inflicting quite a loss on the enemy. My loss was quite seven in wounded and prisoners, though but few killed. The regimental commanders and officers and men under them acted with great coolness, and to that fact alone I attribute our slight loss in comparison to other troops engaged. We had but a single line of cavalry, while the enemy had artillery, cavalry, and infantry in double rank with supports. I think both officers and men did all that could be expected of them. Had Terrell's regiment come up on our right I have every reason to believe we would have captured the enemy's battery and cut off their right from the main body, or have inflicted heavy loss on them.

I have to thank Brigadier Surg. S. C. Oliver and his assistants for their attention to the wounded. I take great pleasure in calling your attention to the gallant conduct of the following-named offi-

