
rear. I shall therefore pass over the actions 7 miles below Natchitoches, at Lecompte's plantation, near Cloutierville, and of the next day below that town, the continued fighting of the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th having been carried on, with the exception of the first attack, under the eye of the major-general commanding.

After our arrival at McNutt's Hill I was assigned with the brigade before mentioned to the duty of occupying the roads to Alexandria leading down Red River and Bayou Rapides. The enemy had been driven in close to the town and our pickets kept in sight of his.

Skirmishing was constant from April 29 to May 7, and several times the enemy came outing large force and drove us back, to be followed himself in his turn as soon as he retired. After a few days Captain Moseley's Texas battery was sent to me, with which the annoyance of the Federals was carried to the extent of throwing shells into their main camp. On May 5, we were driven back by a force immensely superior. On the 6th, again the enemy advanced and did not return to his former position. On the 7th, the advance was continued in spite of the stubborn resistance of my small force, which had been strengthened by West's battery and weakened by the temporary withdrawal of the Nineteenth (Burford's) Regiment. I retired as directed over Gordon's Bridge across Bayau Boeuf. The fighting had been heavy on the 5th, 6th and 7th. On the last-mentioned day the artillery was used with great effect, one battery covering the movements of another, and finally the short-range pieces of both covering the retreat of the other sections over narrow bridge, holding by rapid discharges of grape and canister a heavy infantry force in check until the bridge was passed and a position taken on the other side. One regiment (the Twenty-first, under Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings), being on the north side of Bayou Rapides, was directed to fall back in the direction of McNutt's Hill, which instructions were fully carried out, until Colonel Parsons, who was at that place sick, assumed to order Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings to Cotile, where he remained until ordered back to McNutt's Hill by General Taylor.

The enemy did not advance farther, but retired during the night to a position on a small bayou leading from Bayou Rapides to Bayou Boeuf, about 7 miles from Alexandria, where he remained until about to evacuate that city.

During these engagement the enemy's force, principally infantry, displayed a line more than three times the length of our single-rank cavalry formation. On the south side of Bayou Rapides it extended from Gordon's to the Bayou Boeuf timber. At the same time he had a large force on the north side, of which I did not have an accurate personal observation.

On the 8th instal, finding the enemy had again retired I left, as instructed, the Twenty-first Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings, to observe and annoy him on Bayou Rapides, and with the remaining portion of my command, viz, the Twelfth and Nineteenth Regiment (the Nineteenth having joined me during the night) and Morgan's battalion, proceeded to the position held by Brigadier-General Bee, on Bayous Boeuf and Lamourie, where I arrived May 9, and relieved the troops occupying that position and covering the road leading south via Cheneyville.

During the few days from the 9th to the 14th, skirmishing was constant and an attack made daily of sufficient vigor to bring out their line of infantry, in one of which (on the 10th) Captain Veal, of the

