
transports. Transports had infantry on board. They have just landed a force on this side a short distance below the town and are skirmishing with my pickets, who report that they see infantry in rear of their cavalry. Their force or intentions have not yet been developed. General Liddell arrived here yesterday with a force of cavalry. He directs me to send a detachment to Sparta to scout that road down to the junction of the Alexandria and Monroe roads. I have ordered detachment left at Minden for that duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. J. WARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Colonel ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Miss. Dept.]
HDQRS DETACHMENT OF JEFFERS' REGIMENT,On Claiborne and Natchitoches Road, 16 Miles from Campti, Monday Evenina, April 4, 1864.

COLONEL: As General Liddell informed me that he had furnished you with all information of the enemy up to leaving Campti this morning, it is not necessary that I should repeat it. My command and a portion of colonel McNeill's had an engagement with a force of the enemy's cavalry and infantry this morning at Campti. The fight was a very fierce one and lasted two hours. Were pulsed every advance with great loss to the enemy, sustaining but slight injury ourselves. Adjutant Allen, of my regiment, is mortally wounded. The enemy lost about 25 killed, with wounded in proportion. We held our position until they landed infantry in o rear, when we retired. The enemy did not pursue us.

General Liddell has moved to Springville, and I have fallen back to this point. Forage being very scarce, will be compelled to move a few miles farther up to-morrow. Will send a scout toward Campti to-morrow for information. They have not made any movement in this direction. My scouts will now cover this road and roads leading by Sparta.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

SAM. J. WARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La.

Numbers 103. Reports of Major Thomas A. Faries, C. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Second Infantry Division, of engagements at Mansura and Yellow Bayou.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, SECOND INFANTRY DIV.,In the Field, May 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I took the position with the batteries of my command on the evening of May 15, instant, on the prairie, 1 1\4 miles south of and to the left of the village of Mansura,

