
Missouri State Militia Cavalry, left this post in order to attack and destroy all rebel encampments north and west of Batesville. Ordered to move via Hookram, Lunenburg, Sylamore, and Big North Fork. Returned January 30. Copy of Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer's official report forwarded by the same mail as this report.

January 27.-Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens reported at this post with a detachment of 29 men, First Nebraska Cavalry, and 32 men, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry. Copy of lieutenant-Colonel Stephens' report in regard to his from Rolla, M., to Batesville forwarded to headquarters Department of the Missouri, January 30.*

January 30.- Captain Kauffman, with 75 men, and Captain Castel, with 50 men, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, ordered on a scout to Grand Glaize and Search, Ark; not returned yet. Captain Dunscomb left the same day with his detachment for Little Rock, Arks., carrying the mail from this post.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Nebraska Cavalry, of scout from Batesville, January 23-30.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEBRASKA CAVALRY,Batesville, Ark., February 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to you the report of an expedition sent out January 23, 1864, from Batesville, Ark., under the following orders received from district headquarters, viz:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., January 23, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM BAUMER,

Commanding Expedition to Northwest:

COLONEL: You will proceed immediately and attack every rebel encampment you find north and west of this point. Move via Hookram, Lunenburg, Sylamore, and Big North Fork. Should you find Freeman's command at any one of these points you need go no farther. Shoot every rebel soldier you find in Federal uniform, and destroy all armed bushwhackers. Endeavor to reach White River Monday morning so as to co-operate with the forces I send up to Sylamore. On North Fork of Sylamore you will find and destroy a powder-mill operating there. Should the town be occupied by guerrillas, and should they fire on your men, burn them out. Treat the inhabitants of the country with kindness and give receipts for all necessaries you have to take: and above all, prevent your men from pillaging or straggling. Instruct your men to spare no bushwhackers. Do not divide your force into fractional parts, but keep them in good order, as you are liable to attack at any moment. Federal troops are ordered into Secretary and Newton Counties by General Sanborn, which you perhaps meet. I have placed the detachment of Sixth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry under your command. As soon as you get them past Freeman you will permit them to go either to Yellville or Lebanon, as the captain commanding deems best. The object of this expedition is to capture or destroy Fremena's camp, and I rely on your good judgment two accomplish it.

Rapidity of movement is essential to your success, and be especial careful to guard all the prisoners you take. When they are encamped in a house sentinels should be placed inside as well as out, with orders to make them lie down at night, and shoot them if they rise without obtaining permission.

Wishing you success, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

The command, consisting of Companies H, B, D, I, and combined company of men from the First Battalion First Nebraska Cavalry, numbering in all 192 men and 10 officers, with an additional

---------------

*See Part II, p. 176.

---------------

