
thumb broken; Private Haydel, face and arms burnt by premature discharge of 12-pounder gun. In Boone's battery, Private Rodney, thigh broken by fragment of shell; Private Lemoine, slightly wounded in foot. In Barnes' battery, Private Bergeron, slightly wounded in leg by fragment of shell. Captain Barnes had 1 horse slightly wounded by fragment of shell.

The officers and men of all the batteries behaved with the most becoming coolness and gallantry and retired when directed in perfect order.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Second Infantry Division.

Major J. C. MONCURE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Infantry Division.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, SECOND INFANTRY DIV.,In the Field, May 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I moved forward to Norwood's plantation, on Bayou De Galaize, with Captain Barnes and First Lieutenant J. B. Tarleton, the latter commanding Cornay's (Louisiana) battery, on yesterday, the 18th instant, at 2 p. m., and placed the first-named battery in position on the extreme right of the line of guns near the ruins of the sugar-house and to the right of all the other batteries. The other, under Lieutenant Tarleton, was placed near the left of the line of artillery and to the right of the two batteries of horse artillery then in position on and near the Bayou De Galize road. The enemy had one or two light batteries in position near the bayou in front of our left, in the edge of a point of woods, supported by a heavy line of skirmishers.

Our batteries commenced firing at 3 p. m., opening on the enemy's batteries, soon silencing his guns and causing the sharpshooters to reiter. Soon after o front line of dismounted cavalry advanced and were pressed back by a heavy fire from a much superior force. Our batteries again opened on the enemy's line of infantry, their fire ceasing almost immediately, our front line retiring a short distance to reform under cover of the fire from our light batteries. Corney's (Louisiana) battery, which was firing advancing by section, received the most of this fire, which wad replied to by our entire line of batteries. Cornay's battery, Lieutenant J. B. Tarleton commanding, retired firing by section under a very hot fire from enemy's sharpshooters and artillery. Immediately afterward Barnes' battery retire firing by section, with our other batteries on the right. The effect of our fire was marked; the enemy's infantry was driven back into the woods some distance and his batteries were silenced or retired as soon as our batteries on the extreme right opened on him front a new position in the field in rear of the first line. The firing having ceased near sunset the batteries were then moved to the bayou road and parked at the Cut-off.

Barnes' battery fired 17 solid shot and 40 shell from two bronze James rifles; also 8 solid shot and 7 shell from one 12-pounder field gun, distance varying from 800 to 1,000 yards. Cornay's battery fired 37 solid shot, 22 shell, and 40 spherical case from two 12-pounder field gun; also 60 shell and 36 spherical case from two 12-pounder

