
field howitzers, distance varying from 500 to 800 yards. I have no casualties to report in either Barnes' or Cornay's battery. The last-named battery had 1 horse killed and 1 slightly wounded. The officers and men behaved with their noted coolness and gallantry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Second Infantry Division.

Major J. C. MONCURE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Infantry Division.

Numbers 104. Report of Captain Thomas O. Benton, Louisiana Artillery, of engagement at Deloach's Bluff.
HEADQUARTERS BENTON'S LOUISIANA BATTERY,In the Field, April 27, 1864.

SIR: I would respectfully report that on the night of the 25th instant, at 12 o'clock, I received orders from Major-General Plignas to march as speedily as possible with my battery and report to Colonel Brent, at Mrs. Griffith's, on the Natchitoches road. Leaving the encampment beyond Cane River at 12.30 a. m. on the 26th, I arrived at Mrs. Griffith's at daylight and reported as ordered. At 8 a. m. we moved to a point near Deloach's Bluff. My rifle section, with a smooth-bore 6-pounder section of the Valverde Battery, were moved by hand to the front and placed in position on the bluff, bearing upon a gun-boat lying in Red River at about 450 yards distance. A second gun-boat was lying under the banks of the river and very near us, but so situated as to be completely shielded from our fire. At 10.30 a. m. we opened fire upon the gun-boat in the stream. She replied to us constantly for about thirty minutes, when immediately after, one of our shot having penetrated her, she ceased firing and moved down the river to a position about 1 mile off, only replying to us with her stern guns. The second gun-boat, situated near and under the river bank, kept up a continual fire of grape and canister during the entire engagement. My section fired 48 rounds, with what effect it is impossible for me to say, although our fire was accurate, a very large proportion of the shot striking and many of them penetrating her. After firing 18 rounds my iron rifle gun became unserviceable from the lodgment of particle of primer in the vent and was withdrawn. The rapidity of our fire was considerably interfered with by the failure of the friction primers. I had 1 horse killed and 2 others slightly wounded. A driver's saddle had a portion of the candle shot away.

The section having been moved to the rear, at 2 p. m.we returned to the bluff with my howitzer section and bronze rifle gun and took a position on the north side of the bluff, having range up the river. No boats passed during the afternoon or night. The gun-boat lying below fired three times at us in the evening. At 10 a. m. of the 27th instant, by order of Major-General Wharton, we left our position and marched to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. BENTON,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Major T. A. FARIES,

Chief of Artillery, Second Infantry Division.

