
Sergt. W. L. Patterson, killed; Captain Taylor's company, Private Henry Tugle, killed, Private Michael McMahom, mortally wounded; Captain Scott's company, Private James Powers, slightly wounded; in Captain Taylor's company 2 horses killed and 5 wounded; in Captain Tate's company 1 horse killed. There was captured and taken from the enemy 31 horses, 42 saddles and bridles, 25 sabers, 107 blankets, 6 Colt revolvers, 5 Burnside carbines, and some camp and garrison equipage.

Among some papers found was a letter to Balerio, signed with initials only, dated Camargo, March 2, 1864,and informing him that his recruits have gone forward, and that the forces under Colonel John L. Haynes have left the Rio grande and are on the march to relieve and re-enforce the said Balerio. As sufficient time had elapsed to enable said forces to have reached or be within striking distance of Balerio, considering the smallness of my force, the condition of my wounded (being without medical aid and without transportation), the impracticability of pursuit owing to the density and extent of the muscatel, and the distance from my support, I deemed it prudent and necessary to destroy such of said property as was not required and fit for use by the men on the spot, to replace either their lost, killed, or un serviceable horses, arms, or equipments, and there upon returned to camp on the San Fernando. The loss of the enemy must have been severe. Five dead bodies were found in the muscatel, but from the trails seen, showing that men had been dragged off when wounded, and pools of blood discovered, it is almost certain that at least 12 or 15 were killed or wounded. A large number of their horses were left on the ground either killed or wounded.

Captain Ware, of Colonel Buchel's regiment, Captains Cater, Taylor, and Richardson commanded detachments from their respective companies, and acted with conspicuous gallantry. The men behaved coolly and bravely.

As soon as the reports of the various commanders are received I will forward a full and detailed account.

A report, apparently well authenticated, has just reached me that the Yankees from Mustang Island landed at the mouth of the Oso yesterday (Monday) evening, and were engaged in getting some 100 bales of cotton heretofore secreted in that vicinity. I go in a few moments with 70 picked men to find and, if possible, capture them and their booty. As soon as some thing definite occurs I will inform you by express.

As I before wrote you, a section of a light battery with proper ammunition could render me most important service. I would urge upon you to hurry it forward; also, surgical instruments and medicines.

As you will perceive by the intercepted letter, the Yankee land forces in this vicinity have been orwell be increased, and I am too weak to attempt to accomplish much against such superior numbers. For this reason I must again urge you to send re-enforcements.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAT. NOLAN,

Major, Provisional Army, C. S. Commanding.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, P. A., C. S., San Antonio.

