
MARCH 13-26, 1864.-Scouts from Yellville to Buffalo River, Ark.

Abstract from Record of Events on return of the District of Southwest Missouri for March, 1864.

March 13.-Captain Samuel E. Turner, commanding detachment of the Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, numbering 109 men, marched from Yellville, Ark., to Buffalo River; came in contact with numerous small squads of guerrillas; destroyed some extensive saltpeter-works on Tomahawk Mountains; found a large amount of stolen property concealed in caves.

March 19.-Returned to Yellville, having marched about 200 miles, killed 10 bushwhackers, captured 13 (1 a rebel lieutenant), 22 stands of arms, and 28 horses and mules.

March 24.-Marched again from the same place with 105 men; attacked a small band under command of Captain Love 25 miles south of Yellville, on Buffalo River; had a sharp skirmish, killing 3 and capturing a number of horses and arms; returned to Yellville on the 26th instant.

March 28.-Captain Headlee, commanding a small detachment of the Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, returned to Yellville, bringing 18 prisoners, 1 a captain and recruiting officer for the rebel army. Captain Headlee reports to have killed 6 and wounded several without sustaining any loss.

Captain Orr, commanding detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry, marched from Rolling Prairie as escort to C. P. Walker, special Treasury agent, to Batesville, Ark.; had a slight skirmish on the 19th instant with a band under Colonel Love; wounded 1 and captured 2. Had several skirmishes on their return, killing in all 37 men, capturing 6 prisoners, 26 horses, 16 stand of arms, and wounding 2 and recovering 3 prisoners.

MARCH 15-21, 1864.-Scout from Batesville to West Point, Grand Glaize, Searcy Landing, &amp;c., Ark.

Report of Major Lew is C. Pace, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

BATESVILLE, ARK., March 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: In obedience to your letter of instructions bearing date March 15, 1864, I divided my command immediately after crossing White River and sent 100 men, under command of Captain Collier, directing him to move by way of Fair View Point, on Little Red River, which order he executed. I moved with the other 100 down White River; went into Camp Livingston, in Oil Trough Bottom, 8 miles west of Jacksonport. From this point, on the morning of the 17th instant, I moved south to Grand Glaize, in White County, a distance of 12 miles; from Grand Glaize I moved southwest in the direction of West Point. Seven miles from Grand Glaize, at one William Plant's, I captured a mail from the Southern army. The letters were dated March 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9, and were written at Camp Sumpter, 9 miles from Little Red River. No official information, however, of importance would be obtained, and they being more of a matrimonial character then otherwise, I returned them to Mr. Plant,

