
whose house seems to be a depot for Southern mails. I went into Camp Wood, 5 miles from West Point. On Friday morning, the 18th instant, I rejoined Captain Collier's detachment and moved up Little Red River to Searcy Landing. At this point there is a large flatboat used as a ferry-boat, and some 10 or 15 men are engaged building another much larger then the one now used. These two boats are sufficiently large and lengthy to construct a bridge across the river by the addition of 10 feet from each bank and 15 feet in the center. From this point I moved north and west into Camp Harris, 6 miles from Little Red River and 5 miles from Cedar Grove. From this point I moved west directly up the river; crossed Big Creek, moved on in the direction of Sugar Loaf Spring. Here I received information that a soldier who had deserted my command the night before was in advance of me inquiring for Little's camp. I immediately selected 100 of my best horses and crossed Red River, moving as rapidly as possible, but the deserter before mentioned had reached Little's camp and given information of our approach. I found on reaching his camp that he had been gone some forty or fifty minutes. We chased him some 3 miles ; his command scattered, and night coming on we gave up the chase, returning to his (Little's) camp. On Sunday morning, 19th instant, I recrossed the river and moved up in the direction of Kinderhook. I crossed Rutherford's trail 15 miles below Kinderhook. I went into Camp Colier, 10 miles below Kinderhook, at 2 p. m., and sent out scouts toward that place and other points to gain, if possible, some information of the whereabouts of Rutherford, and the information was such as led me to believe that he had moved from Little Red River over onto White River in the neighborhood of Buck Horn. I accordingly moved up 8 miles northeast and made a forced march of 40 miles to Richwoods', hoping to intercept Rutherford, should he be moving up the river. Went into Camp Ribble, at Colonel Kemp's. Here I ascertained that he had not gone up the river. I accordingly moved down the river through Buck Horn. Here I could gain no information of Rutherford. The time specified for my scout having expired, the men being without rations, and many of my horses being barefooted, I crossed White River near Heath's Ferry and came into this station. On the 21st instant I captured, on Raccoon Creek, Izard County, Captain Hancock, and 3 other soldiers of the Confederate Army. I also captured 2 soldiers of the Confederate Army near Grand Galize, all of whom I turned over tot he provost-marshal at Batesville. The county over which I traveled is a rough, rocky, and mountainous country, destitute of forage excepting in the valleys and coves of the mountains, and very little can be found in them. The farmers generally are busily engaged preparing their ground for planting, and express a great desire for peace on any terms. I also learned that McRae's camp was near Augusta and that Freeman's camp was a few miles above Augusta. The time consumed in my scout was seven days and the distance traveled 206 miles.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

L. C. PACE,

Major Eleventh Missouri Cav. Vols., Commanding Detachment.

Colonel LIVINGSTON,

Commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.

41 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

