
MARCH 16-25 1864.-Scout from Pilot Knob, Mo., to the Arkansas line, and skirmishes.

Report of Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Pilot Knob, Mo., March 26, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 76, headquarters Post of Pilot Knob, I left this post at 2 p. m. on the 16th March with 100 men, and encamped 3 miles north of Buford's Ford, on Black River.

On the 17th, I passed through Barnesville and encamped 6 miles from Current River, on Hen Peck Creek.

18th, took the main Alton road and encamped 3 miles north of Eleven Points River. After having encamped I sent a scout of 20 men, under the command of Lieutenant Blaim, to look after some desperadoes on Spring Creek. About 4 miles from camp he discovered some 8 or 10 in an old house and charged upon them. The rebels fired a volley from the windows and door, killing 1 private (Thorpe), of Company D, and wounding Sergeant Burks, of the same company; the availing themselves of some rugged bluffs in the rear of the house, made their escape, abandoning their horses.

On the morning of the 19th, I scoured the hills of Eleven Points River, and then proceeded through Alton to Fredericks's Fork, and encamped.

On the 20th, I took the Alton and Pocahontas road and moved forward in the direction of Pocahontas. About noon we came upon a rebel conscripting party. The advance charged upon them, killing 8, wounding 1 mortally, and capturing the remainder of the squad. On the afternoon of the same day a man was shot and killed bey the advance guard in attempting to make his escape from a house. We encamped at McElroy's, 10 miles from Pocahontas.

On the morning of the 21st, I moved forward to Pocahontas. Finding nothing there I took the road to Warm Suphur Springs, then a due west course to Elevent Points River, and encamped.

On the 22nd, I marched toward the headwaters of the Fourche a Thomas. Moving up that creek, about 5 o'clock in the after on we encountered Captain Payton with his company of horse-thieves and murderers. He drew up in line and fired upon the advance without effect, when, bringing my men forward at the gallop, I ordered a charge. The men went into them with a yell, killed 11, and pursued the remainder for miles across the hills, dispersing them in every direction. I encamped at this place for the night.

On the 23rd, took the Van Buren road, passed through that place and Patterson, arriving at this post on the evening of the 25th, having been absent nine and one-half days, traveled more than 300 miles, killed 21 guerrillas, captured 11 prisoners, some 12 horses, some arms, &amp;c. The whole country through which I passed is infested with small bands of guerrillas, their principal headquarters being in Oregon County, and commanded by Captains Payton, Long, and Evans. Kitchen, Freeman, and Love have concentrated for some purpose a force of about 500 men east of Black River, near Jacksonport. Reves has about 90 men 15 miles southeast of Pocahontas. No considerable force can exist for any length of time north of Pocahontas, there being no forage in the country. It was

