
with the utmost difficulty that I could obtain forage for 100 men by taking all I could find. There was about 15 feet of water in Black River at Pocahontas. I could not find any of Colonel Livingston's scouts; they never came up to the Missouri line.

JAMES WILSON,

Major 3rd Mo. State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Expd. to Ark.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN N. HERDER,

Commanding Post of Pilor Knob.

MARCH 17, 1864.-Affair at Corpus Christie, Tex.

Report of Major Mat. Nolan, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, LINE OF THE NEUCES,Banquete, March 21, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant. I informed you in my communication of the 15th instant of my starting to find and, if possible, capture the Yankees reported landed at the Oso and collecting cotton. I now have to report that on Tuesday, 15th instant, I left this post for the Oso. Found the Yankees had been landed as represented to the number of 93; had already collected a lot of bales of cotton, and with it left for Corpus Christie on Wednesday, 16th instant, at 9 a. m. I found two wagons with mule teams loading with cotton at the house of W. S. Gregory. Thomas S. Parker, his son, Peter Parker, and a negro, the property of Mrs. Widow Johnson, were engaged at the cotton. I arrested these parties, and at once sent them to theirs post under guard with the wagons and teams and eleven bales of cotton. In the mean time, my scouts having learned the strength of the enemy, and that they had sent for and momentarily expected re-enforcements by boats from Mustang Island, I at once sent a courier to Captain Ware, commanding camp on San Fernando, and ordered him to re-enforce me with 40 men. I then proceeded toward Corpus Christie in pursuit of the enemy. At 1 p. m. found his pickets and ascertained that the main body of his forces were posted and ascertained that the main body of his forces were posted at the landing and wart in houses behind some ninety-five bales of cotton, brought in from the Oso and other points. At the same time discovered three sailing vessels beating in to their relief. I then awaited my re-enforcements. About dusk the enemy's vessels effected a landing, and disembarked about 75 men. About the same time my courier returned from Captain Ware, but without the required re-enforcements.* Being thus unable to attack the enemy with any show of success with the force at my command, I invested to town closely all night with a view to prevent communication, and, if possible, pick up any small party that might be thrown out by the enemy. On Thursday following, the 17th instant, at about 11 a. m., having concealed my force in the chaparral, with a picked party of 2 officers and 7 men, in person, I successfully drove into town the enemy's pickets on the south side of the town, killing 1 and wounding 1 man and capturing 1 Enfield rifle. In this affair Private Lawrence Dunn, of Captain Ware's company, Colonel Buchel's regiment, was shot through the arm, but not dangerously wounded.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

