
The enemy rallying and now throwing out a heavy force, I retired before him to the line of chaparral, and thence kept him within the town. In the course of the day the cotton was taken on board the vessels at the wharf, and at 10 o'clock at night the whole force embarked and left, taking with them several families of renegades-women and children. Owing to the letter fact and that the town was full of helpless women and children, many of whom the families of soldiers serving in our army, and knowing that a fight in the town could not but expose these parties to great danger and risk floss of life even, I did not deem it proper to entre the town upon the heels of the enemy and attempt to harass or annoy his embarkation. On Friday, the 18th instant, still keeping the town invested and my main force concealed, I entered the town with a party of 20 men. Found that the enemy had made close search for Captain S. W. Fullerton, a private citizen, and for Alexander Stringer, assessor and collector, with a view to their arrest, but without success. They had searched the dwelling of Colonel Levenskiold and the residence of my family, arrested Miss. McMahom, and kept her confined under guard, mistaking her for Mrs. Nolan, but on ascertaining their mistake released her; also Miss Savoy, mistaking her for a Miss Mullen, a sister of a soldier in our army. The families of J. M. Howell (a citizen prisoner in their hands), Lovenskiold, and Mrs. McMahom were kept closely within their own dwelling. On the house occupied by the family of Howell they raised the Union flag. Several male citizens were arrested, kept confined the day of my skirmish, but released on their departure. The renegades H. W. Berry, Christian Anderson, John Cody, Thomas Tinney, and several others, were seen with the enemy and under arms.

After removing a lot of bales of bagging, on Friday evening I withdrew from the town, no appearance of an enemy in any direction, and returned with my force to this point. Find all quiet in front, and nothing new from the line of the San Fernando. Up to the present writing no re-enforcemets or additional troops have arrived or reported to me, nor has any artillery been received.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAT. NOLAN,

Major, Provisional Army, C. S., Commanding.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, P. A. C. S., San Antonio.

MARCH 17-APRIL 1, 1864.-Scout from Lebanon, Mo., into Northern Arkansas, and skirmishes.

Report of Colonel Joseph J. Gravely, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Lebanon, Mo., April 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant William T. Chitwood, Company G, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, sent out on a scout by your order of 17th March, returned to Lebanon last evening, and reports that he marched to Thomasville, Oregon County, Mo., without anything of interest transpiring. On 26th of

