
March he heard of rebels near Spring River Mills in Arkansas. Marched south on 26th, and when near the Arkansas line discovered fresh trail of horses, coming north from direction of the mills. Turned west. In following trail learned that they were rebels under command of Capts. B. Chambers and Kitchen; followed them about 8 miles and came in sight of them, about 30 or 35 in number. Selected 20 of his best mounted men, and watched a favorable opportunity to attack them, which was presented by rebels turning the point of a hill in a ravine, concealing his approach until he was quite near them; ordered a charge, and rushed up among the enemy, taking them by surprise. In the charge Captain Chambers and 4 of his men were killed and the remainder fled, scattering in all directions. They attempted to form for fight on side of the mountain, but with little success. The only injury the lieutenant's command sustained was the wounding of 3 horses of his command, his own being one of the number. He left the place where the fight occurred and went 6 miles to obtain forage-he had had none for two days. The enemy had much the best horses, and he was unable to overtake them after they fled. Captain Chambers had quite a number of letter from Southern soldiers to their friends in Missouri; letters stated that they had an opportunity to send their letters. He had a Confederate battle-flag and Confederate money. His orders herewith inclosed.

On the 27th, Lieutenant Chitwood learned, by passing himself for a secessionist, that Captain Evans, a bushwhacker, had 5 or 6 men following him and watching his movements. He left a sergeant and 5 men on side of the road, and about 11 o'clock, 27th, 3 men passed along on his trail; they were fired upon, and 1 man killed, which proved to be Lieutenant Roberts, of Captain Evans' company; the other 2 made their escape. The lieutenant says that he learned, from what he considers reliable information, that Colonel Freeman's command, numbering 500 or 600 men, was near Pocahontas at the time; says that he could not obtain any forage of any consequence in Oregon county; that his horses were broken down, several of them having to be abandoned; that he believed that after the fight on the 26th that all gangs of rebels in Oregon County made for Freeman's command, and that they would not return without a sufficient force to overpower him, and that the therefore returned; his command reached Gasconade last night. The lieutenant reports that Captain Chambers and several of the men's horses were shot, so as to be worthless; that he captured 2 horses which were not injured, which were rode in by men of his command, whose horses were wounded and had to be abandoned.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

General J. B. SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.

[Inclosure.]

MILITARY SPECIAL ORDERS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF MISSOURI, Numbers 12. Little Rock, Ark., June 27, 1863.

I. Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States of America, having been authorized by Lieutenant-

