
General Smith, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, to go into the State of Missouri and there enlist, for twelve month, volunteer companies for the service of the Confederate States, authority is hereby granted to Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, by himself, or his agent therefor by him appointed in writing, to impress, in the name of the State of Missouri and on its credit, all supplies which he may deem necessary or useful in his recruiting service.

II. Whenever supplies are impressed under this order, a written certificate shall be given to the person from whom the same are impressed, setting forth the quantity, description, and market value thereof, the person from whom and the place at which they are taken, that the same are impressed under this order, and that compensation will hereford on satisfactory evidence of the loyalty of the owner thereof to the State of Missouri and the Confederate States of America during the present war.

III. A full and accurate account shall be rendered to the quartermaster-general of State of Missouri of all property impressed under this orders, specifying as far as possible the supplies used before and those used after the muster into the Confederate service of the company to which the recruits receiving such supplies may belong.

IV. Every appointment by Colonel Waldo P. Johnson of an agent under this order shall be accompanied by a copy of this order, certified by Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, and no such agent shall have any authority to appoint any sub-agent, unless expressly thereto authorized in writing by Colonel Waldo P. Johnson.

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Governor of Missouri and Commander-in-Chief Missouri State Guards.

A true copy:

WALDO P. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Missouri Infantry.

JUNE, 27, 1863.

Having authorized Colonel Edward B. Hull to recruit in the State of Missouri, he is hereby authorized to exercise the following powers granted in the foregoing order of Thomas C. Reynolds, Governor of the State of Missouri, to wit:

When he recruits troops for the Confederate service, he is authorized to impress provisions for his men and forage for their teams, and also the necessary transportation, keeping an accurate account of the among taken and the disposition made of the same, being careful, in all proceedings, to conform strictly with the provisions of said order.

WALDO P. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Missouri Infantry.

Colonel Hull is authorized to empower as many as 6 persons to impress supplied in compliance with the foregoing order.

WALDO P. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Missouri Infantry.

Captain Chambers is authorized to exercise the powers granted in the foregoing order for all troops raised under my orders.

E. B. HULL,

Colonel, on Recruiting Service.

