SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 6. Oregon Country, Mo., March 25, 1864.

Lieutenant A. W. ROBERTS:

You are hereby authorized to collect all the C. S. Army troops you may find in said county, and also to raise all the new recruits you can for Captain G. W. Evans' company. He will do his utmost to suppress jayhawking wherever he may go, and he will report progress on the 10th of each month.

G. W. EVANS,Captain, Commanding C. S. Army Forces in Southern Missouri.

MARCH 19, 1864.-Attack on Laredo, Tex.

Reports of Colonel Santos Benavides, Texas Cavalry.*
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO GRANDE,Laredo, Tex., March 19, 1864-7 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the town of Laredo has been attacked this afternoon about 3 o'clock by the enemy's forces, consisting of about 200 men (cavalry), Mexicans and Americans, which, I think, is the advance guard of the enemy's forces en route to this place. I have received positive information from my spies down below on the river that the remainder of the enemy's forces are the following: About 300 men (infantry) and two pieces of artillery coming this way, and which will arrive here in about two days. I have resisted these forces here now during this afternoon with my men, which are about 60 men all told. We have done all we could-resisted the enemy until night broke in. The enemy have withdrawn to about half a mile from town, but still keep up their fire with us. You are well aware that their arms have superiority over ours, so we have barricaded the plaza and streets and are anxious to receive re-enforcements. I am entirely in the dark yet whether the encampment of our forces was attache dor not at the same time, but I hope not. As soon as my men, who are encamped on the Lapata, about 25 miles north of Laredo, arrive here this night, I will try to attack the enemy to-morrow morning. I have also sent a swift express to Captain Giddings, commanding at Eagele Pass, to send me or re-enforce me with all his men he can possibly spare as on as possible. Should I fail to obtain the necessary re-enforcements before the enemy advanced in so strong a force, I will be compelled to evacuate this town and retreat toward Eagle Pass, as it is an impossibility forme to remain here much longer without any re-enforcements and on account of the scarcity of ammunition on hand. I would suggest to you that if you could succeed, to get into the rear of the enemy, touching the river about the Clareno ranch or farther up. I think that if I join with Captain Giddings' command, which numbers about 150 men, I shall be able to hold Eagel Pass until you succeed to get into the enemy's rear. I must state that the reason of

---------------

*See also Ford to Turner, March 31, Part II, p. 1106.

---------------

