
not being notified sooner of the movements of the enemy is that the Yankees have not traveled any road whatsoever, but being guided by some good guides, and were never encountered by my scouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SANTOS BENAVIDES,

Colonel, Commanding Line.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, Camp San Fernando.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO [GRANDE],Laredo, Tex., March 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the town of Laredo was attacked by the enemy on the 19th ultimo, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The news of the advance of the enemy on this town reached me only a short time before they were in view, and but little time was left to make preparations for our defense. I immediately collected my forces,only consisting of about 42 men of Captains Refugio and Cristoval Benavides' companies, and Captain Chapman's company, numbering about 30 men, and also a few American volunteers. All the citizens of this town rallied gallantly for the defense; and erecting barricades in the plaza, after I posted the citizens and Captain Chapman's company for the defense of the interior of the town, I proceeded with 42 men of my command to its outskirts, divided them in squads, and placed them compelled them to retreat to their main force, stationed half a mile from town. The Yankees, dismounting, the advanced on foot, keeping up a rapid fire. My men also maintained a steady fire, when the brave Major Swope and a Mexican named Juan Ivara charged right upon an advancing squad of 40 Yankees and compelled them to retreat. Major Swope stood there until he emptied the last shot of his six hooter, which compelled him to retire for the purpose of reloading. While doing so his horse was shot three times, and also Juan Ivara's. The enemy advanced again, but were repulsed by the vigorous fire of my gallant men, who were full of fight. None of our men were killed or wounded. I am not positive that any of the enemy have been killed, but my men assert that a good many of the Yanks were wounded, and that traces of blood have been found in various places. The firing was kept up until dark, when the Yankees thought best to skedaddle in their own peculiar style and give up their intention of walking into Laredo that day. They retreated about dark 3 miles below town and encamped, and our men kept by me in the same position described, expecting every moment a new assault on the town. About 2 o'clock at night my re-enforcements arrived, which were stationed about 25 miles north from Laredo for the purpose of grazing our horses. On the arrival of my re-enforcements a general rejoicing took place among our little force, indicated by the ringing of church bells and blowing of trumpets,

