
which I presume the Yanks must have heard and rather guessed that I received re-enforcements. Early next morning, Captain Refugio Benavides, with about 60 well-mounted men, was sent to flank the enemy and get into their rear. He found, on reaching the enemy's camp, that they all had left in a stampede, throwing away some jackets and other things. He found, also, 5 horses, branded U. S., which were left behind by the locomotive enemy in their hasty retreat.

Captain R. Benavides started out again yesterday in pursuit of the enemy, to follow them up and find out all he can concerning them and their movements. To the best of my belief they are retreating towards Rio Grande City, where the other portion of the enemy is stationed, and their strength at Rio G [rande] City is supposed to be 300 men (infantry) and two 12-pounder rifled guns. I think that the enemy will advance next time in am ruche larger force. They are well aware what my force is through their spies, and will

undoubtedly bring a sufficient body next time to attack this place. I have written to Captain Giddings, commanding at Eagle Pass, to re-enforce me with all his available men as soon as possible, and would also suggest to you to send some re-enforcements to me if they can be spared from your command. I will do my best to hold the town as long as possible against any number of foes, but to do so I would beg of you to send me some ammunition, which I am in great need of. My requisition was not all filled at San Antonio last time. Please send me some Mississippi yagers, shotguns, minie rifle, Belgian musket, and navy-size six-shooter cartridges if possibly before ten days.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SANTOS BENAVIDES,

Colonel, Commanding Line of Rio Grande.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD, or

COMMANDING OFFICER,

At Sant Antonio, Tex.

MARCH 19-22, 1864.-Scout from Lexington, Mo.

Report of Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Lexington, Mo., March 23, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at 9 p. m. of the 18th instant, I received the following telegram:
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT MISSOURI,Warrensburg, March 18, 1864.

Major A. W. MULLINS:

General Rosecrans telegraphs that there are apprehensions of an outbreak in Jackson County to occur about the 20th, and that recruits from Platte County will join it. You will move immediately and concentrate in Jackson west of Greenton Valley, leaving guards at the post you now occupy. I will orders part of Captain Eads' company to co-operate with you. Inform the commanders in eastern part of Jackson County of your movements and act in concert with them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

