
In obedience to this order, I marched on the 19th instant, with detachments of Companies G and H, to the western part of La Fayette County, immediately west of Greenton Valley, and there joined Captain Burris' command, consisting of detachments of Companies C, F, and I, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. On the 20th, with this command we scouted the country west of Bone Hill and north of the Lexington and Independence road. During the day Captain Burris came upon 2 bushwhackers at their camp, in the midst of an extensive and dense thicket. The captain fired two shots at once of them at a distance of about 40 yards, but both succeeded in making the escape, leaving behind them 2 horses, 3 overcoats, a lot of blankets, quilts, and a quantity of camp equipage and provisions, which fell into Captain Burris' hands. Captain burris thinks his first shot wounded the bushwhacker the fired at, but did to disable him. On the 21st, Captain Burris with his command scouted the country west and northwest of Pink Hill; I, with detachments of Companies G and H, scouted the Sni Creek country above Pink Hill and to within 6 miles of Lone Jack. On the 22nd, I separated from Captain Burris' command and scouted the east branch of Sni Creek, west of Hopewell, and returned to Lexington at 8 p. m. I found it was impracticable to encamp beyond the La Fayette County line in Jackson, for want of forage, and consequently encamped in La Fayette, but near the line. We found quieta number of bushwhackers' old camps, but I saw no indications of there being at present any considerable number of them in that part of the country. One Beall Jeans, formerly a colonel in the Confederate service, is said to be chief among the bushwhackers in Jackson County. One Beall Jeans, formerly a colonel in the Confederate service, is said to be chief among the bushwhackers in Jackson County. I was informed by a man named James McFarland, who resides west of Bone Hill, in Jackson County, that Jeans has been in that vicinity during the past winter, and that he is recruiting for the rebel army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-Dist., District Central Missouri.

MARCH 19-APRIL 4, 1864.-Expedition from Rolling Prairie to Batesville, Ark., with skirmishes.

Report of Major James A. Melton, Second Arkansas Cavalry.*
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, April 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the arrival at these headquarters of the detachment of my command sent to escort the Treasuryagen to Batesville,as by your orders of the 14th ultimo. The expedition was not without importance nor dangers, as shows by the report of Captain Orr, who was in command of the detachment. Starting from the camp of the regiment near Rolling Prairie on the 19th ultimo, Captain Orr crossed White River 12 miles from Yellville without hinderance or difficulty. On the 21st, a light skirmish

---------------

*See also itinerary, p. 640.

---------------

