
took place at Ten Broeck's Mills, between his advance guard and the enemy, under Colonel Love, who had 1 man wounded, 2 taken prisoners, and retreated toward Craighead Country via Salem. The detachment passed unmolested to Batesville 23rd ultimo. The men of the detachment were mostly from the neighborhood. Fleeing from their homes at the beginning of the war, they had not seen their families for two years and over. With the consent of Colonel Livingston, 68 of the 104 of the party were granted leave of absence for forty-eight hours. One squad of these men was attacked by some of the enemy at Sulphur Rock, within 8 miles of Batesville, and 2 of the men captured and robbed and then paroled. Upon information of this, Captain Orr, Colonel Livingston assenting, dispatched the 36 remaining men of his command, under Captain Irwin, with Lieutenants Creighton and Garner, on the track of the enemy. They had left Suphur Rock. Captain Irwin continued pursuit, and swimming White River at Magnus Landing, where the enemy had crossed a few minutes before, overtook them 6 miles beyond, while at a halt. He instantly ordered and gave charge, routed the enemy in twenty minutes, killed 4, wounded 1, captured 2, released 3 U. S. discharged soldiers, carried away by the rebels as prisoners of war, and after driving the enemy to within 3 miles of the rebel General McRae's headquarters, returned to Batesville the same day with the prisoners and captured property, without loss or damage whatever. Mean time the men out on leave had returned, and on the 26th Captain Orr left Batesville. He was apprised that Freeman intended to cut him off before he could reach White River. It was attempted fruitlessly. An entire reconnoitering party of Freeman's but one, who was made prisoner, paid their life for the experiment. From the prisoner it was learned that Freeman had picket 140 men, the best armed and mounted in his command, under one Captain Adams, to intercept Captain Orr at all hazards, engage him, and give no quarters. The rebels, however, after the loss of their scouting party, did not venture to attack him. He crossed White River uninterrupted and arrived safe in camp on the 2nd instant via Yellville. In the several encounters with the enemy on that march Captain Orr suffered no loss in men, while of the enemy, 37 killed, 6 prisoners, and 2 wounded, 26 serviceable horses captured, 16 stand of inferior arms left in our hands, 1 U. S. saddle, 3 of our prisoners liberated attest the good conduct of our troops and of the officers at their head.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry.

General J. B. SANDORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

MARCH 20-30, 1864.-Scouts in Jackson and La Fayette Counties, Mo., with skirmishes.

Report of Captain Milton Burris, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

[WARRENSBURG, MO.,] March 31, 1864.

SIR: Captain Burris and 47 men started on scout the 20th; wounded Colonel Jeans, captured 2 horses and some blankets, broke up one guerrilla camp, all in Jackson County; returned same day; trav-

