
1 man alone escaped. The command was rapidly brought up and went the nearest route to Freeman's camp, north of Rohrer's Mill, on Middle Sylamore Creek. Several shots were fired from there at our advance and the whole force dashed into the camp, but the rebels had slipped out on a by-road, and were hiding themselves. From information obtained and judging by the tracks I ascertained that Freeman's train and a portion of his forces had moved northward along the creek. I sent the advance guard and one squadron in charge of Captain Ribble in pursuit of them, and collected the remainder of my force, placing prisoners and led horses in the center of the column, and followed the advance guard. The train was overtaken, the wagons containing camp equipage and officers' clothing were destroyed by fire 12 mules and a number of horses were captured 8 men were killed (among them a Captain Franks, who had a recruiting commission with him); also 7 men were taken prisoners.

I learned that Freeman intended to encamp on Big Flat and had his wagons directed to that point. I therefore hastened to that place before the rebels could get possession, and obtained all the forage, reaching Big Flat at 3 p. m., having marched 25 miles. Both horses and men were very much exhausted, and it was necessary to halt for two hours. Two squadrons were then sent out into the hills toward the Burrowsville road to reconnoiter and ascertain the enemy's whereabouts. In this they were unsuccessful. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 28th, I started my forces back over the hill road and found that the enemy had been trying to pass our camp in the night, but failing in this had returned. I followed his tracks to Cooper's Mill, where I heard that Freeman had retreated to the town of Sylamore. A party of 25 men was sent out to the old encampment of Freeman at Rohrer's Mill. They had found no rebels, and that Rohrer's Mill. They had found no rebels, and that Rohrer's Mill was burned and destroyed.

The command of the Sixth Missouri State Militia, under Captain Turner, there took the road toward Burrowsville, where a portion of the Eighth Missouri State Militia were reported to have been . I recommended that Captain Turner, after joining the Eighth Missouri State Militia, should march toward North Fork of White River to intercept Freeman. I continued the march with the remainder of my command, with prisoners and captured horses, toward Sylamore, sending two squadrons into that place to ascertain of the enemy had possession of it. All I could learn was that Freeman had probably crossed the river at Mount Olive, moving to the North Fork of White River. After marching 33 miles my command encamped 5 miles south of Sylamore. At 4 a. m. January 29, a detachment of two squadrons was sent to a place called Round Bottom. The remainder of the command canontinued on the Batersville road to Hinkle's farm, and from there to South Rocky Bayou, where the two squadrons from round Bottom joined them. Some guerrillas and bandits were seen upon the hills; 2 of them were killed and several wounded. A number of horses were captured on the same occasion. The combined forces then marched to White River and forded it at the month of Rocky Bayou, encamping upon the rebel Colonel Black. The distance marched that day was 20 miles. On the morning of the 30th, at 2.30 o'clock, the command started and marched down the river to Wall's Ferry and the took the main road toward Batesville, arriving there at 2 p. m., after marching 25 miles. The main object of the expedition was not accomplished, on

