
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 1, 1864. (Received 10 a. m., 6th.)

The following telegram is just received:

PINE BLUFF, ARK., March 31, 1864.

The expedition to Mount Elba and Long View has just returned. We destroyed the pontoon bridge at Long View, burned a train of 35 wagons loaded with camp and garrison equipments, ammunition, quartermaster's stores, &amp;c.; captured 320 prisoners. Engaged in battle at Mount Elba yesterday morning General Dockery's division, of about 1,200 men, from Monticello. Routed him, and pursued him 10 miles, with a loss on his side of over 100 killed and wounded. Captured a large quantity of small-arms, 2 stands of colors, many wagons, and over 300 horses and mules. Our loss will not exceed 15 in killed, wounded, and missing. We brought in several hundred contrabands. The expedition was a complete success, details of which will be furnished in my officer report, which will be forwarded in a few days.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Nothing from General Steele since the 28th ultimo, when he was on the march about 20 miles from Arkadelphia.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, April 10, 1864. (Received 15th.)

GENERAL: The following is just received from General Steele, dated--

FIVE MILES SOUTH OF LITTLE MISSOURI RIVER CROSSING, At Elkin's Ferry, April 7.

Reached here on the 5th, and waiting for General Thayer to come up. He will probably join me to-morrow night. Leaving here, I shall proceed directly to Camden with my whole force. Supplies are limited, and must be renewed before proceeding farther. Had slight skirmishing in the advance; not enough to stop us. On the 2nd, Shelby attacked my rear guard, General Rice's brigade,with 1,200 cavalry and two pieces of artillery. He was repulsed with a loss of 100 killed and wounded. Our loss 44 killed and wounded and 15 prisoners. On the 4th, Marmaduke attacked with 3,000 to 4,000 cavalry and five pieces of artillery, on the south side of the Little Missouri River, and after five hours' fighting was routed and fled. Our loss, 23 wounded. Marmaduke, with his whole force, including Shelby, Cabell, Lawther, Greene, &c., are in the Prairie D'Ane, 6 mile from us, but will run as we move. Hear nothing from Banks or the Prairie D'Ane, 6 miles from us, but will run we move. Hear nothing from Bamks or the gun-boats since the taking of Alexandria. In my opinion Banks has force enough march over them, fortifications and all.

F. STEELE,Major-General, Commanding.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.

