
and will move to Red River as soon as possible, but consider it all-important to hold this place. Red River is less to be depended upon for purposes of navigation than the Arkansas. I am not apprised that there will be any supplies for my command on the Red River, and would therefore request that supplies be sent up the Washita River as soon as possible, to save land transportation from Little Rock and Pine Bluff.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 26, 1864.

I am informed in telegraph office, War Department, that a copy of this telegram was sent to Lieutenant-General Grant last evening.

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &C., In the Field, Camden, Ark., April 18, 1864. (Received 5.25 p. m., 25th.)

GENERAL: Since sending my dispatch of yesterday one of my messengers has returned from Red River. He left General Banks on the 13th instant, but brought no written communication. He says General Banks directed him to say that he fought the enemy on the 8th and 9th April, at or near Pleasant Hill, about 30 miles above Natchitoches, and defeated him, but was compelled to fall back to Grand Ecore for supplies. This place is about 75 miles above Alexandria. He further says that a staff officer of General Lee informed him that in the first day's fight the enemy took 22 pieces of artillery and all of General Lee's train, but that next day the artillery was recaptured, except 8 pieces. He also says Red River is very low and that some of the gun-boats are reported aground, unable to move either way.

Very respectfully,F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Grant and Major-General Sherman, April 25.)

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &C., Camden, Ark., April 22, 1864.

GENERAL: We arrived here on the 15th instant, having been delayed about ten days by bad roads and the failure of the command from Fort Smith to join us according to agreement. We have been bushwhacked, attacked in front and rear and flank, and have driven

