HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Little Rock, Ark., April 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of telegrams from Colonel Powell Clayton, commanding at Pine Bluff for supplies for the army under General Steele at Camden; also copy of telegram of this date to Major-General Sherman. Permit me to ask for General Steele, in his absence, that at least 3,000 cavalry or 3,000 cavalry horses be sent to this department immediately, as there are here now more than that number who are dismounted.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

PINE BLUFF, April 25, 1864.

Three men have just come in from the train from Camden. They report the same as having [been] attacked at 10 o'clock this morning, 9 miles beyond the Saline. The enemy is supposed to be Shelby and Cabell. A portion of the train was captured when they left, and the fight still going on. One of the men is a wagon-master, one a soldier, and the other a messenger. I will telegraph upon further information.

POWELL CALYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PINE BLUFF, April 25, 1864. (Received 26th.)

Captain Magill, of Colonel McLean's staff, has just come in; he left the scene of our disaster to-day at 11 o'clock p. m. At that time our force, acting as escort for the train, was surrounded and over a hundred of the wagons in the hands of the enemy. The rebel forces were under Shelby and Fagan, and at least 5,000 strong. He thinks the entire train and artillery is captured, and the escort, consisting of Colonel McLean's brigade, are probably captured. Also I received an order from General Steele yesterday morning to send what force I could spare to communicate and co-operate with the train. I accordingly sent out the Eighteenth Illinois Infantry and all of the cavalry at my disposal. The cavalry arrived in time to take part in the engagement. The infantry are at Mount Elba; I will recall them at once. Captain Migill reports the loss upon both sides up to the time he left as being very heavy. Had I not better send out a flag of truce to take care of our wounded and bury our dead?

POWELL CALYTON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

