
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

PINE BLUFF, April 26, 1864.

The attack upon our train yesterday at Marks' Mills resulted in its entire capture. We have lost 240 wagons, 5 pieces of artillery, and without doubt almost the entire escort. The fight was very severe, and lasted about three hours. The escort consisted of Colonel McLean's brigade, and between 300 and 400 cavalry, altogether about 1,500 men; they were crushed by overwhelming numbers of the enemy, A portion of the cavalry and a few mounted officers succeeded in cutting their way through after everything was lost.

POWELL CAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

PINE BLUFF, April 27, 1864.

About 190 of the cavalry train escort have come in; 180 enlisted men and 6 commissioned officers are still missing. About 90 infantrymen have come in. One of General Steele's escort came in this morning; he said he staid the night before with Shelby, and says that Shelby claims to have 1,200 prisoners. He stated also that a portion of the enemy's command went toward the Washita River with the prisoners and captured property, and that the balance under Shalby went toward Charning's Ferry, on the Salime. I sent a flag of truce out yesterday morning, but don't expect them to return before to-morrow night.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Little Rock, Ark., April 28, 1864.

A train of 240 wagons, with an escort of about 1,600 infantry, 400 cavalry, and 5 pieces of artillery, was attacked ar Marks's Mills, 8 miles beyond the Saline River, on the Camden and Pine Bluff road, at 10 o'clock on the 25th instant, and after a desperate fight of three hours, the train, with all the artillery and the greater portion of the infantry and cavalry, was captured. About 300 men escaped and have made their way to Pine Bluff and Little Rock. The enemy's force consisted of Shelby's and Fagan's commands, of about 5,000 men-cavalry and mounted infantry and two batteries of artillery. I was informed by Captain Dunham, of General Banks' staff, and bearer of dispatches from General Steele to General Banks, that a very large train was captured Marmaduke on the 18th instant, on the Washington road, some few miles out of Camden. This, if true, leaves General Steele with only about 150 wagons to supply his army. The chief quartermaster has sent an agent to Memphis and Saint Louis for wagons and mules. Will you please order, say, 2,000 mules and

