HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Little Rock, Ark., May 1, 1864.

GENERAL: The following just received:

Brigadier-General WEST:

The escort commanded by Captain Toppass, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, which I sent to General Steele yesterday morning, has returned, having marched 65 miles in nine and one-half hours. General Steele evacuated Camden on Tuesday, the 26th of April; arrived on the Saline at Jenkins' Ferry Friday, the 29th, at 1 p. m., and yesterday, Saturday morning, was attacked by the combined forces of Kirby Smith and Price on the south side of the Saline. After fighting five hours, he drove them from the field, captured 3 pieces of artillery and some prisoners. He than crossed the Saline without obstruction. Our loss is estimated at 500 in killed, wounded, and missing; the enemy's at 1,000. Our wounded were brought across the river. General Rice was severely wounded. It was evident the enemy attacked General Steele with a superior force. Our troops fought most gallantly. Particular praise is given to Knasas colored troops for their stubborn valor. General Steele's army is in spirits.

C. C. ANDERWS,Brigadier-General.

General Carr, with 2,200 cavalry, came into Little Rock at 9 o'clock this morning. He left the Saline at 5 p. m., the 29th ultimo. Thirty thousand rations have been sent from Pine Bluff to General Steele. Troops are being concentrated at Little Rock to meet an attack.

Very respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, May 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I sent you dispatches from Camden on the 18th ultimo, given an account of the operations of my command up to that date. Some of my dispatches of subsequent date did not get through. I shall send Colonel Manter, chief of my staff, as bearer of dispatches. He is well acquainted with everything relating to this department, and will be able to give any information on the subject which may be required; and any suggestions, aside from written instructions, which it may be thought advisable to send me, would be faithfully delivered to me.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,F. STEELE,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, May 4, 1864.

GENERAL: On my arrival at this place night before last I learned that my dispatches from Camden up to the 18th ultimo had been forwarded to you, and also dispatches from Colonel Clayton and General Anderws giving imperfect accounts of subsequent events.

