
roads through the Moro Swamp on the Mount Elba road, the march was directed toward Jenkins' Ferry, via Princeton. Fagan, with a considerable force, crossed our road a few hours in advance of us, moving toward Benton, where it was said he was going to cross the Saline for the purpose of threatening Little Rock.

Our advance reached the Saline at Jenkins' Ferry at 2 p. m. 29th. It rained very heavily. The pontoon was laid, and the cavalry commenced crossing immediately. The stream was high and was continually rising from the rain which continued to fall. From the same cause the bottom, being cut up by our artillery and baggage Before the rear of the column got into the bottom it was attacked by infantry and artillery. No damage was done us; the rebels were kept off by our skirmishers. The infantry bivouacked in the bottom, while the trains and artillery. No damage was done us; the rebels were kept off by our skirmishers. The infantry bivouacked in the bottom, while the trains and artillery were being crossed all night. At daylight on the morning of the 30th, the enemy commenced skirmishing with our pickets. I suppose it was Fagan's command, which had returned on our rear. The firing did not become very heavy for several hours. I directed General Carr, with nearly all shortest route to Little Rock to intercept any rebel force that might be moving in that direction. The Saline bottom is 2 miles wide on each side of the river along the Jenkins' Ferry road. The rain continued and many of the wagons became irretrievably struck in the mud on the east side of the river. Some of the animals, from exhaustion and want of forage, were unable to make their way through the miry places without the harness, consequently a good deal of baggage and some of the wagons had to be destroyed and teams doubled on the ammunition train. The train and artillery were parked on the high grounds, 2 1\2 miles from the bridge, as they arrived. They were guarded at first only by about 1,500 dismounted and ineffective cavalry. As we did not know where the enemy might strike us, it was thought prudent to order forward two regiments of infantry to their support. While the crossing was going on General Salomon was left with his division, consisting of the brigades of General rice and Colonel Engelmann, supported by General Thayer's division of the Army of the Frontier, except two regiments that had been sent to the front to cover our rear and prevent the enemy from interrupting the crossing. The fire of the enemy became heavy, and Salomon formed his line of battle in a good position for defense, the right resting perpendicularly on an impassable bayou, and the left, which was protected by a wooded swamp against anything except, perhaps, skirmishers, was thrown back. The reserve was so posted that any part of the line which might be pressed could be promptly re-enforced. About 9 a. m. the enemy made a desperate assault in heavy force upon our line, but were handsomely repulsed, our troops having the advantage in cover as well as position. General Salomon asked for more troops, and expressed some doubts of being able to hold his position without them. I ordered up two regiments of infantry that had been sent to the front, and instructed him to hold his position at all hazards. This effort was renewed with redoubled energy, but they were again repulsed and driven back with great slaughter.

At 10.30 a. m. another assault was made along the whole line and the rebels repulsed and driven off the field, our troops charging them as they fell back. The Second Kansas (colored) took 2 guns and

