
account of the cowardice of the enemy, who would never make a stand for flight, and fled whenever they heard of our approach. They would have been annihilated if my force could have came upon them, but the formation of the hills and mountains and their through acquaintance with them gave them a great advantage and enabled them to avoid us and escape . I learned that Freeman had 380 men fully and equipped, and 60 men indifferently armed.

The loss our side on the expedition was 1 man (Sergeant Millen, Company G, First Nebraska Cavalry) wounded, and 1 horse shot thought the neck. Five horses became completely exhausted, and had to be shot. The rebel loss is 25 men killed and a number wounded; 36 prisoners were brought into Batesville, and 4 others were to report at district headquarters. The rebel transportation trains was captured and destroyed. The papers of Freeman's quartermaster and the colonel's commission were taken, and 12 good mules and about 60 horses were taken and brought with the command to Batesville. The weather was very fine, the roads in good condition, and the men in the best of spirits. In the eight days of our absence from Batesville the command traveled 236 miles, averring nearly 30 miles per day.

The officers and men both of the First Nebraska and Sixth Missouri State Militia behaved very well and every order was obeyed promptly.

Annexed to this report is a sketch* of that portion of the country over which my command traveled, and will show how often the column changed the direction of its march in vain endeavors to bring on an engagement with the enemy.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BAUMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General District Northeastern Arkansas.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Samuel E. Turner, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, of skirmish on Sylamore, Creek and including operations January 16-February 6.
HDQRS. COMPANY D, SIXTH MO. STATE MILITIA CAV.,Springfield, Mo. February 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: Pursuant-to Special Orders, Numbers 13., headquarters District of Southwest Missouri, dated January 15, 1864, I proceeded, in command of 92 men of the Sixth Cavalry Regiment Missouri State Militia, to take a dispatch to Batesville, Ark., and marched from Springfield January 16, via Ozark, Beaver Creek, Braton's Store,north of White River, and Springfield Creek, to Batesville, Ark., distance 191 miles, where we

