
the purpose of threatening Little Rock. If this were true they retired on learning that we were marching on the same point. Our troops behaved in all the engagements of this campaign in the most gallant manner. I have never seen troops in whom I had more confidence on the battle-field, and I regret exceedingly the necessities which have caused me to lose so many brave men in detail, while I firmly believe that while together they could not have been routed on a fair field by the superior force which Kirby Smith could have brought against them. The conduct of the colored troops of my command proves that the African can be made as formidable in battle as a soldier of any other color.

I wish to recommend to the favorable consideration of the Government, for gallant and meritorious conduct on the field, Brigadier General F. Salomon, commanding division; Brigadier General S. A. Rice, commanding brigade. These are both officers of superior merit. General Rice has been twice wounded during recent campaign. At Jenkins' Ferry he received a wounded which will cause the loss of his right foot. His self-possession, good judgment, energy, and faculty for managing men in the camp as well as in the field entitles him to distinguished honor. He was wounded in a charge upon the enemy's battery, after which his brigade fell to the command of Colonel C. E. Salomon, Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, who managed it with skill. Brigadier General J. M. Thayer, although commanding the reserve, was frequently under fire and deserves special mention. Colonel Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois, commanding a brigade of Salomon's division.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.

Memorandum.*

General Salomon says:

My opinion is we must fall back to the line of the Arkansas, and that the movement should commence at once. To go out and fight the enemy would only cripple us, and if supplies are exhausted we have no means to get more.

General Carr says:

I concur with General. Kirby Smith has evidently no further fear of General Banks, and throws his strength against us. He can pass to our rear and cut us off.

General Rice says:

I am in favor of going to Hampton, leaving this place and endeavoring to destroy the enemy's means of crossing Washita, and then if needful go toward the Arkansas.

General Thayer says:

I am in favor of falling back to the line of the Arkansas, and commencing the movement at least by to-morrow night. The line for supplies is too long, and we evidently cannot keep it up.

---------------

*Found among the files of the Department of Arkansas, without date.

---------------

