
us to cross there and had made preparations at that point to dispute our crossing. The general decided to move on the Washington road for 20 miles, and while he threw forward a small force, to make it appear he was still upon that road, to turn off due south, passing through Okolona, seize Elkin's Ferry, a good crossing, and used often by citizens going from a little town called Rome to Washington.

On the 1st, the command encamped at Spoonville. At this point the enemy were still in doubt as to our course; for we were near the road to Tate's Ferry, on the road to Washington, and if General Thayer followed his original route proposed, or the one we had come from Rockport to Caddo Creek, he would save a march of 12 miles. Feeling certain that no enemy north of the Little Missouri river could impede General Thayer's progress, and not being able to hear from him, the general commanding thought it best to proceed and hold the crossing of the Little Missouri River. I regarded the Little Missouri at that to be a more serious obstacle than the enemy. It was between us and Camden. It manifestly takes its named from its resemblance to the Missouri River. Very much smaller, but after a heavy rain the color of its water, rapid current, sudden turns and bends and drift wood and snags make it a copy of its namesake, only differing in size. The main stream has good gravelly bed where we crossed it, but low banks. On each side for at least 2 miles the country is a low, level flat of alluvial formation, generally of a very dark color, in many places resting on a mushy, sticky, yellow clay, which would squeeze out of crevices and holes whenever any pressure was brought to bear near it. This bottom, passable for the ordinary travel of such a community as this in dry weather, was only passable with great labor by an army train, but after a few hours of rain becomes one quagmire and morass, and the passage of an army train soon converts it into a sea of mud.

On moving from Spoonville on the 2nd, the rear was attacked by Shelby, who made several vigorous charges, but was handsomely repulsed by our troops under command of Brigadier General S. A. Rice, who had the fortune to command in rear on that day. Our advance of cavalry developed the forces of Marmaduke and Cabell, who were determined to dispute our advance on the Washington road, but in accordance with the plans before determined upon, General Steele threw forward cavalry and seized Elkin's Ferry, re-enforcing them with a brigade of infantry. While the command encamped at and near the ferry and still waited for General Thayer, a brigade of infantry, under Colonel Engelmann, and one of cavalry, under Colonel Ritter, all under command of the former officer, were sent back as far as Spoonville to communicate with General Thayer, if possible, and drive Shelby away from the rear. Near Okolona Colonel Engelmann met Sehlby and whipped him. He moved to Spoonville and returned.

On the afternoon of the 3rd, the enemy discovered our pickets near Elkin's Ferry. Marmaduke and Cabell hurried around to our front, and on the morning of the 4th made a fierce attack, but were repulsed with ease by our forces. It was reported on the evening of the 5th that the enemy were felling trees and fortifying in our front. General Steele determined to wait no longer but to move against them. On the 6th, leaving over a mile of breast-works of timber and earth crowning the hill which overlook the bottom and perfectly commanding the road along which we had to march. A messenger

