
through from Little Rock joined us to-day and reported General Thayer at Rockport when he passed. It was decided by General Steele to wait for him at this place, known as the Widow Cornelius', and 3 1\2 miles to the ferry. On the 7th, working parties were sent back to repair the roads so as to pass General Thayer's train. At nightfall it commenced to rain, and lasted for several hours.

Daylight the next morning showed that all the work of the day before was undone; corduroing and bridges were all afloat, the whole bottom nearly was under water, and the Little Missouri was no longer fordable, having risen 3 feet. The bridge train was ordered to the ferry, and working details placed on the road to repair the worst places. It was after dark before the bridge train reached the river. The head of General Thayer's column was on the high ground on the other side, and had nearly 3 miles of bottom to cross. At daylight, under my personal supervision, the bridge was laid. The stream was very rapid, but with a strong cable stretched across and fastened to two large trees and the pontoons doubled, a firm bridge of 140 feet in length was finished. It was ready before the head of his column reached the bank, and passed his whole command and train without any delay or hinderance. His whole train was across, but all of it did not get out of the bottom that night.

The whole command moved on the 10th for Prairie D'ane. You will perceive by the map that we were on the direct road to Spring Hill, which was on the road and the nearest way to Shreveport-a road traveled by the rebels more than the one by Washington and Fulton. The road leading from Camden to Washington intersects this road nearly at right angles on the prairie. The enemy occupied the ground in front of the junction of these roads, under command of General Price, who had here concentrated all his forces that were available. Their position was a good one and well chosen, on a gentle swelling ridge, with their flanks resting in the timbered land. We had to advance our front over the open ground in easy range, while our skirmishers drove in their flankers. The skirmish was brisk, and the enemy used their artillery freely, but we easily drove them from their position and held it. After nightfall they gallantly charged one of our batteries, but were repulsed. They fell back on the night-hand road, which leads to Washington . General Steele moved against them the next day as soon as he got his troops in line of battle, but night came on before we had crossed the prairie.

The men laid under arms and resumed the movement at daylight of the 12th, turning the left of the enemy's position, causing him to evacuate nearly a mile of rifle-pits, with positions for artillery, and nearly a mile of felled timber thrown up as breast-works. Cavalry were thrown forward on this road as if it was the intention to follow on, while the main column with train took the road to Camden. The head of the column encamped on the Terre Rouge Creek that night.l The bottom for 1 mile was so bad that the command was delayed very much the next day in crossing. At that I have said about the Little Missouri bottom applies even more forcibly to this stream. The next obstacle was Cypress Bayou, as it is on the maps, but called by the country people Caney. Here two bridges had to be repaired, and some corduroing to be done. From this point until we reached Camden the road was good. While the advance was crossing the Terre Rouge Creek the rear was attacked by the enemy. General Thayer had command of the rear and drove them back, scattering them with ease.

