
arrived January 21, having captured on our way down 2 captains,1 third lieutenant, and 5 men belonging to the Confederate Army with 17 stands of arms, 13 horses and mules; also a small rebel mail, and a large amount of Confederate postage stamps at a post-office near Lick Creek, Ark.

January 23, I was joined by 200 men of the First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. Baumer, and marched from Batesville, Ark., via Hookram, north and west, via Wild Haws and Richmond to Sylamore Creek, and attacked a rebel force said to number at least 300 men, commanded by Colonel Freeman, camped on Syamore Creek. We skirmished with his retreating command for 8 miles, capturing all his transportation, consisting of three wagons and 10 mules, and all his camp and garrison equipage, his own private trunk, containing his commission, private letters, official documents, and important [papers], consisting of orders; also $5,000 in Confederate money, 49 men, about 70 stand of arms, 1,000 head of horses and mules; killed and wounded 20 or 25 men, making in all captured a total of 57 prisoners, 8 of whom were officers; about 90 stand of arms, 125 horses and mules, completely destroyed the enemy's entire camp, and scattering his demoralized force in every direction through the mountains. Our loss was 1 man severely wounded.

January 28, left Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer and command near the head of Sylamore Creek, he returning to Batesville, Ark., with the prisoners and captured property. I moved in a northwest direction 35 miles and joined Captain Human, commanding detachment of 175 men of the Eighth Cavalry Regiment Missouri State Militia at Burrowsville, Search County, Ark., sending scouts in every direction. We had continued skirmishing several days with the scattered forces of the enemy and numerous bands of guerrillas, often numbering 125 men.

February 2, left Captain Human's command in the northern part of Secrecy County, Ark. He turned over to me 6 prisoners of war that he had captured in Taney and Search Counties, Ark., 2 of whom were officers. I proceeded on the road to Springfield, Mo., intending to ford White River, opposite Forsyth, but could not, on account of recent late rains, which had raised the river almost to the top of its banks. At daylight February 4, we commenced to cross the river in two small canoes, forcing the horses to swain, being led by the side of the canoes. The whole command crossed, in this manner in safety by sunset, being often annoyed during the day by 25 or 30 bushwhackers that fired upon us, whenever an opportunity offered, from a very high bluff commanding river. But I succeeded, however, in capturing 3 of them, armed and mounted, probably wounding several others during the day. We arrived at Springfield, Mo., February 6, 1864, having been gate twenty-three days and marched 500 miles.

In parts of Taeny and Search Counties and on the White River forage is quite plenty. I many other sections it is very scarce. There is but very little forage within 60 miles south of Springfield.

I am, sir,very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAMUEL E. TURNER,

Captain Company D, Sixth Cav. Regiment Mo. State Militia.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

