
continued through the night and the next day, over 4 miles of the worst swamps in Arkansas. Our rear guard was attacked before the bridge was laid, but the enemy was repulsed. A terrific thunderstorm commenced about 1 p. m., and lasted the entire night. At daylight I had crossed about one-half the train, and the balance was in readiness to cross and everything was over about noon of the 30th, except 4,000 of the infantry, who were covering our crossing and resisting 20,000 rebels commanded by Kirby Smith, who was on the ground at an early hour in the morning. The formation of ground enabled us to hold the enemy in check, although the roads were in such a horrible condition that there was but little artillery on the ground.

Three pieces brought up by the enemy fell into our hands, and were drawn off by the men with ropes. The enemy having been signally repulsed and terribly punished, we were allowed to withdraw across the Saline . Not having animals to haul the pontoon train, it was destroyed, together with the pontoon bridge. The storm continued, and the animals giving out for want of food, the rations of the men being exhausted, an order was issued to destroy all the wagons except those attached to the different headquarters, the ammunition, and the ambulances, which was done on the night of the 30th of April, and the march resumed at daylight.

The command reached this place may 3, with the ammunition train, ambulances, and headquarters wagons (some 200 wagons in all). The animals had not been out of harness for six days, and entirely exhausted. I mounted the wounded and foot-sore men on the animals that were taken from the wagons. I also supplied all the batteries with mules to take the place of broken-down horses. No artillery was abandoned during the campaign, and whenever the teams gave out I pressed the animals belonging to sutlers and others.

At my request the commanding general detailed Lieutenant E. P. Pearce, regimental quartermaster Seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to report to me, and was by me assigned to duty as acting assistant quartermaster in charge of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quartermaster's stores, and land transportation at the post of Camden, Ark., and continued in the full discharge of the duties of this position until the army arrived at Little Rock. Lieutenant Pearce entered upon the duties of depot quartermaster about the 20th of April, and was a faithufll and efficient officer, discharging all the duties of this arduous position, and often under the most embarrassing circumstances, with marked ability and success. (See inclosed circular of assignment to duty.) On the 4th of May I was relieved from duty as depot quartermaster at this place by Captain J. G. Haskell, assistant quartermaster, who arrived at this post while I was in the field. I am now engaged in transferring to him. The amount of clothing, camp and garrison equipage for which I am accountable as depot quartermaster is very large, comprising nearly complete outfits for 40,000 men for eight months. The transfer will consequently require some time, and will probably be completed about the 1st of June.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HENRY,

Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Chief Quartermaster.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

