
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. ARK. EXPDN., OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Camden, April 16, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Ark. Expdn. Camden, Ark.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to request that a detail of one regiment of cavalry and one regiment of infantry, and also a section of a battery, be made to act as an escort for 150 or 200 forage wagons, which I propose to send out to-morrow for forage some 15 miles on the Washington road. Will you have the kindness to order the officer in command of the escort to report at my office at 5 a. m. to-morrow, April 17.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HENRY,

Captain and Asst. Q. M., Chief Quartermaster Ark. Expdn.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Thayer, who will detail 200 cavalry, one regiment of infantry, and two pieces of artillery to guard the train. The commanding officer with his escort will report at General Thayer's headquarters at 5 a. m. of to-morrow, when he will be met by an officer of the quartermaster's department, who will point out the place at which the forage will be gathered.

by order of Major-General Steele:

GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant, Second Cav., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Incloruse Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, In the Field, Camden, Ark., April 19, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,Commanding Dept. of Arkansas, &c., Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a forage train, consisting of 177 empty wagons, which was sent out from this post for corn on the morning of the 17th instant, some 18 miles on the Washington road, at which 141 of the wagons were loaded, was captured yesterday by the enemy, commanded by General Price in person, on its return, some 12 miles west of this place. The wagon-master in charge of the train informs me that the rebel cavalry had burned a lot of 2,500 bushels of corn the day before the train arrived, and that he understood from the people along the road that all the corn remaining in the country was now being burned by squads of cavalry detached for that purpose from Marmaduke's command.

I would, general, most respectfully represent that we have only half forage for the animals of this command for one day, and in view of the alarming scarcity of forage along the line if the Ouachita, I beg leave to suggest that all the worthless animals attached to this command be collected and turned out to graze in the canebrakes within our lines under charge of a suitable guard. There are now over 10,000 animals attached to this command for which it will be impossible to provide forage after the next two or three days. I believe that over 2,000 worthless horses and mules could be collected, and thus relieve us from the necessity of procuring forage for them.

