
Trusting, general, that this matter will receive your attention at the earliest possible moment, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HENRY,

Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, In the Field, Camden, April 25, 1864.

Major General F. STELLE,Commanding Seventh Army Corps and Dept. of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the wagon train of 211 wagons which left this post on the 23rd instant for Pine Bluff, for the purpose of loading with subsistence stores for the use of this command, was captured by the enemy, under command of General Fagan, to-day at a point some 30 miles north of this post. I am informed, general, by Mr. Coles, wagon-master in charge of the train, that a portion of the wagons were set on fire by shells from the enemy's artillery and entirely consumed, and that about 150 fell into the hands of the enemy. I most respectfully beg leave, general, again to call your attention to the impossibility of procuring forage for the public animals in this command. Our losses of animals by capture will amount to some 2,000. Since leaving Little Rock the wagoners have brought in from the two captured trains quite a number of mules, but we have still nearly 9,000 horses and mules to provide forage for, and in the present impoverished condition of this part of the State it is impassible to secure forage for even 1,000. Will you have the kindness, general, to give this question of supplying forage your immediate and earnest attention.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

C. S. HENRY,

Captain and Asst. Q. M., Chief Quartermaster Ark. Expdn.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &C., OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, In the Field, Little Rock, Ark., May 2, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,Commanding Dept. of Arkansas, &c., Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit for your inspection the annexed statement of the number of wagons captured by the enemy and destroyed by me during the late campaign to the Ouachita; also the number of public animals lost. The official reported of the acting division quartermasters have not as yet been received at this office, but there will be but very little variation from the annexed statement, which is based on the memorandum to this office by the principal wagon-masters accompanying the expedition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HENRY,

Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Chief Quartermaster.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Statement of wagons and mules captured and destroyed in the expedition of the Seventh Army Corps, May. General F. Steele commanding:

* * * * *

