
Recapitulation: Total number of wagons captured by the enemy, 298; total number of wagons burned during engagements by the enemy's projectiles, about 90; total number of wagons destroyed by orders, 247; total number of wagons missing, 635; total number of mules captured, about 2,000; total number of mules lost and abandoned, about 500; total number of mules missing, 2, 5000.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HDQRS. ARK. EXPDN., OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Camp Numbers 16, Camden. Ark., April 20, 1864.

Lieutenant E. P. Pearce, regimental quartermaster Seventy-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, having reported to his office in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 9, from headquarters Department of Arkansas, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant quartermaster in charge of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quartermaster's stores, and land transportation at this post.

By order of Major-General Steele:

C. A. HENRY,Captain and Asst. Q. M., Chief Quartermaster Ark. Expdn.

Numbers 5. Reports of Brigadier General Frederick Salomon, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Seventh Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Elkin's Ford, On Little Missouri River, Ark., April 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since leaving Little Rock:

This division, consisting of three brigades of infantry (ten regiments in all) and three batteries of artillery (sixteen guns), marched from Little Rock, Ark., on the 23rd ultimo, as part of the forces under command of Major General F. Steele. Nothing of particular interest occurred until the 2nd instant. On that day the march was continued from Hollywood (Witherspoonville), on the Washington road. The Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel William E. McLean, of Forty-third Indiana Infantry, was in the advance, and the Third, Colonel A. Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding, in the center. The First Brigade, consisting of the Ninth Wisconsin, Fiftieth Indiana, Thirty-third Iowa, and Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, with Voegele's battery of four guns, all under command of Brigadier General Samuel A. Rice, was placed in the rear with orders to guard the general supply and pontoon trains, and to camp at or near Okolona and in the vicinity of the other portion of the command. An attack upon the rear from the enemy was considered probable, and General Rice was instructed to make such dispositions as should insure the safety of our trains. The nature of the country and the condition of the roads made this task difficult, as the trains extended to considerable length, and General Rice had no cavalry to protect his flanks or to give notice of the enemy's movement. At noon the rear guard, consisting of the Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry under command of Colonel Thomas H. Benton, jr., and one section of Voegele's battery, was attacked near Gentry's Creek

