
Thirty-sixth Iowa and Forty-third Indiana Infantry and four pieces of Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery, in force, under command of Marmaduke in person. The action lasted until 11 a. m., at which time the enemy's forces retired, having been repulsed at all points. During the progress of this engagement, Colonel McLean being pressed by the enemy, I ordered the Twenty-ninth Iowa and Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, of General Rice's brigade (under command of General Rice), to his support. The enemy retired soon after the arrival of these re-enforcements, the Twenty-ninth Iowa rendering efficient service at the close of the action. General Rice was slightly wounded in the head during the engagement. The enemy's force, as nearly as could be ascertained, consisted of Cabell's and Greene's brigades, with five pieces of artillery, only four of which were brought into action. In the early part of the action Lieutenant Fackler, aide-de-camp to General Marmaduke, was captured by our skirmishers under Lieutenant-Colonel Drake, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry. Our casualties were as follows: Wounded, commissioned officer (Brigadier General S. A. Rice), 1; enlisted men, 25. From all appearances the enemy's loss must have reached 50 killed and wounded.

Detailed reports from brigade and regimental commanders are herewith inclosed, to which I beg leave to refer. I embrace this opportunity to commend the conduct of all the officers and men of my command who took part in the operations above referred to. I desire especially to notice the promptness and ability displayed by commanders of brigades, regiments, and batteries.

Recapitulation of casualties up to date: Killed: Enlisted men, 11. Wounded: Commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 60. Missing: enlisted men, 23. Total: Commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 94.

Respectfully submitting the above report, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Division, Seventh Army Corps.

Lieutenant GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventh Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Camden, Ark., April 22, 1864.

SIR: On the 7th instant I had the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding, a report of the operations of my division from the day it left Little Rock up to and including the auctioneer Elkin's Ford on the 4th of the present month. I have now the honor respectfully to submit a report of further operations, as follows: In obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding, my division left camp on the Little Missouri River April 6, moving forward carefully in the rear of and supporting the division of cavalry commanded by Brigadier-General Carr, and encamped about midway between the river and Priarie D'Ane, near certain breast-works of logs from which the enemy had intended to harass and retard our march. In this camp my division remained three days, sending out each day heavy details to protect forage trains, and to repair the roads in our rear to facilitate the march of General Thayer's division. On Sunday, the 10th instant, at about 1

