
o'clock, I commenced to move forward and advanced some 4 miles or more to the prairie, closing the day with a severe skirmish, in which the enemy was successively driven from one position to an-other until dark, at which time my division occupied the highest ridge on the prairie, Colonel Engelmann's bridge with Vaughn's battery on the right, General Rice's brigade with Voegele's battery on the left, Colonel McLean's brigade in reserve guarding the trains. In this skirmish the Forty-third Illinois Infantry, gallantly led by Lieutenant-Colonel Dengler, bore a conspicuous part, charging the first height with the bayonet and dislodging the enemy. Vaughn's battery, to, acquitted itself with much credit, moving forward and taking position with exemplary celerity, and delivering its fire with fatal precision. The troops of my division lay to arms through the night. From 10 p. m. until midnight Waughn's battery and the infantry supporting it were subjected to repeated attacks from the enemy; these, however, were successfully repulsed without serious loss. The night was cold, but the troops, without complaining, lay out on the open priarie with no fires to warm or shelter to protect them. The following afternoon, and advance having been ordered, Rice's brigade formed in line of battle and moved forward, drawing the enemy's fire.

It was deemed too late to bring on a general engagement, and a halt was therefore ordered, retaining this advanced position until after dark, and thereby admitting our trains to forage. I then withdrew my troops and occupied substantially the position of the previous night. At daybreak the following morning, April 12, my division was ready to move forward, General Rice's brigade on the right, Colonel Engelmann's on the left, and Colonel McLean'[s in reserve, with cavalry on either flank. Skirmishers having become engaged, the brigades in advance were deployed in line and advanced to within 1 mile of the enemy's works, when Rice's brigade was ordered to change front forward, thereby outflanking the enemy, who left his works without any further contest. Halting a short time to rest, this division was then any further contest. Halting a short time to rest, this division was then moved forward on the road toward Camden, across the prairie through Moscow, and encamped for the night. The roads in advance having been reported impassable, heavy details were sent forward the following morning to assist the pioneer corps in repairing roads and bridges. At noon the division moved forward through the bottoms, and camped for the night near Cypress Bayou. Here again the roads were bad, and much labor was expended in making them passable.

In obedience to orders from army headquarters, information having been received that the enemy was attempting to reach Camden in advance of our own force, toward evening of the 14th Rice's brigade with Stange's battery moved in advance, and reporting to General Carr camped for the night near White Oak Creek, 18 miles from Camden, the balance of the division camping 6 miles farther back guarding the trains. April 15, General Rice's brigade moved forward at sunrise, skirmishing lightly with the enemy's rear guard until some 2 miles beyond (this side of) the junction of the middle Washington and Camden road with the one on which we had moved forward. There the enemy opened upon our advance with five pieces of artillery. Captain Stange, chief of artillery for the Third Division, who, pursuant to his own request, accompanied the advance, immediately brought his battery forward and replied to the enemy's fire, succeeding, after a very spirited engagement of

