
nearly two hours, in dislodging the enemy's battery. The infantry was now ordered to advance, and although at two or three different places attempts were made to check our progress and shells were thrown at our advancing column, yet so persistently did our skirmishers move on that the enemy was driven forward, and, as opportunity offered, took his force to the right and left of the road. Leaving guards at such places, I moved the main column forward, Rice's brigade entering Camden shortly after sundown. Engelmann's brigade was halted 1 1\2 miles from town, and there awaited the arrival of McLean's brigade in charge of the various supply and ordnance trains. The last wagons with the rear guard of McLean's bridge reached camp about midnight, having marched 24 miles on that day.

The following is a statement of the casualties, viz: At Prairie D'Ane, killed, 3; wounded, 14. From White Oak Creek to Camden, killed, 2; wounded, 13; total, 5 killed, 27 wounded. Add previously reported, 11 killed, 64 wounded, 23 missing. Total: Killed, 16; wounded, 91; missing, 23; in all, 130, including among the wounded 4 commissioned officers.

Permit me in closing this report to commend the officers and soldiers under my command. Privations and hardships have been cheerfully endured. Wherever the enemy was supposed to be, there they have been most anxious to go; and no pillaging or wanton destruction of property had disgraced this division.

With this I forward reports from brigade commanders, and have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Div., Seventh Army Corps.

Lieutenant G. O. SOKALSKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., May 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have heretofore submitted detailed reports of the operations of this division up to and including the 15th of April, and have now the honor to forward a report of further operations, as follows: During the occupation of Camden, April 15 to 26, instructions from department headquarters, Colonel William E. McLean's brigade, and four pieces of Stange's battery, under charge of Lieutenant Charles Peetz, were ordered to escort a train going to Pine Bluff, the commanding officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Drake, reporting in person to Major-General Steele for special instructions.

On the morning of the 25th, about 40 miles from Camden, the train was attacked by 6,000 of the enemy, under Generals Fagan and Shelby, and after a desperate resistance, lasting three hours, wherein 600 or more of the enemy were killed and wounded, the entire train and most of the escort were captured. Our loss in killed and wounded is said to have been 250. The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Drake is herewith inclosed. On the 26th of April my division was ready to take up its march at the hour appointed, but the crossing of the trains occupied more time than was anticipated, and I could not commence to move until 12 p. m. Mean time, the Second and Sixth Kansas Cav-

