
JANUARY 5, 1864.- Skirmish on the Pecos River, near Fort Summer, N Mex.

Report of Major Henry D. Wallen, Seventh U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Sante Fe, N. Mex., January 11, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the official report of a sharp little action with the Navajo, Indians, near fort Summer, N. Mex., on the Pecos River. You will see that great credit is due to Lieutenant Charles Newbold, Fifth U. S. Infantry, to Mr. Labadie, Indian agent, to Ohio Blanco, and Apache, chief and to several citizens and soldiers named in Major Wallen's report. The extreme severity of the Navajoes escaped. Lieutenant Newbold's name is respectfully submitted for favorable consideration by the War Department.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Sumner, N. Nex., January 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have again the honor of reporting to the general commanding the department a successful scout made from this post against the Navajo Indians. Yesterday morning at 11 o'clock, Ojo Blanco, one of the Apache chiefs, reported to me that the Navajoes had run off the Apache herd about 4 miles in a southerly direction from the post. I immediately started Lieutenant Newbold, Fifth U. S. Infantry, with 10 mounted men of Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers, and Company D, Fifth U. S. Infantry (all the men that could be mounted at the post), Mr. Labadie the Indiana agent, Mr. Carillo, Mr. Whittemore, and about 25 Apaches in pursuit. I also ordered Captain Calloway with his company (I, First Infantry, California Volunteers) with two day's rations, to follow the trail of the mounted party. Lieutenant Newblod encountered over 100 Navajoes, mounted and on foot, about 12 miles in a southeasterly direction from the post, and about 2 miles from the river. A sharp skirmish ensued, in which 9 Navajoes were left dead on the field. The Navajos then broke into two parties and fled, briskly pursued by Lieutenant Newblod and Mr. Labadie and a running fight was kept up with both parties for about 10 miles. Mr. Labadie and Mr. Carillo, with Privates Portr, McGrew, and Osier, of Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers, and about 15 Apaches, pursued one party Privates Porter and McGrew, with 8 Apaches, keeping up the pursuit to the point where the navajoes again crossed the Pecos, about 35 miles from the post. Of this party of Navajoes only, 18 escaped. These men did well. Lieutenant Newbold, with Sergeant Welch, Corporal Flynn, and Private Fitzgeraldine, Company D, Fifth U. S. Infantry, Private Reilly, Company C, Seventh U. S., Infantry,

