
thereafter a portion of the First Arkansas reported, and was sent to the left, and following them came the Twelfth Knasas Infantry, which was also sent to the left. This latter regiment went in with a cheer, driving the enemy before them, when General Rice advanced his whole line nearly 300 yards. The balance of Engelmann's brigade was sent to the right. The enemy now brought up artillery on our right, but so permitted to fire only 3 rounds. I had one section of Vaughn's battery in position, and permitted the lieutenant (Thomas) in command to fire 1 round to assure our own troops that in case of need we too had artillery that could be used. The second attack from the enemy was soon at its height, but our brave men, notwithstanding the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, obstinately stood their ground, and at a favorable moment the Second Kansas (colored) and Twenty-ninth I as charged upon and captured the enemy's guns, three in number. The enemy, driven at every point, now opportunely gave us a few moments' time in which to replenish our supply of ammunition. This was brought up from the rear by mounted troopers, my own escort assisting.

I had determined now to withdraw my forces still nearer the river, as opportunity might offer, but before I was able to effect the movement brisk firing in the front assured me that the enemy was again advancing. At first the firing seemed to be heaviest on the right, but soon it extended along the whole line and for three-quarters of an hour the roar of musketry was incessant. Early in this assault and compelled to leave the field, the command of the brigade devolving upon Colonel E. Salomon, of the Ninth Wisconsin, who hereafter led the brigade, and by his presence and personal disregard of danger gave great encouragement to his men. Bravely did our troops maintain their ground, never once wavering, never once yielding. I confess that I had not a little anxiety as to the result. Every man was engaged, and regiments were sent from one portion of the line to another, wherever their services seemed to be most needed. I sent to the rear to hasten forward General Thayer's troops, but these with the exception of those already engaged were across the river, and could not be brought forward in time to be of assistance. Our men, however, forgot that they were tired, forgot that they were hungry, forgot that [they] were outnumbered, only remembering that they were ordered to hold their ground. This they held, repulsing the enemy at every point, inflicting fearful damage, capturing three guns, as before stated, several prisoners, and three colors; two of these were taken by the Fiftieth Indiana and one by the Ninth Wisconsin. The Forty-third Illinois pursued the enemy through the bottom quite to the base of the ridge. At 12 o'clock firing ceased. Learning from prisoners that the enemy was continually receiving re-enforcements, I determined to withdraw nearer the river, where my lines would be shorter and my flanks still better protected. At this juncture the major-general commanding arrived in person on the field and approved my plan. I therefore proceeded to withdraw my forces, slowly and in good order, collecting my dead and wounded, bringing away as many as possible, and leaving the others, in charge of a surgeon and attendants, at the house which had been used as field hospital. The crossing of the river was effected without further molestation. For further details of the parts taken by different regiments in this battle, reference is made to the full and

