
able reports of my brigade commanders, which are herewith forwarded. Our losses were severe. Brigadier-General Rice, as before stated, was severely wounded in the foot. Colonel Mackey, Thirty-third Iowa, was shot through the arm, breaking the bone above the elbow. Colonel Adams, commanding the brigade from General Thayer's division, was wounded in the arm, and Lieutenant-Colonel Kayes, Twelfth Kansas, in the thigh. The whole loss in my division is as follows:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

General	 ...	 1	 ... 	 1

officers

Commission	 ...	 20	 ...	 20

ed

officers

Enlisted	 63	 392	 45	 500

men

Total	 63	 413 	 45	 521

I have no report of the loss in the regiments from General Thayer's command. The enemy's loss greatly exceeded our own and is estimated to be at least three to our one. They lost 2 brigadier-generals killed on the field, besides many field and line officers. The enemy was commanded by General E. Kirby Smith in person, and from the best information I can obtain numbered 20,000 men. The fact that after we had retired the enemy sent a flag of truce to the battle-field is conclusive evidence that they acknowledge us victorious. Our forces engaged did not exceed 4,000 men, and I cannot too much commend their brave and heroic endurance. Officers and men alike did their whole duty. I take pleasure in adding my approval to the commendations made by brigade commanders. Brigadier General S. A. Rice merits special mention, not only for conspicuous gallantry, cool and correct judgment in action, but also for his continual personal attention to his command. During the entire expedition his services have been invaluable, and it is not without reluctance that I am obliged to part with him, even temporarily. My thanks are due, and I commend to ;you to members of my staff for their untiring energy, their bravery and devotion to our cause. Accompanying this I hand you a list* of their names. They have served me well and faithfully, and I shall ever retain a likely personal interest in their welfare.

The first part of the march from Saline River to Little Rock was through a quicksand bottom; men and animals were completely worn out, and it was impossible to bring through the entire train. Much property was necessarily destroyed; otherwise there were no incidents of importance. My division entered Little Rock May 3, at noon, having been absent just five weeks. During this time we marched nearly or quite 300 miles, much of the way through a country quite destitute of any improved roads. The labors devolving

---------------

*Not found; but the division return for April, 1864, bears the names of the following staff officers: May. Calvert C. White, acting assistant inspector-general and chief of staff; Major George W. Burchard, aide-de-camp; Syvester H. Sawyers, surgeon-in-chief ; Captain Anton Blockin, assistant adjutant-general; Captain James Christian, commissary of subsistence; Captain Gustave Stange, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Gustavus Jacobson, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant Hugo Koch, assistant commissary of musters; Lieutenant James B. Schron, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Joseph Fuess, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Hugo Friedrich, chief of ambulance; Lieutenant Robert C. Berry, ordnance officer.

---------------

