
ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, March 23-May 3.*

The division was reorganized for the expedition, and the brigades were denominated as follows: General S. A. Rice, First Brigade; Colonel William E. McLean, Second Brigade; Colonel a. Engelmann, Third Brigade.

March 23.-The division left Little Rock, Ark., and arrived in Arkadelphia the 29th, without any remarkable accident. Colonel Engelmann's brigade and the Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, of General Rice's brigade, were temporarily attached to the division on March 19 by order of Major General F. Steele, commanding Department of Arkansas.

April 2.-Skirmish at Terre Noir Creek.

April 4.-Skirmish at Little Missouri River.

April 10, 11, and 12.-Skirmishes at Prairie D'Ane.

April 15.-Skirmish on While Oak Creek and occupation of Camden.

April 25.-The Second Brigade, escorting an empty train to Pine Bluff, were nearly all taken prisoners.

April 26.-The division resumed march from Camden toward Little Rock.

April 29.-Arrived at Jenkins' Ferry, on Saline River, after skirmishing all the afternoon.

April 30.-The division was attacked at daybreak by General Kirby Smith's forces; defeated the enemy' captured three of his guns; crossed the river and encamped 2 miles from the ford.

May 1.-The division resumed the march toward Little Rock, Ark., from Jenkins' Ferry, and arrived May 3, without any remarkable incident.

Numbers 6.

Reports of Brigadier General Samuel A. Rice, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Little Missouri River, Ark., April 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 2nd of April my command left the camp at Witherspoonville at 8 o'clock, in charge of the supply pontoon, and brigade trains. The Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, Colonel C. E. Salomon commanding, and Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Wells commanding, with a section of Captain Voegele's battery were placed in front. The Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, under Major Gibson, was placed at intervals along the train, each company being kept intact under its officers. The Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, under Colonel Thomas H. Benton, jr., with a section of Captain Voegele's battery, was placed in the rear. About 12 o'clock the rear guard was attacked at Gentry's Creek by General Shelby's command, some 1,500 strong, with three pieces of artillery. I proceeded at once to the field of action and ordered the Fiftieth Indiana to the rear to re-enforce the Twenty-ninth Iowa. Colonel Benton, on being attacked, immediately deployed his men, and with the artillery engaged the enemy, and

---------------

*From returns for March, April, and May.

---------------

