
after repulsing them fell back about half a mile to the summit of the ridge near Terre Noir Creek. Here the artillery was placed in position and line of battle formed in time to meet the enemy. While the firing was going on the Fiftieth Indiana came up to the support of the Twenty-ninth [Iowa]. The enemy on the left of my like took the summit of the hill. I immediately ordered a charge and they were driven back at all points in great confusion and with heavy loss. We then fell back as rapidly as possible in hopes of regaining the train, which in the interval had moved rapidly to the front, and which was menaced by another column reported to be under General Cabell, and which was moving from another direction on the road from Washington. The Fiftieth Indiana during this part of the march took the rear, and were relieved on reaching the road to Camden, by the way of Okolona, by a portion of the Ninth Wisconsin with the second section of Captain Voegele's battery. About half a mile from this side of the junction of the road the enemy, having been re-enforced, formed line of battle, opened with their artillery, and engaged us again. We rapidly formed line of battle on a ridge, throwing the Ninth Wisconsin on the left, the Fiftieth Indiana on the right, with the Twenty-ninth Iowa in reserve, and a section of artillery in the center commanidng the road. The engagement only lasted some thirty minutes, when the enemy were again driven back with a heavy loss and made no further attempts to reach our trains. This was about 6 o'clock in the evening. I proceeded with my command without any further engagement, and rejoined the residue of your command at Okolona at 9.30 p. m.

From 12 m. to 6 p. m. there was more or less skirmishing most of the time, and owing to the length of the train, which was some 3 miles, it made its protection a matter of serious difficultly. The officers and soldiers of my command behaved with great coolness and bravery. The Thirty-third Iowa, under Major Gibson, though not engaged, had an important and dangerous duty to perform, and did it well.

The officers and soldiers of all the regiments of my command met my highest expectations. Captain Voegle with his battery did good execution. My loss was 8 killed, 32 wounded, 23 missing; total, 63. I inclose you regimental and battery reports, which will give you the full details of the part taken by each in the series of engagements. I also inclose a complete list of casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. RICE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Div., 7th Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Camden, Ark., April 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the various series of engagements since the action on the Little Missouri at Elkin's Ferry on the 4th instant. On the 10th instant my command met the enemy on the edge of Prairie D'Ane, where, under your order, I formed line of battle on the left of Engelmann's brigade and advanced, flanking the enemy's right, at the same time pouring in a heavy fire of artil-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

