
were brought off. With the exception of brisk skirmishing, the firing lulled for a while, during which time my troops replenished their cartridge-boxes and preparated for another attack, which was expected to follow. The enemy now made a feint on my right and immediately followed it by an assault on the left. The Fiftieth Indiana and Thirty-third Iowa, flanked and supported by the Twelfth Kansas, four companies of the Fortieth Iowa, and the detachment of the Second Brigade (which had some time before been moved from the right to that point), vigorously poured their fire into the advancing columns of the enemy. As this fight was going on while I was moving to the left of my line I was struck by a ball in the foot and compelled to leave the field, and from this time I know nothing of the engagement from personal observation. After I left the field the fight continued nearly three-quarters of an hour, at the end of which time the rebel forces received their last repulse and drew off at 12 o'clock, leaving us masters of the field. Owing to the rain and spongy nature of the ground I did not bring my artillery into action, and to the infantry alone is due all the glory of this well-fought battle . Three colors were taken from the enemy by my command-2 were taken by the Fiftieth Indiana, and 1 by the Ninth Wisconsin.

I take the highest pleasure in referring to the gallant conduct of the officers and men of my entire command, from the time of our first action on the Terre Noir down to the close of the bloody battle of Jenkins' Ferry. Colonel Salomon, commanding Ninth Wisconsin; Colonel Benton, commanding Twenty-ninth Iowa; Colonel Mackey, commanding Thirty-third Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, commanding Fiftieth Indiana, and Captain Voegele, commanding my battery, all did their duty nobly and were always at their posts. Colonel Mackey received a severe wound in the arm while leading his men in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, and Colonel Benton and Lieutenant-Colonel Wells had their horses killed under them. I feel it my duty to make honorable mention of Colonel Adams, commanding a brigade of General thayer's division, who reported to me four orders with the Twelfth Kansas Infantry and Second Kansas Colored Infantry. He did his duty well and was wounded in the arm while near the line of the Second Kansas. Colonel Crawford, of the Second Kansas, behaved with the most marked gallantry. Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, of the Twelfth Kansas, distinguished himself by his coolness and bravery, and received a dangerous wound in the thigh. Captain Darnall, of the Forty-third Indiana, commanding detachment of Second Brigade, behaved well and was severely wounded while cheering his men. A squadron of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, under command of Captain Campbell, rendered very efficient service in protecting my left flank. Colonel Salomon took command of the brigade after I was taken from the field. I take special pleasure in this connection in referring to the officers of my staff, Captain Townsend, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Lacey, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Duncan and Baylies, my aides, all displayed the highest soldierly qualities. Captain Townsend was killed on the march while accompanying the train escorted by the Second Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Drake. Lieutenant Duncan had his horse killed under him on the Terre Noir, and Lieutenant Lacey's horse was wounded by a shell from the enemy on Prairie D'Ane. It is with pleasure that I refer to Lieutenant Wilson, acting assistant quartermaster, whose conduct on the entire ex-

