
pedition showed that he is eminently qualified for the position he fills. I transmit herewith the reports of regimental commanders and a complete list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. RICE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of First Brigade, Third Division, April 2-30.+

April 2.-Engagement with Shelby's command.

April 4.-Skirmish on the Little Missouri.

April 10, 11 and 12.-Skirmished on the Prairie D'Ane.

April 15.-Brisk skirmish with three brigades of rebel cavalry.

April 30.-It bore a prominent part in the bloody battle at Jenkins' Ferry, Saline River.

During the month marched 235 miles, fought five battles, and was engaged in five skirmishes.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel T. Wells, Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, of skirmish at Antoine.

HDQRS. FIFTIETH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, April 3, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have to report that on yesterday, my regiment being ordered to the support of the Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, which was engaging the enemy at the rear of the wagon train, I hastened to the scene of action with all possible speed and there reported to General Rice, who ordered me to place my regiment in position immediately in the rear of the Twenty-ninth, which was at once done and the flanks well covered with skirmishers. The formation was scarcely completed when a fierce charge by cavalry was made against the left wing, with the evident intention of capturing our artillery, which was posted in the center. The Twenty-ninth Iowa gradually retiring over the crest of the hill as a decoy, the charge was received at short range, and repulsed with fearful loss to the enemy, when he immediately retired from our front. Our forces being ordered to fall back on the wagon train, I was ordered to cover the rear, which was effectually done for 2 miles, though with constant skirmishing, when I was relieved by the Ninth Wisconsin. Shortly after the enemy made another attack, when my regiment was ordered to the rear where a sharp engagement was going on with the Ninth. I immediately changed front to the rear and charged upon the enemy on our right and drove them from the field. I was then ordered to resume the march. The regiment had scarcely got into the road when a charge was made by the enemy on our left in

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 692.

+From return for April.

---------------

