
and Privates Misenheimer, Ross, and Dioux, Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers, Ojo Blanco, and two other Apaches, pursued the other party, 36 in number, until near dark. Of this party 17 escaped. You will thus see that only 35 Navajoes escaped, and some of these were wounded. Forty are reported to me by Lieutenant Newblod to have been left dead, on the field. From the nature of the ground, bottom land with high grass, it was impossible for him to find the balance, who were doubtless killed or badly wounded to the number of at least 25. At 4 p. m., it being intensely cold (so much so as to severely freeze the hands of Mr. Labadie, and the hands, feet and ears several others), the horses and mules of the soldiers being very tired, and a great deal of ammunition having been expended, and night drawing near, it was deemed advisable by Lieutenant Newblod, commanding the party, to return to the post, which course met with my entire approbation. The cold was so extreme during the day that it was with great difficulty the men could load and fire their pieces. Had the weather been milder, it is my belief that all the Navajoes would have been killed. This in the same party whipped by nearly the same command on the 16th ultimo. They have lost in this fight 65 men killed or severely mounded. The balance of their blankets, and about 50 head of horses and mules and 6 of Mr. La Rue's.

Captain Calloway with his company left here with alacrity at the double-quick, and did his best to reach the scene of action in time, but in my judgment it is impossible for infantry to accomplish anything against these sudden raids. I would respectfully request that, if compatible with the interest of the service an additional company of cavalry may be stationed at the post, as this seemed to be the post, as this seemed to be the great thoroughfare for the Navajoes in their marauding expeditions. I would add that some of the friendly Navajoes started in pursuit on foot but could not keep near the horsemen. They all returned to the post, in nowise discomposed by the dribbling which their thieving brethren had received. In this scout we lost none killed and but 2 Apaches slightly wounded. Lieutenant Newbold, before attacking the Indians the second time, told them through the interpreter that they were incur power, and that if they would surrender he would take them to their fiends at the fort. This often they contemptuously rejected.

I beg to call the attention of the commanding general to the gallant and handsome manner in which Lieutenant Newblod, Fifth U. S. Infantry, managed this very successful, engagement. Such conduct deserves well of the Government. Mr. Labadie, Indian agent, was particularly distinguished; also Mr. Carillo, Mr. Whittemore, Ojo Blanco, and the Apaches generally who were engaged, and all the soldiers of Lieutenant Newbold's command, 11 in number, and who have already been mentioned by name. They were cool and obeyed orders, and did their duty in a highly creditable manner. Where all behaved so well would be invidious to particularize.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. WALLEN,

Major Seventh U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General Department of New Mexico.

