
direction of our artillery. Our front was again changed to the rear and the enemy again handsomely repulsed, when he shortly left off the pursuit. The first charge of the enemy on our left was repulsed by Companies A, under Captain McCoy, B, under Captain Peck, and G, under Captain Carothers, all under Major Attkisson. At each subsequent attack the whole regiment was engaged. Both officers and men, without exception, displayed the utmost coolness and courage. The casualties of the day were 4 killed, 11 wounded, and 6 missing.

Very respectfully,

S. T. WELLS,

Lieutenant Colonel Fiftieth Indiana Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant JOHN F. LACEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 7th Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Benton, jr., Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, of skirmish at Antoine.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-NINTH IOWA INFANTRY, Camp on Little Missouri River, April 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report on the 2nd instant I was assigned to the duty of guarding the rear of our supply train. My command, consisting of the Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry and one section of Captain Voegele's battery, wa formed in the following order; One company immediately in rear of the train as an advance guard, followed by the battery; the main body of the regiment, consisting of seven companies, two companies as a rear guard, and a sergeant and 8 men in the extreme rear. While passing a narrow, muddy defile, caused by a small stream 1 mile east of Terre Noir Creek, a body of Shelby's cavalry, supposed to be 1,200 strong, made a sudden dash upon our rear guards. The guards, supported by our left wing, rallied promptly, opened a brisk fire, and momentarily checked the advance of the enemy, which enabled us to pass the defile and deploy our forces on either side of the road. I ordered the battery into position and opened fire on the enemy, which was instantly replied to with vigor and accuracy. After a brief and spirited contest, the enemy fell back. I then advanced to Terre Noir Creek, and after crossing it again opened fire with the battery and a volley from the rear guard. Believing that the enemy endeavoring to flank us, I withdrew my forces rapidly to the hid ground 1 mile in advance. Just before my advance reached the highest elevation the enemy again attacked our rear, but was held in check by our skirmishers until I succeeded in getting the battery into position and deploying the remain body of my forces on the crown of the hill. At this point the enemy made desperate charge, but after a hotly contested action of an hours' duration he was driven back in confusion, and evidently with considerable loss. During the engagement Brigadier General S. A. Rice, with the Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Wells commanding (whose conduct on the occasion deserves the highest commendation), arrived and assumed command. My command was now ordered to the front, and was subsequently halted and deployed twice as a reserve, but was not again engaged with the enemy.

