
I am under special obligations to Major C. B. Shoemaker and Adjutant Joseph Lyman, of my command (Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson was absent on sick leave), for their prompt and efficient co-operation from the commencement to the close of the series of engagements in which we took part. Gread credit is also due to my line officers and men for the readiness with which they conformed to the embarrassing circumstances by which they resisted the approach the unfaltering determination with which they resisted the approach of the enemy. Captain Voegele, with his battery, rendered us valuable services whenever opportunity offered. The total loss to my command was 4 enlisted men killed, 4 enlisted men missing, 3 officers and 16 enlisted men wounded; aggregate, 27.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. BENTON, JR.,

Colonel Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN F. LACEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Major Hiram D. Gibson, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, of operations March 23-April 19.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD IOWA INFANTRY VOLS.,Camden, Ark., April 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with general ordered from headquarters First Brigade, I herewith transmit you the following report pertaining to the Thirty-third Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers, during the recent campaign, including list of casualties, &amp;c.: Prior to the arrival of our forces at Prairie D'Ane, the part taken in any engagement by my regiment was entirely unimportant. On arriving at Prairie D'Ande I was ordered to form line of battle and move to the left of the fiftieth Indiana, which was done. I was then ordered to form column by division, and in that order I moved forward onto the prairie. While crossing a slough in the timber joining the prairie, a shell from the enemy's gun exploded near the regiment, killing 1 man and breaking several guns. On reaching the open ground I again deployed, sending forward two companies as skirmishers, with instructions to move steadily forward, which they did, driving the enemy before them, the regiment moving to their support. In this order I moved forward till the regiment moving to their support. In this order I moved forward till the regiment rested where the enemy's artillery first opened fire. It then being dark, the skirmishers were ordered to rest in place, and the regiment retired 200 yards to unexposed ground, and bivouacked. At 11 p. m. the enemy dashed upon the skirmish line, but was repulsed without injury to us. The transactions of the following day are unimportant.

On the morning of the 13th of April we moved, in connection with the entire forces, through and to the west of Prairie D'Ane, our skirmishers steadily driving the enemy before them. ON approaching their works on the Camden and Washington road the enemy hastily withdrew. From this time till the morning of the 15th nothing worthy of note transpired. On the 15th day of April my regiment was the advance infantry. Two companies were deployed as skir-

