
mishers on either side of the road, and having moved forward 2 miles, were fired upon by the enemy. The skirmisher moved forward, driving them, assisted by a howitzer, until they came in range of the enemy's artillery, which was opened upon us, wounding 4 men. My regiment supported the Second Missouri Battery* on the right. Having taken this position, I sent forward three sharpshooters from each company to assist the skirmishers and annoy the enemy's gunners. After an engagement of two hours the enemy withdrew from his position, after which the march was resumed. At about 2 miles distance we were again fired on. While awaiting orders a shell from the enemy's gun burst near my regiment, dangerously wounding 1 man. A sharp skirmish was kept up for 2 1/2 miles, when the enemy withdrew from our front. Our entire loss in killed and wounded when we reached Camden amounted to 1 killed and 4 wounded. I was relieved of my command on the 19th of April, while in camp at Camden, Colonel Mackey having arrived at the regiment.

H. D. GIBSON,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN F. LACEY,

Acting. Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Cyrus H. Mackey, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, of operations April 19-May 3.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD IOWA INFANTRY VOLS.,Little Rock, Ark., May 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to transmit you the following report of the engagement in which the Thirty-third Regiment Iowa Infantry took part from the time of my taking command at Camden, Ark., until its arrival at Little Rock, including a list of casualties, &amp;c.: I arrived at Camden on the 19th day of April, and immediately took command of my regiment, at this time 600 strong. Nothing of particular interest took place from the time of the evacuation of Camden until my arrival at Saline Rivere.

On the evening of the 29th, at 6.30 p. m., I was ordered to the rear on the Camden road to support Colonel Engelmann's brigade, an attack being anticipated during the night. I stood at arms during the entire night, the enemy miaking no particular demonstration, although in speaking distance. Night very dark and raining most of the time.

About 4 a. m. on the 30th, I received orders that as soon as the Forty-third Illinois Infantry, on my left, was withdrawn I should retire about three-quarters of a mile toward the river and take position covering the passage of the troops while crossing. This movement I executed without being discovered by the enemy. This position I occupied half an hour, when the enemy made his appearance. The skirmishers immediately engaged them, holding them in check for half an hour, when I was relieved by the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry. I marched my command to a new position, 1 mile in the

---------------

*Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

---------------

