
direction of the choosing. In twenty minutes the engagement became general, and I was ordered to the support of the Fifth Indiana Infantry, on the left. From this time until the close of the battle the regiment was almost continually engaged. As to the conduct of both officers and men of my command I cannot speak in terms too high. To attempt distinction would be injustice to my command, as all did their duty nobly. A short time before the close of the action I received a wound in my right arm, which compelled me to quit the field, the command of the regiment devolving upon Captain Boydston, Company A, who at the close of the engagement marched the regiment off in good ordered. The regiment arrived in camp at Little Rock, Ark., on the 3rd day of May, 1864. Nothing of importance transpired during the remainder of our march.

It would be doing great injustice to the enlisted men of my command to fail to notice the manner in which they endured the fatigue and privations of the march, the rations being exhausted on the 29th of April. For the operations of the regiment prior to my command, reference is made to the report of Major H. D. Gibson, herewith transmitted.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

C. H. MACKEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN F. LACEY,

Acting Assistant adjutant-General.

Extend of casualties: Killed, enlisted men, 8. Wounded, commissioned officers, 6; enlisted men, 96. Missing, enlisted men, 13. Total loss, 123.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Charles E. Salomon, Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, of skirmish at Antoine.
HDQRS. NINTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, Okolona, Ark., April 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 2nd instant my regiment had the advance of the rear brigade of the Third Division, Seventh Army Corps. I received an order from the commanding general to protect the road with four companies of my regiment at a point where the road branches off from the Washington road to another road leading to Camden, and to direct the other three companies of my regiment to guard the supply and pontoon trains, consisting of over 200 wagons, moving along said Camden road. I also stationed at this point two pieces of artillery of Captain Voegele's battery, under the command of Lieutenant D. Veidt. At about 5 p. m. the Fiftieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, being in the rear of the column, arrived at tthis point hotly pursued by the enemy. I was ordered by General Rice to take the rear with my four companies, H, E, G, and B, and two pieces of artillery. As soon as the column moved forward I was attacked by a heavy force of cavalry; I retreated, fighting till we arrived at the first hill on the road, about one-half mile from the place, where I took the rear. Here I put the two pieces of

