
artillery in position and deployed my four companies to right and left of said two pieces of artillery, awaiting the enemy. The enemy dismounted his cavalry, deployed, and attacked my command in strong force; he was supported by two pieces of artillery, which fired shot, shell, and canister. After fifteen minutes' fighting, General Rice arrived witht he Fiftieth Indiana to support me. The enemy was then repulsed and fell back. We resumed our march in the rear of the column, and were re-enforced by the three other companies of my regiment, A, D, and I, which arrived in the rear at about 6 p .m. The enemy continued to attack by an overwhelming force the Fiftieth Indiana was ordered to our support, and bravely assisted in repelling the enemy. After dark the enemy ceased to pursue us, and marching on we arrived in camp near Okolona at 10 p. m. I am proud to say that all officers and men under my command have done their duty. My force consisted of seven companies of infantry, numbering 17 officers and 413 enlisted men.

My loss* during the engagement is as follows:

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. SALOMON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN F. LACEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Captain Martin Voegele, Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding battery, of skirmish at Antoine.
HDQRS. COMPANY F, NINTH WISCONSIN Regiment VOLS.,April 5, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with Special Orders, No 21, I have the honor to submit to your notice the following report of the part taken by my battery during the action of the 2nd instant: Early in the morning I was ordered to the rear with one section to assist in covering the train. About 4 miles from our late camping-ground we were suddenly attacked by the enemy's cavalry,l with two pieces of artillery. I immediately took position and dispersed them. They again followed, and I was compelled to unlimber at every commanding position I could occupy, and always keeping them sufficiently in check. Leaving the military road to Cemden to the left, I relieved the first section with the second, which assisted in covering the retreat during the remainder of the day. Altoghether I fired 138 rounds of ammunition. Loss, 1 man slightly wounded, and 1 horse.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN VOEGLE,

Captain Co. F, Ninth Regiment Wisconsin Vols., Commanding Batty.

[Brigadier General S. A. RICE.]

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 enlisted man wounded and 13 enlisted men missing, 2 of whom were wounded.

---------------

