
being well supported by the artillery of Lieutenant Peetz. The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Drake, giving a detailed statement of the disposition of his forces and skirmishes with the enemy, is submitted herewith. The capture by his force early in the morning of a rebel lieutenant, an aide-de-camp upon the staff of General Marmaduke, confirmed me in the belief that that general was near us in person with a large portion of his division. After a very lively skirmish of near two hours, the enemy having discovered the position of our battery and replying to it vigorously with four pieces of artillery, our pickets and advanced companies were driven back upon their infantry reserves. The enemy (since ascertained to be General Cabell's brigade, 1,600 strong) charged with a yell upon our left for the purpose of flanking us and capturing our battery. Their approach from the cover of the timber was met gallantly by two our three well-directed volleys from the Thirty-sixth Iowa. Colonel Kittredge's report of the part taken by his regiment in resisting this charge of the enemy is herewith forwarded, together with the report of Major Norriss.

Immediately after the charge and repulse of the enemy the re-enforcement sent for by me arrived, consisting of the Twenty-ninth Iowa, Infantry and Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, of Brigadier-General Rice's brigade, but before they were put in position by him the enemy withdrew, not, however, until a grape-shot from their battery had inflicted a slight wound upon the general's head, from the effects of which I am gratified to say he has recovered.

In looking upon the results of this engagement and the great disparity of numbers of the forces engaged, I cannot but regard this encounter as one reelecting the highest praise upon the coolness and unflinching courage of the men of my command, all of whom acquitted themselves well. My entire list of casualties (most of which are slight wounds) will not exceed 30, while the new-made graves of 18 of the enemy are n sight of our present encampment, and they confess to a loss of more than 50 in wounded. My especial thanks are due Colonel C. W. Kittredge, Lieutenant-Colonel Drake, Major W. W. Norris, and Lieutenant Peetz, for their prompt co-operation and gallant disposition of their forces; and also to my personal staff, Captain W. S. Magill, Captain W. E. Whitridge, Lieutenant E. P. Pearce, and Lieutenant Charles J. Eagler, for the assistance they rendered me in carrying orders under the fire of the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. McLEAN,

Colonel Forty-third Indiana Infy., Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Camden, Ark., April 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the participation of the brigade under my command in the events of the present expedition since my last report of the 6th instant, whch embraced operations to that date: On the 7th instant, three days after the battle of Elin's Ford, this brigade moved on the road and encamped with the residue of the forces composing this army upon the Cornelius plantation (awaiting the co-operation of

