
the division under command of Brigadier-General Thayer), where the enemy had erected fortifications upon the hills extending over a circuit of near 3 miles, and which had been evacuated by them on the evening previous to our arrival. On the 10th instant, General Thayer's division having arrived, our forces proceeded to Prairie D'Ane, a distance of 6 miles, at the edge of which the enemy'sksirmishers awaited us, supported by artillery, and commenced a vigorous attack upon the advance. A lively skirmish here ensuing the rebel skirmishers fell back, withdrawing their artillery, and our forces advanced until our line of skirmishers was established on the prairie, a mile from the timber. It being now dark and our forces having a good position we halted for the night; until 11 o'clock heavy cannonading and brisk skirmishing continued with slight intervals.

Upon the day of this march this brigade was charged with guarding the general supply and pontoon trains, but at the beginning of the skirmishing the Seventy-seventh Ohio was ordered by me to advance and occupy a position in line on the right of the road, and the Thirty-sixth Iowa, which was posted along the train in detachments by my order, advanced n double-quick a distance of over 2 miles, and was soon posted in position on the left of the road on the prairie. These two regiments remained n line under arms all night. The Forty-third Indiana, which was in rear of the whole train, did not arrive in camp near the prairie until about midnight. My artillery, Company E, Second Missouri Light Artillery, by the order of General Salomon, was rapidly hurried to the front and took position on the extreme right of our line of defense, where it did most excellent service.

On the afternoon of the 11th, it being evident that the enemy were in large force upon our right, I was ordered to take a position in line on the right, and co-operate with the cavalry brigade of Lieutenant-Colonel Caldwell. Here my brigade bivouacked the remainder of the day and the following night, sleeping upon their arms. The next day, the army advancing upon the rebel fortifications, this brigade, with one section of artillery (Vaughn's battery), marched in close column in the center between the First and Third Brigades, with orders to support either, as the necessity should require. The enemy's pickets gave way before our line of skirmishers when the general advance took place, and the small remnant of the forces left by them to keep up appearance of resistance soon fled through the woods, leaving their long line of fortifications.

The conduct of the men of the brigade upon the occasion of this advance, with the probability of battle before them, was most admirable. Upon the day of the successful entry of our troops into Camden, my brigade being again charged with the guarding of the general supply and pontoon trains, did not participate in the fight occurring upon the occasion. I take pleasure in reporting that during the whole expedition the conduct and discipline of the men of the brigade has been without exception most excellent, and their willingness to do any duty assigned them, attended with whatever danger, most marked and gratifying.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. McLEAN,

Colonel Forty-third Indiana Infy., Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

