
Numbers 14. Report of Major Wesley W. Norris, Forty-third Indiana Infantry, of engagement at Elkin's Ferry.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,Camp Numbers 9, April 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the engagements of the 3rd and 4th instant: On the morning of the 3rd, four companies-Company A, commanded by Lieutenant Harper; Company B, commanded by Captain Darnall; Company F, commanded by Captain Lane, and Company I, commanded by Captain Hall, and all under my immediate command-went to the relief of the cavalry pickets. On arriving at the front and learning the location of the ground and the position of the enemy I deployed my force, Captain Hall on the right, Captain Lane on the left, and Captain Darnall and Lieutenant Harper in the center. The cavalry skirmishers were called in, when I ordered my line of skirmishers to advance. They did so, and the enemy were soon routed from their position and driven before us for the distance of 2 miles, when I was ordered to fall back. My skirmishers pressed the enemy so closely that the retreat of some 15 or 16 was cut off, and they surrendered themselves as prisoners of war to our pickets. On the night of the 3rd, five companies of my command were ordered to the front, three to support the cavalry pickets, to-wit, Company C, commanded by Lieutenant Holman; Company E, commanded by Lieutenant Thompson, and Company H, commanded by Lieutenant Cooper, and two companies, to-wit, Company K, commanded by Lieutenant Moore, and Company D, commanded by Captain Brown, to support the batteries. Companies C, E, and H were deployed on the left of artillery, Company H being the center and advance. The attack was made at 6 o'clock in the morning, from which time those companies were engaged witht he enemy until 10 o'clock, when they were forced to fall back by a superior force of the enemy. The men and officers fought gallantly. The remaining five companies of my command were held in reserve on the right until about 3 p. m., when I was ordered to take position on the left, which position I took and remained in line during the evening and night of the 4th. A list of casualties has already been forwarded.

I am, with respect, your most obedient servant,

W. W. NORRIS,

Major Forty-third Indiana Vol. Infy., Commanding Regiment.

Colonel WILLIAM W. McLEAN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel Charles W. Kittredge, Thirty-six Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Elin's Ferry.
HDQRS. THIRST-SIXTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFANTRY,Camp at Elin's Ford, Ark., April 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 2nd instant this regiment crossed the Little Missouri River at the ford known as Elkin's Ford and went into camp upon the south

