
bank of the river and just to the right of the ford, the Forty-third Indiana Infantry occupying the ground to our left across the road, these regiments being the only part of the army that crossed the river, excepting small cavalry outposts who picketed the grounds to our front, the rest of the army having gone into camp on the north bank of the river and in our rear. On the evening of the 3rd instant I received your ordered to send three companies to the front, with orders to support the cavalry outposts and, if necessary, skirmish with the enemy, holding him in check until a larger force could be sent forward. I ordered Lieutenant Colonel F. M. Drake to take command of Companies D, G, and A and carry out your instructions, which he immediately did, you strengthening his command soon after with three companies of the Forty-third Indiana Infantry. A copy of his report I have the honor to inclose herewith, from which you will see that he with his small command held the large force of the enemy in check for several hours. About 6 o'clock on the morning of the 4th instant the skirmishers were briskly engaged, and your ordered me to move forward with the seven remaining companies of the regiment. I moved up to the rear of the skirmishers and a little in advance of two pieces of Battery E, Second Missouri Artillery, which I found had been put in position during the night. I rode forward to speak with Lieutenant-Colonel Drake, who was gallantly holding his ground against such immense odds, when a rebel officer was brought in and promptly sent to your headquarters, and who proved to be a member of General Marmaduke's staff. You now came up in person and ordered me to move a little to the rear, which I did, immediately observing that the whole line of skirmishers to the left of the road were giving way and rapidly retreating across an open field in their rear. I now formed in line on the left of the road a little to the rear of the battery, ordering the men to lie down. I received no further orders until the battle was over. The firing now being brisk and the battery fully occupied, handsomely replying to a battery of the enemy which seemed to have secured a very accurate range, I advanced my line of battle a few steps, my right resting directly upon the left of the battery, the men lying down as before, being slightly protected by a rise in the ground directly in front. The enemy were now firing rapidly with artillery and musketry, and I became satisfied they were charging upon the battery, and as they made their appearance in the open ground, I ordered my command to stand up an fire. Our battery now limbered up and retreated across the creek in our rear. I, however, poured in a few well-directed volleys, which sent the enemy back as rapidly as they had advanced a few moments before. The firing now nearly ceased on both sides. I found that Lieutenant-Colonel Drake had gradually and in good order fallen back on the right of the road, nearly parallel with the regiment and just to the front of the Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, who were now in line on the right of the road in my rear across the creek, and I ordered him to form his companies in their proper order upon the left of the regiment. The regiment remained upon the field all night, but the enemy had evidently retreated. The officers and men of the regiment behaved gallantly, as they must needs have done to have held in check and finally riven from the field, with the aid of two pieces of artillery a small command of the First Iowa Cavalry and three companies of the Forty-third Indiana Infantry, an enemy 3,000 strong. Lieutenant-Colonel Drake especially deserves honorable

