
JANUARY 6-21, 1864.- Expedition against the Navajo Indians.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commanding Department of New Mexico.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Captain Albert H. Pfeiffer, Fist New Mexico Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain Asa B. Carey, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commanding Department of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Las Cruces, N. Mex., February 7, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy of the report of Colonel Christopher Carson, commanding the expedition against the Navajo Indians, of his success in marching a command through the Canon de Chelle, the great stronghold of that tribe, and of the killing of 23 of the warriors and the capture of a large number of prisoners. These prisoners are now en route to the Bosque Rendondo. This reports is accompanied by reports of Captain Asa B. Carye, U. S. Army, marked B and C, and of Captain Albert H. Pfeiffer, of the First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers. I also inclose a copy of a letter from Colonel Carson, written subsequent to his return to Fort Canby.

It will be seen by these papers that the operations of the troops during the severely cold weather has been of the most praiseworthy character, and been crowned with unparalleled success. This is the first time any troops, whether when the country belonging to Mexico or since we acquired it, have been able to pass through the Canon de Chelle, which, for its great depth, its length, its perpendicular walls and its laboringhian character, has been regarded by eminent geologists as the most remarkable of any fissure (for such it is held to be) upon the face of the globe. It has been the great fortress of the tribe since time out of mind. To this point they fled when pressed by our troops. Colonel Washington, Colonel Sumner, and many other commanders have made an attempt to go through it, but had to retrace their steps. It was reserved for Colonel Carson to be the first to succeed and I respectfully request the Government will favorably notice that officer and give that officer and give him a substantial reward for this crowning act in a long life spent in various capacities in the service of his country in fighting the savages among he fastness of the Rocky Mountains.

Captain Asa B. Carey of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, the chief quartermaster of the expedition against the Navajoes, volunteered for this march, and as usual with this gallant and energetic officer was particularly distinguished. I hope the Government will reward hi with the compliment of a brevet. He is entitled to a brevet for his gallantry in assisting the intrepid Captain William H. Lewis, Fifth U. S. Infantry, who burned the Texan train in apache Canon on the 28th of March, 1862, and he richly deserves that, and also a brevet for his distinguished services in the operations against the Navajoes. I am sure the Government will not be unmindful of the labors of these officers and the brave soldiers who followed them, even though

