
mention for the gallant manner in which he performed his duties. My casualties were 17 wounded, many severely and some mortally, a list of whom I have already had the honor to transmit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. KITTREDGE,

Colonel Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry.

Colonel WILLIAM E. McLEAN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 16. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Francis M. Drake, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry, commanding battalion and Second Brigade.

CAMP THIRTY-SIXTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Near Elin's Ford, Ark., April 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the detachment under my command in the battle of Elin's Ford, on the Little Missouri River, Ark., on the 3rd and 4th instant: By order of Colonel William E. McLean, commanding Second Brigade, about 5 p. m. on the 3rd instant, in command of three companies of the Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry and three companies of the Forty-third Indiana Infantry, I proceeded along the road running perpendicular from the ford through the woods to the front, and took a position about 100 paces in rear of the picket-post on the road, behind a deserted orchard. The picket-post, composed of about 100 men of the First Iowa Cavalry, commanded by Captain McIntrye, I found on my arrival was engaged skirmishing with the advance pickets of the enemy. I immediately went forward among the line of skirmishers until I could observe the enemy's movements, and from close observation soon became satisfied that they were in considerable force, and were covering preparations to attack us next morning. I at once apprised Colonel McLean concerning my apprehensions, who immediately sent to my support Lieutenant Peetz, with section of light artillery, and ordered me to assume command of all the forces to the front, deploy my men on the right and left of the road, and if attacked, to hold my position as long as I thought prudent, and fall back on the reserves. The cavalry post, now composed of Companies C and D, First Iowa Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenants Ronaldson and Walker (who had at this tiime relieved Captain McIntyre), covered about 200 paces of our front with cavalry vedettes, and I deployed Companies D, G, and A, Thirty-sixth Iowa, on the right of the road at intervals of 100 paces between companies, making D my center, placed at the road. I deployed Companies E, H, and C, Forty-third Indiana, at sam company intervals on the left of the road, the battery taking position about 200 paces in rear of my center, and threw well forward and to my flanks a strong infantry picket. I ordered each company to keep up a few watchers, the balance to sleep on their arms until 4 o'clock next morning, when all should get up and breakfast before daylight. I ordered the cavalry, as soon as attacked, to dismount and send all their horses to the rear. Soon after daylight on the morning of the 4th instant the enemy engaged the cavalry pickets, and almost simultaneously made

