
a determined effort to turn my left flank. I mat them on the left with Companies H and C, deployed as skirmishers, and ordered Company D, Captain Hale, to move forward and deploy to support the cavalry. I immediately discovered the enemy entering the orchard in heavy force in line of battle, and moved forward Companies G and E on a line with D. The engagement was now becoming very warm, and my men were falling wounded on my right and left, but by a very determined effort we finally succeeded in driving back the rebel column into the woods in front of the orchard. I immediately dispatched an orderly to Colonel McLean, informing him we were engaged with about 2,000 of the enemy and calling for re-enforcements. A strong effort was now made by the enemy to turn my right flank, when I moved forward Company A, Captain Porter, deployed to protect it. My whole force was now deployed, covering the enemy's front, and the engagement was general along my entire line. I now called upon Lieutenant Peetz to open upon them with his battery, which he bad barely commenced doing when the enemy opened upon us with four field pieces, and for near one hour from this time the engagement on both sides was very severe. With a force of about 300 men we were contending against Generals Cabell and Greene's brigades, commanded by General Marmaduke in person. My officers and men without exception fought with desperation, and we succeeded n checking the enemy, and holding a position about 50 paces in rear of our old line. A lull then ensued of some minutes, taking advantage of which I ordered my line to advance to our old position and take the men's knapsacks, which had been left on the ground where we encamped, now in possession of the enemy. The men went forward, retook their knapsacks, and Company D, Captain Hale, captured while doing so Lieutenant Fackler, and aide-de-camp of General Marmaduke. We were now again in possession of the ground held by us at the commencement of the engagement, and were fully assured from appearances that so far the enemy had received more than he had bargained for.

Fearing the enemy were posting artillery on my flanks to enfilade us or in position to give us a raking cross-fire, I ordered Captain Porter, on my right, and Lieutenant Holman, on my left, to advance a few skirmishers to their front and flank and feel for the enemy.

They had not advanced far until they were both engaged. The enemy had posted a piece of artillery in front of each of my flanks, and with a cross-fire and a direct fire from his four pieces of artillery commenced raking the wood with solid shot, grape, and shell, while his combined forces in one continuous line rushed upon us, firing volleys of musketry and yelling like demons. For some time we held a perfect line, falling back slowly, and contesting every inch of ground, expecting support, until my line on the left of the road, being forced into an open field, gave way entirely, and fell back on their reserves. I now determined to hold my position on the right of the road at all hazards until re-enforced. I succeeded in doing so, and after several hours' severe fighting finally repulsed the enemy, but not without considerable loss. About the time my left gave way, Colonel Kittredge took a position with the balance of the Thirty-sixth Iowa in rear of the field, and repulsed the enemy's charge on my left.

During the engagement, which lasted until near noon with my detachment, the cavalry was commanded by Lieutenants Walker, Ronaldson, McCormick, and Dow, First Iowa Cavalry; the artillery

