
encamped about 18 miles from Camden. The advance under Major McCauley, during the afternoon, encountered a few squads of rebel cavalry along the road, but we did not discover the enemy in any force. Finding the roads much worn by the loaded supply trains to Camden and greatly damaged by recent rains, I organized a pioneer corps, consisting of about 75 colored recruits. By much exertion I succeeded in reaching the edge of the Moro Bottom on the evening of the 24th, where I encamped, keeping my pioneer corps at work during the night, bridging the slough and corduroying the bottom. On the 24th, where I encamped, keeping my pioneer corps at work during the night, bridging the slough and corduroying the bottom. On the 24th, Major McCauley had been diligently scouting all parts of the country, but was unable to discover any enemy. During the night I placed a cavalry picket of 1 officer and 25 men about 2 1/2 miles in my rear, at the junction of the Chambersville and Camden roads, with instructions to patrol at daylight on each road to the rear for 5 miles. I also placed a cavalry picket of 10 men at the junction of the Princeton road, about 2 miles in my advance, with orders to patrol on that road at daylight, 5 miles, and ordered Major McCauley to send an officer and 75 men forward at daylight to the junction of the Warren road, about 6 miles in advance, and take position, to send patrols on that road for 4 or 5 miles, and to go himself with the balance of his command at daylight to the picket-post in our rear, and remain until patrols returned. On the 25th, I moved my pioneer corps at daylight and started the train, the Forty-third Indiana, Major Norris, with one section of artillery, taking the advance, with instructions to proceed on the march and take a position at the junction of the Warren and Pine Bluff roads, and, if the patrol on these roads should report any enemy advancing, to cover their front with a strong line of skirmishers.

I remained at camp with the Thirty-sixth Iowa and Seventy-seventh Ohio and one section of artillery until I received information from the rear, and the train was in motion on the road, when I ordered Major Hamilton, Thirty-sixth Iowa, to move forward on the flank of the train until further orders or until he should reach the junction of the Warren road.

The Seventy-seventh Ohio, with the remaining section of artillery, was left in the rear with instructions how to proceed in case of an attack. Captain Whitridge, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Eagler, of Colonel McLean's staff, remained in the rear with this portion of the command. I had arrived within about 2 miles of my advance, when I met a courier, who informed me that there was skirmishing in front. I ordered the Thirty-sixth Iowa quickly forward. I also dispatched an orderly at rapid speed to the head of the train with orders to Lieutenant Schrom, whom I had intrusted with the advance that morning, to park the train in a field to the left of the road as fast as it came up. Arriving at the advance I found Major Norris, Forty-third Indiana, with Major Spellman, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, who had arrived from Pine Bluff with a force of 150 cavalry from his regiment and the Fifth Kansas, skirmishing with the enemy at the junction of the Warren and Camden roads, on the ridge known as Red Lands. I soon ascertained that a large force of the enemy, commanded by General Fagan, was in our front. I immediately extended the line of skirmishers by deploying two additional companies of the Forty-third Indiana, and ordered the remainder of my forces to move up on double-quick. The Thirty-sixth Iowa was soon up and in position

