
were negroes and Arkansas refugees, who, I am informed, were inhumanly butchered by the enemy, and among them my own negro servant.

In conclusion, I take this opportunity of returning my especial thanks to Majors Norris, Hamilton, and McCauley, and Captain McCormick, and Lieutenant Peetz for their gallant and distinguished services in the management of their respective commands; and to Captain W. S. Magill and W. E. Whitridge, and Lieutenant Charles J. Eagler and D Putnam, of McLean's, and Lieutenant James B. Schrom, of General Salomon's staff, for their valuable services. I would also extend my thanks to Brigadier General Samuel A. Rice for the valuable services of Captain M. G. Townsend, who, I am informed, is among the killed. Captain Townsend was a brave and gallant officer. Peace to the ashes of the brave who fell! To Drs. M. B. Cochran, I. Casselberry, C. G. Strong Patrick A. Smyth, and all the energy and industry they are exhibiting in taking care of the wounded. All of the officers and men of my command behaved well, and fought as only patriots fighting to save a bleeding country can fight. They deserve well of their country.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. DRAKE,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-sixth Iowa Infy., Commanding Second Brigadier

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CENTERVILLE, IOWA, July 5, 1864.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed I send you copies* of my official reports of the battles of Elkin's Ford, Ark., April 4, 1864, and of Marks' Mills, Ark., April 25, 1864. At the date of my report of the battle of Marks' Mils I was a prisoner in the hands of the enemy, and supposed to be mortally wounded. I was suffering very much from my wounds when I dictated the report and omitted detailed particulars which, under more favorable circumstances, I should have given. The portion of my forces engaged with the enemy numbered about 1,000. The rebel forces, commanded by Major-General Fagan, consisted of seven brigades, commanded by Brigadier-Generals Shelby, Dockery, Cabell, Cooper, and Crawford, and Colonels Greene and Wright, and numbered, as I have learned correctly since date of my report, 8,000 strong. The battle lasted about five hours. We had been fighting about two and a half hours when I was wounded. Up to that time we had succeeded in repulsing every charge of the enemy, and except from the great disparity in numbers the prospect of victory was in our favor. I am clearly of opinion that had my order (given after I was disabled) to turn over the command to the next ranking officer been promptly executed a junction might have been formed with the Seventy-seventh Ohio, and our forces might have been at least withdrawn and retreated to Camded, avoiding the capture of any except the wounded. I remained in the hands of the enemy eight days, under treatment of Dr. C. G. Strong, assistant surgeon thirty-sixth Iowa, and myself and all the wounded were well attended and well

---------------

*See pp. 710, 712.

---------------

