
cared for. With the exception of a few able to travel on foot with the prisoners taken south, the wounded were paroled and afterward, under flag of truce, brought to Pine Bluff by our forces. The Thirty-sixth Iowa went into the action with less than 500 men, and you will find, by reference to their list of killed and wounded, which I have ordered to be forwarded to you, that more than one-fourth of their number were killed or wounded. I arrived home on the 28th of May, and am rapidly recovering from my wounds, and hope to be able to join my command soon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry.

General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel William B. Mason, Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations April 2-3.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFY.,In Camp, Arkansas, April 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions received on the evening of April 2, I marched my command, accompanied with two pieces of Company E, Second Missouri Artillery, from Okolona, Ark., out about 2 1/2 miles on a road running in a northwestern direction, and intersecting with the Washington road, to support the First Iowa Cavalry, which was reported engaged with the enemy on the Washington road, and falling back. Having selected a good position, I directed the pieces to be planted and held my regiment in line about an hour, when I received orders from General Salomon to return to Okolona, where I encamped for the night, the remainder of the brigade having gone on to the Little Missouri Rivere. On the morning of the 3rd, I received verbal orders from General Salomon to report with my command to Colonel Adolph Engelmann, commanding the Third Brigade, who had orders to march his brigade back to Spoonville, Ark. I reported accordingly and accompanied his brigade to Spoonville and returned last evening, when I was relieved from duty with the Third Brigade and ordered to report back to you in the morning.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. B. MASON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-seventh Ohio Vet. Vol. Infy.

Captain W. E. WHITRIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Reports of Lieutenant Charles Peetz, Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

SIR: On the 22nd day of April, 1864, the first and third sections left Camden, under command of First Lieutenant Charles Peetz, as escort to

