
a supply train from Camden to Pine Bluff, Ark. At 5 a. m. camp was broke and the march commenced, the escort being under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Drake, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry, the escort consisting of the Forty-third Indiana Infantry, Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry, and Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry, and also four pieces of Light Battery E, Second Missouri Artillery, under command of First Lieutenant Charles Peetz, and several detachments of cavalry. On the 25th of April, at 8 a. m., at Marks' Mills, Ark., Major-General Fagan attacked us in our front, the Forty-third Indiana Infantry and the third section of our battery being in the advance, the Thirty-sixth Iowa as flankers, and the Seventy-seventh Ohio and the first section of our battery being in the rear of thee train, the train consisting of 240 Government wagons and a considerable number of ambulances. Our advance had very heavy skirmishing for about one hour witht he enemy, and at 9 o'clock I opened fire with the third section, changing direction of firing three times. Being in action four or five hours, the Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry and the first section of the battery were ordered to the front, but unfortunately before they could join the advance they were either captured or killed and wounded. As we were also overpowered by unequal numbers and no re-enforcements coming to our relief, after five and a half hours of hard fighting we were also overpowered by unequal numbers and no re-enforcements coming to our relief, after five and a half hours of hard fighting we were either taken prisoners or killed, abut indeed the loss of lief was dreadful on both sides. As for our battery I cannot ascertain how many were lost. I was wounded myself, but to my greatest enjoyment when I was exchanged on the 4th of May, 1864, and having arrived at Little Rock, Ark., I found 7 of my boys, who had made their escape and had joined the battery again at Little Rock. We lost our four pieces, horses, harness, &amp;c; also the whole train. As for our horses, they did not get many, as they were pretty near all killed or wounded. I lost two horses myself, private property, which were shot from under me. Since my return to Little Rock 6 men of our battery have returned under parole, 3 being now exchanged. During all the engagements the men of the battery, without any exception, behaved most nobly, which deserves the greatest praise during the whole campaign. Without any exception, the battle of Marks' Mills, Ark., was one of the hardest battles I have ever been in.

I remain, yours, truly,

CHARLES PEETZ,

First Lieutenant Battery E, Second Missouri Artillery.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 24, 1864.

COLONEL: I very respectfully submit to you a complete report of the campaign of Light Battery E, Second Missouri Artillery Volunteers, in the Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, Department of Arkansas, under special command of Brigadier General F. Salomon, commanding Third Division, Seventh Army Corps. Captain Stange having been appointed chief of artillery, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, March 14, 1864, First Lieutenant Charles Peetz took command of Light Battery E, the only officer remaining with the battery,

