
the field of their operations is far removed from the more important and brilliant events of the great war. Sergt. Andreas Herrera, of Company C, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, it will be seen has again distinguished himself, and it affords me great pleasure to call attention to his name.

I believe this will be the last Navajo war. The persistent efforts which have been and will continue to be made can hardly fail to bring in the whole tribe before they year ends.

I beg respectfully to call the serious attention of the Government to the destitute condition of the captives, and be for authority to provide clothing for the women and children. Every preparation will be made to plant large crops for their subsistence at the Bosque Redondo the coming spring. Whether the Indian Department will do anything for these Indians or not, you will know, but whatever is to be done should be done at once. At all events, as i before wrote to you, "we can feed them cheaper than we can fight them."

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NAVAJO EXPEDITION,Fort Canby, N. Mex., January 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding that on the 6th instant I left this post on an expedition to the Cannon de Chelle,with commissioned officers, 14 and enlisted men, 375. Owing to the depth of the snow on the mountain which divides the valleys of this section with those of the Pueblo Colorado, it too my command three days to reach that place, a distance heretofore accomplished in one day. While en route on the 8th, my escort killed 1 warrior. On my arrival at the Pueblo Colorado, I was joined by the ox train and its escort, under Major Jose D. Sena, which I had sent forward on the 3rd, with the expectation that he would have had the to recuperate his animals before the arrival of my command. In this i was disappointed, as it took his command five days to make 25 miles, and with a loss of 27 oxen. This made it necessary for me to lighten the loads and leave one wagon to enable me to accomplish my object, which I did, leaving behind ten day's ratios for my command and 25 men as a guard. On the 12th, I arrived at the west opening of the Canon de Chelle. In the morning I made a detour to the right of the line of march, with my staff and escort, and struck the cannon about 6 miles from the mount. Wishing to reconnoiter a little previous to commencing operations, I proceeded up the canon on the south side some 4 or 5 miles farther, but could find no possible means for descending to the bottom of the canon, the height of the sides averaging about 1,000 feet and nearly perpendicular. I saw several Indians on the opposite or north side of the canon, but out of range of our small-arms.

