
in my command and copies of the reports of regimental commanders. I also submit reports of the number of rounds of ammunition expended.* When in the early part of the engagement the enemy opened on my main position, all the guns of Vaughn's battery had been charged with percussion shell. Before resuming the march these had to be discharged. All information that I have been able to gather proves that the loss of the enemy was by far more severe than our own. The cavalry brigade, coming in at about 2 o'clock, was detained for some time in issuing rations to its men. It was 4 p. m. when, having drawn in the skirmishers and pickets, I commenced the march toward Hollywood. The roads, badly cut up by the passage of our army, had become very difficult in consequence of the heavy rain in the morning. Night set in before I reached the Washington and Arkadelphia road, when, running upon pickets of the enemy, I formed the Third Brigade in line and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 4th no enemy was found, his pickets having been withdrawn during the night. A cavalry patrol was sent out on the Washington road for some miles, driving small parties of the enemy who were here engaged in burning cotton. Another patrol was sent to a steam mill, three-quarters of a mile from the cross-roads, with instructions to make the mill unserviceable, and take the proprietor, who, according to information received, had guided Shelby in his attacks on our forces on the 2nd and 3rd of April. Some portions of the machinery were taken out of the mill and destroyed, rendering it unfit for use. The proprietor was not found. Colonel Ritter had the advance to Hollywood. On his arrival he sent some of his forces out toward Arkadelphia to ascertain whether anything could be heard of General Thayer. They returned without having been able to get any intelligence. On the morning of the 5th, two squadrons were sent out on the Fort Smith road for the same object.

I left Hollywood at 10 a. m. Colonel Ritter remained until the return of the squadrons that had taken the Fort Smith road, he having been requested in case he should obtain any information of General Thayer to sent it to me immediately. At the cross-roads I again sent small patrols of cavalry both toward Washington and to the mill. At the latter the man who had been guiding Shelby was apprehended and taken into camp by Colonel Rittere. I arrived in camp on the Little Missouri after dark, and immediately reported at division headquarters in person.

It becomes my duty here to report an atrocity committed by an officer of Shelby's command. The Widow Colones, living at Hollywood, has a son in the Third Missouri Cavalry. When Shelby's forces entered that place on the morning of the 2nd instant an officer rode up to her house, and asking her whether a negro man then present was her property, on her answering in the affirmative, shot the negro twice, one shot taking effect in the neck, the other in the head, and left him for dead.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

ADOLPH ENGELMANN,

Colonel 43rd Regiment Ill. Vols., Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 7th A. C.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

46 R R-VOL XXXIV. PT I

