
The Fortieth Iowa, Volunteer Infantry, Companies F and B of the Forty-third Illinois, and one section of Vaughn's battery, under Lieutenant Thomas, were placed in line, and soon engaged by the enemy with small-arms and four pieces of artillery. The response by our skirmishers and artillery was deliberate and effective. The Forty-third Illinois, Twenty-seventh Wisconsin, and four pieces of Vaughn's battery were formed into a second line. Subsequently the Fortieth Iowa and Twenty-seventh Wisconsin and one section of the battery formed a third line. The road now having become clear of our troops, and the enemy having received a decided check by the engagement with the first line, showed no disposition to molest us at that time.

I resumed the march in the road, covering the rear with a line of skirmishers consisting of two companies of the Fortieth Iowa, that regiment forming the rear of the brigade. Arriving on the bluff above the Saline Bottom I was ordered by the general commanding division to leave one regiment and one section of artillery as a picket at that point. The Forty-third Illinois and the section under charge of Lieutenant Thomas, all under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Dengler, were assigned to this duty. I had not proceeded beyond the field at the foot of the bluff, when the picket was attacked and I was compelled to form the Fortieth Iowa in rear of the field as a support to the Forty-third Illinois. Colonel Garrett, commanding the Fortith, was instructed to throw out skirmishers on both his right and left flanks so as to connect with the Forty-third Illinois and guard his regiment against surprise. The enemy again brought artillery into action, but a few rounds from our own compelled him to speedily withdraw his pieces. During the remaining hours of daylight the engagement (extending from the right of the Fortieth along the front of the Forty-third and down again to the skirmishers on the left of the Fortieth) was maintained exclusively with small-arms, the enemy making frequent use of percussion rifle-balls. At sunset our artillery was withdrawn from the picket. At nightfall, the skirmishing having ceased, the Thirty-third Iowa, a regiment of General Rice's brigade, having been ordered to report to me, took the position of the Forty-third Illinois, the latter regiment, however, withdrawing under the brow of the bluff, where it was formed as a reserve to the Thirty-third. During the afternoon and night it rained with but little intermission, causing the regiments which were lying out in line, without any shelter and without fires, to suffer severely. The Fortieth Iowa and Forty-third Illinois endured the most, as they had been skirmishing with the enemy during the rain since noon and now had to lie in it over night. At 2 a. m. I was ordered to withdraw all the regiments from picket but-one, which was to be deployed in rear of the field at the foot of the bluff. The Thirty-third iowa was by me assigned to this position, it being one of the regiments of the First Brigade, which, according to the regular changes in the order of march heretofore observed in the division, would have the rear that day. Soon after daybreak on the 30th, this regiment was engaged by the enemy. General Rice coming up requested me to send a regiment to the support of the Thirty-third. The Twenty-seventh Wisconsin was sent back for that purpose. A staff officer now informed me that my brigade was again to take the rear that day, and that the troops should move toward the Saline River as fast as the train should clear the road. The Twenty-seventh Wisconsin accordingly relieved the Thirty-third, but the

