
ordered the First Arkansas, a regiment of General Thayer's division, which came up as re-enforcement, to support them. The appearance of this regiment on our extreme left immediately relieved the pressure on the Fortieth, without the First Arkansas sustaining any material loss. In the mean time the Forty-third Illinois had come up with the center of our lines just as the Thirty-third Iowa had for the second time completely exhausted its ammunition, and passing through that regiment took up the engagement, driving the enemy for one-half a mile to the foot of the bluff. The enemy having now been completely repulsed on all sides, the general commanding division ordered the troops to be recalled, and the march to be resumed, which was done in good order. Thus terminated one of the most sanguinary engagements of the war, fought exclusively by infantry, the section of artillery brought into position by us firing into position to be taken by a combined attack of the Twenty-ninth Iowa and Second Kansas, African descent.

The ground over which the battle was fought, with the exception of the two open fields near the road, was a majestic forest, growing out of the swamp, which it was very difficult to pass through on horseback, the infantry being most of the time in the water up to their knees.

The advanced position occupied by the Forty-third Illinois when the march was resumed enabled me to form an opinion as to the relative loss of our own and the enemy's forces. I do not hesitate to give the enemy's loss as three to one of our own. His loss in field officers was particularly heavy. I must here express the high obligations under which I am to Colonel Garrett and Lieutenant-Colonel Dengler for the gallantry with which they led their commands, being conscious, however, that nothing I can say can afford them the satisfaction they must have experienced in witnessing the bravery of their men. To the officers of my staff I am under obligations for faithful and valuable services during the campaign. To Captain Fay, acting assistant adjutant-general, for services on the field, Okolona, Prairie D'Ane, and during the skirmish on the 29th. Early in the engagement on the 30th, he was instructed by the general commanding division with the execution of an order from army headquarters, directing the lightening and destruction of trains still ont he west side of the river. Lieutenant M. H. White, aide-de-camp and inspecting officer, whether in health or sickness, both on the march and the battle-field, ever performed his whole duty as a brave and accomplished officer. Lieutenant Damon Greenleaf, aide-de-camp, as a brave and patriotic officer, rendered, under all circumstances, most valuable services, most particularly at Okolona, and during the engagement of the 29th.

I have the honor to exhibit herewith the reports of regimental commander; also detailed report of the casualties, the number killed being 14; wounded, 73; total, 87.

Shortly after midnight on the morning of the 1st of May orders were received limiting the amount of transportation allowed to each brigade to one team, and directing the destruction of all surplus wagons and baggage. Heavy details were made on my command to carry out this order. Our route on this day for some miles led through a bottomless swamp, my brigade marching this day in rear of the division, and the ordnance and other trains having been ordered in advance. General Thayer also, although holding the rear of the army, having sent his artillery forward, the artillery assigned

