
to my command was the last to pass the swamp. The corduroy road, which had been prepared by the troops in advance, had, by the time my artillery was to pass, to a great extent disappeared in the mud. The horses were continually falling, while limbers, guns, and caissons almost sank in the swamp. I constituted the whole of my command into three working parties-one cutting out new roads wherever this was feasible, another party making corduroys, and by far the largest party being engaged in raising fallen horses and in drawing guns and caissons from which the horses had been taken off, frequently for a hundred yards at a time. By these means I was enabled to keep my command compact and closed upon the rear of those forward of me. On the morning of the 2nd of May some more bad roads were encountered, and owing to the starved condition of the horses, the same having been without feed since leaving Princeton, they were unable to draw the guns and caissons, requiring much assistance from the infantry. Since leaving Princeton the men had been without bread, while the amount of meat drawn or foraged was considerable. On the 30th of April and the 1st, and until the night of the 2nd of May, the men had to subsist almost exclusively on coffee, yet they fought and defeated the enemy, worked the roads, and drew the artillery, not only without a murmur, but even cheerfully. The march on the 2nd of May, owing to the exhausted and starved condition of the men, was entered upon by me with the apprehension that many would drop down by the roadside. Information having been received and communicated to the men that rations were to be brought from Little Rock into the encampment to be occupied that night, even the most feeble pushed on, all arriving in camp on the Benton road at sunset. The bravery and fortitude of the men, maintained under the most trying circumstances, not only in meeting and defeating an enemy by far more numerous than themselves, in suffering exposure to drenching rains, and being compelled for nights in succession to lie in the swamps, but above all, in bearing the attacks of gaunt hunger and yet obeying every order of their officers with cheerfulness and alacrity, entitles them to the highest consideration and gratitude of their country.

[A. ENGELMANN,

Colonel Forty-third Illinois Vols., Commanding Brigade.]

[Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Third Division, April 1-30.*

April 1.-The brigade left Arkadelphia and arrived same day at Hollywood; distance about 14 miles. Marched from there to Okolona, near the Little Missouri River, about 18 miles, where the brigade was engaged by the enemy. Here the Fortieth Iowa had 2 men wounded, the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin 4 men killed, and the Forty-third Illinois 1 man wounded.

April 3.-In the evening the brigade marched back to Hollywood. Arrived there April 4 at 3 p. m.

April 5.-At 10 a. m. the brigade left Hollywood to join the main army. Arrived on the Little Missouri. Crossed the river on the 6th instant, and joined the main army near Elin's Ferry.

---------------

*From return for April.

---------------

