
April 10.-The brigade left camp near Elin's Ferry to Prairie D'Ane, where it participated in the skirmish that resulted in the retreat of the enemy. Here the Fortieth Iowa had 1 man killed, 4 men wounded; the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin 1 man killed; the Forty-third Illinois 1 man wounded. Left at noon the opening of the prairie, marched across it, and arrival at 6 p. m. in camp near Moscow, on the Camden road; after one night and two days' march arrived at Camden.

April 27.-At 10 a. m. started for Little Rock.

April 30.-The brigade took part in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry. Here the Fortieth Iowa had 6 men killed, 1 officer and 33 men wounded, 4 men prisoners, and 1 missing; the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin, 5 men killed, 1 officer and 13 men wounded, 14 men missing; the Forty-third Illinois, 3 men killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, 1 man missing. Crossed the Saline and encamped for the night on this side. Arrived at Little Rock May 3. Total loss during the expedition was, killed, 20; wounded, 68; missing, 16.

Numbers 20. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Adolph Dengler, Forty-third Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFY.,Elin's Ferry, Ark., April 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the part taken by the Forty-third Illinois in a skirmish at Okolona, Ark.: the regiment had just arrived at its camping-ground on the afternoon of the 2nd April, when immediately thereafter some shots were fired at Vaughn's battery. The regiment was deployed to the right of the battery, and Company K, as well as Companies E and G, supported by Company H, as reserve, were deployed as skirmishers. Company K had advanced some 600 yards when it fell in with the enemy's skirmishers. A brisk fire was kept up by this company for some time. Company B was then sent forward to support this company, but the enemy had meanwhile withdrawn; Company E, G, and H were then also recalled, and the position in front and on the flanks of the regiment strongly picketed. At about noon of the 3rd April the pickets of the Forty-third were fired at; Captain Shimminger with his company (B) was then sent forward; the captain, on arriving with his company at the picket-line, deployed his company as skirmishers, and after having gained the brow of a hill, opened a well-directed fire on the flanks of the enemy, which was kept up by this company for about two hours, when the enemy was forced to leave his position. Several attempts had been made by the enemy to outflank Captain Shimminger on the right. Company D, stationed ont he right of Company B, baffled all attempts of the enemy.

No casualties occurred in the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADOLPH DENGLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. E. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

