HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD ILLINOIS VOL., INFANTRY,Camden, Ark., April 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Forty-third Illinois in the skirmishers of the 10th, 11th, and 12th of April: On the afternoon of the 10th, after having arrived on the edge of Prairie D'Ane, I deployed, according to instructions, Company B as skirmishers, covering the front and left flank of the battalion. This company soon opened a brisk fire on the skirmishers of the enemy, when after the lapse of half an hour I received orders to advance with the regiment on the hill just in front of it and about a half of a mile in advance. I deployed three more companies as skirmishers, and advanced with the other five as a reserve, at first but slowly, the woods and a creek preventing me from advancing quicker; but having crossed the creek I went in double-quick up the hill, the rebel skirmishers retreating rapidly. Shortly after I received orders to protect Vaughn's battery, which was placed to my right, and soon commenced playing on the enemy's battery. While in this position Private G. Neun, Company D, was hit by a shell from the enemy's battery. The force of the enemy who had been drawn up in line of battle on the crest of a hill having withdrawn, I received orders to advance and occupy the hill. I deployed Companies A and F as skirmishers. These companies having arrived on the hill had a brisk skirmish with the enemy, who was, however, successfully driven back, my skirmishers following him some distance. The regiment camped on the hill during the night, exposed for a considerable length of time to the fire of the enemy's artillery. Several attempts were made to drive the pickets from my regiment in, who stood, however, their ground well, not yielding an inch. During the reconnaissance on April 11 the regiment formed part of a second line. We occupied during this night the same position as the night before. Ont he 12th, the regiment was on the extreme left of the infantry line, the cavalry being on its left flank. Company A was again deployed as skirmishers. The advance of the whole line was but slow, only the skirmishers exchanging shots with the enemy. Toward noon we arrived near the fortifications erected and deserted by the enemy, where we rested some time, and then took up the line of march toward Camden, at which place we arrived on the 15th. The only casualty happening was to G. Neun, Company D, slightly hit by a shell. Officers and men have done their duty promptly, have stood the severe hardships cheerfully, and sustained in every respect the good reputation of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADOLPH DENGLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. E. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFY.,Little Rock, Ark., May 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of the operations of the Forty-third Illinois from April 26 to April 30: At midnight of the 26th-27th, the regiment left Camden and crossed the

