
Shortly after my return to camp Serft. Andreas Herrera, of Company C, whom I sent out with 50 men the previous night, returned bringing in 2 women and 2 children prisoners, and 130 sheep, and goats, and having killed 11 Indians. As I expected, at daylight he discovered a fresh trail, and following it rapidly he overtook the Indians as they were about to enter the canon, when he immediately attacked them, with the exult as above stated. This is the second occasion which I have had to record my sense of the energy and ability displayed by the sergeant in the successful carrying out of my orders, and I respectfully recommend him to the favorable notice of the general, commanding. On the morning of the 13th I sent out two commands to operate on each side of the canon, with tree day's rations in haversacks. The first, consisting of Companies B and G, first Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, under command of Captain A. B Carey, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, on the south, and the second composed of Companies C and D under command of Captain Joseph Berney First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, on the north side. I accompanied the former parry, being very anxious about the safety of Captain Pfeiffer's command, whom I had sent from Fort Canby to operate from the east opening, and wishing to gain a knowledge of the topography of the canon with a view to operations within it. This day I discovered the place where Sergeant Herrera had the fight the day previous. Found 11 dead bodies and 5 wounded 2 (mortally). The other 3, though badly wounded, owing to the skill and care bestowed upon them by Dr. Shout, will no doubt recover. On the 14th, the command continued its march to a point whence the view up the canon was unobstructed to near its eastern outlet, and being unable to discover any signs of Captain Pfeiffer's command, or any fresh sign of Indians, and there being no grass for the animals of my escort, I determined to return. I also satisfied myself of the feasibility of flanking the south side of the canon from west to east without much trouble, there being no intersecting canons of any extent.

On my return to the main camp on the evening of this day I found, to my great surprise and satisfaction, Captain Pfeiffer and his party in camp, having accomplished an undertaking never before accomplished in war time-that of passing through the Canon de Chelle from east to west, and this without having had a single casualty in his command. He killed 3 Indians (2 men) and brought in 19 prisoners, women and children. He found 2 bodies of Indians frozen to death in the canon. I respectfully inclose his report (marked A),which is very interesting. While en route on my return to camp I was joined by 3 Indians with a flag of truce, requesting permission to come in with their people a submit. I told them through my interpreter that they and their people might come unmolested to my camp up to 10 a. m. next day, but after that time, if they did not come, my soldiers would hunt them up and the work of destruction recommence. Accordingly, next morning before the time appointed, 60 Indians arrived. They had made known to them the intentions of the Government in regard to them, and expressed their willingness to emigrate to the Bosque Redondo. They declare that owing to the operations of my command they are in a complete state of starvation, and that many of their women, and children have already died from this cause. They also state that they would have come in long since, but that it was a war of extermination, and that they were agreeably surprised and delighted to learn the contrary were agreeably surprised and delighted to learn the contrary from an old captive whom I had sent back to

