
ponton over the Ouachita. Some companies were here deployed and covered the withdrawal of the rear and the removal of the pontoon bridge. Nothing occurred during this day on the march. On the 28th, Princeton was reached. The next day we marched toward the Saline. When about 8 miles from Princeton the rear was attacked, and the regiment formed in line. Company F was deployed as skirmishers, and Company B was left as a support to a section of Vaughn's battery, while I moved on with the rest of the regiment. We marched then till within about 3 miles of the Saline, where I was ordered to occupy with the regiment and one section of Vaughn's battery a ridge, the last part of high ground before the road enterers Saline bottom. Soon the enemy's skirmishers made their appearance; the regiment was formed behind the crest of the ridge, the First Battalion to the right, the Second to the left of the section of artillery. From each company a few men as skirmishers were sent forward, and soon a brisk fire commenced and continued until dark, when I was relieved by the Thirty-third Iowa. I withdrew the regiment from its position, and rested in the rear of the Thirty-third Iowa. About 3 a. m. I received orders to report with the regiment at brigade headquarters, then 1 mile on the road to the Saline. The men had marched the previous day without any rations, having been lying during the night in an exposed position, without sleeping an hour, and although a general engagement could every moment be expected to commence, it was necessary to allow the men to cook whatever they might have. Thus in the rear of the line of General Rice's brigade preparations for cooking were made, while the rattling of musketry at some distance made it doubtless that the enemy had commenced the attack. The Forty-third was ordered to form and to cross a deep creek with high steep banks, which runs in the [direction] of the position occupied by the right wing of First Brigade. When this movement was executed the engagement had become general over the whole line; the enemy, massing has forces, tried in succession every part of the line of our division.

Owing to the nature of the ground movements in force on the north side of the creek, then after forming on the open field we marched forward to take our position in the second line of battle between the Fiftieth Indiana and Fortieth Iowa. Halting there for some time, it appears that the right wing First Brigade was hard pressed, and Captain Blocki, assistant adjutant-general, brought me orders from General to relieve in that position the Ninth Wisconsin; but before I had marched many steps in the direction of the right wing the enemy appeared in great force on the left and in front of us, and I was ordered to remain., Right in front of the Forty-third Illinois stood the Thirty-third Iowa in the first line of battle, pouring volley after volley in the thick masses of the enemy, when an officer of this regiment informed me that their ammunition was near expended. I moved forward to relieve them.

After firing had, without intervals, lasted for half an hour the smoke became so dense, waving like a thick mass between the dark tree soever the swampy ground, that it was impossible to see anything else at a distance of 20 yards, and although not authorized to change the position of the regiment, followed under these circumstanced the demand to move forward, loudly expressed by officers and men, and with a hearty cheer the Forty-third rushed forward through the smoke over the ground yet lately occupied by the enemy's

