
solid column, now covered in may places by his dead and wounded. We advanced several hundred yards, sometimes halting and firing. Soon we found that the enemy had entirely withdrawn. We marched back to reoccupy our former position in the main line of battle, when Colonel Engelmann ordered me to move farther on in the direction of the river. Soon after we crossed the Saline and encamped on the high ground north of the river.

On the march as well as during the fight all officers and men of the regiment conducted themselves in an exemplary manner, and proved themselves worthy the reputation earned on other fields and worthy to be part of the infantry division, Seventh Army Corps. I owe my thanks, therefore, to all, but especially to Captain Shimminger, for the energetic manner in which he assisted me as second field officer, and to Adjt. Gustav Wagenfuehr, for gallantry and promptness with which he performed all duties of his position.*

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

ADOLPH DENGLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Forty-third Regiment Illinois Vols.

Captain W. E. FAY,

Acting. Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Little Rock, Ark., June---, 1864.

COLONEL: The regiment, Lieutenant Colonel Adolph Dengler commanding, was assigned March 13 to Third Brigade, Third Division, Red River expedition, Colonel Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois, commanding brigade, Brigadier General F. Salomon the division left Little Rock March 23. The country through which we passed was well watered, but of the most rugged character. The farms, few and far between, were either deserted or totally neglected. The many streams which we had to cross impeded the progress of the expedition considerable. The pontoon bridge had to be laid for the crossing of the Ouachita at Rockport, which place is very appropriately named, for here are rocks in piles, in crag, in all shapes and of all sizes, and the Ouachita, crystal clear, rolls bouncing in his rocky bed. We arrived at Arkadelphia on the 29th, having marched since the 23rd but 75 miles. So far but very little resistance had been made by the enemy. Even Arkadelphia had been evacuated without offering any resistance. Here had been their principal army depots; here was a powder mill, different machine-shops, and the valuable saltpeter and salt works, from which a great apart of Arkansas was drawing this indispensable article. Arkadelphia is situated high on a bluff on the Ouachita River. Everything in and around this place indicated its former prosperity, the fine residences a little dilapidated and neglected, perhaps, but still bearing signs of better times; its extensive trade, both by river and land, for the steamboats run on the Ouachita up to this place during two-thirds of the year, and it was also the great thoroughfare to Texas. The sterile lands and deserted farms which we had met thus far on our march gave way to a fertile country and cultivated lands; the marks of

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 1 officer and 11 men wounded, and 1 man missing during the campaign.

---------------

