
an oasis lies this beautiful prairie in midst of dense forests and almost impassable swamps, a relief for the eye of the traveler, who has for many days hardly seen anything but rocks crowned by dark pines or the gloomy cypress swamp. The prairie, elevated above the surrounding country, rises gradually toward its center. A ridge running along the northern edge, slightly covered with brush, was occupied by a strong force of the enemy's sharpshooters, who kept up an annoying fire on our lines, they being well protected by the crest of the eminence and the low bushes, while we were standing low and without cover. Company B was deployed as skirmishers and soon were engaged, when I received orders to advance with the Forty-third and to drive the enemy from his position. The hearty cheer with which the men received the order to charge demonstrated how well the order corresponded with their heart's desire. In double-quick the regiment rushed forward, not stopping till the height was won, from which the rebels in haste fell back upon their main force. This we saw now half a mile farther south drawn up in a long line along the crest of another and somewhat higher ridge. I was ordered to halt, and soon the other regiments moved up and formed on our right and left. Now the enemy's battery opened and our artillery, especially Captain Vaughn's battery, replied promptly and with telling effect. For half an hour the artillery kept up a brisk fire, then a general advance was ordered, but as soon as our forces commenced ascending the slope of the hitherto contested ridge the enemy's lines began to waver. The Federal regiments vied with each other to reach the height, and again the Forty-third had the honor to pass first over the position just now deserted by the enemy, who, under cover of the twilight, hastily retreated in a southwestern direction toward that part of the prairie where the main road to Washington and Fulton on the Red River enters the wood. Night had already come when our line was formed in the new position, and there we rested on our arms.

At 8.30 the enemy planted two pieces of artillery behind the brow of the nearest ridge, half a mile distant and running parallel with the one occupied by us, and of about an hour a lively exchange of shells took place between the enemy and Vaughn's battery. Although our opponent's shells were thrown with great precision and explode over and around us, I am happy to say that we had no wounded in the regiment. Gallant Lieutenant Thomas, of Vaughn's battery, was stunned for some time by a concussion from fragments of a shell exploding over his head. Toward midnight rebel cavalry, who had formed behind a grove of cottonwood trees, dashed suddenly with great gallantry over the prairie toward Vaughn's battery, attempting to capture the pieces, but they met with a hot reception and a bloody repulse. With the early daylight skirmishing commenced again. In the evening a reconnaissance witht he whole army took place. The artillery exchanged few shots witht he enemy, who was found strongly entrenched at the southwestern edge of the prairie, near Folk's plantation. During the night to the 12th of April we lay in the same position as the previous night. On the morning of the 12th, anxious to meet the rebels in their works, our army moved forward, keeping more in the direction toward the left of the line of fortifications. Now and then skirmishers became engaged, but when we came in sight of their rifle-pits, which extended for over 1 1/2 miles along the highest ridge, just on the skirt of the forest, the enemy's skirmishers disappeared. Now our army as-

