
eral Smith. Besides some prisoners we also captured 3 cannons, 2 of which were captured by the Second Kansas, African descent. Not a cannon shot was fired from our side during the battle. On the 1st, many wagons not absolutely necessary were destroyed, as the roads continued still impassable. The cannons had often to be pulled through the mire by the men, but not one was lost on the retreat, land on the 3rd of May the infantry reached Little Rock again. The men had gone through privations and hardships of the severest kind, but had borne them cheerfully and with a never-wavering courage. I will here give but one item. The Forty-third Illinois had present at Camden on the 26th April 428 enlisted men, for whom on that day the following provisions were drawn: For April 27, 28, 29, and 30, coffee, three-fourths rations; salt, full rations; sugar, full rations; bacon, one-fourth rations; pilot bread, 129 pounds, and 5 bushels corn meal. And for May 1 and 2, the following: One hundred pounds of coffee and 65 pounds of bacon.

On the march as well during the fight all officers and men of the regiment have conducted themselves inn exemplary manner, and proved themselves worthy of the reputation earned on other fields and worthy to be apart of the Infantry Division, Seventh Army Corps. I owe my thanks, therefore, to all, but especially to Captain Samuel Shimminger, for the energetic manner in which he assisted me as second field officer, and to Adjt. Gustav Wagenfuehr, for gallantry and promptness with which he performed all duties of his position.

I would here be leave to respectfully remark that the mayorship is amend vacant by the resignation of Charles Stephanie, and would earnestly recommend to you Captain Samuel Shimminger for this position; for this gentleman not only is senior line officer and therefore the first claimant by seniority, but his other qualities are such as to merit for him this position as a slight acknowledgment and reward for past services.

I have the honor to transmit you herewith a list of the casualties* of the Forty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers during the expedition; as also a map+ showing the route pursued by our army, under the command of Major General F. Steele, from March 23 till May 3, 1864.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADOLPH DENGLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-third Illinois.

Colonel ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General of Illinois.

Numbers 21. Reports of Colonel John A. Garrett, Fortieth Iowa Infantry, of skirmish at Okolona, skirmish at Prairie D'Ane, and engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HDQRS. FORTIETH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Elkin's Ferry, Little Missouri River, April 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the skirmish with the enemy at Okolona on the 3rd instant: At 9 a. m., at

---------------

*See foot-note, p. 731.

---------------

+Not found.

47 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

