
the brigade was about ready to start back to Spoonville, a sharp fire was opened on our picket-line. My regiment was ordered into line by direction of Colonel engelmann, commanding brigade. I sent out a company of skirmishers. Captain F. T. Campbell, of Company B, immediately moved with his company, and deployed them in the woods to the right. Advancing a short distance they met the enemy in the brush and behind logs, and by a few well-directed shots drove them back, following cautiously and firing as opportunity offered. About noon the enemy made a strong effort to advance and compelled a rather unfavorable position. The enemy poured upon our lines a heavy fire at this time, and Private Samuel S. Roberts, Company B, was wounded-whit in the left side, ball passing through and lodging in his knapsack. Captain Campbell now took up his reserve, strengthened his line, and formed a new reserve from Company I, on picket duty. He now advanced, and drove the enemy back again. The firing continued until after 2 p. m., when the enemy retired. Companies A, F, D, and I of my regiment were on picket, and took part more or less in the engagement during the day. Company B, and the companies on picket, of my regiment, fired some 250 rounds, with what result is not know, but the enemy was driven back, it is thought with the loss of several men and horses. Robert's wounded, though severe, I think is not dangerous. He was brought in and attended to at once by Surg. N. R. Cornell, of this regiment. Officers and men did credit to themselves by their coolness and determination. On the night of the same day Sergt. David A. Tanner, of Company C, in the extreme advance of the brigade ont eh march to Spoonville, was fired at and wounded in the calf of the leg by a rifle or musket shot. Several shots were fired at him. The wound, though painful, is not dangerous, and is an honorable mark of his daring, his coolness, and his devotion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. GARRETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM E. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FORTIETH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Camded, Ark., April 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fortieth Iowa in the engagement of Prairie D'Ane, on Sunday, the 10th instant: About 3 p. m. the Third Brigade, Colonel Engelmann commanding, came in full view of the enemy's skirmishers, deployed in the undergrowth and among the scattering trees in the edge of the prairie. By direction of Colonel Engelmann, I immediately formed line of the right of Captain Vaughn's (Third Illinois) battery, and threw out companies A and F to the front and right as skirmishers, under command of First Lieutenants Anderson, of A, and Kennedy, of F. Company A was deployed. They at once passed through and beyond, relieving a line of dismounted cavalry which had been previously deployed, and were soon engaged witht he enemy. I now received an order from Colonel Engelmann to advance my line, a part deployed. By direction, Major Smith moved

