
forward the left wing as skirmishers, each company having its own reserve, Captain Campbell commanding Company B; Captain Senet, Company E; First Lieutenant Amons, Company H; First Lieutenant Christie, Company K, and First Sergeant Baiard, Company G. The major was directed to connect with Companies A and F if practicable. He moved at once, effected the junction, and continued to advance, joining the skirmishers of the Forty-third Illinois on the left. I moved forward the other companies in line to act as a reserve, or to be thrown forward, as the case might demand. Having advanced a short distance, I received an order to push forward and take the high ground, which the enemy's skirmishers now held. I now moved rapidly down a gentle slope through the timber, pushing up the company reserve of the advance, closely followed by the companies in lined, and, having crossed a little branch, came to more open and ascending ground. At this time Major Smith ordered the skirmishers on the double-quick, and up they went with a rush and a shout, and took the enemy's position. The firing was so warm and so close that the enemy gave way and fled to their line of battle, about three-quarters of a mile in rear of their skirmish line, which my regiment now occupied in one line, having advanced about half a mile. The high ground gained, a halt was made, and in a few moments the enemy opened a sharp fire of shot and shell with a fine range on my regiment and directly on our flag. Captain Vaughn's battery moved up through my line and opened fire on the enemy. The firing on both sides was ow lively, the enemy's bearing directly on my regiment. After a few shots the range was changed, and after an hour's fight the enemy fell back. A second advance was now ordered. I directed Major Smith to throw forward Companies A, H, and D as skirmishers, D under First Lieutenant Edmundson, which he did at once, connecting with a company of the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin on the left. On the right of the Twenty-seventh I advanced my regiment in line over the prairie down a gentle slope, crossed a little stream skirted with timber, and again struck rising ground, when the enemy opened fire again, which our skirmishers returned, continuing to advance. At dusk the brigade, having gained the crest of the rise on which the enemy was in line during the artillery fight, was halted for the night. My skirmishers were withdrawn, pickets thrown out, and Company I sent out on the right to connect with the cavalry force. We lay on our arms, the enemy keep in up the fire with musketry, shot, and shell at intervals. At one time, near midnight, they pressed us so closely that a part of my pickets were driven in, when a few shots from my regiment and the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin, and a volley from Captain Vaughn's battery, sent them off for the night. The casualties (all wounded) were as follows: In the line of skirmishers, first advance, Private Anthonus J. Butin, Company E, flesh wound severe, during the night; First. Lieutenant Caleb J. Amos, Company H, in the calf of the leg, slight; Private Joseph S. Stone, Company F, in thigh, severe; Corpl. John J. Wade, Company I, in the right arm, amputated, and since dead; Private Jesse L. Anderson, Company I, in thigh, severe. In addition, Second Lieutenant James W. Ward, Company I, and Private John Klinker, Company B, were struck with spent balls and bruised, though not injured. The following persons were missing: John H. Lappella, Company E, in action 12 miles west of Camden on the 18th of April, with forage train; Charles Johnson, Company H, in action 12 miles west of Camden, on the 18th of April, with

