
them for this purpose. I issued them some meat, and as they asked permission to return to their haunts and collect the remainder of their people, I directed them to meet me at this post in days. They have all arrived here according to promise, many of them with others joining and traveling in with Captain Carey's command. This command of 75 men I conferred upon Captain Carey at his own request, he being desirous of passing through this stupendous canon. I sent the party to return through the canon from west to east, that all the peach orchards, of which there were many, might be destroyed, as well as the dwellings of the Indians. I sent a competent person with the command to make some sketches of the canon, which with a written description of it by Captain Carey in the shape of a report (marked B), I respectfully inclose. This evening (15th) Captain Berney returned with his command, having accomplished the object of his scout with his usual energy and ability. His party surprised and killed 2 Indians and captured 4.

Having now accomplished all that was possible in this vicinity I determined to return to Fort Canby for the purpose of being present to receive the Indians as they arrived and to take measures to send out expeditions in other directions, as I feel certain that now is the time to prosecute the campaign with vigor and effect the speedy removal of all the Indians north and west of Little Red River. On my first return to camp I was visited by 4 warriors, who stated that they came from the vicinity of Juanico Mountains; that they had great fears of being killed on approaching our camp, but that their necessities overcame their fears. They say that many rich Indians would come in, but were afraid. He who appeared to be the most intelligent I furnished with provisions as evidence of having been in my camp and he willingly agreed to go to these Indians an assure them of the protection of the troops, providing they came in with the bona-fide intention of emigrating. At this camp I left, the captives with tree companies and the ox train under Major Sena, and pushed ahead myself with two companies and the mule train. I directed Major Sena to remain four whole days at the Pueblo colorado to recuperate his animals. He has not yet arrive. I arrived at this post on the 21st instant, after an absence of sixteen days. I found on my arrival about 110 Indians who accompanied Captain Carey's command. Since then several parties have arrived until the number nowdrawing rations is 170. This does not include small children. I have been anxiously looking for a train which should it not arrive by Tuesday I shall send these Indians by the transportation the post.

In summing up the immediate results of my operations on this expedition, I find the following: Killed,23; prisoners, 34; voluntarily surrendered,200 souls; captured, 200 head of sheep. In addition, we have thoroughly explored their heretofore unknown stronghold, and Canon de Chelle has ceased to be a mystery. But it is the ulterior effects of the expedition that I look for the greatest results. We have shown the Indians that in no place, however formidable or inaccessible in their opinion, are they safe from the pursuit of the troops of this command, and have convinced a large portion of them that the struggle on their part is a hopeless one. We have also demonstrated that the intentions of the Government toward them are eminently humane, and dictated by an earnest desire to promote their welfare, that the principle s not to destroy, but to save them, if they are disposed to be saved. When all this is

