
forage train; Second Lieutenant James W. Ward, Company I, in action at Moro Creek, with train on detail to Little Rock, April 25. The regiment, officers and men, behaved well-I might say splendidly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. GARRETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM E. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FORTIETH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Little Rock, Ark., May 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry on Saturday, the 30th of April, 1864: On the march on the 29th, my regiment was in the rear and was exposed to the fire of the enemy for miles before reaching camp; after which time, besides the usual picket detail, four of my companies were deployed as skirmishers and were engaged at intervals with the enemy till dark, and during the entire night the most vigilant watch was kept by every officer and man of these companies. At daylight we were relieved by the Thirty-third Iowa, Colonel Mackey, when I moved my regiment forward a mile and halted in the edge of an open field, facing our late rear, my right resting on the road. About 7 o'clock firing commenced, and steadily grew warmer and came closer, till it became evident the enemy was advancing in force, determined to give battle. At 8 o'clock, by direction of Colonel Engelmann, commanding brigade, I threw out Companies B and F, under Captain Campbell, to the left and front as skirmishers. They moved into the woods some distance to watch, and, if necessary, engage the enemy. By direction I now moved my regiment forward to within a short distance of the advance line, now engaged with the enemy, my right resting on the road. In a few minutes, as directed, Major Smith with the four right companies crossed the road, leaving Companies A and D, under Lieutenant Anderson, to support a section of Captain Vaughn's battery occupying the road. The major moved Companies C and I across a narrow, deep stream, passed over an open field and deployed them in the woods, to observe and, if opportunity offered, engaged the left flank of the enemy. Colonel Engelmann now directed me to move to the left and front with my four companies, H, E, K, and G, and form on the left of our forces now engaged, as they were hard pressed. As the most expeditious, I moved by the left flank. At this time so great a number from our engaged line were retreating in disorder and haste it looked almost like a panic. On nearing the left of the line, a force as large the left of this retiring force had rested I filed to the left, then moved to the front till a little in advance of the line on the right, halted and opened fire. While getting in position the fire of the enemy was pouring on my little command, and now we were not only on the extreme left, but some distance from the left of the line on the right. In a short time I moved my companies forward and to the right, joining some companies of the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin, which also advanced, and of which the officers and men were doing their whole duty. The line now advanced, making short halts, then mov-

