
ing forward. After advancing a short distance we began to pass over the enemy's dead, and my men moved right on with a shout, pouring in a well-directed fire on the retreating enemy. The line having advanced a half mile or more, the fire of the enemy ceased and a halt was called. About this time the Twelfth Kansas came up on my left. My men, out of cartridges, now resupplied themselves from boxes brought on horseback, which they opened with their bayonets.

The colonel of the Twelfth Kansas having been wounded, the captain commanding, fearing a flank movement on his left, fell back some 200 yards. After half an hour's lull, the enemy, with heavy re-enforcements, moved up in close range and opened fire again. Our whole line now became engaged, and the firing on both sides was heavy; some say terrific. My little command was under cross fire, receiving, I think, the concentrated fire of two regiments which, having moved up by the flanks, met and formed directly in my front. My men were falling fast, but held their ground, not yielding an inch. I sent for the Twelfth Kansas to come up on my left; it moved, but halted 50 yards short of the line and opened fire. I went back and moved it up in line, when it poured a splendid volley right into the ranks of the enemy, and thus relieving in part my command from the terrible fire which was wasting it so fast. This last engagement lasted about an hour, till 12.30 o'clock, when the enemy fell back, then withdrew, leaving our little army the field-the victors.

I lost, out of less than 100 men, 6 killed, 34 wounded (some mortally, many severely), 4 captured, and 1 missing, a full list of which has been reported.

In common with officers and men I regretted that all my companies could not go into the engagement together. I may here state that my men had drawn no bread for five days; that they had a coffee supper on the night of the 29th; a coffee breakfast, a part getting a little meat, on the morning of the battle; that it rained almost a flood during the night of the 29th and morning of the 30th; that the battle was fought in Saline Bottom, covered by a heavy forest; and that mud an mire and sheets of water were every-where. My men fired from 60 to 100 rounds each. N. R. Cornell, my surgeon, did all in his power to care for the wounded. Lieutenant Baird was wounded, while fearlessly doing his duty in the hottest of the fight. My color-bearer, MOrtimer W. Nelson, as brave a man as ever bore a flag, was shot in the shoulder and fell. Out of four, two color guards, Corporals Davis and Bare, fell severely wounded, and I regret to say Davis was left on the field. Lieutenant Amos commanded Company H; Captain Sennet, Company E, Lieutenant Christie, Company K, and Captain Jordan, Company G. Officers and men fought with the cool determination of veterans, and with the desperate valor of men appreciating that all was at stake on the result. One noble sergeant, Simmons, of Company H, shot in the breast, when his lieutenant told him the enemy was beaten, waved his hand and died with a smile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. GARRETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM E. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

