
Numbers 22. Report of Colonel Conrad Krez, Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry, of skirmish at Okolona.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY,Camp near Elin's Ferry, Ark., April 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, when, on the 3rd of April, 1864, in camp at Okolona, the picket-line was attacked by the enemy, two of my companies were on picket, and seven were detached and stationed at different points to support the line, by the order of the colonel commanding brigade, leaving one company in camp. At about 11 a. m. I was ordered to collect the companies and to clear the woods for about 2 miles, if possible. When I had collected three, besides the company in reserve in camp, I marched them deployed in line along the foot of the hill on which we were encamped, where I discovered the enemy to the left, where I supposed the rest of my companies stationed between me and them, and commanding part of the road. The pickets here had fallen back for cover to the other side of the road. I ordered a forward movement. We cleared the rise of the ground, which was covered with an almost impenetrable thicket of hawthorn. The enemy fell back to the other side of a clearing on high ground, and the ravine dividing that clearing from another hill running parallel with the road, where they maintained a heavy fire immediately in front of the three companies deployed by me, and at that time opened with artillery and threw grape and canister to the right of Company G. The enemy was well covered by large timber at the edge of the open fields on the right and left, which we cold not cross without heavy loss of life. On the right we had the support of a squad of the Fortieth Iowa Volunteers, of 15 men and 2 sergeants, who fought with the companies on the right. Company G, leaving 2 dead on the field, was compelled to fall back, and in order to prevent the other two companies from being outflanked I ordered them to retreat far enough to re-establish the line on the rise of the ground, where we first met the enemy's fire. A comparatively strong force of the enemy was at the same time observed moving to the extreme left of my line. On sending word to the colonel commanding, two companies of the Seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteers came to the support of my left. A heavy thunder-storm broke out and interrupted further operations. After that I was enabled to ascertain the position of my companies to the line so to move as to outflank them, an as soon as the general movement of my whole line began, the enemy withdrew, firing four or five stray shots from the bottom of the ravine. Between 2 and 3 o'clock in the afternoon the woods were cleared of the enemy, according to order. I lost 3 killed-Private Safra Vilett, of Company A; William Anding and Patrick Knox, of Company G-on the field, whom we buried at Okolona, and 3 wounded, 1 private, Cassander Knowles, of Company K, who has since died; 1 private, Christian Gunderson, of Company H, severely, and 1 private, thorn Olsen, slightly.

Respectfully, yours,

CONRAD KREZ,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infy.

Captain WILLIAM E. FAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

