
Numbers 26. Report of Lieutenant Edward Ross, Second Kansas Cavalry, of engagement at Poison Spring.

CAMP SECOND KANSAS CAVALRY,

In the Field, April 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from brigade headquarters (Third Brigade, Frontier Division), I reported to you on the 18th instant, with a detachment of 45 men from Second Kansas Cavalry, which was engaged in the action of the 18th instant. The loss from my detachment is as follows, viz:*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

EDWARD ROSS,

Lieutenant Company I, Second Kansas Cav., Commanding Detach.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

Seventy-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Richard L. Philips, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, of engagement at Poison Spring.

CAMP OF SIXTH KANSAS, April 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report: On the 17th of April, 1864, I was detailed, with 25 men belonging to different companies of the Sixth Regiment Kansas Cavalry, for the purpose of re-enforcing Colonel Williams. My men were in the advance of the force sent out and were continually skirmishing with the enemy after leaving our pickets until gong into camp for the night. We saw at no time more than 50 of the enemy. We went into camp about 10 miles from Camden. Sent to Colonel Williams to know if we should advance. He said for us to remain. During the night our camp was not disturbed. The following morning moved 2 miles farther and remained until the train had passed, when Colonel Williams detailed 20 of my men to go 2 miles on the Washington road as escort to ten wagons for the purpose of getting corn. While on this duty the fight commenced. I then had the rest of my men go into the timber at the right of the road as skirmishers in rear of the train. They soon came back and reported a regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery immediately in front of them. Our cavalry then formed on the right of the Eighteenth Iowa Regiment and remained until the colored regiment and section of Rabb's battery had been routed and had fallen back to the rear of the train.

I then was ordered by Colonel Williams to form what men I had and assist his men that were wounded to get away, if possible, during which time my men acted as well as men could act under the circumstances; for the enemy were following the negroes and pouring a heavy fire into their ranks until sheltered by the timber. I remained with Colonel Williams and his men until we arrived at Camden. I

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men wounded and 6 men missing.

---------------

