
understood by the Navajoes generally, as it soon will be, and when they become convinced that destruction will followed on resistance, they will gladly avail themselves of the opportunities afforded them of peace and plenty, under the fostering care of the Government, as do all those now, with whom I have had any means of communication. They are arriving almost hourly, and will, I believe, continue to arrive until the last Indian in this selection of the country is en route to the Bosque Redondo. The benefits to the Government and the Territory of this wise policy introduced by the general commanding with regard to those Indians cannot be too highly estimated. It has been repeatedly demonstrated that any treaties heretofore made with those people, so long as they were permitted to remain in their country, were entirely disregarded so soon as the force applied to them was removed, and both by inclination and from want they recommenced to murder and rob the citizens. The policy of placing them or reservations changes all this. The force will still bear upon them, but without oppressing them, and their wants will be supplied until such time as by their industry they are able to supply themselves.

In the accompanying communication from Captain A. B. Carey, chief quartermaster, marked C, you will perceive that Sergt. J. Martin Bird, of Company K, of my regiment has had a flight with a party of Navajoes at Ojo del Oso, in which was he was successful. The conduct of the sergeant is deserving praise.

To the officers and men of my command I return my thanks for the zealous and efficient manner in which they have seconded my efforts on this as well as on all former occasions. To Captain A. B. Carye, my chief quartermaster, I am greatly indebted, not only for the able and efficient by him time in the management of his department, but for valuable assistance on other occasions; as also to my chief commissary, Lieutenant F. Cook, Fifth U. S. Infantry. I am especially indebted to the zeal and intelligence of my acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Lawrence G. Murphy, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, and I particularly recommend him to the notice of the general commanding as s most efficient and energetic officer. My thanks are also due to Surg. A. F. Peck and Asst. Surg. J. H. Shout for their untiring attention to their duties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry, New Mexico Vols., Commanding

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS NAVAJO EXPEDITION,Fort Canby, N. Mex., January [23], 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival, late this evening, of Major Sena's command. He brought with him 344 Navajoes, including the 34 prisoners referred to in my report of this date. Cabara Blanco, a chief, and one of this party, assures me that Navajoes from various points, to the number of over 1,000 are en route to this post to emigrate. I have now over 500 Navajoes at this post, but shall have them en route to Santa Fe in two days at

