
Numbers 29. Report of Lieutenant Josephus Utt, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, of engagement at Poison Spring.

CAMDEN, ARK., April 20, 1864.

SIR: In answer to circular dated April 19, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following as my report: First. Josephus Utt, first lieutenant, K Company, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, commanding detachment comprised of details from Squadrons A, C, E, H, I, and K-mounted, 50; dismounted, 20; total, 70. On the morning of the 18th instant, First Lieutenant Smith, Company C, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, reported to the escort with 20 mounted men; total, 90 men and 2 commissioned officers of the Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. Second. Missing since the engagement on the 18th instant.* Third. The conduct of the officers and men was good under the trying circumstances, being outnumbered eight or nine to one, and entirely surrounded, none being daunted; continued fighting with the most daring heroism, determined not to surrender, preferring death. After the right and left wings were broken and driven in and almost entirely surrounded, a galling cross-fire broke the columns and it was impossible to form another line at the rear of the train. Many heroic efforts were made by the officers and men, though the result was so evident to all. A line was partly formed where the charging columns of the enemy were so numerous and their fire so destructive that it was again abandoned. The entire train being surrounded, and almost the entire command hemmed in, nothing but surrender or retreat was left. All preferring death to surrender, all was lost and retreat in the best possible manner was the only recourse left.

All of which is respectfully submitted, by your very humble servant,

JOSEPHUS UTT,

First Lieutenant Co. K. K, 14th Kans. Vol. Cav., Commanding Detach.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Detachment.

Numbers 30. Report of Captain William M. Duncan, Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Poison Spring.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY,Camden, Ark., April 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to furnish you herewith a list as far as known of the killed, wounded, and missing of the Eighteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry; also a statement of our position and movements during the engagement. I had in the engagement 12 commissioned officers and 371 enlisted men. We first formed a line in the road with the howitzer on our left. Soon after a heavy column of infantry was discovered moving on our right flank. We then changed front and formed in the orchard on the south side of the the road, throw-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 9 men.

---------------

