
ing out two companies as skirmishers-one in our front and one on our right. We here were attacked in front and on the right flank. We held this position until the Second Indiana Battery came back in retreat, when I was ordered to form on the north side of the road to protect the battery. Here we held our position, under a heavy fire from the front and left flank, until a portion of the battery had passed into the woods in our rear, when we were ordered to fall back through an open field to the woods. I formed here and half the position for about twenty minutes, under galling fire from the front and right and left flanks from both infantry and cavalry. I should estimate their number at from 5,000 to 6,000. From this position we moved slowly back, forming seven different times in the space of one and one-half hours. We succeeded in checking the enemy in our front, but being attacked on both flanks and in our rear we retreated in good order toward town. I am unable to give the number of killed or wounded, as I have not yet been able to get any account from the battle-field. There are a large number on the field known to be killed and wounded, but I cannot yet ascertain the names. Those that I report as wounded are wounded men who have arrived in camp since the engagement. The others are reported missing. The regiment arrived in camp at Camden about 8 o'clock on the evening of engagement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. DUNCAN,

Captain, Commanding Eighteenth Iowa Infantry.

Colonel WILLIAMS.

P. S.-Our total number of killed, wounded, and missing is 1 commissioned officer and 79 enlisted men.

W. M. D.

No. 31. Report of Major Richard G. Ward, First Kansas Colored Infantry, of engagement at Poison Spring.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST KANSAS COLORED VOLUNTEERS,Camden, Ark., April 20, 1864.

COLONEL: In conformity with the requirements of the circular issued by you, April 19, 1864, I submit the following report of the conduct of that portion of the escort which I had the honor to command, and of the part taken by them in the action of the 18th instant: I marched from the camp on White Oak Creek, with the six companies left with me as rear guard, about 7 a.m. When I arrived at the junction of the Washington road I found the Eighteenth Iowa Infantry and a detachment of cavalry waiting to relieve me as rear guard. At this moment I received your order to press forward to the front, as your advance was skirmishing with the enemy. Upon arriving, agreeably to your order, I placed one wing of this regiment on each side of the section of Rabb's battery to support it and awaited further developments. After your cavalry had ascertained the position of the enemy's force on our right flank, and Lieutenant Haines had planted one of his pieces in a favorable position, I placed Companies A, B, E, and H in position to support it.

