
We had hardly got into position here before our cavalry were forced back upon our line by an overwhelming force of the enemy. Lieutenant Henderson, commanding detachment Sixth kansas (than whom a braver officer never existed), was severely wounded, and I ordered Corporal Wallahn, Company M, Sixth Kansas, to form his men on my right. He had scarcely formed them are Lieutenant Mitchell, commanding detachment Second Kansas Cavalry, was also driven in, when he was placed upon the extreme right, under your personal supervision.

The line of battle was now nearly in the form of the segment of a circle, the convex side being outward or toward the enemy, Companies C and I being on the north side of the road facing toward the east, companies D and F on the south side of the road facing in the same direction, whilst on my extreme right the men were drawn up in line facing due south. It was now about 11.30 a.m. These dispositions were scarcely made are the enemy opened a severe and well-directed fire from a six-gun battery, at the distance of about 1,000 yards. This battery was near the road due east of our line. At the same time a howitzer battery, reported to me as having four guns, opened on the south opposite my right, at a distance of 600 or 700 yards. Although this was much the severest artillery fire that any of the men had ever before been subjected to, and many of the men were thus under fire for the first time, they were as cool as veterans and patiently awaited the onset of the enemy's infantry. Just after 12 o'clock the enemy's battery slackened their fire, and their infantry advanced to the attack. From the position of the ground it was useless to deliver a fire until their first line was within 100 yards. I therefore reserved my fire until their first line was within that distance, when I gave the order to fire. For about a quarter of an hour it seemed as though the enemy were determined to break my lines and capture the guns, but their attempts were fruitless and they were compelled to fall precipitately back, not, however, before they had disabled more than half of the gunners belonging to the gun on the right. Again they opened their infernal cross-fires with their batteries, and through the smoke I could see them massing their infantry for another attack. I immediately applied to you for more men. Companies G and K were sent me. I placed Company K upon the extreme right (where the cavalry had rested, but which had now retired), and Company G upon the left of Company B. Shortly after these dispositions were made the enemy again advanced, this time in two columns, yelling like fiends. Lieutenant Macy, of Company C, whom you had sent out with skirmishers from the left, was driven in, and I placed him with his small command between Companies G and B. At this moment yourself and Lieutenant Haines arrived on the right, and I reported to you the condition of the gun, only 2 men being left to man it, when your ordered it to the rear. Just as the boys were preparing to limber, a large body of the enemy was observed making for the gun in close column, whereupon Private Alonzo Hinshaw, of the Second Indiana Battery, himself double-loaded the piece with canister, and poured into the advancing column a parting salute at the distance of about 300 yards, and then limbered. The effect was terrific. Our infantry redoubled their fire, and again the massed columns sullenly retired. Three different time the enemy was thus repulsed, and as they were massing for the fourth charge, I informed you that I believed it would be impossible to hold my position without more men on my

