
I could see, did his duty coolly, nobly, and bravely. On the right, where the enemy made so many repeated attempts to break my line, I saw officers and men engaged in taking the cartridges from the bodies of the dead, and, upon inquiring, found that their ammunition was nearly expended. The brave and soldier-like Topping was killed in the first charge; and the gallant young Coleman, commanding Company H, was shot down in the second charge. At what particular period of the engagement the other officers fell I am unable to state. To Captain John R. Graton, Company C; Captain William H. Smallwood, Company G; Lieutenant R. L. Harris, Company I; Lieutenant B. G. Jones, Company A; Lieutenant John Overdear, Company E; Lieutenant S. S. Creps, Company F, and Adjt. William C. Gibbons, I would tender my heartfelt thanks for the faithful, efficient, and manly performance of the most arduous duties while subjected to the hottest fire. The loss in arms and clothing is quite serious, but from the exhausted state of the men it is strange that as many of them brought in their arms and accouterments as did. Out of seventy-eight hours preceding the action, sixty-three hours were spent by the entire command on duty, besides a heavy picket guard having been furnished for the remaining fifteen hours. You are also reminded that the rations were of necessity exceedingly short for more than a week previous to the battle. We were obliged to bring our wounded away the best we could, as the rebels were seen shooting those that fell into their hands. The men who brought in the wounded were obliged to throw away their arms, but the most who did so waited till they reached the swamps, and then sunk them in the bayous.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. WARD,

Major First Kansas Colored Volunteers.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Escort to Forage Train.

Recapitulation of losses.*

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Office	 Men	 Office	 Men	 Aggreg

 rs	 	 rs	 	 ate

Company A	 ---	 14	 ---	 6	 20

Company B	 1	 7	 ---	 11	 19

Company C	 ---	 15	 1	 4	 20

Company D	 1	 8	 ---	 3	 12

Company E	 ---	 11	 ---	 5	 16

Company F	 ---	 10	 ---	 5	 15

Company G	 1	 13	 ---	 13	 27

Company H	 2	 8	 ---	 3	 13

Company I	 ---	 11	 ---	 6	 17

Company K	 ---	 15	 1	 7	 23

Total	 5	 112 	 2	 63	 182

R. G. WARD,

Major First Kansas Colored Vols., Commanding Regiment.

---------------

*From nominal list.

---------------

