
in forming a line of about 100 men to check the advance of the rebel cavalry, who had by this time formed a line extending across the field. I ordered the men to fire and the effect was as I anticipated, but this line could not stand longer than to deliver one volley. I saw that the right was entirely broken and the men pouring past me, and the cavalry had but to charge across the field, leap the fence, and our retreat was cut off. Then, seeing the train was lost, my first idea was to save the men. So I ordered them to scatter and bear to the left, with the hope of being able to form on the left of the Eighteenth Iowa, in order to protect the guns which I saw were being driven through the timber a little in advance of me. I rode square off to the left and came up near the Eighteenth Iowa just as they were leaping a fence. Supposing that to be their final repulse, I bore to the right and came up with No. 1 gun, which had run against a tree. I rallied a few men to the assistance of the gunners and the gun was freed, but it proceeded but little farther when it again ran against a tree, and the rear wheel-horse fell. Lieutenant Haines, commanding the section, then commanded the men to cut the horses loose and mount them, while 1 man, I think the lieutenant himself, spiked the piece. This was done in a ravine. Mounting the hill in front I could distinctly see the rebels shooting down our brave but fatigued body. In a few minutes you overtook me. I still rode slowly on (knowing my horse could easily take me out of danger), giving such directions to all of our men I met as I thought would insure their safety. When about 4 miles from the battle-field, in company with the adjutant of the Eighteenth Iowa, I rode as fast as the nature of the country would allow for Camden, where I arrived about 8 p.m.

Great credit is due both officers and men under my observation for the coolness, bravery, and promptness with which they obeyed and executed orders. I would especially mention First Sergeant Berry, Company I (supposed to be dead), whose efforts to keep his men in their place, urging them by all the endearments of freedom to keep their ground, were unceasing. He was a brave soldier and a noble man.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. C. GIBBONS,

Adjutant First Regiment Kansas Colored Volunteers.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Regiment Kansas Colored Vols.

No. 33. Report of Lieutenant William W. Haines, Second Indiana Battery, of engagement at Poison Spring.

CAMDEN, ARK., April 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report, in obedience to circular received this day: First. There was with the section myself and 32 enlisted men. Second. I had 4 men wounded-Corpl. George Walker, in left knee by piece of shell; John Highstreet, with musket-ball in left breast, I think mortally; Levi H. Burgess, by musket-ball passing through left leg; Charles Van De Venter, by

