
musket-ball in left temple, fracturing the skull; Alonzo Hinshaw, missing; I think he is killed. Third. My men all acted the part of brave and obedient soldiers, doing promptly and cheerfully what I ordered. After firing all the canister I had with my gun on our right flank, in obedience to your order, I reported with my section to Captain Duncan at the rear of the train. He ordered me to take position on a hill about 900 yards in his rear and to his left. On arriving at the place I found the rebel cavalry by a flank movement had come between me and Captain Duncan's battalion. I had no person there to support me except one Second Kansas Volunteer cavalryman, and the rebels were advancing on pieces. There was no road, and the woods were so thick that I could not go as fast as the rebel cavalry, so I ordered my drivers to cut their horses loose and save themselves and spike the rear piece and abandon them. My men all returned to camp except Highstreet, Van De Venter, Burgess, and Hinshaw. They still remain in the hands of the enemy.

I have the honor to remain, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. W. HAINES,

First Lieutenant, Second Indiana Battery.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

First Kansas Colored, Commanding Escort.

No. 34. Report of Colonel Samuel J. Crawford, Second Kansas Colored Infantry, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.

CAMP SECOND Regiment KANSAS COLORED INFY. VOLS.,

Fort Smith, Ark., May 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, April 30, 1864. During the four days preceding said 30th of April my regiment marched from Camden, Ark., to the Saline River, on one-quarter rations, through almost unprecedented mud and rain without tents or transportation. During the night of the 29th, my regiment remained in line of battle 1 mile from the crossing of the Saline River, exposed to a very severe rain-storm. Early on the morning of the 30th, I was directed by Colonel Adams, commanding brigade, to move my regiment forward and half near the pontoon bridge crossing the river. I executed the order, arriving near the bridge about 8 a.m. Soon after halting I heard scattering reports of small-arms to the rear, which proved to be the enemy advancing and skirmishing with the brigade acting as rear guard under General Rice. The light musketry fire increased rapidly and very soon grew into volleys from the entire brigade, an indication to me that the enemy was advancing in force. Convinced of the fact, I immediately countermarched my regiment for the scene of action. The road over which I had to march was exceedingly muddy, having a deep swamp on either side. Pushing forward, however, as rapidly as possible with my tired and hungry regiment, I soon reached the field and reported with my command to Brigadier-General Rice. On reporting he immediately directed me to throw my regiment in position on the right and relieve the Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, which had been engaged for some time

