
of the engagement, were loth to leave the field. I here accept the opportunity to render justice to two enlisted men attached to my command, viz, Sergt. John P. Mosley and Private George R. Benedict, Thirteenth Kansas Infantry, the former acting as first sergeant Company B, the latter as sergeant-major of my regiment, both of whom were severely wounded near the latter part of the engagement. No meed of praise in this respect would sufficiently do justice to their heroic conduct on the field or to their soldierly qualities at all times.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. CRAWFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Kansas Colored Infy.

Captain W. S. WHITTEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 35. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William T. Campbell, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp near Camden, Ark., April 20, 1864.

SIR: I would respectfully report that Lieutenant R. Henderson, of Company G, Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, was ordered to report to you with 50 enlisted men of this regiment. As the lieutenant was wounded and is absent from the regiment, a detailed report cannot be given. But 1 man of his command is missing, viz, Private N. Cunningham, Company K, Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers. The reports of the other officers of this regiment who formed part of the escort are inclosed.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Escort to Forage Train.

FORT SMITH, ARK., May --, 1864.

SIR: The Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, consisting of regimental headquarters and Companies A, C, G, K, and M, marched from camp near Roseville, Ark., under command of Lieutenant Colonel William T. Campbell, forming a junction on the 28th with the Frontier Division, commanded by Brigadier General J. M. Thayer. The regiment was then attached to the Third (or Cavalry) Brigade, and on the 9th of April, on the Little Missouri River, formed a junction with the Seventh Army Corps, Major General F. Steele commanding. The regiment participated in the skirmishes on the 10th, 11th, and 12th, at Prairie D'Ane.

On the 13th, while preparing to march, was again attacked, the Frontier Division being in the rear. The enemy was repulsed and driven from the field of action. On the 14th, Company C lost 9 men killed, wounded, or captured, while foraging. On the 16th, the regiment, with the main command, arrived at Camden, Ark.

---------------

*See reports of Phillips and Walker, pp.748, 749.

---------------

