
farthest. I do not think I am premature in congratulating the general commanding on the speedy and successful result of his measures to restore permanent place and security to the people of New Mexico.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry, New Mexico Vols., Commanding

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Headquarters Department of New Mexico.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Albert H. Pfeiffer, First New Mexico Cavalry.

FORT CANBY, N. MEX., January 20, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to General Orders, Numbers 29, headquarters Navajo expedition, dated January 2, 1864, I left Fort Canby, N. Mex. on the morning of the 6th instant with Company H and 33 men of Company E, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, en route for the east opening of Canon de Chelle.

On the first day I marched to the wheat fields, but saw nothing unusual or of importance; distance traveled, 9 miles. On the 7th instant marched to the second hay camp, a distance of 16 miles. During the hourney I saw a few Indian tracks, and sent Lieutenant C. P. Ortiz with a party of men to reconnoiter, and see if he could discover any Indians or overtake them if discovered. Snow about 6 inches deep, and hard marching for the men (having had to pack their blankets and overcoats from the time they started until they met the main body of the expedition), which they endured with heroic resolution. On the 8th, I marched about 10 miles, to a creek near the Cienego Juanico. As we approached the mountain range the snow became deeper and the marching more irksome and fatiguing. On the 9th with the snow very deep, I traveled about 10 miles. On the 11th, marched about 11 miles, to the east entrance of Canon de Chelle, where we encamped. During the trip on account of the deep snow, which increased in volume as we journeyed along, and which had fallen to the depth of 18 inches or 2 feet deep, I lost the trails several times, which somewhat impeded the march. Having observed a smoke in the distance I dispatched Sergeant Trujillo, of Company H, with 15 men, to discover, if possible, to locality from which the smoke arose. He returned and brought back with him 8 Indian prisoners (women and children) in an almost famishing condition. It being severely cold two of my men had their feet frozen.

On the 11th, I divided my command into three parties, with an advance guard of 15 men, with picks and shovels, as pioneer snappers and miners, the main body and my animals being in the rear guard. To each party I assigned a lieutenant (Lieutenants Hubbell, Ortiz, and Laughlin) with instructions to keep as closely connected as possible, and to move as one body, my presence being required at the most dangerous points, where I could move free and observe the stratagems of the concealed foe. My travel through the canon, for first 12 miles, was accomplished on the ice of the bed of the stream which courses through it. During the passage of the

