
viz, Greene's (he is a colonel of Shelby's old regiment from Saint Louis), was at Rome this morning; don't know where Shelby is; not disposed to answer questions. Some of my foragers were fired on about 4 miles west of a point on my road half-way between here and Okolona. I am encamped on the north side of the river with a mounted picket on the opposite side, four of my mountain howitzers bearing on the opposite side. The ground on this side is at least as high as on the other; on this side it is very thickety, on the other very open woods; flat both sides. I would suggest that a regiment of infantry with a rifled battery would add greatly to the security of the crossing. My guns are weak, both carbines and artillery.

Respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major-General STEELE.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp, April 10, 1864-5.30 a.m.

GENERAL: My forage train has not returned, and I will not have more than 600 mounted men in both brigades; consequently I cannot send a strong reconnaissance on the Murfreesborough road. Will you direct General Thayer to send one out? It should be at least 200 strong; should go immediately; should relieve my pickets, and go 6 or 7 miles from here, 2 or 3 miles beyond where the road from Eads' comes into the Murfreesborough road, which is 4 miles from here, then fall back to that junction and hold it till the train has all started from camp. Will you also please to direct General Thayer to post a picket at the Little Missouri crossing till my train comes up?

Captain Kehoe has made a strange blunder in staying out over night, but I cannot believe he is more than 10 miles from the crossing, and feel certain that he will reach there by 9 o'clock. I learned after midnight that many of General Thayer's teams were still in the bottom, camped, some being stuck and some upset.

Very respectfully,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major-General STEELE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Folk's Old Field, Ark., April 12, 1864-10.45 a.m.

GENERAL: I have found the long-sought-for field; there are no fortifications. About 60 men were here on picket and we drove them off. I shall leave Caldwell's brigade on picket, with orders to fall back in an hour unless otherwise ordered.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas.

