HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Dr. Rook's Plantation, near Lone Creek, Ark., April 13, 1864.

SIR: I am encamped along the road from Lone Grove toward Camden. Colonel Ritter has orders to move with his mounted force to Camden early to-morrow. In the absence of other orders I propose to march at 7 o'clock to-morrow, keeping scouts well out on either flank. The Caney makes a sweep to the southwest from the crossing, and is said to be impassable, so as to protect us on the south till we get several miles farther east. Some of my foragers saw 12 rebels about a mile north of here to-day. I propose to take out the family of a soldier of the Tenth Illinois, which is at a cross-roads called Bluff City, 3 miles east by northeast of Lone Grove; also those of two Union men living near here north of the road. The soldier says there is forage in his neighborhood, and that he can take a train of twenty wagons off the road at Lone Grove and come in again at a point several miles in advance, loaded. The man has gone to-night after his family. If he returns in time in the morning he will report to Captain Henry, but I think it would be well to send the wagons any way, as any intelligent man ought to be able to make the circuit, and guides may be pressed. The road, so far, from Caney is sandy, and rain cannot hurt it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant G. O. SOKALSKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON WHITE OAK CREEK, April 14, 1864-9 p.m.

SIR: Upon arriving here a short time before sunset I sent out 500 men to reconnoiter the Washington road, 250 to go to the junction with this road, and 250 to take a cross-road which leaves this 1 1/2 miles in advance. The reconnaissance on the direct road drove a scouting party of about 60 (which had been annoying my advance for several miles) to within half a mile of the junction, where it met a column of the enemy and engaged it. At last reports they were still engaged, and had not yet arrived at the junction. The party on the cross-road went on to the Washington road and formed line across it. A few moments after there came a party of about 200 from the west. My men challenged: "Who comes there?" Answer, "Friends." "Friends of whom?" "Friends of Jeff. Davis." Whereupon my men fired on them, killed 1, wounded and captured another, and captured 1 unwounded. The unwounded prisoner says he belongs to Kitchen's regiment, of Greene's brigade, and that Greene's and Shelby's brigades have passed on to Camden; that his party was the rear guard; does not know whether Price's whole force is moving or not. The wounded prisoner has not yet come in. A citizen, captured about 1 1/2 miles in advance, says he saw one of Marmaduke's flankers near the Washington road this p.m. I have had 3 men wounded, 1 through the chest.

General Rice came to this creek just after I had received the above report, 7.30 o'clock. We agree that we are between 5 and 6 miles from your headquarters; the junction is 4 miles still farther. We

