
enemy were seen in Benton upon the arrival of my advance guard; shots were exchanged between them. My advance guard were fired upon three or four times to-day by rebels lying in ambush. A prisoner from First Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), Shelby's brigade, and dressed in Federal uniform, was captured by my men near Benton. He had in his possession a rebel main, which I examined and found nothing important. Many of Shelby's command are clothed in Federal uniform. From what I can learn from this prisoner, and other sources of information, there are none of the enemy camped at Rockport. Shelby is reported at Camden with three regiments and a battalion. Other forces are reported at Washington and Spring Hill. I send in charge of the escort the above-mentioned prisoner, who, perhaps, can give you some information. The Saline River is low and easily forded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. F. RITTER,

Colonel First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, March 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding. I recommend that the prisoner be put to death. I have no doubt of his being found in our uniform.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. CARR,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 38. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. Caldwell, First Iowa Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, of skirmishes April 2-4.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAV. DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Camp No. 8, in Field, April 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade during the march from camp near Spoonville yesterday, the 2nd instant, to this place: At 6 a.m. the Third Brigade left camp near Soonville and marched in rear of the First Brigade, on the Washington road, a distance of about 6 miles. At this place the Camden road intersects the Washington road, which was taken, leaving the Washington road to the right. Here, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, I sent forward 200 mounted men of the First Iowa Cavalry, under Captain McIntyre, on the Washington road at 9 a.m. with instructions to proceed 6 miles, and there remain as a picket until 1 p.m. With the brigade proper I marched on the Camden road in rear of First Brigade. The detachment of 200 men sent forward on Washington road had not proceeded a mile when the enemy appeared in front, and brisk skirmishing ensued. Though few in number, compared to the number of the enemy, the captain drove him to Antoine and beyond it a

