
distance of about 4 miles. Upon my arrival at Okolona, a distance of 5 miles from the junction of the Washington and Camden roads, an orderly from Captain McIntyre's detachment reported that he had been fighting the enemy, who had largely superior numbers, since the brigade had left the main Washington road. I reported at once to the brigadier-general commanding, and by his order I sent the effective force mounted of the First Iowa Cavalry to Captain McIntyre's assistance, under Captain Crosby, and moved forward with the remainder of my brigade to the present camp, on the Little Missouri River. Captain Crosby arrived at Antoine about 1 p.m., and, combining the forces of the First Iowa Cavalry, attacked the enemy and drove him steadily back to Wold Creek, a distance of 3 miles. Here the enemy took a strong position on an elevation beyond Wold Creek, leaving an open field in front and right, and bringing forward his artillery opened with grape and canister, and afterward with shot and shell, maintained it. The First Iowa having no artillery it was impossible to dislodge him. The captain then retired in good order, and joined the brigade at 7 p.m. near Okolona, having fought a force of 2,500 strong, under Generals Cabell and Marmaduke, and marched a distance of 41 miles. The following is a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. CALDWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, Cav. Div.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp No. 8, April 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, in the engagement yesterday across Little Missouri River: On the morning of the 3rd instant, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, I sent 525 mounted men, comprising 425 of the Third Missouri Cavalry and 100 of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry, to report to Colonel Ritter, commanding First Brigade. With the remaining effective force I established outposts on all roads in rear, and camped the dismounted battalion in close proximity as reserve. Across the Little Missouri, at a distance of 1 1/2 miles on the main road from the ferry, I posted two squadrons (C and D) of the First Iowa Cavalry to guard well against the enemy in front. At sunrise on the morning of the 4th instant the enemy opened a vigorous fire with artillery and small-arms on the advance outposts across Little Missouri. The attack was gallantly met by these two squadrons, who repulsed the enemy, driving him at least a quarter of a mile through the timber. As soon as this attack was made, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, I sent forward two squadrons (E and F) of the First Iowa Cavalry as re-enforcements, but before they arrived these squadrons on outposts duty were compelled to retire, the enemy having vastly superior numbers. The enemy advanced to the position occupied by the outposts, planted his artillery, and with a long line of skirmishers on both flanks opened a galling fire on our advance line. The

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 enlisted man killed, 2 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing.

---------------

