
squadrons sent forward as re-enforcements were at once dismounted and deployed to the right as skirmishers. Squadron G of the First Iowa Cavalry was sent to the extreme right, and Squadron H of the First Iowa to the extreme left to guard against flank movement by the enemy. Meanwhile the fire on the center increased. But a short time ensued when Captain Whisenand, First Iowa Cavalry, commanding the extreme right line of skirmishers, reported that a flank movement the extreme right line of skirmishers, reported that a flank movement was being made by the enemy on the right. I immediately sent to the right Squadrons I, K, and L of the First Iowa Cavalry, and deployed them as skirmishers, the extreme right of this line resting on the river, 1 mile above the ferry. The entire mounted force of my brigade was now across the river in line, making the advance line of skirmishers on the right and center. This line held the ground firmly, and fell back only when relieved by a regiment of infantry, which was deployed in the rear, in supporting regiment than the First Iowa Cavalry. It will be understood when I say that the Third Missouri and Tenth Illinois were all on duty in another field and separate from my command. They cannot fail to render signal service. Every officer and man of the Third Brigade did his whole duty. I have outposts at this time on the right, center, and left at least 1 mile from the ferry. I herewith submit a report of the casualties* of the day. I have taken during the expedition 26 prisoners with arms.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. CALDWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Return of Casualties in the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, April 2-25, 1864.

Killed. Wounded. Captured

or

missing.

Command.	 Of	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Of	 Men	 Aggr	 Date

 fi	 	 ice	 	 fi	 	 egat

 ce	 	 rs	 	 ce	 	 e

 rs	 	 	 	 rs

1st Iowa Cavalry	 -	 1	 --	 2	 -	 1	 4	 April 2.

 -	 1	 1	 9	 -	 --	 11	 April 4.

 -	 1	 --	 1	 -	 4	 6	 April 10.

 -	 --	 --	 2	 -	 2	 4	 April 25.

3rd Missouri	 -	 1	 --	 --	 -	 --	 1	 April 15.

Cavalry

Total	 -	 4	 1	 14	 -	 7	 26

No. 39. Reports of Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, commanding at Pine Bluff, of expedition to Mount Elba and Long View, &amp;c.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., March 27, 1864.

GENERAL: The following instructions were received from General Steele, prior to his leaving Little Rock:

LITTLE ROCK, 23rd.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON:

The movement from this point commenced this morning. To-morrow the general and staff leave. The line of march from here is by the military road to Arkadelphia;

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed and 10 wounded.

---------------

