
cannon I observed plenty of oak, cotton-wood, and scrub-oak, which grew on both sides on the mountain's declivity, the hillsides at the entrance and for the first 12 miles jutting down almost perpendicular to the level of the canon, which was very narrow and confined to the channel of the creek. The advance party on that day, under Lieutenant Lauglin, who volunteered to take precedence, caught 4 prisoners. Lieutenant C. M. Hubbell, who was in charge, of the rear had a great deal of trouble in proceeding with the pack trains, as the mules frequently through the ice and tumbled down with their loads. All the Indian prisoners taken thus far were half starved and make. The canon has no road except the bottom of the creek. We traveled mostly on the ice, our animals breaking through every few minutes, and one mule split completely open under exhausting fatigue of the march. On the 12th instant traveled about 8 miles; had several skirmishes with the enemy. Indians on both sides of the canon whooping, yelling, and cursing, firing shots and throwing rocks down upon my command. Killed 2 buck Indians in the encounter and 1 squaw, who obstinately persisted in hurling rocks and pieces of wood at the soldiers. Six prisoners were captured on this occasion. Lieutenant Hubbell followed up some Indians in a tributary canon, but could not overtake them on account of the steepness of the hillsides, where nothing save an Indian or a mountain goat could make their way. I encamped that evening in a secure place where plenty of wood was to be obtained-the remains od old Indian lodges. Here I saw several castles or villages, one of which i named Castle Carey, in honor of Captain A. B. Carey, chief quartermaster of the expedition, which was located high up among the rocks solidly built, and remarkable for its substantial and beautiful masonry, and denoting taste on the part of the rude barbarians, where most probably some of the chiefs of the tribe resided in summer, the village being inaccessible to the foot-prints of the white man; and near to it in the cannon was a large orchard of peach trees, but on account of the fighting and the necessity of being on the constant lookout I was unable to destroy them. From this point westward the canon widens, the rocky precipice being about 1,200 or 1,500 feet night. At some places it spreads out like a beautiful savanna, where corn-fields, of the savages are laid out with farmer-like taste, and supplied with acequias for irrigation. At other places the canon is confined to a narrow compass in a zigzag, meandering, course, with high projecting rocks and houses built thereon, perforated with caverns and mountain fastness 300 or 400 feet above the ground as hiding places. Here the Navajoes sought refuge when pursued force, whether of neighboring tribes or the arms of the Government, and there they were enabled to jump about on the ledges of the rocks like mountain cats, hallowing at me, swearing and cursing and threatening vengeance on my command in every variety of Spanish they were capable of mastering. A couple of shots from my soldiers with their trusty rifles caused the red-skins to disperse instantly, and gave me a sage passage through this celebrated Gibraltar of Navajodom. At the place when I encamped the curl of the smoke from my fires ascended to where a large body of Indians were resting over my head, but the height was so great that the Indians did not look larger than crows, and as we were too far apart to injure each other no damage was done, except with the tongue, the articulation of which was scarcely audible.

