
About 2 o'clock on the morning of the 30th, fearing that Lieutenant-Colonel Marks might not have sufficient cavalry to watch the enemy in the direction of Monticello, I sent Captain Barnes with a squadron of cavalry to report to him, with instructions to march at daylight in that direction. About 8.30 a.m. I received a report that Captain Barnes had met the enemy on the opposite side of the river, and had been driven in. I immediately sent Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins with the Fifth Kansas Cavalry to the assistance of Lieutenant-Colonel Marks. About 9.30 a.m. Lieutenants Greathouse and Young returned and reported the destruction of the bridge at Long View, the burning of a loaded train of 35 wagons, the capture of a large amount of arms and ammunition, about 260 prisoners, near 300 horses and mules, and a large number of contrabands. About this time artillery firing was heard in the direction of Mount Elba, and soon after a courier from Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins reported an engagement going on at that place. I immediately marched with my cavalry, with the utmost dispatch, to his assistance. Arriving at Mount Elba, I found that the enemy had been handsomely repulsed by Lieutenant-Colonels Jenkins and Marks, and had fallen back about a mile, followed by Majors Walker and Scudder with the Fifth Kansas Cavalry. I immediately joined the pursuit with all of my available cavalry. I found the enemy posted in thick timber, with an inclosed field, a peach orchard, betwixt his position and ours. I ordered my artillery in position, had the fence thrown down, and ordered the charge. The artillery opened at the same time; the men charged gallantly across the open field into the timber; the enemy broke in the wildest confusion, and from this out his retreat was a perfect rout. The road and timber were strewn with blankets, saddle-bags, hats, and guns, and prisoners were being constantly brought in and sent to the rear. The pursuit was vigorously kept up until we arrived at a point about 5 miles from Mount Elba, where the road crosses Big Creek. Here the enemy had succeeded in tearing up about 20 feet of the bridge, carrying off the plank. The creek could not be forded. We were consequently very suddenly and effectively checked. By the time we were ready to move again it was about 5 p.m., and by the time we arrived at Centreville, a point about 12 miles from Mount Elba, it was nightfall. The greater part of my cavalry was very much fatigued, and that portion which made the expedition to Long View was unable to move a step farther. The infantry with the prisoners and train was still behind. In view of the four hours' start the enemy had obtained by means of the obstruction at the bridge, and the incumbrance of our prisoners, who would be difficult to guard during a night march, I concluded to pursue any farther would be a uselles tax upon the energy and endurance of my command. I accordingly went into camp and marched back to Pine Bluff, a distance of 28 miles, the next day.

The enemy's forces at Mount Elba consisted of Crawford's and Crockett's brigades, commanded by General Dockery in person. His defeat was thorough and complete, with a loss upon his part in killed, wounded, and missing, independent of the 260 captured at Long View, of over 160 men.

The Long View raid reflects the highest credit to Lieutenants Greathouse and Young, and for brilliancy and success is almost without a parallel. One hundred men (50 from the First Indiana and 50 from the Fifth Kansas Cavalry) marched 40 miles into the

