
PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 9, 1864.

Major McCauley has just come in, having been out on a five days' scout. He went through Monticello and Long View to Hamburg, to within 15 miles of the Louisiana line. Had a skirmish; killed 2, and captured 2 lieutenants and 17 men. He reports the country this side of the Saline as abandoned by the enemy with the exception of a few straggling bands. Heard at Monticello that General Steele had advanced to within 6 miles of Camden. I will send the Eighteenth Illinois on the first boat.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

General KIMBALL.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 26, 1864.

GENERAL: My forces consist of the following regiments: Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, seven companies First Indiana Cavalry, ten companies Fifth Kansas Cavalry, and the Seventh Missouri Cavalry. I have ten pieces of artillery, manned by details from the cavalry regiments. My forces are disposed of at present as follows: 350 cavalry were with the train that was captured yesterday, the greater portion of which succeeded in cutting their way through and are coming in small squads; 200 cavalry are with Major Walker, en route from Little rock to this place; 25 cavalry are bearing a flag of truce to the scene of yesterday's affair; the remainder of the cavalry, about 775, are here, about 650 of which are dismounted. The Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry is here, about 550 strong. The Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, 226 strong, were sent out to co-operate with the train escort from Camden; they arrived at the Saline River about the time the train was captured; they were attacked from the opposite side soon after and held the crossing until night, when, to prevent their being cut off from this post, I sent out a dispatch ordering them in; they will probably be here to-night. We have no force at the crossing of the Saline now. The crossing can be reconstructed without retarding the movement of troops.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WEST.

No. 40. Report of Surg. Isaac Casselberry, First Indiana Cavalry, of Confederate losses at Mount Elba, &amp;c.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was present soon after the engagement on the 30th ultimo at Mount Elba. From the number of the rebels killed I saw, and from the number killed reported by the party ordered out to pick up the wounded, I would state the rebels killed at 35, wounded severely, 55. For the number of wounded rebels I rely chiefly upon the statement to me by the rebel surgeon whom I found in charge of their wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC CASSELBERRY,

Surgeon First Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN HARDING,

Post Adjutant.

