
action and ordered me to follow with the infantry and prisoners. From this time I was with the main command until our arrival at Pine Bluff on the night of March 31, 1864.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

SAML. B. MARKS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Regiment Illinois Vol. Infy.

Lieutenant JOHN HARDING,

Post Adjutant, Pine Bluff.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., April 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your order of this date, I have the honor to report that all the officers and men under my command during the recent expedition acquitted themselves in a manner deserving the highest praise and commendation. I was specially indebted to Captain Davis, commanding detachment of Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, and Captain Smith, commanding detachment of Twenty-eight Wisconsin Infantry, for valuable services rendered during the engagement; their coolness and bravery upon the field, and the skillful manner in which they handled their men, together with their quick appreciation of every means which added to our defense, contributed largely to the successful result. I was likewise under many obligations to Captain Moore, of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry. I had him and his company placed in the front in the timber, a very dangerous post, in immediate contact with the enemy. He was thus enabled frequently to advise me of their movements, which gave me time to anticipate them and make such disposition of my forces as to checkmate them at all points. This position he held until we opened upon the enemy with artillery. It gives me pleasure to have the opportunity of calling your attention to Sergeant Davis, of the Fifth Kansas, in command of two guns; he deserves the highest praise for his coolness and courage in time of greatest danger, and for the skillful and effective manner in which he handled his pieces.

Very respectfully,

S. B. MARKS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant JOHN HARDING,

Post Adjutant.

No. 42. Report of Captain Lyndsey J. Smith, Twenty-eight Wisconsin Infantry, of action at Mound Elba.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH WISCONSIN INFY. VOLS.,Pine Bluff, Ark., April 6, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from the post of Pine Bluff, I have the honor to report that where all of the officers and men did as well as the men of my command on the 30th of March, 1864, it is difficult to particularize. Alexander T. Seymour, first lieutenant Company I, Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, who had command of the

