
wounded on the field. At this state of the fight the cavalry under Colonel Clayton came up, and crossing the river the cavalry and infantry pursued the enemy 10 miles to Centreville that night. The next day the expedition returned to Pine Bluff, bringing 320 prisoners, and infantry having made a march of 82 miles. A detachment of 350 men of the regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Gray, left Pine Bluff on the 28th of April, with orders to proceed to Mount Elba by the pontoon bridge across the Saline River, and guard it until the expedition under Brigadier-General Andrews, intended to carry supplies to the army at Camden, should arrive. On the 30th, couriers from General Steele reached us with the information that our army was retreating in the direction of Little Rock, and the regiment returned to Pine Bluff, having made a march of 60 miles.

Since the return of the army to the line of the Arkansas the regiment has furnished heavy details for outpost and guard duty, and large fatigue details were employed day and night during the monts of June and July.

Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Gray, being the senior officer since the discharge of Colonel Lewis, has commanded the regiment since the 1st of October, 1863. Since November 7, 1863, the regiment has been detached from its brigade, but retained position in the Second Brigade, Third Division (commander, Brigadier General S. A. Rice; division commander, Brigadier General F. Salomon), until May 13, 1864, when it was, at the re-organization of the army, placed in the First Brigade, First Division, under the same commanders. Company G was detached as provost guard at Pine Bluff December 24, 1863, and relieved by Company E March 8, 1864. Company D was detached to take charge of pontoon bridge at Pine Bluff August 1, 1864.

Captain M. G. Townsend, Company B, serving as acting assistant inspector-general on the staff of Brigadier-General Rice, was killed in action at the battle of Marks' Mills, April 25, 1864.

Enlisted men killed in action at Mount Elba, 2; enlisted men captured at Marks' Mills, 1; enlisted men died of disease, 43; enlisted men discharged for disability, 27; enlisted men deserted, 2.

E. B. GRAY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Vol. Infy., Commanding Regiment

AUG. GAYLORD,

Adjutant-General of Wisconsin.

No. 44. Reports of Lieuts. Grover Young, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, and Frank M. Greathouse, First Indiana Cavalry, of expedition to Long View.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 2, 1864.

COLONEL: We have the honor to report to you the following details of our proceedings while detached from your command on our late expedition: In pursuance with your orders, after leaving you at Mount Elba we proceeded to Warren, reaching there at 12 a.m. There we took some 5 or 6 prisoners. We then moved out on the west side of there and came into the Warren and Long View road some distance from there. On our way there we picked up several

