
prisoners. When we came to the fort of Long View and Camden road, which is some 2 miles from Long View, we took 4 prisoners, and learned from them that there had been a train of nine wagons and 25 men passed out a short time ahead of us. We sent a party out after then, burnt the wagons, and captured the men. We learned from them there was a large train crossing, which had come out from Monticello that day. We moved on, and reached their camp just at dark. We charged into their camp, surrounded them and demanded their surrender, and ordered them to fall in line. We coming on them so unexpectedly, and they being in such confusion, they obeyed immediately. There were 250 men, 7 or 8 officers. We destroyed their bridge, threw about 175 or 200 stand of arms in the river, burnt 30 wagons, which were loaded with baggage and camp equipage, also ammunition; took some 300 horses and mules. We then mounted our prisoners, and returned to our most worthy commanded all O. K.

Colonel, we have the honor to be, your most obedient servants,

YOUNG and GREATHOUSE,

Lieutenants.

[Colonel CLAYTON.]

No. 45. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Wilton A. Jenkins, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, of action at Mount Elba, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KANSAS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., April 3, 1864.

SIR: On the morning of Wednesday last, March 30, while in camp 5 miles south of the Saline River, I received an order from Colonel Powell Clayton, commanding the expedition from this place, to proceed with the Fifth Kansas Cavalry to Mount Elba, to assist in holding that place against a reported advance of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Marks, with portions of the Twenty-eighth Wisconsin and Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, and about 50 of our poorest mounted cavalry, had been left to protect our train and pontoons at Mount Elba, where we crossed the Saline. Upon my arrival, after a rapid march, Lieutenant-Colonel Marks came forward and surrendered the command to me, which I immediately assumed. Our pickets had been driven in about the time, or just previous to my arrival upon the ground. Lieutenant-Colonel Marks had made preparations for defense by throwing up a small breast-work of logs, in the rear of which was posted part of the Eighteenth Illinois and the three small guns which were left with him. Dismounting my men and leaving the horses under the bluff and across the bridge, I sent the men to the front and threw out a line of skirmishers, some 600 yards in advance, with orders to hold the enemy in check as long as possible, thus enabling us to construct temporary barricades out of the rails which were lying scattered around, and in the fences near by. This was done under a heavy fire from the enemy, who now appeared in such force as compelled our skirmishers to fall back to the main command. Our line was formed as follows: The right was held by the Eighteenth Illinois, the left by the Twenty-eighth Wisconsing and two companies of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry, and the center by the three howitzers, supported by the dismounted cavalry. The enemy, evidently expecting an easy victory, kept moving forward

