
steadily, under cover of the timber, keeping up a continuous fire along his whole line. Up to this time but two or three rounds had been fired from our artillery, though the firing of small-arms had been severe for some time, but as the enemy was now advancing with loud cheers and could plainly be seen through the woods in our front, the howitzers were ordered to be served as rapidly as possible. In a short time it became evident that the severity of our fire was causing the rebels to fall back in great haste and confusion, seeing which I again advanced my skirmishers and threw forward my left some 300 or 400 yards. Numbers of their dead and wounded soldiers were now found, as well as a great many arms, which had been left in their hurried retreat. The horses were now brought across the river, and Majors Walker and Scudder, of the Fifth Kansas, with 100 men and one howitzer, were sent after the retreating foe, with orders to harass him as much as possible. I had just issued orders to have the dead collected, the wounded taken to the houses for surgical aid, and the arms to be gathered up, when Colonel Clayton arrived and my duties as commander ceased, and with him I rode forward to my regiment in pursuit of the enemy. The battle lasted about one hour and a half, during all of which time I was upon the ground and can speak favorably of both officers and men of the different commands, all behaving like veterans. Much credit is due to Lieutenant-Colonel marks for his promptness in making preparations for defense, as well as his assistance to me during the engagement; also to Majors Walker and Scudder, Captain Smith, and in fact all the officers present, for the zeal and fearlessness displayed in having my orders carried out.

The enemy were more than double our number, and their loss, as ascertained, is as follows: Killed, 25; dangerously wounded and left behind, 27; slightly wounded, 60; while their loss in arms must be 200 or 300, many having thrown them away in their rapid retreat. The Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry lost 2 men killed, which was all the casualties on our part.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. A. JENKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Lieutenant HARDING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 46. Report of Captain Benjamin T. Humphrey, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, of action at Mount Elba.
HDQRS. SEVENTH CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Pine Bluff, Ark., April 8, 1864.

SIR: In reply to your favor requesting the names of any officers or men of my command who may deserve special mention for gallant conduct during the late engagement near Mount Elba, I would respectfully say that where all behaved so well I could not speak in preference of any particular one without disparagement to others equally worthy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. T. HUMPHREY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN HARDING,

Post Adjutant.

