
No. 47. Report of Captain William F. Creitz, Fifth Kansas Battery (improvised), or expedition to Mount Elba.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 7, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your circular of April 6, desiring the names of non-commissioned officers and men of my command that deserve special mention for meritorious conduct during the late expedition under your command, I would respectfully submit the following statement: All, both non-commissioned officers and men attached to my command, performed their respective duties so promptly and efficiently in the management of the guns throughout the action at Mount Elba and subsequent pursuit of the enemy, that I beg to be excused from making special mention of the conduct of any particular one of my command.

Very respectfully,

WM. F. CREITZ,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Kansas Battery.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding Post, Pine Bluff, Ark.

No. 48. Report of Major General Sterling Price, C. S. Army, commanding District of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, May --, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of the troops under my command in this district during the campaign just terminated: The infantry (Price's division) having been ordered from Spring Hill to Louisiana on March 18, and followed soon after by Fagan's brigade, then at Camden, left for the time only cavalry at my disposal.

On March 23, the advance guard of the enemy moved out from Little Rock on the military road toward Arkadelphia, and were followed on the succeeding day by their whole column. Their force, commanded by Major-General Steele in person, was estimated at 10,000 men of all arms, with 25 pieces of artillery and a train of 400 wagons, including pontoons. As soon as the intentions of the enemy were developed Cabell's brigade was moved from near Columbus, on Red River, toward Tate's Bluff, at the mouth of the Little Missouri. At the same time Brigadier-General Marmaduke, with Marmaduke's brigade, was ordered from Camden to that point. Brigadier-General Shelby had been with his command previously thrown across the Ouachita toward Princeton and Tulip, with instructions to watch the movements of the enemy, and in conjunction with Dockery's brigade and Woods' battalion to harass his rear, and, if practicable, cut off his trains. Unfortunately, before Brigadier-General Dockery could execute this order he was on March 29 [30] attacked at Mount Elba by a party of the enemy from Pine Bluff and completely routed. They at the same time captured at Long

