
On the 13th, traveled about 10 miles, making 30 miles in all-the whole length of the canon, more or less-according to my estimate of distances. As I proceeded west the canon became more gently sloping and spreading out wider, but mostly overflowed by the river, which runs in a westerly direction and rises and sinks every few alternate miles until it disappears in the bosom of the earth. At the month of the west opening I met Major Jose D. Sena, in command of the forces under Colonel Carson as an advance scout, to whom I reported. Next day, the 14th instant, during the temporary absence of the major, 3 Indians (2 men and 1 woman) under a flag of truce- Drapeau Blanc, Lous, Tache-arrived and saluted me. I received them kindly, friendly, and frankly, and treated them accordingly until Major Sena arrived, to whom I turned them over with the flag. Colonel Carson arrived the same day, and my mission was ended. Prisoners captured, 19.

In conclusion, I have to observe that my thanks are due to Lieutenants Hubbell, Ortiz, and Laughlin and the men of my command, who obeyed orders with alacrity, for the signal aid they rendered me on the trying occasion, they having all determined to perish or force their way through this strong defile, which they gallantly accomplished without loss of life or limb.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. H. PFEIFFER,

Captain, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers.

Lieutenant LAWRENCE G. MURPHY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Navajo Expedition.

Numbers 4. Reports of Captain Asa B. Carey, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry.

FORT CANBY, N. MEX., January 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders received from the colonel commanding Navajo expedition, on the 16th instant I left the west opening of Canon de Chelle in command of Captain A. H. Pfeiffer's company (H, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers), and detachments attached, on scouts against the Navajo Indians. I marched up the main Canon de Chelly a distance of 4 miles to a point where the canon branched, the north branch running about five degrees north of east, the south branch nearly due east. As I was totally unacquainted with the country, I was undecided which of the canons to follow, but on consulting Captain Pfeiffer I found that the north branch was his route from the east end. A knowledge of this almost unknown stronghold of the Navajoes being a valuable acquisition for future operations, I decided to travel the south branch. After marching up the canon for 2 miles several Indians were discovered on the north side on the cliffs almost immediately above us, and beyond rifle-shot. I halted for the purpose of ascertaining if the side of the canon could be ascended, but found it impossible. In the time the number of Indians on the rocks above us increased, and by signs and gestures indicated that they desired to come to me. I had with me a Navajo Indian, and through him I communicated to them that if they desired to come to me they could do so, when I would make known

