
The enemy, on learning the loss of their train, evacuated Camden on the night of April 26, and at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 27th their rear guard crossed the Ouachita. The town was occupied by our advance about 9 a.m. of the same day. We found they had abandoned a large number of wagons, and thrown quantities of harness into the river, which were afterward saved.

Walker's division of infantry having arrived, General Smith had on April 26 assumed command of the Army of Arkansas in person, and I was assigned to the immediate command of the Arkansas and Missouri divisions of infantry, commanded, respectively, by Brigadier-Generals Churchill and Parsons, and the operations of the army [were] afterward conducted by the general commanding.

On the morning of April 28, a raft bridge having been laid during the night previous, the two divisions of infantry under my command crossed the Ouachita and moved rapidly in pursuit of the retreating enemy, whose route was plainly marked at every step by cast-off garments, and other property and plunder abandoned in their flight. We marched 16 miles and encamped on the ground occupied by the enemy the night before. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, my column was again in motion, and passing through Princeton bivouacked at night 11 miles beyond that town, making a distance of 28 miles marched that day. After a few hours' rest, at midnight the troops were again in line of march. The night very dark, with heavy rain, increased the toil of these weary and gallant soldiers. At daylight on April 30, we had come upon the enemy's rear, near Jenkins' Ferry, 22 miles from Princeton. Marmaduke's cavalry had already engaged them, when at 8 a.m. my command was moved forward into action. Churchill's division Arkansas infantry being in the advance was pushed rapidly to the support of Marmaduke's command, then skirmishing sharply with the enemy, Parsons' division Missouri infantry being held in reserve. The nature of the ground, swampy, with dense woods and undergrowth, rendered the movements of the troops very difficult, and the falling rain increased the discomfort of men already nearly exhausted by long marches and loss of rest. The line was formed, and under all obstacles moved with spirit and alacrity to the attack. The enemy re-enforced rapidly, and an incessant roar of musketry attested the stubbornness of the conflict. For two hours, under a most destructive fire, with varying success, this division maintained the unequal contest greatly outnumbered by the enemy. Parsons' division being brought to their support, the whole line advanced with great steadiness, pouring volley after volley with fatal precision into the ranks of the foe. A section of Lesueur's battery had been brought to the support of the infantry and placed, at the suggestion of General Marmaduke, in the open field (Cooper's) and near the edge of the creek. The boggy ground was almost impassable, and it was with great effort that the guns were put in position. After firing a few rounds, being disabled by the loss of several horses, they were withdrawn. A section of Ruffner's battery, which had been also ordered up, was delayed by this movement and the nature of the road, and mistaking the line of the enemy for our own troops, was pushed far in advance, and the horses and most of the cannoneers being killed, the two guns were lost. The ammunition of the infantry giving out, my whole line was retired to the foot of the hill in our rear. Walker's division now going into action my command was ordered up to its support, the entire force of the enemy being engaged. The

