
contest now raged with great violence, when the enemy yielded the ground, leaving his dead and wounded; many wagons, his India-rubber pontoons (cut, and for the time rendered useless), and much spoil fell into our hands.

The reports of Generals Churchill and Parsons, with those of brigade and other commanders, are inclosed herewith and referred to as giving full information in detail of the operations of their respective commands during the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, which ended the campaign.

In closing this report I beg leave to acknowledge the prompt and effective support rendered me by Brigadier-General Maxey and his troops. Leaving the District of the Indian Territory, which he commanded, he joined me at a time when the necessity for re-enforcements seemed greatest, and until relieved from duty here after the evacuation of Camden by the Federal forces continued to perform most efficient service.

I regret that the country was deprived, temporarily, of the services of Brigadier-General Gano (of Maxey's division) by a severe and painful wound received in a skirmish near Munn's Mill, at a period when that bold and experienced officer would have added fresh laurels to those already gained on many hard-fought fields. To the general officers of my own immediate command-Brigadier Gens. J. F. Fagan, J. S. Marmaduke, W. L. Cabell, T. P. Dockery, J. O. Shelby, and Colonel Greene-I desire to return my acknowledgments for their prompt, efficient, and gallant services. To these and to the cavalry under them the country owes a debt of gratitude for their indomitable perseverance in harassing and annoying the enemy, impeding his movements, crippling and demoralizing his forces until final victory crowned their efforts, and the army of Steele, foiled in its purpose, turned from its line of march to Red River, was driven for temporary refuge to Camden. The infantry divisions under Brigadier-Generals Churchill and Parsons, having returned by forced marches with their laurels fresh from the fields of Louisiana, fully sustained their old commanders-Brigadier Gens. J. C. Tappan, A. T. Hawthorn, J. B. Clark, jr., and Cols. L. C. Gause and S. P. Burns-the South is indebted for results which attest fully the patient endurance and fortitude of their troops. My staff merit my highest commendation. Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Belton, assistant adjutant-general, was with me throughout the campaign, conspicuous for the intelligent discharge of his duties and his gallantry on the field. Major Thomas L. Snead, on this, as on other important occasions, rendered me very valuable service by his cool, ripe judgment and experience and the efficient, prompt, and fearless manner in which he bore himself on the field. I regret that his services are lost to the army in the field, but only to be given to his country on another and perhaps as important an arena. Major G. A. Gallagher, Captain J. W. Lewis, and S. H. Buck, assistant adjutant-generals; Lieutenant Colonel Clay Taylor, chief of ordnance and artillery; Captain T. J. Mackey, chief engineer; Major Isaac Brinker, chief quartermaster; Major N. S. Hill, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain A. Sigourney, chief paymaster; Surg. Thomas D. Wooten; medical director, and Surg. C. M. Taylor, medical inspector, are all deserving of high praise and entitled to my thanks.

To my personal staff, consisting of Lieuts. R. T. Morrison, and Celsus Price, assisted by Colonel Washington L. Crawford, Captain D. C.

