
road on which the enemy was moving. Skirmishing parties were thrown forward. They were fired on by the enemy. General Cabell's brigade opened the fight in a bold and vigorous manner. Soon Dockery's brigade was in position on the left, when it, too, promptly engaged enemy. Owing to the distance General Shelby had to travel his attack was not simultaneously with General Shelby had to travel his attack was not simultaneously with General Cabell's. Soon, however, and when Cabell's division was hotly engaged and acting in the most determined and gallant manner, General Shelby's opening guns proclaimed him in the place intended. Down he came upon the head of the enemy's train, which was now pushing to gain the crossing at Mount Elba, driving everything before him, capturing many prisoners, wagons, arms, &amp;c. The engagement was now general. The enemy's lines could not sustain the combined attack. They wavered and showed signs of giving way. Our brave troops moved upon them with terrible and crushing effect. It was not long before the enemy's forces broke in dismay and confusion, completely routed. Our victory was decided and complete.

The forces opposed to our own were not less than 2,500, mostly infantry. Five hundred of them were killed and wounded. One entire infantry brigade (Second, of Salomon's division, Seventh Army Corps) we captured with all their arms. Many other prisoners were taken (in all over 1,300), 6 pieces of artillery (all they had), their entire train of 300 wagons, a large number of ambulances, very many small-arms, and 150 negroes.

It is but due our troops to mention that they fought a force superior in number. A regiment at Mount Elba to guard the crossing had been sent out, which, together with other similar details and one-fourth of Cabell's division to hold horses, reduced my command to less than 2,500. It is too frequently the case that all are reported as having done their whole duty, when perhaps the facts do not sustain the assertion. In this engagement I am proud to say no exaggeration or embellishment is necessary to entitle the troops under me to the entire confidence and full praise of their commanding generals. The rich fruits of the engagement show with what determination and bravery these gallant men fought. To Brigadier-Generals Cabell and Shelby, commanding divisions, and to Brigadier-General Dockery, Colonels Monroe, Shanks, and Wright, commanding brigades, I take pleasure in according the highest praise. They are well deserving of that credit and honor that attaches to brave and gallant conduct. For an account of our loss attention is called to the reports of division commanders. It does not exceed, however, 150 killed and seriously wounded.

To my staff I am indebted for material aid. My assistant adjutant-general, Captain Thomas, and my aide-de-camp, Captain Belding, who have for more than three years of struggle and was been with me, deserve again all I can say of brave and gallant officers. Major Duval, quartermaster; Major Fall, commissary of subsistence; Major John D. Adams, Captain Anderson, and Lieutenant Gause, volunteer aides-de-camp; Major Rapley and Captain W. F. Bourne, acting assistant inspector-generals, were active throughout the engagement in the discharge of important duties. I take pleasure in thanking Colonel C. J. Turnbull for valuable assistance rendered me on the expedition, as well as for his daring and gallant conduct on the field. He is an officer of high merit. This report could be continued at much length in mention of individual daring and gallantry during the engagement, but where every one discharged his

