
to them intentions of the department commander concerning them. They then told me they would come into the canon at a point higher up. I resumed my march, and at 4 p. m. encamped in a wide bottom each side of the canon being about 300 yards from my camp, and the estimated of the sides 1,000 feet. The distance marched this day I estimated at 18 miles, and over a good trail.

The Indians in the mean time had followed my line of march, and soon camber into camp in large numbers, and were disposed of in such manner as to prevent injury to my command should they prove treacherous. That night I counted 150 full-grown Indians in my camp, besides many children. I informed them of the humane intentions of the department commander concerning them, and that a full and complete submission to his wishes was required, and that under no other circumstances would they be treated with, except as enemies to be fought. They then said they surrendered themselves to me, and would be governed by any directions I might give them and would accompany me wherever I desired, but many wished to return to their homes in the mountains to collect and bring in their families. I gave all who desired to leave free permission to do so, stating to them that within ten days they must report themselves with their families at Fort Canby. They seemed well pleased, and many left stating that within the time indicated they would comply with my directions. On the morning of the 17th instant I resumed my march and marched about 2 miles in the canon, when I commenced the ascent to gain the table-land on the south side of the canon, by the only practicable trail leading out of this branch. The trail was very difficult, and found it necessary to unpack my mules in order to enable them to go up the trail the men carrying the loads. After leaving the east opening of the canon, I marched in a direct line for this post over a broken country covered with pine and pinon, very little grass, and no water. Snow from 6 to 8 inches deep, making it hard marching for the men. Encamped at 4.30 p. m. in large, open bottom; very good grass, but no water. The distance traveled about 20 miles. On the 15th instant I resumed by march, and at 3 p. m. arrived at this post. My route the first 10 miles was through pine forest, the snow from 1 foot to 18 inches deep, and covered with a broken crust not sufficiently hard to bear u the weight of a man, which made the marching exceedingly hard. No water on the line of march until I arrived at a point known as Ewell's hay camp, about 10 miles from the post, when grass and water are abundant.

I have the honor to state I brought into this post 105 full-grown Navajo Indian prisoners besides come children and since my arrival they have been coming in parties of from 3 to 10 following up my line of march. In marching thorough this canon, celebrated for its length and depth and for being an almost impregnable stronghold of the Navajoes, I made such observation as my limited time and duties would permit. The main canon commences on the west of the Pueblo Colorado Mountains, and runs almost due east, with one short side canon on the south and two on the north. The average with of this I estimated at about 800 yards, and no permanent water within 2 1/2 miles of its mouth, and no land which has ever been cultivated. At the point where the main canon branches the streams of the north and south canons unite, and seem to be permanent. I was informed by all the Indians I questioned that south branch.

