
moment the command to charge was given to the close of the fight. Both officers and men behaved with the greatest coolness and with the greatest gallantry. It would be doing wrong to particularize when every one did so nobly. I must mention, however, the gallant conduct of Colonels Monroe, Gordon, Trader, and Morgan; also Majors Harrell, Reiff, Arrington, and Portis, and Lieutenant-Colonels O'Neil, Fayth, and Bull, of Cabell's brigade. Colonel Hill, although not engaged, did great service with his command in getting the train off the field. Colonel Crawford, commanding brigade, acted with the greatest gallantry. I refer you to his report in reference to his officers.

The enemy's strength was about 2,500 men, from all the information I could get-1,500 negroes and about 1,000 white troops, with four pieces of artillery. The number of killed of the enemy was very great, especially among the negroes. You could track our troops by the dead bodies lying on the ground. I estimated his loss, from what I saw and heard from reliable officers, as follows: Killed-negroes, 450; Indians, 7; white troops, 30; total, 487. No estimate of wounded can be made.

Morgan's regiment, which was stationed on the Camden road east of the battle-ground, killed at least 80 negroes and captured 35 prisoners. My whole command captured 62 prisoners-58 white troops and 4 negroes.

My staff officers-Major Duffy, inspector-general; Captain King, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. John H. Carroll; Lieutenant W. J. Tyus, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Carlton and Inks, acting aides-de-camp, and Captain Ballos, quartermaster-deserve especial mention for their gallantry on the field.

Captain Hughey with his officers and men deserve especial mention for the skillful manner with which they handled their guns.

In conclusion, I ask to be allowed to bear testimony to the gallantry displayed not only by my own command of Arkansas troops, but to that of the Missouri, Texas, and Choctaw troops. I never did see troops display more gallantry and more kindly feelings toward each other. I would also state that I captured a stand of colors belonging to the negro regiment. I gave it to an officer to carry it to the rear, but have not been able to find either the officer or the colors since.

I regret the loss of several brave and good soldiers. My whole loss was as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Cabell's brigade	 6	 35	 1

Crawford's brigade	 2	 7	 ---

Total	 8	 42	 1

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major OCHILTREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Maxey's Division.

