
HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BRIGADE, May 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division in the battle of Marks' Mills on the 25th of last month, being a portion of Fagan's division, which, together with Shelby's command, formed a command to operate east of the Ouachita River:

On the 23rd, General Dockery was ordered to report to me, and I to command a division composed of Cabell's and Dockery's brigades. On the morning of the 25th, while marching to the road leading from Chanbersville to Mount Elba, it was reported that a train of wagons belonging to the enemy, escorted by a large force, was moving from that place toward Mount Elba. The order of march that morning was, Shelby's division in front and Cabell's division in rear, Dockery's brigade, of Cabell's division, being rear guard to the whole command, and marched in rear of the wagons and ambulances. After getting in the neighborhood of the train General Shelby was ordered on the road leading toward Mount Elba to intercept the train and to attack in front and in the rear. Cabell's brigade moved up to the road leading direct to Marks' Mills. After detaching Hill's regiment and one company of Monroe's regiment and sending them to ascertain if there was any enemy on our left flank, in moving down the Marks' Mills road the enemy's pickets were soon encountered, and it was definitely known that the train was moving rapidly toward Mount Elba. I at once formed Monroe's regiment, of Cabell's brigade, in line of battle, dismounted them, and Colonel Monroe by my order threw out two companies rapidly as skirmishers and drove them back until I could dismount Cabell's brigade and form it into line of battle. This was done, Gunter's command, composed of his battalion and Pettus' battalion of State troops, on the right, Monroe's regiment on his left, and Morgan's regiment on Monroe's left, crossing the road, Gordon's regiment acting as a support to the battery, which was planted to sweep the road. Skirmishers were thrown out in front of our whole line, and were engaged all the time with those of the enemy. As soon as I commenced forming line of battle I sent my aid to General Dockery to hasten forward with his command. General Fagan being present ordered me to command Cabell's brigade and all the troops in my front, and that he would give General Dockery, I sent to General Fagan and informed him of my position, which was moving, and which could be distinctly heard. I received orders to "move rapidly forward and attack the train." This order was promptly obeyed, and my whole line of skirmishers and all excepting two companies of skirmishers under Colonel Monroe, who were heavily engaged with the enemy, who were forming line of battle on my left, moved forward rapidly under a tremendous fire, driving him through the train and beyond it some 300 or 400 yards until they were completely routed, throwing down their arms and giving themselves up as prisoners. These men were captured by General Shelby's command, who were moving rapidly in their rear. Hearing heavy firing on my left flank and rear, I halted my men, formed line, and marched to the rear in line of battle, and moved forward in line to aid Colonel Monroe, who was fighting at least

