
1,500 infantry and a battery of artillery, which was posted in the road about 100 yards above a house, which was also filled with infantry. As fast as each regiment came into position it became heavily engaged with the enemy.

At this time Captain Hughey's battery of artillery was firing rapidly, and, from the movements of the enemy's lines, was evidently doing terrible work, nad continued to fire grape and canister into the enemy's battery, which was about 400 yards in advance, until nearly all the horses and a good many of the cannoneers were killed. The musketry firing was terrible. Notwithstanding this terrible fire Cabell's brigade stood for an hour and a half without any assistance.

The brigade suffered here terribly, and some of its best officers and men were killed and many wounded. After this General Dockery's command came up on the left of Cabell's brigade and attacked the enemy vigorously, supported by Hill's regiment, of Cabell's brigade. I charged the enemy (about that time I heard two pieces of artillery, and I knew the gallant Shelby was coming to my relief) and drove him into the house and through the train, capturing 2 pieces of artillery and over 200 prisoners. (See Colonels Gordon, Monroe, Morgan, and Gunter's reports, which are respectfully submitted.) The train was then completely in our possession. The enemy, however, returned some distance higher up the road to our left and attempted to recapture the train by taking advantage of the confusion of the troops owing to the commingling of commands. Two regiments of Shelby's arrived. I immediately formed line of battle with Cabell's brigade and threw Shelby's two regiments as mounted men on my right and moved rapidly toward the enemy.

The firing at once became general and very heavy. My men continued to advance steadily, notwithstanding the heavy fire, and routed them the third time, and continued the pursuit until they were driven more than a mile beyond the rear of the train, when I halted the footmen and sent a cavalry regiment in pursuit, who captured many prisoners.

No report has been furnished by General Dockery with reference to the part his brigade took in the action; besides, I did not consider him under my control after the brigadier-general commanding informed me that he would carry them into action.

The killed and wounded of Cabell's brigade show how stubborn the enemy was and how reluctantly they gave up the train. Men never fought better. They whipped the best infantry regiments that the enemy had (old veterans, as they were called), and then in numbers superior to them.

It would be invidious to particularize any regiment when all fought, both officers and men, with gallantry and with such daring. Three different positions were taken; three different lines of battle formed by this brigade, and each time they drove the foul invader off with terrific slaughter. It is not detracting from my command to say that this brigade bore the brunt of the fight. For five hours it poured a deadly fire into the enemy's ranks. At the same time it was subjected to a fire from the enemy that has carried sorrow to many a family.

Colonels Monroe, Gordon, Morgan, Pettus, and Hill; Lieutenant-Colonels Basham (who was wounded), Bull, Harrell, Fayth; also Majors Reiff, Portis, and Adams, deserve great credit for daring and

