
intrepidity, as well as the faithful discharge of duty during the fight. The brave Lieutenant-Colonel O'Neil, of Monroe's regiment, fell at the front urging his men forward. Colonel Pettus fell mortally wounded while gallantly urging the men forward. Many officers and men fell that day who have left proud names of their State and friends to cherish.

This brigade here, as it did at the Poison Spring, charged the enemy with an intrepidity unknown, and bore the brunt of the fight, as it did there.

The conduct of this brigade, although sadness was sent to many a happy home, will never be forgotten. A grateful people will reward it for its heroism, and will mingle their tears with those of the survivors for those who fell on that bloody field.

It is with great pleasure that I am able to bear testimony to the gallantry of the Missouri troops and their gallant leader, General Shelby, and to the perfect harmony which characterized their every move with the Arkansas troops.

I also wish to return my thanks to Captains Belding and Thomas, of General Fagan's staff, and to Lieutenant Field, of my own staff, for their assistance. To Captain Belding and Lieutenant Field, both of whom exposed themselves regardless of all danger, I am particularly indebted for their assistance at a most critical moment. Lieutenant Field was seriously wounded.

My staff-officers-Major Duffy, inspector-general; Captain King, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Inks aide; Lieutenant Carlton, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Tyus, acting assistant adjutant-general; also, Dr. Carroll, brigade surgeon-acted with great gallantry and gave me great assistance. Lieutenant Field, who was wounded, was noted for his daring and intrepidity.

Captain Hughey and his battery deserve especial mention for their gallantry and for their successful practice. The number of the enemy's killed I estimate at 150; wounded, 300; prisoners, 1,300.

The number of prisoners captured by my command was nearly 500, including Colonel Drake, the Federal commanding officer. Exact number not known. Number of pieces of artillery, 4. The following is my loss, viz:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Cabell's brigade	 31	 62	 93

Dockery's brigade	 10 	 40	 50

Total	 41	 102	 143

This embraces only wounded in hospitals. The slightly wounded would increase the number of wounded to over 200 in Cabell's brigade alone.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain WYATT C. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fagan's Division.

