
No. 53. Report of Colonel James C. Monroe, First Arkansas Cavalry, of action at Marks' Mills.
HEADQUARTERS MONROE'S REGIMENT,In the Field, May 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action at Marks' Mills on the 25th ultimo: On the morning of the 25th, my regiment was marching immediately in rear of General Fagan's escort, and when within about 1 1/2 miles of the battle-field the escort was fired into. I immediately formed line of battle to the right of the road, dismounted, threw out two companies as skirmishers, and pushed forward. When about 80 yards from my horses my skirmishers engaged the skirmishers of the enemy and drove them steadily back to their main force. In the mean time General Cabell came up with the brigade and swung his left around and was marching in the direction the wagon train was traveling, when the enemy charged my line of skirmishers with an overwhelming force. I disputed every foot of ground, but was forced slowly back until General Cabel changed his front and moved up to my relief. At this time the whole regiment became engaged, and the enemy were driven back upon their battery and reserves, at which place a desperate fight ensued until my ammunition gave out. The firing on my part was then very slow for fifteen or twenty minutes, when I received a fresh supply of ammunition. I then opened upon them and pressed forward, when the enemy left their battery and moved to their left and took refuge in a house and among the wagons. Morgan and myself pressed forward after the enemy, leaving the battery to our left, and at the house above mentioned we captured about 100 prisoners. I formed them, placed a guard over them, with orders to take them to the rear. My regiment was at this stage of the fight very much disorganized or scattered. I reformed the regiment and pursued the enemy until the fight closed. After Cabell's brigade passed the battery several men who were worn out stopped to rest at the battery, when General Dockery's men came up, took them prisoners, and took possession of the battery.

My casualties are as follows: Killed, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 lieutenant, 1 sergeant, and 10 men; wounded, 1 captain, 2 sergeants, and 20 men; 13 killed, 23 wounded; 36 killed and wounded.

Respectfully,

J. C. MONROE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major JOHN KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 54. Report of Colonel T. J. Morgan, Second Arkansas Cavalry, of action at Marks' Mills.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS REGIMENT,Camp in the Field, May 2, 1864.

MAJOR: The part taken by my regiment in the engagement at Marks' Mills on the 25th ultimo was as follows: When we arrived

