
near the battle-ground we were ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to dismount and form a line of battle afoot on the left of the road (name of road not known), and were further ordered to move up on a line with Colonel Monroe's regiment. After joining my right with Colonel Monroe's left on the road we moved forward, having thrown out skirmishers. Our skirmishers soon engaged those of the enemy and drove them back. About a mile from where we dismounted we came up with the front wagons of the enemy's train, and under a heavy fire my regiment gallantly charged upon the train and assisted in killing a number of horses and mules, which caused the train to come to a halt. We were then ordered to face about and engage the enemy, who appeared to be moving up in our rear. We found them about 300 yards from where we were ordered to face about, strongly posted on an elevated point with a section of artillery.

We moved up to within 150 yards of the section of artillery and engaged them for about one hour and a half. We suffered considerable from the grape and shell of the enemy, but finally succeeded, with other regiments of the brigade, in driving them back and in capturing the enemy's artillery. A considerable number of the enemy took shelter under a house to the right of my regiment. We attached them vigorously, and about 40 or 50 of them, including Colonel Drake, commanding the enemy's forces, who had been severely wounded, surrendered at the same time. Re-enforcements came up and we were compelled to fall back.

Again rallying my men, we poured another heavy fire into them, and about 100 more of the enemy surrendered. This closed the fight at this point, and we were then moved up to the assistance of General Dockery and drove the enemy before us down the Camden and Pine Bluff road to the enemy's hospital, where we were ordered to halt and form the regiment in line of battle in the apple orchard near the hospital. The fight closed here and we were withdrawn from the field.

It would be invidious for me to speak of the gallantry of any one officer in my regiment. They all did their duty. There were about 130 of my men in the fight.

We lost in killed 2, wounded 21, several of them mortally. Being entirely ignorant of the topography of the battle-field, I cannot give an accurate report.

I am, major, very respectfully,

T. J. MORGAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JOHN KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 55. Report of Colonel A. Gordon, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, of action at Marks' Mills.

Harrell's battalion was on picket. After the enemy was routed, and I had passed the enemy's battery with most of my command, General Dockery's command came up and took William Morrison

