
and Lieutenant Wilson, of my command, and Colonel [Drake] prisoners, and claim to have taken the battery long after I had passed it.

I had 117 men in fight, and 24 killed and wounded.*

Respectfully,

A. GORDON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major JOHN KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 56. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Gunter, Arkansas Battalion, of action at Marks' Mills.

CAMP NEAR LEWISVILLE, May 5, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to Special Orders, No.-, requiring a report of the part my command took in the action of Marks' Mills on April 25, 1864, I have the honor to report the following: On learning the locality from Camden to Pine Bluff and formed line of battle parallel with the road. I threw forward my skirmishers and immediately advanced toward the road, dressing on Colonel Monroe, who was on my left. My skirmishers here engaged a part of the enemy's train, which was endeavoring to escape in the direction of the mills or Pine Bluff. I immediately charged, capturing the train in my front and killing 3 negroes and 1 white man. I was then ordered to face by the rear rank and to move briskly in the direction of the main force of the enemy, which I did, Colonel Monroe now on my right. The engagement soon became general and desperate along the entire line of our brigade. I moved forward slowly, my right resting near the road then occupied by Captain Hughey's battery in the direction of the cabin on the hill, which was then occupied by the enemy, advising my men to take all advantages afforded them, the enemy having the superior position. After about one hour's hard fighting I moved forward, taking the cabin, 17 prisoners, and 2 pieces of artillery, which were in position near the cabin mentioned. After placing the prisoners in charge of one of my lieutenants, I moved forward in the direction of the large double house which stood north of east of small cabin. On reaching the house I found the enemy had surrendered in and about that locality. My command being scattered I reformed and moved on road in the direction of Camden. My men being much fatigued I failed to reach the last engagement. During the action I lost 1 lieutenant and 4 men killed, and 23 wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Pettus mortally, who has since died, 9 others severely wounded, the remainder slight. The officers and men of my command conducted themselves well during the action. Lieutenant-Colonel Pettus behaved in the most gallant manner, and rendered me material aid up to the time he was wounded. To particularize further would do injustice where all did so well.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. GUNTER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Battalion and State Troops.

Major JOHN KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list shows 4 men killed, 4 officers (Captain J. P. Moody, Adjt. A. J. Quindley, and Lieutenant J. L. Lewis, Company E, and Lieutenant Lewis, Company I) and 15 men wounded.

---------------

