
No. 57. Report of Colonel William A. Crawford, Arkansas Cavalry, commanding brigade, of engagement at Poison Spring.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,In the Field, April 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part enacted by the troops of my brigade in the engagement with the enemy at Poison Spring on the 18th instant: A portion of my brigade, consisting of Crawford's and Wright's regiments and Poe's battalion, were dismounted and placed on the right of General Cabell's brigade as a support for Hughey's battery. The Second Arkansas Cavalry, Captain Tebbs commanding, were placed (mounted) on the extreme right to protect the flank. Skirmishers were placed in my front, who kept up a brisk and successful fire. I remained so placed until I was ordered forward by Brigadier-General Cabell, commanding division. My command moved rapidly and steadily forward, firing volley upon volley at the fleeing foe. The Second Arkansas Cavalry charged them on horseback, and men and officers acted well, capturing two pieces of the enemy's artillery. Captain Snell, of this regiment, deserves especial notice, and Captain Tebbs acted like a hero until he was wounded and carried from the field. My dismounted men pursued rapidly the enemy for 2 1/2 miles, shouting and huzzaing, and bringing back with them four pieces of artillery that had been captured from the enemy. All, every officer and soldier, fought like men, and deserve much credit. The casualties in the brigade were 1 man killed and 7 wounded. I am much indebted to Captains Warren, McFarland, McCabe, and Lieutenant Webb, of my staff, for their valuable services. They discharged well their duties and acted most gallantly.

Very respectfully,

W. A. CRAWFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 58. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. Churchill, C. S. Army, commanding division, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Camden, Ark., May 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I herewith submit the following report of the part taken by my division, consisting of the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Tappan, Hawthorn, and Colonel Gause, and Dockery's dismounted troops, numbering in all about 2,000 muskets, in the action of the 30th ultimo at Jenkins' Ferry: On the morning of the 29th ultimo I was ordered to moved forward, and made a forced march of 27 miles, reaching camp at dark. I received orders to resume the march at 12 o'clock that night. At the appointed hour I was again in motion, and continued to move through a furious storm of rain and through

