
in the main canon, and from the point where the north and south braces separate, to the only practicable point of exit I estimated at 22 miles. From the point where the north and south canons branch the average width of the south canon was about 600 yards, though at some points is it more than 50 yards in width, and the estimated

height of the sides from 1,000 to 1,500 feet of perpendicular, and in many cases overhanging, rocks. The number of side canons on the south are three and on the north five which do not, as far as I could observe, extend more than about 1,000 yards on the south but the branches are much longer. At points in this branch of the canon where it widens I saw signs of extensive cultivation of both wheat and corn. The water appears to be permanent, and from the signs which I observed in spring time a large amount of water must flow through this canon. The only timber growing in this branch is cotton-wood and box-elder. This canon is practicable for wagons to the point where the trail commences a distance of about 22 miles from the west end. I have the honor to inclose herewith views* of the east end and west openings, and a view* at my camp 18 miles from the west opening, executed by Sergeant Van Reen, of Company C, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers.

To the officers and men of the command are due my thanks for the manner in which they performed their duties while under my orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CAREY,

Captain, Thirteenth Infantry, Commanding Scouts.

Lieutenant L. G. MURPHY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Navajo Expedition.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. Q. M. NAVAJO EXPEDITION,

Fort Canby, N. Mex., January 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor report that on the 17th instant the party at the express station at Ojo del Oso, under charge of Sergt. J. Martin Bird, Company K, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, attacked and dispersed 21 Navajo Indians, and captured 6 of the party. The 6 prisoners were turned over to Lieutenant Bishop, who passed the station shortly after the capture, to be taken to Fort Wingate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CAREY,

Captain, Thirteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Quartermaster.

First Lieutenant L. G. MURPHY,

First Cav., New Mexico Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

JANUARY 8-9, 1864.- Bombardment of Confederate works at the month of Caney Bayou, Tex.

Report of Colonel A. Buchel, First Texas Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Camp near P. McNeil's Farm, January 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 8th instant, at about 11 o'clock, a Federal gun-boat commenced shelling our works at the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

