
mud ankle deep, until we overtook the enemy, about 7.30 a.m. At 8 a.m. I was ordered to deploy one of my brigades, under Brigadier-General Tappan, as skirmishers, and to move rapidly forward. The order was obeyed, but in a few minutes a second order countermanding the first was received ordering the deployment of only two regiments and the holding of the third regiment in reserve. The second order was in turn superseded by a third, which directed that only one regiment should be thrown out as skirmishers. It gives me pleasure to say that the above orders were all promptly executed. By this time my skirmishers were hotly engaged, and were in turn hotly pressed by the enemy. The two regiments which had been held in reserve were now pushed rapidly forward to their support, and never did troops move more eagerly or more handsomely to the charge. Like veterans they moved steadily forward across an open field, undaunted by a most destructive fire, with which the enemy met their advance. Seeing that I was outnumbered, I ordered Brigadier-General Hawthorn with his brigade to the support of Brigadier-General Tappan, and gallantly did he come to the rescue. The firing, now incessant, was terrific, and the struggle was desperate beyond description. Still our brave and fearless troops maintained their ground and drove the enemy before them; but he was again heavily re-enforced, and being overpowered we slowly and stubbornly yielded the ground, inch by inch, after two hours of severest fighting I ever witnessed. The division under command of Brigadier-General Parsons came up, and forming one brigade upon the right and the other upon the left of Colonel Gause's brigade, which had been held in reserve, the whole line thus formed moved to the support of the two brigades in front. The battle raged with the greatest fury along our entire line, and the roar of the musketry was almost deafening. Nothing could surpass the valor and courage of our troops. They dashed forward with an impetuosity and fearlessness unsurpassed in this war, and it was not until their ammunition was exhausted that they were withdrawn.

At this time Major-General Walker arrived upon the field with his division and was thrown into the action. After a short respite my division was ordered to move to his support. With eagerness and alacrity they once more rushed to the conflict, when the enemy broke and fled, leaving us the proud victors of the battle-field. Too much praise cannot be given to the private soldier, for if any one deserves the thanks of a grateful people it is the soldier in the ranks. I have to mourn the loss of many brave and gallant officers, who, although fallen, will live in the memories of us all.

The dismounted troops of Brigadier-General Dockery's brigade were detached from my division early in the action, and reported to Major Douglas, of General Smith's staff. They were posted across the creek and engaged the enemy on that part of their lines. In the engagement I had 64 killed and 270 wounded.

My thanks are due to Brigadier-General Tappan and Hawthorn and to Colonel Gause for the promptitude with which they executed all my orders, and for the skillful and masterly manner in which they handled their brigades. They were ever seen in the thickest of the fight cheering on their men to victory.

The following members of my staff-Major W. W. Dunlap, chief of artillery; Major H. M. Clark, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant A. H. Sevier, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. L. Thomas, paymaster, and volunteer aides Colonel John W. Polk, Captain C. E. Roys-

