
ton and Captain C. J. Hanks-behaved with distinguished gallantry, were alike reckless of life danger, and seemed rather to court death than to avoid it. To my chief surgeon, Dr. W. M. McPheeters, I am especially indebted for the prompt and faithful unceasing attention to the wounded none were left uncared for. To my chief quartermaster, Major C. B. Moore; chief commissary of subsistence, Major J. R. Upshaw; and ordnance officer, Captain C. E. Kidder, I am indebted for many valuable services, and for the promptness with which the command was supplied with forage, supplies, and ammunition.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 59. Report of Brigadier General James c. Tappan, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HDQRS. TAPPAN'S Brigadier, CHURCHILL'S DIV.,In the Field, My 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the engagement which occurred on April 30 at Jenkins' Ferry, on Saline River, some 45 miles from Little Rock, Ark.: When we returned from Louisiana the enemy occupied Camden. They evacuated it on the night of April 26, and our forces took possession of it the next day. Thursday morning we crossed the river at Camden in pursuit of the enemy. Owing to the delay in crossing we only went 14 miles that day. we continued the pursuit on Friday, marching some 25 miles, and within 12 miles of Jenkins' Ferry. At 12 o'clock that night we resumed our march and continued it until we arrived within a mile of the Saline Bottom, when we halted and built fires to warm and dry the men. It had rained Friday evening and nearly all that night. The men were very wet and the roads quite muddy.

My brigade consisted of Grinsted's regiment, commanded by Colonel H. L. Grinsted; Dawson's and Portlock's (consolidated) regiments, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Hardy, and Shaver's and Gaither's (consolidated) regiments, commanded by Colonel R. G. Shaver. We had hardly finished building fires before we were ordered to advance. By this time the cavalry skirmishers had engaged those of the enemy. On reaching the brow of the hill, at the edge of the bottom, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Churchill, commanding the division, to deploy my brigade as skirmishers and to move forward at once and attack the enemy, who were posted in our front from a half to three-quarters of a mile. I instantly did as directed, selecting one company from each regiment as a reserve. As I was forming the line a subsequent order directed me to select Grinsted's

51 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

