
regiment also as a reserve, which I did. I immediately moved forward with the other two regiments. We passed through a field about 400 yards long, then a skirt of woods about 300 yards wide, and came to another field about 300 yards long. As we reached the end of this field the enemy commenced firing upon us. I advanced rapidly upon the, my line being so arranged that Lieutenant-Colonel Hardy's command was thrown into the field, with Colonel Shaver's command on his right, his left reaching to the edge of the field. The enemy's skirmishers were posted on a line about the center of the field, their line of battle in the woods at the end of the same. My command drove in their skirmishers and became heavily and hotly engaged with their main line. Finding the force of the enemy much greater than was represented, I ordered Colonel Grinsted to move forward with his regiment to my support. As Colonel Grinsted came up to my line the enemy opened on us with an increased fire, and very heavily pressed my line. It was at this time that Colonel Grinsted was shot dead while gallantly leading his regiment forward.

I sent word to Brigadier-General Churchill of the condition of affairs, and that re-enforcements were needed to enable me to sustain my position. In a short time General Hawthorn came forward with his brigade and I formed my line on his right. Calling in my men who had been acting as skirmishers, I first engaged the enemy about 8 o'clock. From that time until Brigadier-General Hawthorn's brigade came up some half to three-quarters of an hour elapsed. About 10.30 o'clock Brigadier-General Parsons' (Missouri) division came upon the field. About 11.30 o'clock I received orders to retire with my brigade. As I went off I met Major-General Walker's (Texas) division advancing to engage the enemy. About 12.30 o'clock we returned to the field with the balance of Brigadier-General Churchill's division, and remained there heavily engaging the enemy until 1.30 o'clock, at which time the enemy fled, leaving his dead and wounded on the field and destroying his pontoon bridge after crossing the river. This ended one of the most hotly contested engagements of the war. For full six hours the battle raged with a vehemence unsurpassed, my brigade having been engaged at least five out of the six hours.

I cannot speak too highly of the gallantry and bravery of my officers and men. They never hesitated to go wherever ordered, at one time charging through an open field upon the enemy protected and posted behind logs and tress. In the death of Colonel H. L. Grinsted the army has lost a brave and gallant officer, the country a good and useful citizen. To Colonel Shaver, Lieutenant-Colonel Hardy, and Lieutenant-General Thomson, who commanded Grinsted's regiment after the fall of its colonel, I am deeply indebted for the promptness with which they obeyed my orders and for the gallantry and zeal they manifested upon the field in the management of their commands. No officers could have acted with more coolness, bravery, and determination than they did, for which they deserve well of their country.

I am under great obligations to the members of my staff, Captain Amos Tappan, Captain J. J. Horner, Lieutenant W. P. McCabe, and Lieutenant C. E. Mitchell. They bore themselves with gallantry and rendered me great assistance. The same may be said of my volunteer aides, William F. Sale and E. E. Ives, of Arkansas.

