
My loss was as follows: Three officers killed and 11 wounded; 30 men killed and 100 wounded.

I herewith send reports of Colonel Shaver and of Lieutenant-Colonels Hardy and Thomson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. TAPPAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant A. H. SEVIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 60. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Hardy, Twenty-fourth. Arkansas Infantry, commanding Nineteenth (Dawson's) and Twenty-fourth Arkansas Infantry, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS HARDY'S REGIMENT,In the Field, May 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of my regiment in the battle near Jenkins' Ferry on the 30th ultimo: My regiment was on the left of the brigade and deployed as skirmishers, with the exception of the color company, which was ordered to form part of the reserve for the brigade. After advancing a half mile or more we charged the enemy at double-quick through an open field to within 150 yards of their position in the woods behind logs and trees, and opened fire upon them at once. We held our position for over an hour under the most terrific fire, when, our ammunition being exhausted, and seeing the enemy about to flank me on the right, I ordered a retreat. My men fell back in good order to the rear, and being again formed with the brigade we marched back to the battle-field and remained until the engagement closed. My loss was 1 officer and 7 men killed and 1 officer and 17 men wounded.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. HARDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. TAPPAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 61. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas D. Thomson, Thirty-third Arkansas Infantry, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD ARKANSAS INFANTRY,Camp near Tulip, Ark., May 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report of my regiment in the engagement on the 30th ultimo near Jenkins' Ferry, on the Saline River: The regiment went into action under the command of Colonel H. L. Grinsted, and I went in as lieutenant-colonel of the regiment. Colonel Grinsted being killed early in the action the command of the regiment fell upon me. I then commanded it through the fight, which lasted about five hours and a half. My regiment was cut up considerable, so much so that I was compelled to take it out about half a mile from the field to draw a fresh supply

