
of ammunition and to rest and recruit, about the time that General Walker's division went into the action. I was not permitted to remain there long, but was ordered on the field again to support Walker's division. Major Steele took command then, I being ordered to the hospital to get up what men there that were able to go in the fight. Captain Dickson, of Company A, seeing the color-bearer shot down, gallantly raised the colors and kept them up until he was cut down by three balls. The casualties are as follows: Killed, 2 officers and 19 men; wounded, 7 officers and 64 men.

Respectfully submitted.

Yours,

T. D. THOMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. TAPPAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 62. Report of Colonel R. G. Shaver, Thirty-eighth Arkansas Infantry, commanding Twenty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Arkansas Infantry, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS SHAVER'S REGIMENT,Camp near Tulip, Ark., May 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action near Jenkins' Ferry on April 30, 1864: Our brigade was directed to form line of battle on the hill near the bottom about 8 o'clock in the morning. Directly there-after I received orders to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, being informed at the time that the regiments on my right and left would be likewise deployed as skirmishers, and that the whole line so deployed would act in concert. Soon after the order was given to advance I was notified that the order for the regiment on my right to be deployed as skirmishers had been countermanded, and that the said regiment would be held in reserve, with instructions to move to the support of that portion of the line most in need of it. I was also ordered to relieve the cavalry skirmishers in my front, who were then actively engaged with the enemy. My line of skirmishers was rapidly advanced and in good order, and I had occasion several times to restrain my men, whose ardor was carrying them in advance of the regiment on my left, which was charged with the direction of the line. We soon came up with the cavalry skirmishers, relieved them, and actively engaged the enemy's skirmishers. I still advanced my line rapidly, vigorously pressing and driving the enemy's line of skirmishers until they were forced back upon their line of battle. I pushed my line to within easy range of the enemy's line of battle, pouring into them all the time a galling fire. At this juncture I received an order to assemble my command and move to the left to the support of our troops, who were vigorously pressed by the enemy in that quarter. The order to assemble had only been partially executed when the enemy advanced his lines and forced me to suspend the move to the left. About two-thirds of my regiment had assembled and were put in position to receive the enemy. That portion of

