
the skirmishers on the right who had not yet assembled were directed to advance as rapidly as possible, and keep advancing upon the enemy's lines until they could draw their fire. While the attention of the enemy was directed to my skirmishers that portion of the regiment which had assembled now opened upon the enemy a well-directed fire and with a good effect. Their advance was checked, but their line opened [upon] us a very heavy fire.

In the mean time they were moving a considerable force to our right, which as soon as discovered I endeavored to counteract by moving my skirmishers to the right. Finding my force inadequate, i again turned my attention to the enemy in my front, and reported the fact to the brigadier-general commanding brigade, and asked to be re-enforced; otherwise I would have to fall back. I was notified that the re-enforcement would be sent as soon as the troops could reach the designated point. My men stubbornly held their ground, and not until the enemy ha flanked us both right and left was the order given to fall back. Every inch of ground was contested, and my command fell back slowly and in order until we met General Parsons' brigade. Here we were relieved by Major Pindall's battalion of sharpshooters, in consequence of having only a few rounds of ammunition left. The regiment was now assembled, and by order of the brigadier-general commanding brigade directed to move to the position where our line of battle was first formed. After resting awhile and supplying the men with ammunition we were again ordered to the front by the way of the main road. On arriving at the left of our lines I was directed to move my regiment and form it on the left of Brigadier-General Waul's brigade and act with that command. I remained with this command until the close of the battle, when I rejoined my own brigade.

I am proud to say that officers and men of my regiment did their whole duty. They were prompt, cool, and determined, and at no time more so than when opposed to overwhelming numbers with the fill knowledge of the fact. To the field and staff of my regiment I am indebted for ready, valuable, and efficient services during the engagement. I desire to make particular mention of David McCullough, sergeant of Company A, who, when my line of skirmishers was ordered to advance as near as possible to the enemy's line, with a view to draw their fire, rushed up to within a few yards of their line, shot down 1 man, captured another, and brought him off under the enemy's fire. The following were the casualties of my regiment: Four men killed, 3 officers wounded, and 19 enlisted men wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

R. G. SHAVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. TAPPAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Lucien C. Gause, Thirty-second Arkansas Infantry, commanding brigade, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS GAUSE'S BRIGADE,Camp near Camden, May 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of the brigade commanded by me in the engagement of the 30th

