
(some being entirely without), the troops still were eager to be led to the charge again. Taking up position again almost in the same place as before, we soon engaged the enemy, and after a brief action he retired, leaving us in possession of the field. By direction of General Churchill I sent a company over the field under Major Hathaway, who sent in 17 prisoners and reported the enemy gone. During the entire engagement, lasting over four hours, and in which the troops were under the heaviest and most incessant fire of musketry I ever listened to, all, both officers and men, behaved like veterans.

Too much praise cannot be accorded those men who drove the enemy's center a half mile after all support, both ont heir right and left had given way. They deserve the highest commendation for their conduct. When all acted so gallantly it is difficult, if not impossible, to point out particular instances. Colonel Davie, Lieutenant-Colonel Brooks, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hicks, commanding regiments, did their whole duty, urging their men forward in the advance and rallying them when driven back. In this they were faithfully assisted by Major Hathaway, of Davie's regiment; Major Stanley, Yell's regiment, and Captain Anthony, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain Montell, acting major, Gause's regiment. major Stanley and Captain Anthony were both wounded, the latter severely. I am particularly indebted to Lieutenant Camden and during the engagement. He was conspicuous for his gallantry, ever ready and prompt to execute orders, and deserves particular mention. I desire also to mention Captain Carter, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Ross, assistant adjutant and inspector-general, and Leroy Burrow, acting aide-de-camp, of my staff, for the promptness and energy with which they discharged their several duties. My loss is 16 killed and 67 wounded, as will be seen by reference to report* forwarded herewith. Among the killed are the gallant Captain McIver, Lieutenants Cude, Lasiter, and Ponder, all of whom fell bravely leading the men in the charge. Their loss is sad and an almost irreparable blow to their command. Braver or truer men never fell in any battle. About 2 p. m. I withdrew my brigade from the field and bivouacked on the hill on the Princeton road, and marched thence to this place.

Respectfully submitted.

L. C. GAUSE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant A. H. SEVIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 64. Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. G. P. Williams, Nineteenth (Dockery's) Arkansas Infantry, Dockery's brigade, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.

CAMP NEAR CAMDEN, ARK., May 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to your order requiring a report of the action of my command in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry I have the honor to submit the following: I carried into action nearly 400 men,

