
divided into four small detachments, commanded respectively by Captains Drewry and Etris, Major Southerland, and Lieutenant Gillespie, composing the infantry portion of Brigadier-General Dockery's brigade. Being temporarily detached from your division, I was ordered by General Smith to cross a large creek or bayou, and moved rapidly down it on the left until I engaged the enemy. I had moved about 1,000 yards when my skirmishers engaged those of the enemy, and my line continuing to advance, the engagement soon became general. After a severe contest of about thirty minutes I succeeded in driving him before me until he entirely disappeared in the under-brush. We again advanced slowly and cautiously, with desultory firing, until the engagement again became general, and lasting for about one hour, with very heavy musketry on each side; but again he was driven back and his fire virtually silenced. At this stage of the battle I was ordered by a staff officer of General Smith to withdraw my forces and recross the creek where I first entered the bottom. I fought with some advantages, my command being in the brush and thick timber, while the heaviest body of the enemy occupied the left corner of an open field across the creek, upon whom my fire was principally directed.

My officers and men who went into the fight behaved gallantly, with very few exceptions, and upon examination of the battle-ground immediately to my front satisfactory evidence was shown that our shots were well directed and very destructive to the enemy. Being again united with my division, I moved into the bottom on the right of the creek and formed in line of battle at the edge of a field and on the extreme left of the division. I had no other general engagement, though much exposed to the fire of sharpshooters, and remained in this position until the enemy withdrew and abandoned the field to our forces.

While all the commanding officers performed their duty well, I cannot refrain from noticing the action of Lieutenant Gillespie, Twelfth Battalion Sharpshooters, commanding detachment, on the field. For activity and daring he was particularly conspicuous, and I would respectfully urge that promotion could not be bestowed upon a more worthy or efficient officer. Captain Franklin, First Battalion Dismounted Cavalry, commanding a company, deserves the highest praise for his conduct. Indeed, all my commanders did well. All honor is due my adjutant, Thomas H. Simms, for his bearing and efficiency on the field, being found at all times where duty called him, regardless of danger. I cannot close this report without offering my thanks to Lieutenant Cunningham, aide-de-camp to General Smith, for the valuable services rendered me. Cool and collected, he rode in front of my line seeking favorable positions and ascertaining the whereabouts of the enemy, urging and encouraging my men to deeds of daring. Indeed, I attribute my success in great degree to his skill and good judgment, and feel that I was extremely fortunate in having the services of so brave and skillful an officer. My loss was 1 killed, 14 wounded, and 1 missing, a list of which has been previously forwarded you.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. G. P. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Infy., Dockery's Brigadier

Lieutenant A. H. SEVIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Churchill's Division.

