
Numbers 65. Report of Brigadier General Mosby M. Parsons, C. S. Army, commanding division, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS PARSONS' DIVISION,Camp Harris, May 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, on Saline River, Ark., on April 30, 1864: Leaving my bivouac, 6 miles north of Princeton, at 1 a. m. on the 30th, I marched with my division on the road leading to the ferry, along which the Federal army, under Major-General Steele, had retired the evening previous. The night was dark and cloudy, and the roads having been cut up by the enemy's trains after a hard rain the previous evening, rendered the march tedious and fatiguing. Just after daybreak the rain commenced and fell at intervals in heavy showers during the day. After arriving within about 3 miles of the ferry I was ordered to halt my division and rest it in an old field to the left of the road. Fires were being kindled by the troops for the purpose of drying their clothes when sharp volleys of musketry at the front announced that the action had begun. In a few minutes I was ordered to advance with rapidity. Arriving at the point where the road descends from the highlands to the valley of the Saline River, I was ordered to form line of battle, which was done in the following order: The First Brigade, Brigadier General John B. Clark commanding, on the right, fronting the ferry, his line deployed so as to penetrate a swamp on the right; the Second Brigade, Colonel Burns commanding, on the left, extending across the main road; Lesueur's and Ruffner's batteries on the front and center. It was no 8 a. m. To the front lay the valley extending to the ferry, 2 miles distant. To the front of the Second Brigade, and about 100 yards distant, was a plowed field about a quarter of a mile square, which was flanked on the south and east by heavy timber. Still farther to the front and about a quarter of a mile was another field of about the same dimensions as the first, was bounded on the south and east all the way to the river by heavy woods and wet marshes. The main road to the ferry ran along the north side of the fields above described, and immediately to the north of an parallel to the road ran a creek of bayou with deep, impassable banks, which were covered on the north side with thick cane and underbrush. This creek emptied into the river at the ferry. Before and while in my first line of battle the Arkansas division, Brigadier-General Churchill commanding, was seriously engaged in the second field and the woods surrounding it.

About 10 o'clock the enemy was pressing him heavily. I received orders to advance my command with all haste to his support. Moving down the main road until arriving at a strip of woods between the fields, I met with Major-General Price, who directed me to take position on General Churchill's right and to advance immediately upon the enemy. While moving through the strip of woods and passing immediately in rear of General Churchill's command I met the general himself, who stated that unless I could give him support on his center or his left he would be compelled to retire in a few minutes. I ordered General Clark to report immediately to General Churchill and take such position as he might direct. With the Second

