
month of Canye, which she continued at intervals all day. At her first fire 1 man of Company E, First Texas Cavalry, was killed. In the afternoon a transport was reported to be close in shore about 6 miles below the works, and the brigade was immediately sent to within supporting distance, where they remained all night. About noon on the 9th, the transport having early in the morning in the direction of Decrow's Point the brigade returned to camp. The gun-boat which lay at anchor off the works all night, commenced shelling them again on the 9th, firing during the day about 40 rounds. No casualties, except that previously mentioned have thus far occurred. The work during the shelling has to be discontinued, but is immediately resumed whenever the gun-boat moves off, which she frequently does. About 10 a. m. on the 9th a large transport, said to be loaded with troops, passed down in the direction of Decrow's Point about 4 p. m.; another gun-boat came to anchor near the one previously mentioned off the works and I ordered Colonel Likens with five companies of his regiment to within supporting distance, where they remained all night. One of the gun-boat having left during the night, Colonel Likens has been ordered to return to camp with his command this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain L. G. ALDRICH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Eastern Sub-division.

JANUARY 12-13, 1864.- Affair at Matamoras, Mexico.

Report of Major General, Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding forces on the Rio Grande.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., January 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of circumstances that transpired here on the night of the 12th instant:

About 8 o'clock in the evening we were started by rapid cannonading and musketry firing evidently going on in the streets of Matmoras just across the Rio Grande, which continued without cessation, and spreading over the greater portion of the town until 10 o'clock. At this hour I received the following communication from Mr. L. Pierce, jr., U. S. consul at Matamoras:

UNITED STATES CONSULATE,

Matamoras, Mexico, January 12, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Brownsville, Tex.:

GENERAL: A battle is now raging in the streets of this city between the forces of Governor Manuel Ruiz and Colonel Juan N. Cortina. My person and family are in great danger, as the road between here and the road between here and the ferry is said to be infested with robbers. I have also about $1,000,000 in specie and a large amount of other valuable property under my charge in the consulate,and from the well-known character of Cortina and his followers, I fear the city will be plundered. I therefore earnestly request that you will send a sufficient force to protect myself and property and to transport the money within the limits of the Unites States at the earliest possible moment.

I am, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. PIERCE, JR.,

U. S. Consul.

6 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

