
Brigade I moved rapidly to the right until the left came in rear of some skirmishers of Churchill's division. The Second Brigade then fronted, formed line of battle, and advanced steadily. The enemy's line was almost instantly encountered, their skirmishers firing and hastily falling back. The struggle here for awhile was stubborn and terrific. The Second Brigade, never faltering, still continued to advance with admirable firmness, pouring in the hostile ranks volley after volley with deadly precision. The enemy were rapidly driven for a quarter of a mile, when a heavy re-enforcement made a desperate assault on the right wing, which caused it to halt and hesitate.

In the mean time the enemy rallied and returned to attack on the left and center of this brigade. Then I was informed that the right wing was charged by cavalry. This I could not believe, for the timber and the swamp in which we were engaged would not admit of such an attack. I went in that direction to satisfy myself, and found it to be the attack on the right by the enemy's infantry, as above stated. While the above was transpiring on the right, our forces on the left fell back. The Second Brigade then was retiring slowly, when I received an order from Major-General Price to which place I directed the stragglers while the division was thus retiring. Orders were received to form in the valley below, and advance again to the support of General Waul, who was about to attack on the same line where General Churchill had been engaged. Advancing again in line of battle, General Clark's brigade on the right, when I arrived on the right of General Waul I notified him of my position, and our respective commands advanced. General Waul was soon engaged. I continued to advance for half a mile through he swamps and thick woods without finding the enemy, and the firing continuing very heavy to the left and rear of my left flank, I drew back my command in that direction, and ordered Colonel Burns to attack the enemy's left flank with two of his regiments. The Sixteenth Missouri (Lieutenant-Colonel Cumming) and the Eleventh Missouri (Lieutenant-Colonel Murray) with great promptness executed the maneuver, which was discovered by the enemy, who immediately ceased to contest the field and made a rapid retreat. The battle having thus ended, and after waiting for Major-General Walker to retire his troops by the rear of my line, by order my division was marched back to the highlands to bivouac for the night. My casualties are 28 killed, 124 wounded, and 6 missing. Among the killed was Lieutenant Colonel Simon Harris, of the Tenth Missouri, who fell while gallantly cheering on his regiment. In his fall the country has lost a brave and accomplished officer. Brigadier General John B. Clark was wounded in the arm while leading his brigade with his accustomed skill and daring. Colonel Burns, commanding the Second Brigade, is entitled to an honorable mention by me for the good judgment, coolness, and courage with which he handled his brigade.

Officers and men all are entitled to the thanks and admiration of their country for their patient endurance and energy in their pursuit, and for their firmness and valor in the battle which routed the enemy at Jenkins' Ferry. Officers of my staff-Major Maclean, Captain Kelly, and Captain Edwards-were with me on the field. Their energy, courage, and experience greatly contributed to the success of the day.

Captains Lesueur and Ruffner's batteries having been detached

