
I was formed on the right of Burns' brigade, and under the immediate command of the brigadier-general commanding division advanced in a new direction against the enemy. The enemy, however, having in the mean time taken flight across the river, my command did not engage him again. I returned with the division to a camp about 1 mile from the battle-field. The number of muskets in the engagement was very small; in fact, but little over one-half the effective force, consequent upon the heavy marches we had made to overtake the fleeing enemy. I carried into the engagement about 380 men; out of that number having 18 killed, 74 wounded, and 6 missing.

The Eighth Regiment, command by Colonel Charles S. Mitchell, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Smizer, Major J. W. Hill, and the Ninth Regiment, commanded by Colonel R. H. Musser, Lieutenant Colonel Richard Gaines, Major H. H. Hughes, and Ruffner's battery of four guns, composed my command.

Feeling that it would be invidious to make any distinction between the commanding officers of regiments, assisted by their other field officers, in valor, skill, and efficiency on the field, I will say that they did everything that could be expected from them. Considering the well-earned laurels they have gathered upon other battle-fields, I think I pay them the greatest compliment when I say they sustained that reputation. Lieutenant-Colonel Smizer, of the Eighth Missouri Infantry, was wounded while gallantly discharging his duty.

Captain Ruffner's battery was left on the hill when we first formed to await my orders. Receiving an order from one of General Smith's staff to send a section of his battery to the front, he sent Lieutenant Lockhart with a section, which was, unfortunately, captured by the enemy. Having no knowledge of the circumstances and the order of putting him in action, I attach his report for your consideration.

My staff discharged their duty, Lieutenant Von Phul, aide-de-camp, receiving a wound in the arm and chest, Lieutenant Waldo having his horse severely wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. CLARK, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

Major MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 67. Report of Lieutenant John O. Lockhart, Ruffner's Missouri Battery, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS RUFFNER'S BATTERY,Camp Harris, Ark., May 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by one section of Ruffners' battery under my command in the engagement with the enemy at Jenkins' Ferry on April 30, 1864: As the brigade was advancing upon the enemy the battery, which was in its rear, was detained by meeting Captain Lesueur's battery, which was coming off the field. While in this position we received on order to follow Captain Lesueur's battery, and while in the act of executing that order we received another for a lieutenant

