
Arriving at the position on the road taken up by Major-General Price, I was directed by that officer in person to file to the right and move in the direction parallel to and in rear of General Churchill's line of battle. Moving in this direction for some distance the right the brigadier-general commanding division to form the brigade in line of battle on Churchill's right, with directions, however, to allow the left regiment (Sixteenth Missouri) of my brigade to cover or lap onto the right regiment of the Arkansas division, which was then being heavily pressed by the enemy. Skirmishers from the Arkansas division being already deployed in my front, I directed Major Pindall to place his battalion of sharpshooters in line of battle on the right of the brigade, and move with it as infantry of the line. These orders were promptly obeyed, the troops moving with alacrity and spirit whenever called upon. My brigade now occupied the extreme right of our line of battle, General Clark's brigade having been detained on the left. Everything now being in readiness for action, I received and delivered the order to advance at quick time upon the enemy. We had moved forward but a short distance when we encountered a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers, who were speedily driven into their body, who opened upon us a terrific fire of musketry, which was promptly responded to from my line. The engagement now became general along our whole front. My men continued to advance, driving the enemy before them for more than a quarter of a mile, inflicting upon him serious loss.

We had now been engaged for more than an hour, advancing all the while, when suddenly the right of Churchill's division gave way, and in falling back became entangled with my left, throwing it into some confusion. This, however, was soon remedied and the men speedily rallied. At this juncture I received an order from the brigadier-general commanding division to fall back to an open field some half a mile to the rear, in order to make room for Walker's division of Texas infantry, which had just arrived upon the ground. It seems that the enemy occupied such a position that we could only engage him with one division of our forces at a time. In obedience to this order the brigade retired slowly in line of battle, fighting the enemy as we withdrew. He did not dare to pursue more than 150 yards.

Having retired to the field indicated and rested in line of battle for some ten minutes, I was again ordered to move forward and support General Walker's right, then fiercely engaged, General Clark's brigade having in the mean time been formed on my right. The whole division moved forward at quick time for about half a mile,w hen my left joined the right of Walker's division, which was slowly falling back, followed by the enemy. I was here directed by the brigadier-general commanding division to detach two of my regiments and flank the enemy on the left. I immediately ordered the Sixteenth Missouri, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Cumming, and the Eleventh Missouri, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Murray (the two left regiments of the brigade), to change front forward on the tenth company and occupy a position in front of and at right angels with the right of Walker's division. This moment was promptly executed by the commanders of these two regiments. Here was the turning point of the battle. The enemy perceiving himself flanked on his left immediately ceased firing and retired from the field in great disorder. After remaining on the field for

