
forwarded. It would undoubtedly have been much greater but for the thickness and size of the timber where we fought, as I never witnessed heavier musketry in my life.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. BURNS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Missouri Brigadier, Parsons' Division.

Captain AUSTIN M. STANDISH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Parsons' Division.

Numbers 69. Report of Captain A. A. Lesueur, Missouri Battery, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.

CAMP HARRIS, ARK., May 7, 1864.

I herewith report the part my battery took in the engagement of April 30, 1864, at Jenkins' Ferry: On arriving, at 8 a. m., near the battle-field I was ordered by a staff officer to report to General Marmaduke, who was on the left of General Churchill's division. General Marmaduke ordered me into position in a field on the right of the road leading to Jenkins' Ferry. Owing to the heavy rains the ground was very miry, and it was with much difficulty that my pieces were placed in battery. As soon as my guns were in battery I opened fire with my two 6-pounders, my howitzers being so much sunk in the mud as to prevent their use. After firing some 15 rounds the infantry support on my right gave way, and on my reporting the fact to General Marmaduke he ordered me to withdraw my battery and to take position on a hill some half a mile in rear of my then position. I remained in that position until the engagement was over, when I rejoined my brigade in camp. My loss in the engagement was 1 man slightly wounded and 5 horses killed and disabled.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. A. LESUEUR,

Captain, Commanding Missouri Light Battery, Second Brigade.

Lieutenant MORRISON,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier Missouri Infy., Parsons' Div.

Numbers 70. Report of Brigadier General Thomas N. Waul, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, Walker's division, of engagement at Jenkins' Ferry.

CAMDEN, ARK., May 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the action taken by the brigade under my command at the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, on the Saline, Ark., on Saturday, April 30, 1864: We left our bivouac at 2.30 a. m., 22 miles from the ferry, and marched at a rapid step, through incessant and heavy showers of rain, the roads, covered with mud and water, until 10.30 a. m., when we reached the field of contest.

By order of the lieutenant-general commanding the department this

