
brigade was placed in reserve and formed in line of battle about half a mile from the scene of an engagement then progressing between the enemy's forces and the Missouri and Arkansas troops under command of Major-General Price. By order of the lieutenant-general commanding the brigade was immediately marched toward the enemy, meeting in its advance General Price and command, who had withdrawn from the field. Throwing forward a battalion of skirmishers into a skirt of timber fronting the enemy's position, I discovered his skirmisher rapidly advancing, driving in the rear guard of our retiring troops, and the enemy moving in line of battle across a field that intervened between the timber and his breastworks. After a brisk ire between my skirmishers and the enemy's they were driven in upon their main line, which rapidly fell back to cover in the timber behind logs, rails, and other temporary defenses. The position of the enemy, so far as I could learn from information obtained on the field and personal observation, was this: Their principal line, concealed and protected by fallen timber and other hastily constructed defenses and the banks of a slough, commanded the only direct approach through an open field in front. They had also a strong force nearly at right angles with the right of their main line, in position under the high banks of a deep bayou that skirts the Jenkins' Ferry road, directly on the edge of the field and commanding the left flank, and enfilading any force that might enter the field in front of the main line. The enemy's left extended a considerable distance beyond the field, forming an obtuse angle, inclining toward our right and commanding a large portion of the field.

The brigade advanced under a continuous and destructive fire to the center of the field, when it was opened upon by incessant volleys from the force posted on their left flank, sweeping along and enfilading the right half of the brigade. At the same time a cross-fire from the enemy's left,t hen advancing, threatened to envelop us in a sheet of flame. The brigade maintained its position gallantly, returning the enemy's fire and effectively checking the advance of his left. In a few minutes the increased and rapid discharge of small-arms satisfied me that the other two brigades of Walker's division were approaching and warmly engaging the enemy's left, then the critical and dangerous point for our forces. Forming upon my right in the woods we immediately prepared to charge along the whole line. In a very short time, and before the command could be extended, Generals Scurry and Randal fell mortally wounded and were borne from the field. The time consumed and confusion incident upon a change of commanders prevented the immediate execution of the charge. My brigade still occupied the center of the field and was advancing, when in riding from the left to the right I found the right falling back under orders. In obeying the order the brigade moved with deliberation and in good order, halting at the edge of the field, so as to command it and protect any wounded that might have accidentally been left, and prevent their mutilation and murder, which the barbarity of the enemy had inflicted on some who had been left on the field in the conflict before our arrival.

Upon search being made, and learning that all of our wounded were removed, we retained our position, so as to command the field. The rest of the day the brigade was under the immediate supervision and direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, who by his presence and exposure animated and encouraged the troops until the

52 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

