
retreat of the enemy. About 4 p. m., the enemy having retired and the contest closed, being much weakened from loss of blood, I withdrew from the field.

When we consider the heavy marching and exposure of the men tot he rain and mud for days preceding the fight, the rapidity of the day's march, and the disadvantage of a position that seemed without remedy, their conduct was worthy of all praise.

The serious loss in officers and men, the fall of the gallant and daring Scurry and Randal, the only general officers from Texas, save myself, on the field, fully sustain the well-earned reputation of the troops from that State. I would specially commend the conduct of Colonel Overton Young, commanding the Eighth [Twelfth] Regiment Texas Infantry; as at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill, he behaved courageously and coolly, managing his regiment with great skill and exhibiting much fitness for command. Severely wounded, his loss would be a great one to the service should he be unable to again take the field. I earnestly recommend him for promotion. Colonel Watson, a brave and excellent officer, commanding the Eighteenth Regiment Texas Infantry, was killed while gallantly leading his men. It is with great satisfaction that I acknowledge my indebtedness to Colonel Washington L. Crawford, of Texas, on the staff of Major-General Price, who after his command had been withdrawn tendered me his services. He proved himself a cool, daring, active, and efficient officer by promptly extending my orders and watching and penetrating the designs of the enemy. Surg. Edward Randall, brigade surgeon, a most skillful, attentive, and active officer, was severely wounded in the commencement of the action. Captain Adolph King, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Robert Brodnax, aide-de-camp, performed their several duties with their usual zeal and ability-the highest encomium they can receive. Indeed, the conduct of officers and men fully sustained the character their former behavior whom for them, with the additional advantages that experience has brought of being calm, cool, and collected, the officers devoting themselves to the all-important duty of holding their men in hand and subject to control.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. N. WAUL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. A. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Walker's Division.

Numbers 71. Reports of Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,In the Field, April 21, 1864.

COLONEL: On the 17th instant I received information from Colonel Colton Greene, commanding brigade, on outpost, saying that a Federal train of some 200 wagons, guarded by one regiment of cavalry, two regiment of negro infantry, and two pieces of artillery, had left Camden, taking the Washington road (old military road), presumed to be after forage. I immediately wrote General Fagan, requesting

