
him to furnish me Cabell's brigade, which with my troops (500 men of Marmaduke's brigade) marched at sunset to attack their force and train. After proceeding some 2 miles I learned that the guard had been re-enforced by one regiment of cavalry, a battalion of white infantry, and two pieces of artillery. Deeming my force too small to succeed, I ordered the troops back to camp and wrote to General Price, stating that 200 Federal wagons, with a guard of some 2,500 men, with five pieces of artillery, were en route on the road above mentioned to obtain forage, and would encamp that night some 16 miles from Camden, and could be intercepted and destroyed by concentrating all his available force on the same road some 14 miles from Camden by 8 a. m. the next day. The order was given.

At sunrise my command (500 men and Harris' battery of four small pieces of artillery under Colonel Greene, 300 men under Colonel Crawford, and about 1,200 men and Hughey's battery of four field pieces under Brigadier-General Cabell) marched for the point indicated. In nearing this place my scouts reported the enemy in front and returning to Camden. Finding that the enemy's advance had occupied an important position on the road at Poison Spring, I ordered my escort to press forward and drive them from the hill, which was handsomely done. Crawford's troops wee promptly brought forward to hold the hill, while General Cabell was ordered to dismount his brigade and bring it forward, with his artillery, to the position occupied by Crawford. Crawford's troops were dismounted and put in position, except a battalion under Major McMurtrey, which was ordered to my extreme right to guard and with the enemy's movements in that direction. These dispositions were promptly made. At this juncture Brigadier-General Maxey arrived with his division (a Texas and Indian brigade, some 1,200 or 1,500 men, with a Texas battery of four small pieces of artillery). As General Maxey was my senior in rank I reported to him for orders. he replied that as I had put on foot the expedition of the troops and the fight. I then suggested that his whole force be dismounted and placed on the left, his division forming a line nearly at a right angle with my line, which was perpendicular to and across the main road to Camden. Maxey's division was put in position accordingly, his Texas brigade on his right with his battery of artillery. Major Wood with his battalion (about 300 men, General Price's escort) soon came up. I ordered it to be dismounted and put in line on my extreme infantry right. Colonel Greene soon reported his command near at hand. I ordered it to remain mounted about 1 miles to the rear while the whole force was getting into position.

My plan of battle was for Maxey's division to move forward (his extreme left moving up rapidly) to engage and turn the enemy's right flank, and when this force was warmly engaged to open rapidly with the artillery in front, Harris' battery, Greene's brigade, having been brought up, eighth pieces, and under the cover of this fire to charge the enemy's line in front. As soon as Maxey's troops were put in motion I ordered up Greene's command dismounted as a close support for Cabell's left or Maxey's right. This plan of battle was accordingly executed. In fifteen minutes after the whole force was put in motion the enemy was routed, making but slight resistance afterward. The conduct of both officers and men was admirable. Without bayonets, any of them badly armed, most of the indifferently drilled, they charged in splendid style through an open field

