
Within a very few moments the following from Governor Manuel Ruiz was handed me:

MATAMORAS, January 12, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General F. J. HERRON:

SIR: The forces commanded by Colonel Cortina have attacked my position in this place. As this town is very extensive. I cannot protect all, nor guarantee the U. S. consulate and the large property of American citizens, of different nations living in this town. For this reason I shall endeavor to repulse the enemy and ask you the favor to send some troops over to guard and protect the said property, which it is impossible for me to protect. I ask you, general, to take this application of mine in high consideration and to admit my profound respects.

Your obedient servant,

MANUEL RUIZ,

Governor of Tamualipas.

I had, immediately after the firing commenced, dispatched an officer (Colonel Black, Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry) to the U. S. consulate, with instructions to inform me at once of the condition of affairs, and hearing from him also that the road was infested with robbers who wee taking advantage of the fighting to rob and murder, and that the family of the consul could not get away without a guard, and the legal governor, recognized by President Juarez, having informed me officially that he could not protect him, I deemed it not inconsistent with my instructions to send a small force into the city of Matamoras for the purpose of removing the family of Mr. Pierce and the specie to this side of the river. I therefore ordered Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, to send 40 men to take charge of the ferry, to put one regiment under arms, and to call at my headquarters for further orders. Upon reporting, I instructed him to take four companies of his regiment across the river and proceed to the U. S. consulate and there make proper disposition of his force to protect the U. S. consul and his property and to remove them at the earliest possible time to this side of the river, instructing him at the same time in the most positive manner not to interfere in the fight. I then replied to Governor Ruiz as follows:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., January 12, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Governor MANUEL RUIZ:

SIR: Your note dated Matamora, 10 o'clock p. m., is at hand. Mr. Pierce, the consulate, and at this request I dispatched Colonel Bertram a small force to the consul's house, to protect him in moving to this side of the river. My troops have positive instructions not to interfere with either persons or property, and to take no part in the fight. They will protect the consulate until safely removed.

Regretting exceedingly the troubles which surround you, and with the hope that you many soon quiet matters, I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

At the same time I wrote to Mr. Pierce informing him of the instructions given to Colonel Bertram, and requesting him to prepare for removal at once. I also sent the following notification to Governor Ruiz, sending a similar one to Colonel Cortina:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., January 12, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Governor MANUEL RUIZ:

SIR: I have the honor to state owing to a battle now raging in the streets of Matamoras between your troops and those of Colonel Cortina, and the danger existing to the person family of Mr. Pierce, U. S. consul, I have ordered Colonel Bertram, with four companies of U. S. troops, to proceed to the house of Mr. Pierce, at

