
some 600 yards, and drove the enemy from their own (and a strong) position. I ordered Major Wood with his battalion (dismounted) and Major McMurtrey (mounted) to hold their position as a protection to my right in case the enemy should attempt to turn it, and also as a reserve in case I should be repulsed. In a few moments, however, I saw that there was no danger of a repulse or a flank attack, and accordingly ordered Wood's battalion and two pieces of artillery forward, all fresh troops, to complete the victory and capture the enemy, now badly whipped and scattered. General Maxey, however, fearing an attack from the rear or the loss of the train, countermanded my order to Wood and put his men to getting off the train, likewise gave me orders to withdraw and collect the troops, who, though, much scattered and tired, were pursuing the enemy.

I am unable to give an entirely correct report of the killed and wounded in my command, as Brigadier-General Cabell and Colonel Crawford were ordered to make their reports direct to General Maxey. I inclose Colonel Greene's report. The whole Confederate loss will not much exceed 20 killed and 60 wounded. Federal loss about 400 negroes killed, some 60 white killed, and about 125 prisoners; captured, 4 pieces of artillery and 4 caissons, and about 200 wagons (6 mules each) and ambulances. The prompt and resolute spirit of Brigadier-General Cabell did much toward giving us the cheap and quick victory. Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, commanding Greene's regiment, deserves special mention. Though painfully wounded, he did not quit his regiment until the engagement was over. Major Ewing, Captain Price, Captain Moore, Surgeon Smith, Captain Haymakeur, and Lieutenant Wright, of my staff, who were with me during the fight, rendered valuable services in bearing orders and directing the troops during the engagement.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas.

(through Brigadier-General Maxey, Prov. Army, C. S.)
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,May 17, 1864.

COLONEL: Marmaduke's brigade, of my division, was alone engaged in the battle at Jenkins' Ferry; Shelby's brigade was absent and General Fagans' also. I inclose herewith Colonel Colton Greene's report. He commanded the brigade, and I take pleasure in saying that on that day he distinguished himself for coolness, skill, and courage. I desire also to return thanks to my staff, who were generally in the thickest of the fight and wherever duty called them. I have already forwarded the names of those who specially distinguished themselves, and who, I think, are most deserving of notice and promotion.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas.

