
his time and keep his army starving in a barren country for nearly three days. Greene's brigade was again in action, skirmishing with the enemy's front and bringing up the rear of the army with its usual cool, steady courage. On the night of the 12th, my division encamped on Prairie De Rohan, and for the first in fourteenth nights enjoyed an uninterrupted quiet. On the 13th, at 10 a. m., we were again en route to attain the enemy's front and oppose his advance on Camden. At 4 p. m. on the 14th, we were in his front, 14 miles from Camden, at the junction of the Prairie D'Ane and Camp Bragg, Camden, and Washington roads, having marched 60 miles. That evening and the next day were spent in continued skirmishing. Late in the evening of the 15th, finding that the enemy was determined to reach Camden that night, and that further effusion of blood was totally unnecessary, having sent a party under Lieutenant John C. Moore, my acting assistant adjutant-general, to Camden to destroy such Government property there as would benefit the enemy, and leaving Colonel Lawther's regiment with orders to contest the enemy's advance, and after reaching Camden to move out on the Shreveport wire road and watch the enemy on that approach, I crossed my command from the Prairie D'Ane and Washington road over tot he Camp Bragg road, and encamped them 8 miles from Camden. Colonel Lawther fought the advance of the enemy to the town in gallant style and camped as directed. That night the enemy marched the greater part of his force into Camden. On the following day Thayer entered, bringing up Steele's rear.

Such were the operations of my division up to the entrance of Steele's army into Camden. For over three weeks no day passed without marching and fighting, few nights in which we had rest. During that time no complaint was ever heard; their courage was highest praise. We had lost, say, 150 men killed, wounded, and missing, and had killed, wounded, and captured 600 of the enemy; this in rear-guard fighting. For six days we were assisted by other troops, during the balance of the time were opposed alone to the enemy, and General Steele's army of 13,000 men had occupied fifteen days in marching from Arkadelphia to Camden. The enemy were now encamped in and around Camden. On the 16th, General Shelby's brigade was ordered to Miller's Bluff to watch the river, &amp;c., and I then had only Greene's brigade with me, consisting of about 500 men. On the 16th, Greene's brigade drove in the enemy's pickets on the Prairie D'Ane road. They were also driven in on various road by portions of that brigade on the 17th. On the morning of the 17th, Colonel Greene's scouts informed me that a large train (225 wagons), with a guard of three regiments (two of infantry, one of cavalry, and two pieces of artillery), had started out on the Prairie D'Ane road from Camden. I wrote to General Fagan for assistance, as I had only 500 men. He sent me immediately Cabell's and Crawford's brigades. That night I marched out to attack the train, but was met by information that the wagons guard had been re-enforced by two regiments and two pieces of artillery, making their force now 2,500 and four pieces of artillery. With the re-enforcement of Cabell and Crawford my force was but 1,500, so I returned to camp. I was certain the train could not return until next morning. At 11 p. m. I wrote General Fagan for more assistance, as my force was but 1,500 men, and requested him to send my letter to General Price for his approval. The plan was for Greene, Cabell, and Crawford to

