
intersect the road 10 miles from Camden; for the other troops to enter the road at Poison Spring, 13 miles from Camden, at 8 o'clock the next morning. The plan was agreed upon.

With Cabell's, Crawford's, and Greene's brigades I marched at sunrise,and about 10 o'clock met the enemy's advance picket at Poison Spring, drove it back, and occupied an advantageous position on the brow of a hill; deployed my escort as skirmishers on the slope and held the enemy in check; posted Cabell's and Crawford's brigades (dismounted) directly in front of the enemy. Greene was haled in reserve dismounted. At this time General Maxey's troops and Woods' battalion came up. General Maxey being my senior in rank, I reported to him,a skiing his plan of battle, stating how I had disposed my own. He answered that as I had planned the whole movement I should take charge of and make the fight. This I did, requesting him to post his command at right angles with my line, enfilading the enemy's line in front, and to open the attack. My purpose was to cause them to throw their whole front toward Maxey, and while they were executing this movement to attack their flank with the main line. Wood's battalion was posted by my order, dismounted, on my extreme right; both flanks were guarded by cavalry. The plan was carried out. Maxey's troops attacked, drew the enemy's attention and front toward him. Cabell's and Crawford's brigades, under General Cabell, advanced with his brigade, between Cabell and Maxey, and the retreat became a rout. After driving them 2 miles beyond the train, I ordered Wood's battalion, which had been left to guard my extreme right, to mount and move rapidly to the front to pursue the enemy. they came, but were halted by General Maxey (who from this time assumed command) and put to work at the train to assist in getting off the wagons. Not knowing this, and still waiting for the mounted troops, I was surprised by an order from General Maxey, to withdraw, which I did. From 400 to 600 dead Federals were left on the field. About 100 wounded, 120 prisoners, 4 pieces of artillery, 195 wagons, and many hundred small-arms were brought off and 30 wagons burned. Had I been allowed to pursue the enemy I cannot but think that at least 1,000 prisoners would have been added to the list. In fifteen minutes after the battle commenced the enemy were retreating, and in half an hour no force of the enemy was ever more completely routed than this.

The conduct of General Maxey's force was excellent, bearing as it did the earliest fire of the confident enemy. Cabell, inimitable almost in personal gallantry, led his command and first broke the enemy's column, and assisted by Greene, who brought up his troops in line of battle to the assistance of General Cabell under a heavy fire as steadily as on parade, crushed the enemy, who turned and fled in total confusion.

On the evening of the 18th, we were again in camp. Cabell's and Crawford's brigades reported back to General Fagan, and with Greene's brigade marched on the 19th to the Wire road, 12 miles from Camden. On the 19th, General Shelby's brigade was detached temporarily from my command and ordered to report to General Fagan for detached duty. From the 20th to the 26th, inclusive, my command was encamped, picketing to the front, and detachments from it having various small but successful encounters with the enemy.

On the 26th, I was ordered to report direct to General Smith. On the 27th,the evacuation of Camden by Steele having been discovered,

