
my command marched to White Hall, on the Ouachita River, where Wood's battalion was ordered to report to me. Swam the river, came up with the retreating enemy, fought him until General Smith came up with the infantry, and the battle of Jenkins' Ferry was fought, the brigade being commanded by Colonel Greene (a special report of this battle has already been forwarded), and retired with the other forces.

During this long and arduous campaign, foguht, as much of it was, under my own eye, I take pleasure in speaking of the officer-like conduct and the many gallant acts of bravery of my officers and men generally. To speak of the quick perception and foresight or the reckless bravery of Shelby, the elan and chivalrous bearing of Cabell, inspiring all who looked upon him, or the perseverance, untiring energy, and steady courage of Greene, would be telling a twice-told tale. The list is too long to narrate, but I say it with pride that of all the officers in my division not one have I seen or heard of who shrank from the performance of any duty assigned him.

In conclusion, I would express my gratification generally at the conduct of the whole division, and my belief that posterity will do them the honor they so well deserve. Special reports have already been forwarded, with recommendations for promotion of all those who specially distinguished themselves, and the reports of the several brigades are herewith inclosed, to which you are referred for particulars. At present I cannot give my losses in killed, wounded, and missing, as several of the commands which were under me eighter temporarily or constantly are now absent, but think the following figures about correct:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggre-

 	 	 	 gate.

Greene's brigade.	 16	 96	 10	 122

Shelby's brigade.	 13	 62	 15	 90

Cabell's brigade.	 5	 25	 10	 40

Total.	 34	 183	 35	 252

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel BELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Arkansas, Camden, Ark.

Numbers 72. Reports of Colonel Colton Greene, Third Missouri Cavalry, commanding Marmaduke's Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,In the Field, April 26, 1864.

MAJOR: On the morning of the 17th, while bivouacked in front of the enemy near the junction of the upper and middle Camden and Washington roads, my scouts reported that a train of twenty wagons,

