
escorted by 200 cavalry, was moving on the upper road. I immediately ordered the Third Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, to get on its rear and attack it. A short time after the regiment had marched my scouts again reported that a large train had joined the other; that it numbered 200 wagons and was guarded by one regiment of cavalry and two regiments of negro infantry, with three pieces of artillery. I at once placed the regiment in ambush and reported the facts to the brigadier-general commanding, then at Woodlawn.

Soon after these events the guards of the train was re-enforced by one regiment of cavalry, one regiment and one battalion of infantry, and two pieces of artillery, a detachment of which force (Sixth Kansas Cavalry) fell in with the head of my regiment while moving to the place ordered. Toward dark intelligence was received from my scouts that the enemy had encamped near the forks of the Prairie D'Ane and upper roads, and by your order Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell was withdrawn. On the morning of the 18th instant, leaving Kitchen's regiment and a detachment of the Third to cover our front and flank, I marched with Greene's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell; Burbridge's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Preston; a small detachment of Jeffers', under Captain Cobb, and Harris' battery, numbering in all 486 men. I came on the enemy in rear of Cabell's brigade at 9.30 o'clock. Dismounted and placed Harris' battery in position on the extreme right of our line. At 10 o'clock this battery opened on the enemy. The remainder of my command was held in reserve. The enemy heavily engaged our left and center, and at 10.45 o'clock I was ordered to its support. Moving rapidly for a half mile through a thick forest, we tore down a rail fence, formed in an open field under a heavy fire of musketry, and advanced steadily across it, passing another fence. The left and center were hotly pressed, when I advanced at the double-quick with loud cheers, passed the line, delivered several well-directed volleys, and charged the enemy through burning woods and a dense smoke. He gave way, closely pressed, but reformed under cover of his train. Upon this position we advanced, firing; charged the train, with great slaughter to the enemy, who abandoned his artillery ont he field and going formed behind the huts, fences, and timber, of an adjoining plantation. With cries of "Here's your mule!" and cheers for Missouri, his line was again broken by our advancing force. Once more he rallied in the thick brush beyond this plantation, through the bare fields of which we changed and drove him in confusion. Again another stand was made on the crest of a steep hill, which was as quickly carried at the charge. No further resistance was now made to our victorious line, which scattered and drove the enemy in every direction, until by your order the pursuit was stopped. The command rallied and moved by the left flank across the road to cover the removal of the captured train, animals, artillery, and arms. Toward sunset we remounted, brought up the rear, and marching all night reached the position left in the morning at daylight. In this action three of my regiments were absent.

Where all behaved so gallantly it is difficult to determine upon whom to bestow praise. Every man did his duty. There was no straggling, no plundering. For eighteenth days we marched and engaged the enemy, and notwithstanding the loss of sleep for three nights previous to this action, the men bore themselves with cheerfulness

