
fullness and fortitude. To Captain Benjamin Hooper, of my staff, I am under great obligations for valuable services on the field. His gallantly, as it has always been, was conspicuous. Privates Coleman, Company H, Fourth Regiment, and Kimbrough, Company F, Third Regiment, who acted as orderlies, executed my commands with intelligence and bravery. To the impetuosity of our advance is to be attributed my light loss in killed and wounded, a list* of which is herewith annexed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,In the Field, May 5, 1864.

MAJOR: In pursuance of your orders, I left my position on the Wire road at 10 a. m. on the 27th ultimo, and marched to White Hall, on the Ouachita River, where I was joined by Wood's battalion. I effected a crossing of that river between the hours of 5 p. m. on the 27th and 6 a. m. on the 28th, using two small boats to transport arms and equipments and swimming my animals. The work was slow and occupied the whole night. As soon as the crossing was complete I marched, by your orders, by a circuitous route in the direction of Buck Snort, hoping to get in front of the enemy, who had retreated from Camden. At 5 p. m. I halted one hour; sent Wood's battalion to report to Major-General P{rice. Marched all night and passed around Princeton, at which place the enemy's rear was ascertained to be encamped. Following this line I was placed between the enemy and the Saline River until I struck the road from Princeton to Tulip in his rear. I pursued rapidly. In the mean time Jeffers' regiment and Wood's battalion had followed the enemy from Princeton and were in my front. Colonel Jeffers engaged him 14 miles from Princeton, on the Jenkins' Ferry road, and I sent Harris' battery to his support. On reaching the field I found that the Federal rear guard had fallen back 200 yards and was then engaging Colonel Jeffers with artillery. He gave up this position, was pursued, and was again engaged by Colonel Jeffers 4 miles from the Saline River, to whose support I marched with Burbridge's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Preston. We skirmished until dark, when I withdrew, leaving a heavy line of vedettes on the ground. At daylight of the 30th, I was ordered forward to fell the enemy. I marched with Burbridge's regiment, commanded by Major Smith, and Greene's regiment, commanded by Captain Don. Brown, leaving Wood's battalion (mounted) in reserve and Jeffers' regiment in rear for want of ammunition, and threw forward Captain L. D. Roberts, Company I, Fourth Regiment, with 50 men. he found the enemy one-half mile from the position occupied the previous evening. Skirmishing at once began, and the enemy retired slowly several hundred yards.

Upon personal reconnaissance I determined to advance my force, and putting Greene's regiment on the left, covering the road and an

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

