
his urgent request, for the sole and only conveying them within the territory of the United States. The danger from assassins and robbers on the rad between here and your city seems imperatively to demand this course, which I take reluctantly, with every assurance to you that I shall commit no hostile acts upon Mexican territory nor interfere in any manner with the fight now going on in your city. I have instructed Mr. Pierce to remove as quickly as possible, that I may withdraw the troops.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel Bertram proceeded without delay to the other side of the river marching by the shortest route to the consulate and placing his troops within the yard which is attached to the house, and such arrangements were then made as would prevent any possibility of interference by our men. At 11.30 p. m. I received the following note from Colonel Bertam:

UNITED STATES CANSULATE,

Matamoras, January 12, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: I have arrived at the consul's house and assure you he was very happy to see us. I marched din by the shortest the firing having stopped as soon as we appeared on the street. The consul thinks Cortina has been gaining ground.

I wait further instructions.

Very respectfully,

H. BERTRAM,

Colonel, commanding.

To which I replies as follows:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., January 12, 1864-12 [p.] m.

Colonel H. BERTRAM:

GENERAL: Your note from the consul's is at hand. You will remain in your position, giving the consul sufficient time to remove his family and the valuables in the consulate to this side. Again let me state that will interfere in no way with the fight, but keep your men at their post for the duty assigned them. Send a good officer with the troops at the ferry, and issue the most positive orders prohibiting straggling from the ranks or interference of any nature whatever with either persons or property. Should a stray shot come near, or even strike one of your men, that will not be considered a sufficient reason for your firing. I have notified both Ruiz and Cortina of your presence in Matamoras and the purpose. Should mission is a delicate one. Be extremely careful.

Respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

At 12.30 o'clock I received the following from Colonel Bertram:

UNITED STATES CONSULATE,

Matamoras, January 12, [13], 1864-12.30 o'clock.

Major-General HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: I have received your letter. Your instructions are strictly obeyed, and I have sent the most stringent order to Lieutenant-Colonel Laughlin not to allow anything to be done that be construed into the violation of your orders, Commissions from both the Ruiz and Cortina parties have been here to inquire into [the] object of our coming over. I told them what my instructions were, and both parties went away satisfied. The consul says that he has about $1,000,000 in specie in his possession, and that he cannot possibly remove it or his family until morning. I have not been to learn positively which party is gaining. Ruiz still holds the plaza, and I think will hold out until morning.

Respectfully,

H. BERTRAM.

Colonel, Commanding.

