
open field, I moved Major Smith to the right to threaten the enemy's flank. After a sharp fire he gave way, was driven from the field, but again took up position at its extremity under cover, which he maintained with determination for half an hour and then fell back. I pushed him on until I discovered from his fire that he was heavily re-enforced and was extending his left. I was now compelled to accept an unequal engagement before the infantry re-enforcement could reach me. The enemy was in force, but my men fought with steadiness, and advanced step by stp until we gained a quarter of a mile on him, when at this juncture my right was hotly pressed. Three companies of Greene's regiment, however, sent to its support, held the enemy's increasing force in check. We had now fought for two hours, when Tappan's brigade reached the field and moved to my right, forcing a part of Burbridge's regiment to the right of that bridge, and a section of Lesueur's battery went into action on the right of Greene's regiment. As these guns were exposed I advanced this regiment some distance beyond them, but only to find that the right had given way and that the battery was withdrawn. The position of the regiment was critical, of it stood entirely alone; but fighting it twenty minutes or more, with severe loss, I withdrew it in good order and reformed the command. Again we advanced and continued in action until ordered to withdraw for want of ammunition, notwithstanding we had once supplied ourselves on the field from the boxes of the enemy. At the close of the battle I mounted and followed the enemy to the Saline River, from which Colonel Jeffers drove his scattering skirmishers.

I cannot speak too highly of the courage, endurance, and soldierly bearing of my men in this engagement. Each maned did his duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Preston (who, though ill, came on the field and took command of his regiment) and Captain Don. Brown, commanding regiment, and Captain L. D. Roberts, Fourth Regiment, behaved with marked and distinguished courage; and I regret to record the death of Major Dennis Smith, of the Fourth, a brave and devoted officer, who fell in the hottest of the fight in front of his regiment. My loss was severe in proportion to the force I had engaged. In Greene's regiment there were 6 privates killed; 7 officers, 2 sergeants, and 22 privates wounded. In Burbridge's, 1 officer killed; 2 officers, 2 sergeants, and 8 privates wounded. Total, 7 killed, 43 wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,In the Field, May 8, 1864.

MAJOR: The following diary exhibits the marches and action of this brigade in the late campaign: March 28, brigade broke up winter quarters at Camden and marched 23 miles to Tate's Bluff, at the mouth of the little Missouri River; Lawther's regiment ordered to Craver's Ferry, 10 miles above, and to throw a scout forward. March 29, lawther ordered to cross the Little Missouri; brigade remained in bivouac; Major Bennett with three companies engaged

