
the right to observe the enemy. Captain Cobb skillfully occupied the enemy during these maneuvers and drove him several hundred yards; enemy strengthens his lines; Cobb moved to the left flank, uncovering McCaleb's skirmishers; sharp action follows, with loss to us; Lieutenant Thomas Lynch, Jeffers' regiment, in command of the reserve skirmishers, fell; the line for a moment wavered, when

Lieutenant G. W. Scott, of Company I, Fourth Regiment, was ordered to its command; he rallied the men, and advancing to the front charged as skirmishers and drove the enemy from a strong position.

I now deployed burbridge's regiment as skirmishers, with intervals of one pace; brought up one gun of Lieutenant Zimmerman's section (the other piece was disabled); ordered Captain Cobb to press the enemy's right and heavily engage the enemy; he held his position for half an hour and then gave way, fighting as he retired; drove him half a mile. At this time Brigadier-General Marmaduke appeared on the field with a section of Hughey's battery and Monroe's regiment, of Cabell's brigade. The latter he moved to the right. The action was recommenced with great vigor, when the enemy again gave ground. The whole line was advanced and the reserve brought up within 75 yards of the first line. The artillery did effective service-silenced the enemy's battery and broke its support. He retreated to the river, leaving his dead on the field. Our right was advanced to within 76 yards of his line, when it gave way. The field was ours. General Marmaduke then ordered the command to withdraw 2 miles to point naturally inaccessible, and which was strengthened by hasty works of timber.

The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Praston, his officers and men, was particularly distinguished in this action for coolness and gallantry. Lieutenant G. W. Scott and Lieutenant Jesse McCaleb, Company I, deserve especial notice. Lieutenant Scott's charge with the reserve skirmishers as brilliantly and timely done. He cannot be too highly commended for bravery. Captain Cobb, of Jeffers' regiment, was also distinguished for gallant and useful conduct. He handled his squadron with skill and courage, and is a modest and meritorious officer. Greene's and Kitchen's regiments, though not actively engaged, were constantly under fire and behaved well. lieutenant Zimmerman deserves to be mentioned for the manner in which he served his gun and for the gallant behavior of himself and men. Loss, 1 lieutenant, 1 non-commissioned officer, and 4 privates killed; 2 officers and 21 privates wounded. Retired in rear of Cabell's brigade at midnight; detached Greene's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, to hold the position; marched until daylight to the southwestern edge of Prairie D'Ane, near Fulke's, 16 miles.

April 5, Campbell skirmishes with the enemy in front of our works; holds him in check all day; loss, none. April 6, brigade takes position on the edge of the prairie and assist in constructing Fort McKay; Campbell fights the enemy again and falls back 4 miles; no pursuit. April 7, Captain Porter, Fourth Regiment, with 150 men, relieves Campbell; engages the enemy, who retires; Lieutenant g. W. Scott, Company I, Fourth Regiment, with 1 man charges 10 of the enemy' routed them, capturing arms and equipments. April 8, Porter still skirmishes wiht the enemy, who does not press him; is relieved by Brigadier-General Cabell. April 9, no highting to-day. April 10, occupy our position at the works-the extreme left; enemy appears on the upper edge of the prairie; moves on my

