
left; skirmishers engage; sent a section of Harris' battery to support the left; enemy opened with artillery; and artillery fight takes place; enemy advances his line; drives in my skirmishers; is driven back in return; again takes the position, which he retires from at night; vedettes and skirmishers remain under arms all night; loss, 3 horses killed and 1 man wounded. April 11, enemy appears in force and offers battle; skirmish with him on the left; is engaged in the center by Brigadier-General Shelby; at 5 p. m. all the troops retire; brigade ordered to occupy the position and delay the enemy; relieved General Shelby's skirmishers at dark, 1 1/2 miles in front of the works; covered the front with mounted and dismounted skirmishers; occasional shots during the night. April 12, sunrise, Steele's army appears on the prairie; skirmishing along the whole line; the enemy is held in check until 9.30 o'clock, when he advances on our left in large force and cannonades heavily; our forces are gradually withdrawn, and at 10.30 o'clock the works are abandoned; Captain Roberts, Company I, Fourth Regiment, brings up the rear; enemy follows and attacks him, using artillery; rear-guard fighting continues for several miles, when the enemy withdraw; encamped at sundown on Prairie De Roahn; detachment under Lieutenant G. W. Scott attacks the enemy's rear; no loss; distance marched, 12 miles. April 13, marched at 10 a. m. 8 miles on the Munn's Mill road; ordered to the Anderson road, and halted two hours at Centreville; marched all night and reached Munn's Mill at 3 a. m.; distance, 30 miles. April 14, moved at daylight in the direction of Camden; got in front of the enemy, and bivouacked at Guley's, 10 miles from Camden; flankers fell in with a small force which they attacked and dispersed; distance, 26 miles. April 15, ordered into position at 7 a. m. to cover the retreat of Shelby, who was falling back before the advancing column; remained until Shelby retired; moved off all the brigade, except Lawther's regiment and a section of Harris' battery; engaged the enemy' at Gulley's, and kept up a retreating fight for 3 miles;turned to the right and moved over to the Camp Bragg road, 6 miles of Camden; Lawther's regiment remained in front of Steele's column, fighting until dark and passing through Camden; loss, 4 wounded; distance, 10 miles. april 16, drove in the enemy's pickets on Prairie D'Ane road; captured 3; Lieutenant Ambrose W. Hulett charges a detachment 2 miles of Camden, capturing 2; several escapades to-day; ordered at 5 p. m. to move to the Prairie D'Ane road and attack Thayer's rear, who was moving into Camden; marched rapidly and found the enemy's rear guard 4 miles of town; pursues it in a trot, Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, commanding Greene's regiment, in front; over-take the enemy at Mrs.---- and skirmish with them; Campbell moves on, driving in the rear guard; falls upon enemy's outpost; routs it; runs it into town; captures colors and camp equipments; column moved back to its first position on Camp Bragg road; loss, 1 captain (staff officer), captured; distance, 15 miles. April 17, several escapades ins hight of the enemy's camp to-day; Lieutenant-Colonel Ellison on outpost captures 3 prisoners; Lieutenants Scott, Company I; Hulett, Company G, Fourth regiment, and Lieutenant Smith, Company E, Jeffers' regiment, each commanding detachment, charged the enemy south and west of Camden, inflicting loss; loss, 1 man wounded; scouts report rain and escort just passing the enemy's vedettes on the upper road; Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, Third Regiment, and Captain Jacobs, Fourth Regiment,

53 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

