
ordered to pursue; escort is re-enforced, and consists of two regiments of cavalry, two regiments of negroes, regiment and battalion of white infantry, four pieces of artillery; Campbell ordered to lie in ambush; he falls in with Sixth Kansas Cavalry and drives it; than moves on and encamps on Prairie D'Ane road near Poison Spring; General Marmaduke reaches camp at 5 p. m. and orders command to move; marched to Campbell's position and return by order, reaching camp after midnight; loss, 2 men wounded; distance traveled, 18 miles. April 18, marched at 7 a. m. and reached the enemy near Poison Spring; Lieutenant-Colonel Ellison and detachment of Greene's regiment are left to cover our old position; brigade dismounted and held in reserve; Harris' battery takes position on the extreme right; enemy presses our left; brigade ordered to its support; advanced at double-quick; charges and routes the enemy' makes several stands, but is each time charged and routed with slaughter; whole train captured; brigade withdraws and reaches camp at sunrise the day following; loss, 1 officer and 1 private killed, 1 officer and 13 men wounded; distance traveled, 37 miles; Greene's and Burbridge's regiments and Cobb's detachment alone engaged. April 19, moved over to the Wire road and bivouacked at Mrs. Walker's, 12 miles of Camden, picketing the right and center; distance traveled, 15 miles. April 20, in statu quo. april 21, enemy attacks my picket on Wire road, is repulsed. April 22, all quiet. April 23, marched at 8 a. m. in advance to make a demonstration in force; deploy skirmishers this die of bridge on Two Bayous and advance main force in line; drive the enemy across the bridge; light skirmishing; shelled the enemy' withdraw and occupy former position at 8 a. m.; distance, 230 miles. April 21, in statu quo. April 25, enemy's cavalry drives in my picket, which being re-enforced repulsed the enemy and pursue him to the bridge; loss, 1 man captured and 1 wounded; sent Kitchen's regiment to Champagnolle to guard pontoon bridge. April 26, advanced Greene's regiment 6 miles. April 27, marched at 10 a. m. to White Hall, on Ouachita River, where Wood's battalion reports. Sent Lawhter's regiment to guard prisoners captured by Brigadier-General Fagan; crossed the river with Greene's nd Burbridge's regiments, Wood's battalion, and Harris' battery, swam horses; up all night. April 28, marched all day and night; sent Wood's battalion to report to Major-General Price; halted one hour within 6 miles of Princeton. April 29, still marching; got on enemy's right flank; got on his rear between Tulip and Princeton; Jeffers' regiment and Wood's battalion in my front; attack enemy's rear on jenkins' Ferry road; sent Harris' battery forward; again attacked the enemy, who halts on the Saline River; skirmish with him until dark; distance traveled from Wire road to Saline River, 90 miles, without feed for hoses or rations and sleep for men; occasional skirmishing all night; no loss. April 30, ordered forward with Greene's and Burbridge's regiments to feel the enemy' begun skirmishing before sunrise; drove the enemy 500 yards; he halts and fights hard; is forced back half a mile; general engagement now begins; enemy in force; still drive the enemy slowly, fighting two hours without support; infantry comes up; for full account see report of May 5; loss, 6 privates killed, 1 major killed, 9 officers, 4 sergeant, and 30 privates wounded; bivouacked near the field. May 1, marched in direction of Arkadelphia, 25 miles. May 2, marched to within 12 miles of Arkadelphia; distance traveled, 13 miles; campaign ends.

