
Recapitulation: Killed, 3 officers, 12 men; wounded, 13 officers, 84 men. Skirmishes, 15. Engagements, 3. Distance marched by main body, 435 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 73. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp at Bullock's, May 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division at the battle of Marks' Mills: On April 21, I received orders to report to Brigadier-General Fagan from General Price, and on April 24, I crossed the Ouachita with my division, having had assigned me the brigade of Colonel Crawford. The march on the 24th was a long and heavy one, and we encamped within 8 miles of the scene of the operations of the 25th, sending out scouting parties in every direction to find out the strength, position, and designs of the enemy, and also to ascertain the proximity of the train reported to be moving from Camden to Pine Bluff. By daylight of the 25th, it was known that the enemy was in heavy force, with a great number of wagons, and was moving from the Moro Bottom, where they had encamped the night before, to the Mount Elba crossing on the Saline River. As soon as their outlying pickets and flankers were encountered General Fagan with great rapidity and judgment made his dispositions for the fight. He ordered my division to turn square off to the right from the road the Federals were on, and by making a rapid detour came back to the road again int heir immediate front, thus having them between two fires, for General Cabell's division was held in hand by General Fagan to attack the enemy in the rear.

The 10-mile gall was heavy and wearisome, but the men kept well together, and I knew they were keen and eager for the fray. The road which ran directly from marks' Mills to Mount Elba was gained before even the Federal advance had passed, and I then at once commenced for the fight. I sent Major Elliott, of my won brigade, with the First Battalion Missouri Cavalry, to seize the Mount Elba crossing and guard it well, which was done with eminent success, driving off the guard, killing all their horses, and capturing many prisoners.

I had advanced scarcely a mile in the direction of Marks' Mills when I met the Federal advance coming rapidly in the direction of Mount Elba, with their wagons thundering int heir rear, and General Cabell's guns the grand keynote of the whole performance. I determined to charge them first, last, and all the time, so I formed Colonel Crawford's brigade, commanded by the gallant Wright, to the right of the main road and in advance, then Shanks' regiment, then Gordon's regiment, of my own brigade, holding well in hand as a reserve

