
Smith's and Hunters' regiments. My own brigade was commanded by Colonel Davis Shansk, as senior colonel, and was well and skillfully handled. As soon as the Federal advance had been driven back upon the main body I directed Captain Collins to fire two blank cartridges, to inspirit our own soldiers fighting gallantly in the rear, and then ordered my whole line to advance rapidly, which was done by an advance, under Captain Williams, at the charge. The effect was instantaneous. The charge was a defeat, the defeat a rout, the rout a panic, and the panic almost destruction. The Federals made scarcely any stand after first being broken, and we captured great numbers of prisoners, wagons, ambulances, negroes, guns, and 2 pieces of the famous Second Missouri U. S. Artillery,* which were charged and taken by Colonels Shanks and Gordon after a brief and bloody fight. My division captured over 800 prisoners, over 100 wagons, arms enough to arm every man it the most improved weapons, and everything else a routed and destroyed brigade could abandon in their frantic efforts to escape from the avengers of three years of wrong and aggression. The victory was complete, and the sober shades of evening came down upon one the most final and crushing victories of the war. The men were now drawn off, the wounded cared for the dead buried, and the weary and hungry soldiers rested for the right upon the "field of their fame, fresh and gory."

It would be unnecessary to mention by name all who distinguished themselves on this day, for all did their duty well and nobly; but I will say that Colonel Wright and his officers and men fought well and gallantly, and by their side came the officers and men of my own brigade and especially Captain Williams, of my advance, who at all times and under all circumstances is a brave,skillful, dashing, successful, and competent officer. From the battle until ordered to report again to General Marmaduke my division marched whenever and wherever ordered by General Fagan.

Hoping this report may prove satisfactory, I am, captain, very truly, yours,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain WYATT C. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fagans' Division.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp Bullock, May 3, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to send you the following report of my operations against the enemy since leaving Camden, Ark., up to the time when ordered to report to Brigadier-General Fagan: March 23, 1864, I received General Marmaduke's orders to move in the direction of Little Rock, and that night camped 16 miles north of Camden. Upon arriving at Princeton, and finding no subsistence there for either men or horses, I continued Colonel Gordon in command of that post, with his regiment picketing and patrolling the whole front and left of the town, while with the remainder of my brigade I took post on the Saline River, near Jenkins' Ferry, and watched the river for 50 miles. Here learning from my scouts that General Steele was advancing in heavy force in the direction of Arkadelphia, I immediately

---------------

*Battery E.

---------------

