
determined to collect my scattered force and close up with the enemy. this required two days, and on the 30th I had an interview with General Marmaduke at Tate's Bluff, where I received orders to attack the enemy in the rear. The balance of the day and night was spent in preparation for the march, and at daylight of April 1, I started and crossed the Ouachita River about dark, fording the horses and ferrying over my artillery and wagons at the Montroy Ferry, then marching all night to get within striking distance of the Federals by the morrow. Before crossing the river, however, I sent a scouting party to Arkadelphia to ascertain if all was clear behind me, and they, under command of Private Daniel Ingram, dashed into the town and captured 1 captain and 12 men, numbering them selves only 8.

On the morning of the 2nd, I struck the main Arkadelphia and Washington road and found the trail broad and the scent hot and breast-high. The pursuit was rapid and resolved. About 11 o'clock their rear was gained, consisting of one brigade of infantry and one regiment of cavalry, with two pieces of artillery. Captain Thorp, commanding my advance of 100 picked men, charged desperately down the road upon the infantry, and the men fired their revolvers with deadly effect at point-blank range. I supported Thorp with my entire force in battle line on each side of the road, and steadily drove them before me. The Federals were perfectly drilled and fought well, and retired at first in splendid order. I had with me only two pieces of my battery, under Captain Callins, and they were advanced as flying artillery either at the trot or gallop. there were many disadvantages and obstacles to be overcome, not the least of which was the wind, being directly in my front, and the enemy firing the dry woods in every direction, thus causing my lines frequently to encounter and pass through almost intolerable heat and dust. The pursuit was pressed hard. From one position they retired to another, and sometimes I had to resort to my artillery to dislodge them. The men seemed eager as bloodhounds, and never halted or retired under the hottest fire. In the first charge the gallant Thorp was shot down, and Lieutenant Trigg, of General Marmaduke's escort, mortally wounded. I immediately ordered Captain D. A. Williams, of Smith's regiment, to take command of the advance, which he did with proud and chivalrous daring. Until dark the fight was kept up, and just as the action closed Colonel Gordon and Major Elliott, with their commands, made a desperate and daring charge upon the enemy's whole line, now re-enforced by another brigade of infantry and two more pieces of artillery, and drove them from it with severe loss and the capture of many prisoners. Without a mouthful to push them again on the morrow and harass them in every possible manner. Carefully posting my pickets and ascertaining their position, I waited for daylight.

On the morning of the 3rd, their vedettes were encountered about a mile north of Okolona, which were soon driven in, and I found the entire army lying quietly in camp, with their same rear guard, now heavily covered by cavalry, about 2 miles from the town. This I at once attacked and fought three hours, inflicting on him severe loss. While engaged a terrible hail-storm came up from the northeast and spread its dark wings over the sky. The scene was rugged and sublime. Amid the jar of the thunder, the flash of the lightning, and the moaning and sighing of the pines as the pitiless hail-stones

