
Spring, and after skirmishing with the enemy's advance that night until dark I rested in line of battle until morning, when the Federals advanced in force, and a fight of two hours ensued, when i was ordered to retire, and I turned off to the right of the road and went into camp near Woodlawn. On the 19th, I received orders to march to Miller's Bluff, on the Ouachita, which was done, and while there I received orders from General Price to report temporarily to General Fagan.

During my entire active operations, both in front and rear of the enemy, I have to thank my officers and men for courage, devotion, endurance, and stern and dashing bravery. Colonels Shanks, Smith, and Gordon behaved, as usual, with undeviating courage. Captain Thorp is a brave and dashing officer and deserves promotion. Captain Williams, modest and retiring, is a lion in battle and a lamb in the quietude of the camp-fire. Captain Franklin and Adams, of Shanks' regiment, in the first fight in the rear charged upon the Federal infantry closely enough to have their horses wounded by bayonets. Major Benjamin Elliott, Captains McDaniel, Schnabel, Lieutenants tucker, Wood, Adjutant Wood, and Captain Waltion, of the battalion, are towers of strength ind anger's dark and trying hour. It is useless to particularize when all did so well. there is not an officer or man in my brigade that I noticed who did not do his duty. Collins is a perfect hero, and his artillery was splendid. Accompanying this please find a report of the killed and wounded.

Hoping this may prove satisfactory, I will close by stating that since General Marmaduke ordered my brigade to attack General Steele at Arkadelphia, we have killed, wounded, and captured more Federals than my brigade numbers, likewise 2 rifled James guns, 4 stand of regimental colors, and 125 wagons, besides rearming my brigade at the cost of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major HENRY EWING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Marmaduke's Division.

ADDENDA.

Return of Casualties in Shelby's brigade in the late engagements with the enemy (Marks' Mill not included).

[Compiled from nominal lists of casualties.]

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Offi-	 Enliste	 Offi-	 Enliste

 cers.	 d men.	 cers.	 d men.

Elliott's battalion.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 ...

Gordon's regiment.	 ...	 1	 ...	 4

Hunter's regiment.+	 ...	 ...	 ...	 ...

Shanks' regiment.	 ...	 3	 1	 18

Smith's regiment.	 ...	 5	 1	 9

Collins' battery.	 ...	 2	 ...	 3

Total.	 ...	 11	 2	 34

Captured or missing.

Command.	 Offi-	 Enliste	 Aggre-

 cers.	 d men.	 gate.

Elliott's battalion.	 ...	 ...	 *25

Gordon's regiment.	 ...	 1	 6

Hunter's regiment.+	 ...	 ...	 ...

Shanks' regiment.	 ...	 3	 25

Smith's regiment.	 ...	 11	 26

Collins' battery.	 ...	 ...	 5

Total.	 ...	 15	 87

---------------

*Estimated on original.

+No report.

---------------

