
The fighting ceased for an hour after the appearance of my troops but learning there was to be no interference both parties went at it again, taking care, however, to keep some distance from the U. S. consulate. Matters continued so until daylight when I sent a sufficient number of wagons to remove the family of Mr. Pierce and property from the consulate. At 7 a. m. of the 13th, they were safety landed on this side and the troops withdrew. The fighting in the morning was carried on bitterly until 12 o'clock, when the Ruiz party retreated and were scattered in very direction. The casualties on both sides were about 50 killed and 100 wounded. Among the killed was Ex-Governor Alvino Lopez, a prominent Ruiz man. Governor Ruiz forces numbered 800 men and four pieces of artillery, while Cortina's force was 600 men and six pieces of artillery. Considerable damage was done by the artillery, and the town was filled during the fight with lawless bands, plundering, &amp;c. Colonel Cortina has already announced himself as governor of Tamualipas, while Governor Ruiz, General Rohez,and some other prominent officer escaped and crossed to this side, and are now here refugees.

I have in this report given merely the facts in detail and will not enter into argument in justification of my course. Notified by the legal governor of the State that he could not protect the U. S. consulate, and with an appeal from the consul direct for protection for his family and property I felt that it was unquestionably my duty to furnish a sufficient guard to remove him from the city, taking at the same time every precaution to prevent collision with either of the factions. I might here state that the English consul remained during most of the night at the U. S. consulate under our protection. I inclose as portion of the reports letters* from Governor Ruiz and Colonel Cortina, the former claiming to be the governor appointed and recognized by Juarez and complaining that i do not help him, and the latter expressing his approval of the neutrality I observed.

In conclusion, I would say that Colonel Henry Bertram, of the Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, who commanded the troops that crossed over, performed the delicate mission in an admirable manner, and proved himself an officer of more than ordinary judgment. His officers and soldiers are entitled to thanks for their conduct.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.

JANUARY 13-14, 1864-Scout from Pine Bluff to Monticello, Ark.

Report of Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF PINE BLUFF,Pine Bluff, Ark., January 14, 1864.

GENERAL: Lieutenant McCarty with 20 men, has just come in. He went 2 miles beyond Monticello. At Monticello he destroyed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

