
of Krumbhaar's battery, drew attention from Cabell's command until it had partially succeeded in crossing the open field. Finally, the whole line moved forward like a sheet of living fire, carrying death and destruction before it. To the indomitable energy of Captain Krumbhaar in carrying his battery over ground almost impassable, and the subsequent working of his battery, much of the success of Maxey's division is due. I beg leave to call special attention to the Choctaw brigade. These people came of their own volition. No law or treaty compelled them to do so. They were place on the extreme left of the attacking division. Nobly, gallantly, gloriously they did their duty. They fought the very army (Thayer's, from Fort Smith) that had destroyed their once happy homes, insulted their women, and driven them with their children destitute upon the world, and any an avenging blow was struck; many yet will be. The troops from Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas vied with each other in honorable emulation. To Major Wood, commanding Missouri battalion, and to his battalion I am much indebted for valuable assistance in saving the train, and to others who lent a cheerful, helping hand whose names I do not know. The various members of my won staff were of great service. Colonel E. E. Portlock, Captain C. W. Ballance, Lieutenant James Patteson, and A. C. Eliason, acting aide-de-camp of my staff, were left with my division to aid its movements in the execution of the plan of battle, and rendered valuable and important service to the Choctaw brigade, with which they acted in executing the difficult task of moving a line into action over thought ground and through dense undergrowth, and bringing it out at the right time and in the right place by partial change of front. Captain Tom. P. Ochiltree, my assistant adjutant-general, and Captain W. H. Lewis, chief ordnance all over the field. My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant R. C. Andrews, had been sent by me to the rear to communicate with General Fagan and lost part of the fight. Lieutenant S. R. Mebane had also been detached on important duty. Being short of staff officers a portion of the time, Lieute. W. Harris, of my escort, assisted. He and Lieutenant Barfield and the escort were of great service, carrying orders wherever needed. For the action of officers and men of particular commands I call attention to reports field.

In closing this rough and hastily drawn report, written with all the inconveniences of picket duty around, I take great pleasure in acknowledging myself very greatly the debtor of Brigadier-General Marmaduke. I found him on the ground with an intelligent understanding of the enemy's strength and position. In the formation of the line of battle, in its plan and conduct, I consulted with him freely and with great advantage. At my request he passed from the right down to the left of the entire line, cheering and encouraging by his presence and bright example. General Cabell manager his brigade with greatly skill, carrying it most successfully through a very exposed position into the fight. The brigade commanders of Maxey's division-Colonel Charles De Morse, Twenty-ninth Texas Cavalry, and Colonel Tandy Walker, First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment-for their skill, gallantry, and daring in conducting their commands into the fight successfully thought such difficulties, and those who assisted, deserve great credit. The Texas brigade did its whole duty gloriously, fighting as Texans know how to fight. Of the Choctaw brigade I have already spoken.

