
The substantial fruits of the victory are a 4-gun battery of artillery and about 170 wagons and teams saved, abut 30 wagons destroyed, between 600 and 700 killed and wounded, over 100 prisoners, and the force that fought us demoralized; but above all, the splendid effect on our men.

In making this report I omitted to say in the proper place that the troops were fought dismounted, only a sufficiency being left mounted to cover the flank and act as guard on the Camden road in rear. I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports field. It should be borne in mind that all these nominal divisions were small; were dismounted for action, and one-fourth consumed in holding horses. I believe that not more than 1,800 were engaged at any time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Ark., in Camp.

Since writing the above I received to-day (April 24) the report of Brigadier-General Marmaduke, accompanied by the report of Colonel Colton Greene, commanding brigade. Said reports are herewith respectfully forwarded.

S. B. M.

Casualties reported.

Command.	 Killed	 Woun-	 Miss-	 Aggre

 	 ded.	 ing.	 gate.

Cabell's division:

Cabell's brigade.	 6	 35	 7	 48

Crawford's brigade.	 2	 7	 ...	 9

Maxey's division:

Gano's brigade.	 3	 28	 3	 34

Walker's Choctaw brigade.	 4	 7	 ...	 11

Greene's brigade.	 2	 11	 ...	 13

Total.	 17	 88	 10	 115

To this should be added the losses from other commands not reported, but which will now swell the list exceeding 30.

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 38. Fort Towson, C. N., May 9, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding take this earliest occasion upon his return tot he district to announce his unqualified approval of the conduct of the division he had the honor to command in the recent campaign in Arkansas. A campaign more stupendous in proportions than any ever heretofore inaugurated by the enemy in the Trans-Mississippi Department opened last month. The design was no less than to hold, occupy, and possess the whole of the Red River Valley, with its untold resources. An immense column moved through Louisiana, another through Arkansas. Everywhere the

