
enemy was met, and everywhere our arms were victorious. the campaign has been shivered like a crushed vase. The troops from this district were ordered to return, for the reasons se forth in the accompanying letter from the general commanding. Your action has been glorious. You have made yourselves a name in history. While the enemy's columns are seeking safety in flight let us not lie supinely and spend our time in idle rejoicing. We have now work in our own territory to do. Let us buckle on our armor and be ready at all times and at any moment to move in full force, day or night, ready and willing and fully able to drive every foe from the country it is our special duty to defend and protect. hardships we have already endured. We can do so again. If we cannot go as well prepared as we would like, let us go uncomplainingly with what we have. I call upon all to come up to the work. Such assistance as commissaries and quartermasters needed citizens should cheerfully give. I publish for the information of all concerned the following order and letter of General E. Kirby Smith, commanding this department. let us not lose his good opinion. Let all Indian troops emulate the glorious example of the Choctaw brigade.

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS, Camden, April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that he relieves you and your command from duty with this army, because of the imperative necessity which calls you and them to the defense of the Indian Territory. He desires you to express to the Choctaw brigade his admiration of their courage and devotion to our cause in coming voluntarily out of their own country to the assistance of Major-General Price. These qualities this brigade has exhibited in a high degree. Its steady gallantry under the severe cannonade at Prairie D'Ane and dashing charge in the battle of Poison Spring entitles the brigade to the gratitude of the Government. Its achievements in this campaign will adorn the brightest pages in the national history of the Choctaws. He can now more confidently than ever reply upon your ability and the brave troops under your command to repel any threatened invasion of your district.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. WILLIAMSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 1. Camden, Ark., April 28, 1864.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General S. B. Maxey, with Walker's Choctaw and Gano's brigades, is relieved from duty in the Army of Arkansas and will return without delay to the Indiana Territory. The commanding general expresses his high approbation of the gallantry of Brigadier General

