
Dismounting from my horse I passed into a narrow field fronting me along the near line of fence around which my brigade was stationed. I passed over it to the skirmishers inside the line of fence nearest the enemy. I should state here that, although I had a general conception of were the main body of the enemy must be, I had not been able to see any of them, the small body of cavalry first fired at being a flank guard.

Ordering the skirmishers to take trees and advance through the hollow, I went back to the rear fence; ordered the battery into position on the crest of the field, which was a hill-top of regular elevation in the center; and ordering the entire line forward, it crossed the front fence, passed the hollow, and pushing up the ascent opposite, found itself in presence of the enemy na don his right flank, and opened a rapid fire upon him at a distance of 100 yards, which was promptly responded to. Prior to this Cabell's battery, in front of the enemy, had been directing a fire upon him answered by his four guns. When my men opened the rattle of musketry became instantly very heavy. The enemy returned a fire which but for some advantages of our position must have been very destructive. My field and staff officers were fortunately all dismounted. A horse in rear of the line could not have escaped five minutes. My men went in with spirit, shouting and fighting undauntedly; but in a little time it became evident that we were outnumbered and that the fire upon us was heavier than we could bear, and under it a portion of my canter and left fell back into the hollow, and some few into the field back of us, over which we had passed. i was in person on the left, and with the assistance of Captain Bell, assistant adjutant-general, halted these and rallied them, and just then Captain Krumbhaar, whose order from me had been to fire whenever he could see anything to fire at, concluding that it was a good time for his interposition, opened with his howitzers, and calculating correctly the range, dropped his shells most effectively in the very midst of the enemy and near their artillery. The effect was immediately discernible. our men above gave a loud shout. I advanced the men from the hollow, who went up with a will. The enemy commenced falling back.

Greene's brigade, of Marmaduke's command, coming in upon my right, lent co-operation in the very moment when most effective, and from that forward our movement was onward, and the enemy soon in complete rout. The enemy's artillery falling back, and supported by successive stands made by their infantry upon each succeeding ridge, after taking off to the right of the road was captured by a mixed body of the advancing troops from my command and from the front.

The enemy's train of 200 wagons, laden with corn, bacon, stole bed-quilts, women's and children's clothing, hogs, geese, and all the et ^N of unscrupulous plunder, was found standing in the road, having only a few defenders remaining when my men got to it. These few were soon killed or scattered. In one of the wagons was a stand of colors, afterward removed by some one. From this forward my men, who were the first up to the train, pursued a half mile farther up the road and were then order to form a new line. The Choctaws, who, from their position flanking nearly to the enemy's rear, were better enabled to pursue them advantageously, continued keenly on their track and did splendid service, which it is not my province to detail. My men were much fatigued before getting to

