
Numbers 77. Report of Colonel Tandy Walker, commanding Second Indiana Brigade, of engagement at Poison Spring.
HDQRS. SECOND INDIAN Brigadier, In the Field, April 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The following report of the action of this brigade in the engagement at Poison Spring on the 18th is respectfully submitted: In obedience to orders the brigade occupied the extreme left, and was composed of about 300 men of the First Regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James Riley, and 380 men of the Second Regiment, under the command of Colonel Simpson W. Folsom. Owing to the various movements of the troops on the right the brigade was very much delayed in getting into position, but finally got into line just in rear of the field near the train of the enemy. The enemy occupied a line between the field and his train, protected by a densely wooded ravine. Being in line I immediately ordered the brigade forward, but halted in the edge of the field on account of a report from a party of cavalry on my left that the enemy was moving upon my left flank, which report was confirmed by rapid firing on my left; but soon perceiving from the heavy firing on my right that the brigade here was being hotly engaged, I ordered my brigade to move rapidly across the field and charge the enemy and drive him from the woods on the ravine. The charge was made and the enemy driven from the ravine by a courage on the part of officers and men well becoming and army of veterans.

The enemy formed next at his wagon train, drawn up on the road which ran along the brow of a wooded hill, but was pressed so closely by this brigade that he soon fled across the road and in a direction up the road to the left, when the rain fell into our hands, and soon a portion of his artillery, which my troops found concealed in a thicket near the train. I feared here that the train and its contents would prove a temptation too strong for these hungry, half-clothed Choctaws, but had not trouble in pressing them forward, for there was that in front and to the left more inviting to them than food or clothing-the blood of their despised enemy. They had met and routed the forces of General thayer, the ravagers, of their country, the despoilers of their homes, and the murderers of their women and children; and on they went, driving immediately by a second charge the enemy from a strong position, which he had taken behind the buildings to the left and near by the wagon train. The enemy retreating to the left threw my brigade in front, and, being encouraged by the capture of the artillery, they pursued them madly.

I deem it proper here to mention the name of Private Dickson Wallance, Captain Folsom's company, First Regiment, who in the pursuit was the first man to the artillery, and mounting astride one of the guns gave a whoop, which was followed by such a succession of whoops from his comrades as made the woods reverberate for miles around. Colonel Folsom, of the Second, and Lieutenant-Colonel Riley, of the First Regiment, were conspicuous for their good conduct and bravery. I regret to report the loss of Lieutenant Roebuck and 3 men killed and 4 men wounded of the Second Regiment, and 3 men wounded in the First Regiment; none missing.

TANDY WALKER,Colonel, Commanding Second Indiana Brigade.

Captain TOM P. OCHILTREE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

54 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

