
MARCH 24 and 27, 1864. - Skirmish (24th) at Oil Trough Bottom and skirmish (27th) near Cross-Roads, Ark.

Report of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., March 31, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of 200 men, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, sent out on 24th instant under command of Captain A. B. Kauffman, have just returned and report that on the 26th [27th] instant they encountered a band of guerrillas, nearly all of whom were Missourians, at the mouth of Devil's Fork of Red River, and killed 19 out of 25. These vagabonds were rejoicing over a victory they claimed to have had over a Captain Hinkle and a body of Federal cavalry from Little Rock, stating Hinkle had captured 2 of their men whom they rescued, killing 9 of the Federal party.

No prisoners were taken from their party, all refusing to surrender and fighting desperately to the last. One man wounded on our side, and 4 horses disabled.

On the 24th instant 25 men of Second Arkansas Cavalry charged and routed 40 men of the enemy under Captain George Rutherford in Oil Trough Bottom, killing Captain McGuffin and 3 others, capturing 2, and putting the rest to flight. Scarcely a day passes that some of the numerous scouting parties I keep out do not report some of the enemy killed or captured.

My whole list of killed of the enemy's force now is 286, including guerrillas and Confederates. I have in prison 8 Confederate captains and 6 lieutenants, besides a large number of enlisted men. If the same rate of destruction continues I cannot at present see how the enemy can remain in this part of the country much longer. If my horses were only in fair condition I would rid this portion of the department of every armed rebel in it.

I have refused overtures from General McRae to exchange prisoners with him. He claims to have about 100 Federal soldiers and officers in Woodruff County, captured at Hopefield, Helena, Clarendon, and Devall's Bluff. I refused treating with him unless he recognized the 4 men of the Fourth Regiment Arkansas Infantry as prisoners of war and not as deserters. My correspondence on that subject is forwarded to your headquarters. I have an inclination to go down and find McRae and have him move his headquarters across White River, but his present location is not exactly in my district; but if the major-general commanding will not deem me as encroaching on the territory of others of his commanders I shall be pleased to take an excursion after these swamp chivalry and clean them out.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav., Commanding Dist.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Arkansas.

