
From Kemp's pursued a southerly course 5 miles, when I discovered a fresh trail of a wagon crossing the road through the woods drawn by mules. Leaving the main road I pursued. In about 1 mile distance I came up with the wagon. It proved to be one of Brown's, of Richwoods. The wagon was loaded with corn, bacon, meal, bed clothing, two rifles, some powder and lead; in fact, a complete outfit for lying out. Learning from his negro man that he was endeavoring to escape into the brakes of Turkey Creek, and that Mr. Brown had preceded his some few hours by another route with some sixteen mules and horses, I confiscated the load, burnt the wagon, took the mules into service, and enlisted the negro, and pressed on in pursuit. After a circuitous march to the east some 7 miles, lost the trail. Marching south 2 miles farther I encamped near a field containing an abundance of fodder - corn I had carried on the horses from Kemp's. Marched during the day 22 miles.

March 27, 7 a. m. - Marched in a southerly direction to the crossing of Devil's Fork (Lockard's), 8 miles. About 1 1/2 miles north of Lockard's on a branch is a grist-mill, and a little beyond on the mountain is a distillery. From Lockard's I marched west 3 miles, crossing the Devil's and Middle Forks of Red River to Mills' plantation. Here I found plenty of corn and fodder, also a blacksmith shop with plenty of coal. Had several horses shod and some shoes made. I learned that Captain Joslin, with 17 men, had passed east two days previous en route for McRae's rebel command; that Captain Hinkle (Federal), from Lewisburg, Conway County, Ark., was scouting about Sugar Loaf Springs and Quitman; that he had a brush with some bushwhackers, killing 1 and capturing 2. Leaving Mills', I crossed Red River, thence southeast 7 miles to Cross-Roads, learning here that a band of bushwhackers under Smith, numbering some 25 men, had pursued and attacked Hinkle's men, killing several and recapturing the 2 whom he had taken prisoners, and that they had but a short time passed through Cross-Roads traveling south toward the river. With this information I immediately pursued, the Second Squadron, under Lieutenant Gallagher, leading in the advance in the order of march, followed by the First Squadron, under Captain Weber. About 12 men, under Lieutenant Poole, constituted the advance guard, 100 yards interval from the head of the column. I instructed Lieutenant Poole to charge the bushwhackers on sight, and that his efforts would be immediately supported by the Second Squadron, under Lieutenant Gallagher. Pursuing their trail about 1 1/2 miles brought the advance suddenly in sight of the enemy, who were occupying an old house in a hollow about 100 yards distant. Their horses were saddled, bridled, and tied to the fencing and trees about the house. They had no guards or pickets out, and evidently had not been long there. Lieutenant Poole with the advance charged them, as directed, fearlessly, followed by the Second and First Squadrons. The enemy, so completely surprised, were soon overwhelmed, routed, and killed, not more than 5 or 6 of their number escaping. Three prisoners were captured, 1 of them mortally wounded: I found among their effects many articles of clothing and equipments captured from Hinkle's men, and 2 of the prisoners captured were the same men who were recaptured from Hinkle. It growing late, I marched 1 mile east to Brewer's and encamped. In the engagement I had 1 man wounded (not seriously), 2 horses killed, and my own wounded. Marched 20 miles; found corn and fodder.

