
March 28, 8 a. m. - Had the 2 prisoners captured yesterday tried this morning by a military commission. Found them guilty, on the affidavits of 2 citizens, of bushwhacking; had them shot to death in the field east of the camp. Marched back to Cross-Roads, and from thence to Kendall's plantation. Sent the Second Squadron, under Lieutenant Gallagher, back to Cross-Roads to assist several families of refugees who were desirous of accompanying the command to Batesville. Found plenty of corn and fodder at Kendall's. Fed the First Squadron and returned in the evening to Cross-Roads and camped. Sent a detachment 1 1/2 miles north to Captain McMahan's premises (a notorious bushwhacker); burnt his house and effects.

March 29, 12 m. - Marched north 4 miles, thence east-northeast 8 miles, carrying corn for one day on the horses. Camped on the mountains on the head of Peter Creek, about 3 miles from the mouth of Coon Creek.

March 30, 7 a. m. - I took a detachment of 50 men and Lieutenant Poole and struck northeast to the mouth of Coon Creek. The main command, under Captain Weber, I ordered to march in an easterly direction toward Cedar Grove, and that I would with the detachment return and overtake them in the evening. The trail to the mouth of Coon Creek I found very obscure, leading over a very abrupt and broken country. My guides had no knowledge of the country. Striking the Devil's Fork one-half mile below the mouth of Coon Creek, I mistook the Devil's Fork for Coon Creek, and as I desired to move up the Beech Fork with a view of searching for Government mules which I thought might be hidden in the canons of said creek, I moved down the Devil's Fork some 3 or 4 miles through an intricate country bounded on both sides of the river by high, rocky, and abrupt hills. Being satisfied that I must be on the Devil's Fork, I returned, and, passing up the creek from where I first struck it, found the mouth of Coon Creek and Beech Fork. I moved up Beech Fork some 5 or 6 miles to the first farm on the creek. The road for the first few miles crosses the creek some dozens of times. The hills bounding the creek are very abrupt and close in on either side. The valley of the creek is narrow, at places is covered with cane. At the house I captured 3 of Britewell's men, also found 1 musket, 1 double-barreled shotgun loaded with buckshot, 2 rifles and 1 six-shooter, 3 horses, evidently ready for service, and 1 Government mule in good condition. It growing late in the day I had not time to go farther up the creek. I struck across the mountains east to Coon Creek, distance about 3 miles. Leaving Coon Creek by a trail up the mountains I marched in a southeasterly direction some 6 miles, when I struck the trail of the main command, which I pursued some 10 miles to camp, at McBride's. Found corn and some fodder at McBride's, about sufficient to feed the command. Could hear of no other corn in this neighborhood.

March 31, 7 a. m. - Marched in the direction of Batesville. Was much delayed in consequence of the refugees' oxen giving out. When near Ruddle's Ford sent the refugees around to the ferry, and with the command forded the river and arrived at Batesville at about 5 p. m. Distance scouted over about 130 miles, and horses in better condition than when I left. I would respectfully call your attention to the officers and men of my command for their zealous performance of duty and hearty co-operation during the scout, and particularly Lieutenant Poole and his advance guard, for their unfaltering charge upon the bushwhackers at Cross-Roads. Inclosed you will find the

