
proceedings of the military commission on the trial of the two prisoners shot to death.*

The horses, arms, and equipments are now being turned over to the provost-marshal, but is not yet completed. Returns will be made out as soon as completed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. KAUFFMAN,

Captain Eleventh Missouri Cav. Vols., Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant A. J. NEWBY,

Adjutant Eleventh Missouri Cav. Vols.

MARCH 25, 1864. - Skirmish near White River, Ark.

Report of Captain Albert A. Irwin, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Batesville, Ark., March 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make to you the following report of a scout under my command, numbering 30 men, that started on the morning of the 25th in search of Captain Rutherford's rebel command:

After arriving at Sulphur Rock I ascertained the whereabouts of the enemy, and at once continued the pursuit in the direction of White River. After arriving at the river I found the enemy had crossed a short time ahead of me. I at once, at Magnes' Landing, crossed the river and resumed the pursuit, and after marching in a southeasterly direction I found the enemy, 40 strong, halted on a hill-side in a grove of white oak, engaged in feeding their horses and resting. I immediately ordered my command to charge, and after a sharp skirmish of about a quarter of an hour, succeeded in routing the enemy, killing 4 men, capturing 2 more, 1 of them wounded, and releasing 3 Union men whom the rebels had captured and kept under guard. We also captured several horses, stand of arms, &amp; c., which I will turn over to the provost-marshal. After pursuing the enemy several miles I concluded to return, and reached this place at 7.30 p. m., without losing a man or having any wounded.

I have the honor to remain, yours, respectfully,

ALBERT A. IRWIN,

Captain Company B, Second Arkansas Cav. Volunteers.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Dist. of Northeastern Arkansas, Batesville, Ark.

MARCH 25 - 26, 1864. - Scout from Batesville to Fairview, Ark.

Report of Captain Edward Lawler, First Nebraska Cavalry.

BATESVILLE, March 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report: In compliance with orders from district headquarters, I left Batesville

---------------

* Proceedings of Commission omitted.

---------------

