
with a detachment of First Nebraska and Eleventh Missouri Cavalry March 25, moving out on Smithville road 10 miles. Ascertained the enemy had been in that vicinity the day previous and had moved toward Sulphur Rock. I at once struck across the country toward Sulphur Rock, but hearing they had left there at 9 o'clock that morning, I proceeded at once toward Magnes' Landing. They had crossed some five hours before and were being closely pursued by a detachment of the Second Arkansas Cavalry. I at once crossed White River and marched until 8 p. m., camping for the night 5 miles from the river. Next morning, not being able to learn in what direction he had moved, I proceeded southwest, striking the Little Rock and Batesville road 3 miles from Fairview. Not being able to ascertain anything of their whereabouts in Fairview, I struck toward Batesville, arriving at 5 p. m.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

EDWD. LAWLER,

Captain, First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas.

MARCH 27, 1864. - Affair in Deepwater Township, Mo.

Report of Captain Joseph H. Little, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

GERMANTOWN, MO., March 31, 1864.

SIR: For the information of the genera commanding the District of Central Missouri, I have the honor to transmit, through your headquarters, the following report: About 10 p. m. on the 26th instant, Mr. Short, of Deepwater Township, Henry County, Mo., came to my headquarters and informed me that a party of bushwhackers were in his neighborhood menacing the citizens and committing the most outrageous acts of plunder, also threatening those who had enrolled for police duty at this station. I immediately dispatched [a detachment] under command of Sergt. John W. Barkley, of my company, in pursuit. One of the bushwhackers had in the mean time been severely wounded by Mr. Archibald Colson, a citizen of the neighborhood. This enabled Sergeant Barkley to overtake the band, who had taken their wounded confederate along with them. Barkley came upon them about 1 a. m. and ordered them to surrender; this their leader defiantly refused. They were strongly posted in the house of a citizen by the name of Matthew Dunn, against whom strong suspicion as an accompliance of the desperadoes rests. The leader gave his name as Captain A. D. Jones, C. S. Army, and told Barkley that he was able to defend himself, at the same time opening fire on Barkley's detachment, which was promptly returned. A part of the band who had been plundering in the neighborhood now came dashing up with wild yells, firing rapidly and shouting to their comrades in the house to come out; this the leader attempted to do, but as he opened the door, a volley of bullets from Barkley's men warned him that if he attempted to rush out, certain death would be the result. He accordingly retreated and a fight was kept up during the night. Barkley not knowing what

