
the highest praise for the gallant manner in which he conducted the affair. Such men are justly entitled to the highest credit, and should be promoted for gallantry. This achievement is one among the many acts of skill and bravery exhibited by Sergeant Barkley since he has been a member of my company. I would respectfully suggest that as testimonials of their bravery Sergeant Barkley and Mr. Colson receive each a revolver from those captured from Gann and party. The highest praise is due the loyal citizens of Deepwater Township for their assistance in ferreting out these lawless bands. Mr. Short, who reported on the marauders on the 26th instant, deserves great credit. The trial of Gann and Herold was informal, but was resorted to to obtain the facts in the case. Please find the evidence inclosed.*

I have the honor to remain, yours, respectfully,

J. H. LITTLE,

Captain Company E, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Colonel MCFERRAN,

First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

MARCH 27 - 31, 1864. - Scout from Little Rock to Benton, Ark.

Report of Captain E. H. Vance, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., March 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, I left Little Rock at 3 o'clock on Sunday morning; took the left-hand road 4 miles west of this place, and then took the right about 8 miles, and took breakfast at Mr. Lewis' house, some 12 miles from Little Rock. We then went in by Brown's tannery; half mile west of the latter place we came in sight of two bushwhackers. The advance guard made an effort to overhaul them, but failed to get them. One of them was run so close that he dropped his gun, which our boys got. We then went to George Elrod's place, and from there to Benton, at which place we arrived at 1.30 o'clock on Sunday evening. We here learned that Captain Bunner had a brush with some guerrillas. We stopped at Benton for the night. On Monday morning we traveled down on the east side of the Saline River to Steele's Mill, where our advance came in sight of some guerrillas, 200 yards distant. They endeavored to overtake them, but again failed. We then continued down the river for 15 miles, and then turned east and stopped for the night at Alexander Nall's place, a rebel lieutenant. Our picket fired at some one approaching our camp in the night. Two rebels were seen and chased by our boys in the morning.

On my way down I learned from William B. Young and William Sterinan that there was a set of rebel guerrillas stealing cotton in the neighborhood, who were pressing wagons and hauling stolen cotton to Benton, and getting it hauled from there to Little Rock. They pressed Mr. Sweeden's son and Joseph Pretter and Mrs. Finley's team to haul cotton from William Swappord'd to Samuel Steele's house, where two bales remain. Mr. Young states that Mr. Sweeden's son informed Young that the cotton was taken from William Swappord, a citizen of Saline County, being 18 miles below Benton, and hauled it to Mrs. Sarah Miller's; this was on the 18th of March. On

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

