
the 20th, two days after, Mrs. Olivia McAdo, Mrs. Sue Thompson, Mrs. Jane Elrod, and Miss Bethena Wiley came to Mrs. Miller's and took two bales off, and Mrs. McAdo and Miss Bethena Wiley came to Little Rock with one bale of the cotton; the balance was thrown off in the woods or concealed. On Sunday last Mrs. McAdo, Mrs. Sue Thompson, Miss Bethena Wiley, Miss Fanny Lee, and Mrs. Thomas Glidewell came in with the remainder of the cotton. On learning that these ladies would probably be back on Tuesday night, and thinking that probably the guerrillas would be there to get the news, &amp; c., I returned to Benton and arrested three of the ladies engaged in hauling the cotton, and I was not mistaken; the bushwhackers made a desperate rally to get the captured wagon and their fair friends, but they failed to get either. The goods are now in my possession, and subject to your order. From Benton we returned to Little Rock.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. H. VANCE,

Captain, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Brigadier General N. KIMBALL.

MARCH 29 - APRIL 1, 1864. - Scouts from Bellefonte, Ark.

Report of Major James A. Melton, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, April 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the return to this encampment of Captain O'Brien, of my command, sent on a reconnaissance day before yesterday, with 50 men, as per information sent to you in my communication of that date. Captain O'Brien went down as far as Burrowsville, by Old Lebanon, and crossing Buffalo at the mouth of Central Big Creek, passed on this side of the river and arrived this evening, having on the way reported the result of his reconnaissance to Major Murphy at Yellville. Captain O'Brien reports the enemy divided, Relliford, with 300 men, at Sylamore; McRae's old command at Richwoods, 500; Love, Sissell, and Cordwell around Old Lebanon with 75 men, poorly armed. Of these 4 were killed by Captain O'Brien's command. I have also to report two scouts, both under Sergeant Tramel, of G Company, of this regiment. First, on the 29th, the sergeant had with him 6 men and ran into a camp of 15 bushwhackers; 4 of these latter were killed, the balance flew. Second, the same sergeant reported to-day from another scout, wherein out of a party of 10 guerrillas he met, 8 were killed, 1 wounded, the other escaped. Tramel had with him 20 men. He captured 3 and killed 2 of the enemy's horses. The arms he captured he gave them on the spot to Union men who were then under his protection. The detachment of this regiment sent to Batesville is now within striking distance, and will report to-morrow. I will await your decision upon this report before I attempt any movement. I feel confident that I can hold the country against all the forces the rebels can muster below here with my six complete companies.

I am, general, & c.,

JAMES A. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

