
Numbers 3.-Captain Charles Galloway, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant John E. Phelps, Third U. S. Cavalry, commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 5.-Captain William C. Human, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Major Lyman W. Brown, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Abstract from Record of Events on returns of the District of Southwest Missouri for January and February, 1864.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Sringfield, February 19, 1864.

GENERAL: Although addressing you a line on official business, i shall be permitted to express my gratification at again reporting to and conferring with the general under whom I fought my first battles, and from whom I received the first commendation for the proper conduct in the trying circumstances of hard-contested fields.

I inclose herewith the reports of Brigadier-General Holland, Fourth Militia District, and Colonel J. E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, of their operations, in Northwestern Arkansas during the past few weeks. The reports of Captain Turner, Sixth Missouri State Militia, and Captain Human, Eighth Missouri State Militia, have already been forwarded, and that of Captain Galloway, of the First Arkansas, will be forwarded in a few days.

Early in January I was advised that from 1,200 to 2,000 Confederate soldiers and bushwhackers had gartered in Newton, Search, Izard, and Carroll Counties, Ark., and were contemplating a raid into this State, with a view of capturing our trains, &amp;c. As soon as possible after obtaining information of this kind I ordered 200 men of the First Arkansas into Newton County, 200 of the Second Arkansas to the same locality, and 200 of the Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry to the place, and to march so that they would arrive at Rolling Prairie about the same time. Captain Turner was at the same time ordered to Batesville with dispatches, with instructions to return by way of Sylamore Creek and intercept any parties moving south, and report to Captain Human in Search County. Captain Human was the first to reach the position occupied by the rebels, and first they manifested quite a disposition to make a stand and fight, but after the three columns made a junction they made no further stand, and all the northwestern position of Arkansas was thoroughly scouted. After the forces that first moved into this section had passed south, nearly to the southern line of Search County, a force of 200 or 300 rebels suddenly made their appearance near Berryville and made some demonstrations that indicated an intention on their part to move north. I immediately sent General Holland with 200 men and a section of artillery to that point. He afterward joined the other troops in the field and continued operations, as will appear from his report. The results of all the movements from the best information I can gather, are the capturing of 70 prisoners of war, 200 Confederate soldiers and bushwhackers (many of them notoriously bad characters) killed, and at least, 1,000 of the rebel soldiers, partisan rangers, and guerrillas driven across the Arkansas River.

