
MARCH 29 and APRIL 4 - 5, 1864. - Skirmishes at Roseville, Ark.

Reports of Colonel William R. Judson, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, commanding District of the Frontier.

FORT SMITH, ARK., April 4, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 29th ultimo a party of rebels attacked our forces at Roseville, 45 miles from here. We drove them from the town, not, however, before they had succeeded in burning 133 bales of Government cotton. Another attack was made on the town this morning by a force estimated at between 400 and 500. We lost 2 killed and 8 wounded. The rebels lost 6 killed and 20 wounded. My force at Roseville amounts to about 120 men. I have sent 25 men, all the cavalry with which I can re-enforce them. I will be able to hold the post of Roseville. Additional troops, in my opinion, are necessary to hold this country immediately.

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding District of the Frontier.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

Little Rock.
HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS,Fort Smith, Ark., April 7, 1864.

GENERAL: There appears to be a movement north. Two hundred Missourians crossed the river 20 miles below here yesterday. At Roseville, 45 miles below, are 300 bales Government cotton. I have some troops protecting it. Guerrillas attacking them daily; have lost 4 men killed and 8 wounded. Enemy's loss 8 killed, 15 wounded. They destroyed 130 bales cotton and 2 gins. I have pressed all citizen teams, and sent all Government teams to move cotton to this place. Your teams shall return without fail; have to go to same place for forage. I shall be obliged to send an additional escort with train. Cannot you spare some troops from your district?

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.

FORT SMITH, April 10, 1864.

GENERAL: Last Sunday 800 rebels, under Colonel Battle, of Gano's division, Texas and Missouri troops, came within 15 miles of Roseville, and divided into two parties. One of 400 attacked Roseville on Monday, where troops were guarding cotton. Loss, 4 men killed and 10 wounded. Rebel loss, 10 killed and 15 wounded; 1 major and 1 lieutenant among the number. Will hold the place. At Clarksville, for the last month, there has been skirmishing. Our loss, 5 killed and 8 wounded. Four hundred rebels, 15 miles from Clarksville, yesterday ordered troops to barricade the roads, take possession of the houses, make loopholes for musketry, and hold the place at all hazards. Have pressed teams to move Government cotton from Roseville to this place. Will use my cavalry with citizen rangers,

