
and drive the enemy from the country. Have mounted some guns on the fortifications, and have no fears of this place. You will see that re-enforcements are necessary to reoccupy the country south of here, and have appointed a quartermaster, and authorized him to purchase horses and mules. I want your concurrence. I can make out two good teams on Monday. Don't allow General Blunt's commissary of Kansas Department, to control, as his quartermaster does, or we will be starved out. Have not a team to procure fuel. Colonel Lynde is on the way, at Fort Scott, Kans. This having the garrison used by the Kansas Department is simply a nuisance. Send re-enforcements if you possibly can.

W. R. JUDSON,

Commanding Frontier District of Arkansas.

General KIMBALL.
HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS,Fort Smith, Ark., April 15, 1864.

SIR: The cotton will soon be out of the way. Your teams will be sent up. I am hard pressed for transportation. The guerrillas and bushwhackers thick. Have not sufficient force to punish them. Expect Colonel Lynde with his regiment. Have you heard anything from him? After the Roseville fight I sent Surgeon Fairchild, with an escort of 25 men, to that point. They were attacked by 200 men. Loss, wounded and prisoners, 12 men and the surgeon; were brutally murdered, stripped, and bodies mutilated. In what direction is your force moving? I will do with pleasure all I can for the doctor.

Your obedient servant,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.

MARCH 30, 1864. - Affair near Greenton, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2. - Captain James B. Moore, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, April 3, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th [29th] ultimo Captain Moore, First Missouri State Militia, with a small scouting party, followed a trail of a small band of bushwhackers for 5 miles on

