
foot; near Greenton came up with and attacked them, killing James H. Waller and wounding one other of the band. Waller was one of Blunt's men; was present when he attempted to rescue the prisoner, Otho Hinton, at Lexington on the night of the 22nd February, and participated in the murder of Mockabee and Sanders at the residence of Arthur G. Young the same night.

This makes the tenth of Blunt's band of 20 that was in La Fayette County about that time that have been killed by scouting parties from Colonel McFerran's regiment, the First Missouri State Militia, in six weeks. The energy with which the troops of this command are scouting the country is unequaled by any that I have heretofore had the honor to command. The results are small, though important to the country.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James B. Moore, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WELLINGTON STATION, MO., April 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report: On the 29th, I was ordered on a scout with 20 men from my company, with orders to scout the brush on Davis as far up as Hopewell, which I did without finding any enemy. On the 30th, while scouting the brush southwest of Greenton, I struck a trail, following it until I came to a house at the edge of the timber. I inquired of the folks if any person had been there. The folks said not. I asked them what those tracks meant that I had followed for at least 3 miles. They told me that it had been loose horses. I asked the lady of the house where her husband was. She told me that he was in the Southern army. I started on the trail, dismounting Nos. 1 and 3 of the command and put them on the trail. I trailed them some 3 miles through the thickest kind of brush before we came to their camp. When I ordered the boys to fire on them they had not seen any of us. We charged on them, killing 1 and wounding 2 others. Captured 1 horse, 2 navy revolvers, 1 field-glass, and several blankets. I then returned with the men to our horses and pursued them 4 or 5 miles, but was unable to get another fire at them.

In making my monthly return I stated that my men had killed a bushwhacker by the name of Bledsoe, but since I learn that it was the notorious Jim Waller that was killed. I find in what scouting I have done a great deal of sympathy among the citizens for the bushwhacker.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MOORE,

Captain Co. F, First Cav., Missouri State Militia.

[Colonel JAMES MCFERRAN.]

