
APRIL 1, 1864. - Action at Fitzhugh's Woods, near Augusta, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Christopher C. Andrews, Third Minnesota Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. - Major Everett W. Foster, Third Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Christopher C. Andrews, Third Minnesota Infantry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LITTLE ROCK,Saturday Evening, April 2, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 169, War Department, October 27, 1862, I have the honor to report the result of an engagement at Fitzhugh's woods, 6 miles above Augusta, on White River, with the forces under Brigadier-General McRae. On Wednesday afternoon last, March 30, at 4.30 p. m., I received orders from Brigadier-General Kimball to proceed on an expedition up White River. At 7 o'clock that evening I left Little Rock with a detachment on the Third Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry (veterans), Major E. W. Foster commanding, consisting of Companies B, C, E, G, H, and I, numbering 186, and proceeded to Devall's Bluff by railroad. We reached there at 4.20 the next morning, and found the steamer Dove, Captain Erwin, in readiness to move. A detachment from the Eighth Missouri Cavalry at that post, numbering 45 men, under command of Captain L. J. Matthews, reported to me on the boat at 6.20, and we immediately put off up the river. The gun-boat Covington proceeded with us, by the mutual wish of the captain of the transport and of Lieutenant G. P. Lord, commanding the gun-boat. After getting some distance up the river we took the precaution to bring on board and detain any persons lurking about the shore whom we suspected would carry intelligence into the country of our approach; and in this way I gained more or less valuable information, and also the services of a good guide.

We arrived at Gregory's Landing, Jackson County, at dusk, and having learned that one of the camps of McRae's men was 4 miles back of that landing, on Straight Lake, I ventured to move out there to surprise it. The evening was rainy and extremely dark, but my guides knew the road perfectly, and my patrols moved forward so carefully there could be no possibility of an ambush. Three miles from the river was a bayou (Cache) difficult even for cavalry to ford, but the detachment of cavalry crossed it without accident, and suddenly surrounded the farm-house near by and as quickly threw out pickets. The information received, however, was that the camp had been abandoned early that morning. The cavalry then recrossed the bayou, and we returned to the transport, arriving on board at 10 o'clock. I gave orders for my command to have breakfast by 5 o'clock next morning, and the transport moved on up to Augusta. At 5 o'clock, therefore, yesterday morning (April 1), we landed at Augusta, a small but pleasantly situated village, and immediately had it surrounded by pickets, and had citizens and colored men brought on board that I might ascertain the number and whereabouts of McRae's forces. I learned that for a few days past his

