
forces and meditated our destruction. His lines having previously been deployed, moved up around us in good order but shouting loudly, and seemed almost to encircle us. I plainly saw, and every one in my command could see, that we were greatly outnumbered, but I had the most unfaltering confidence in the unflinching valor and superior soldiership of every officer and man of my small party, and I believed from the start we would come out victorious. Our line was immediately deployed as skirmishers, the men cautioned to take advantage of every shelter, and a strong company was held in reserve. The cavalry formed on the left and fought dismounted. The fighting commenced sharply, the enemy being within 200 yards of us, and the men on both sides uttering defiant shouts. Above all the clamor we could hear the loud exhortations of their chiefs urging on their men to a charge. They made an attempt, but were repulsed and charged on by us. The firing was the sharpest during the first half hour, and during this time my horse was shot under me. We could see, however, that every movement of the enemy was thwarted by the unerring fire of our sharpshooters. We were damaging and subduing him every minute. Still we were aware that we were fighting experienced and daring men, Rutherford's men especially being well known as cool fighters and good marksmen. They fought dismounted.

The fight had lasted an hour, when it was discovered that a part of the enemy's forces were moving around to our right at difficult range for us, with the evident purpose of intercepting our passage across the bayou. In order to defeat that purpose and to get a somewhat better position, and also to have the benefit of a well of water, which we were beginning to need, I determined to withdraw our line about 150 paces, where we could hold the bayou and also have the protection of a cluster of log buildings and some fences. The greater part of my force had withdrawn to this new position unperceived by the enemy. When he discovered that we had abandoned our first line, which we had stubbornly held during the hardest of the contest, he conjectured we were retreating, and rose up and came on with the utmost shouting and clamor. But our men, who were already in position calmly waiting their approach, poured forth a fire more damaging and deadly than they had yet suffered. From this moment they seemed to give up the fight. Yet leaders advanced, and, with language plainly heard by us, vainly endeavored to stimulate their men to a desperate attack. Two or three of their leaders were picked off by our men while making such brave endeavors. We held that position an hour and a half, during which time our men maintained a cool and effective skirmish fire.

The combat had now lasted two hours and a half, and the enemy was beaten. To guard, however, against any surprise at the bayou, the crossing being difficult and it appearing also that it had been the purpose of the enemy to do us an injury there, I caused a line of sharpshooters to be deployed, concealed on both flanks of the crossing of the bayou in the woods, to protect our crossing whenever we might choose to move. This was promptly attended to by Major Foster. Although the ford of the bayou is about 125 yards wide, and extremely difficult to cross in the vicinity of an enemy, we made the passage without any interference or obstacle, which is further evidence that he had been thoroughly whipped.

We then moved on in our march to the transport, a distance of 6 miles, the road passing through woods, by cross-roads and open

55 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

