
fields, where, if the enemy had dared, he might have chosen his position, knowing as he well did the country. But he did not venture near us again; and we proceeded into Augusta in perfect order, our colors flying, and the men singing, "Down with the traitor;" and arriving in front of the town we halted and gave three cheers for the stars and stripes. We then moved aboard the transport and started on our return, our object having in the main been accomplished. My loss was, in the infantry, 7 killed, 16 wounded, and 4 wounded and missing; in the cavalry, 1 killed and 1 (a recent recruit) missing. All of the wounded except 3 will be fit for duty in a few days. I cannot accurately judge of the enemy's loss, but am confident it exceeds 100 in killed and wounded, including the loss he sustained in his first in effectual charge. I also captured from him 13 prisoners, including 1 commissioned officer and 1 sergeant. We also took a number of good horses and brought away several freedmen. The following is the list* of killed and wounded:

A few men were left as a guard on the transport, and some were used in guarding prisoners; so that the whole number of men I had engaged was only 180. The moral effect of his combat is greatly on our side, showing as it does that with a very small force we are able to defy the combined numbers of the enemy which has been left to hold sway in that fine region of country, and that he is liable to be struck from unexpected sources. The conduct of the officers and men of my command was eminently heroic and prudent. Their efficiency and skill were what I had reason to expect from accomplished and well-disciplined soldiers. Their emulous valor equaled the Spartan standard. The result of their hard-fought contest shows what a resource there is in courage and what power there is in discipline.

The place to which we marched is 168 miles from Little Rock, and we made the expedition and returned to this place and had resumed our ordinary duties here inside of three days.

I am obliged to the quartermaster's department for promptitude in furnishing transportation; also to the commanders of the gun-boat and transport for their promptitude and assistance.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel Third Minnesota Vol. Infty., Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Everett W. Foster, Third Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD MINNESOTA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Little Rock, Ark., April 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part which the detachment of the Third Minnesota Volunteers, under my command, took in the recent expedition and action up the White River, under com

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 8 enlisted men killed, 16 enlisted men wounded, and 5 enlisted men wounded and missing, all of the Third Minnesota, except 1 killed and 1 missing of the Eighth Missouri Cavalry.

---------------

