
mand of Colonel C. C. Andrews, Third Minnesota Volunteers, I received orders from Colonel Andrews at 4.30 p. m., March 30, to be in readiness to march with four days' rations at 6 o'clock that evening, and at 7 o'clock I marched my command, six companies, Company B, commanded by Lieutenant Pierce; Company C, by Lieutenant Grummons; Company E, by Lieutenant Knight; Company G, by Captain Devereux; Company H, Lieutenant Misener; Company I, Captain Swan, 186 strong, to the ferry and immediately proceeded to railroad depot, where, by direction of the colonel, we embarked on cars, and at 9 p. m. left for Devall's Bluff. We reached the bluff at 4 o'clock next morning, and forthwith embarked on steamer Dove, and at 7 o'clock, together with a small force of the Eighth Missouri Cavalry, proceeded up White River, reaching Gregory's Landing (which is 10 miles above Little Red and 100 miles above Devall's Bluff) about 8 p.m., when we disembarked and marched to the support of the cavalry toward Cache River, crossing where it was supposed McRae was camped. After marching 3 miles in the darkness and rain it was ascertained that McRae had left that country and gone toward Jacksonport. Upon getting this information we immediately returned to the boat and proceeded up the river to Augusta, where we arrived at 5.30 a. m., April 1, disembarked, and pushed without delay with 160 men all told into the country on the Jacksonport road, the cavalry in advance. My orders were to keep within supporting distance, which I did. At the crossing of the Cache River road, 4 miles from Augusta, I came up with the cavalry, which had been skirmishing with the enemy for the last 2 miles, and here found them in force. The colonel ordered me to take three companies in to the woods and engage them. I took Companies E, H, and I, and drove them before me about 1 mile and across a large cypress swamp. I afterward learned from a prisoner that the force I drove was the notorious Rutherford with about 150 men. At this time we joined the rest of the force, which came another route. The cavalry advanced and I followed, crossing the swamp and proceeding toward Jacksonport, the cavalry doing the skirmishing. We marched on to the Methodist church near Dr. Westmoreland's house, 12 miles from Augusta, where, by the colonel's orders, I halted my command while the cavalry scouted in advance. Finding no force of the enemy, they returned, and after a short rest started back for the boat. We had moved back about 2 1/2 miles and halted to rest at Fitzhugh's farm-house, when we discovered a large force of mounted men charging down upon us on our right and rear. I immediately formed, and by Colonel Andrews' orders sent two companies to engage the enemy - Captain Swan, Company I, those in the road, and Lieutenant Misener, Company H, those on the right. They charged down through the open field with loud yells. I let them approach within 150 yards, then sent a volley of minie-balls into them, which caused them to cease their yelling and break to the rear for the woods with headlong speed. I followed a short distance and discovered we had inflicted a severe loss on them, and returned. Our cavalry having pushed on in advance, we did not follow up. Finding the enemy not disposed to come out of the woods, we marched on about 2 1/2 miles to Fitzhugh's woods, when the enemy was again heard shooting and yelling and seen coming down through an old corn-field on the same flank as before. I immediately fixed bayonets and charged on at double-quick to meet him, coming up in line at about 200 yards from his force, which was, I should judge,

