
at least 300 strong, and gave him a volley before he opened. He immediately broke to the rear for the thick timber. At this instant, when we gave a shout to see the enemy broken, we were attacked by another and still larger force from the road we had just come up. The troops were immediately faced about and charged down into the woods in the face of a deadly fire from the enemy. While leading this charge the colonel's horse was killed under him. After gaining the heavy timber, we engaged the enemy as skirmishers in a combat which lasted two and a half hours, when I discovered that we were getting short of ammunition. I reported the fact to Colonel Andrews, who ordered me to withdraw gradually from the timber and occupy some farm buildings up the road toward Augusta and protect the crossing of the Cypress, about 2 1/2 miles farther on, which was successfully accomplished. The cavalry passed through the swamp, the infantry following. We then formed on the opposite side and marched to Augusta, 6 miles, without further annoyance, bringing some 30 prisoners and a large number of contrabands which had been picked up during the day.

The following embraces a full list* of casualties in the regiment at the combat of Fitzhugh's woods. The loss of the enemy, as near as could be ascertained, was upward of 100, four times our own. Of these, several were known to be officers.

I am very proud to say that every man was perfectly cool during the entire engagement, and many instances of great daring and bravery occurred which are worthy of being particularly mentioned. Hardly a man escaped without some bullet mark through his clothing. I am especially obliged to Lieutenant Champlin, acting adjutant, and Sergeant-Major Ackers, Quartermaster Sergt. H. D. Pettibone, and First Sergt. C. D. Bevans (who, I lament to say, was killed); also First Sergt. James M. Moran, Company H, and, in short, to all the officers and men of the regiment, for their promptitude in obeying orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient,

E. W. FOSTER,

Major, Commanding Third Minnesota Volunteers.

Captain JOHN PEETZ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

APRIL 1, 1864. - Affair near Bloomfield, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

BLOOMFIELD, MO, April 2, 1864.

I sent out a squad of men under Captain Shibley yesterday. They came upon 3 guerrillas in the act of robbing a Union man's house; killed 1 of them and have brought the other 2 in as prisoners. One claims to be from Douglas County, Mo., the other from Illinois. Both say they belong to Kitchen. What shall I do with them?

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 7 enlisted men killed, 16 wounded, and 4 missing.

---------------

