
APRIL 1 - 10, 1864. - The Pearl River (Louisiana) Expedition.

Report of Major Martin M. Pulver, Twentieth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Pike, April 21, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Defenses of New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Major Pulver of the Pearl River expedition after the steamer Swaim. I would add that the major is entitled to all credit for the result of the expedition, which was achieved only by the most indomitable and unwavering perseverance and courage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIOT BRIDGMAN,

Colonel, Twentieth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Pike, Laa., April 1, 1864.

Major PULVER:

You will proceed, in command of Companies C, D, E, and F, Twentieth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, on board the steamer Lizzie Davis, up West Pearl River as far as practicable, and bring off any lumber, brick, wood, boats, or other property belonging to rebels which may be useful to the U. S. Government, and destroy any of the above-named classes of property which cannot be moved, and which may be of service to the rebel army. You will especially take all negroes who can be of any service to the Government. You will also observe and report upon the character of the country with particular reference to its importance for military operations, returning as soon as the object of the expedition is accomplished.

E. BRIDGMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

In obedience to the above order I went on board the steamer Lizzie Davis at midnight of the 1st of April, in command of the above-named companies, numbering about 150 men in all, and proceeded up West Pearl River to within about 1 mile of Fletcher's Crossing, where we tied up for the night of the 2nd. On the morning of the 3rd, we proceeded on up the river as far as Homes' Bayou, which I found so thoroughly blocked up with driftwood and trees that had been cut in that it was useless to attempt to go through it. Prospects for doing serious damage to the enemies of our country in that direction looked extremely doubtful, as the inhabitants, what few there were, were very poor, and most of them deserters from the rebel army. It now being late in the day, and considering navigation farther up West Pearl extremely hazardous for a boat as large as the Lizzie Davis, I determined to turn my attention to something of more importance and in which I hoped to be more successful than I had been in the exploration of West Pearl River. I accordingly ordered the boat turned downstream, and tied up for the night about 1 mile below Homes' Bayou, at or near Indian Bayou. On the morning of the 4th, I landed three companies on Honey Island, and crossed over to East Pearl River, coming out just below the mouth of McCall's River, where I had previously heard the steamer J. D. Swaim was lying, having been run up there some two years ago. After some little difficulty I succeeded in obtaining possession of the ferry, the flat being at the time on the opposite side of the river.

