
I am now holding with troops belonging to my command posts at berryville, Rolling Prairie, and Yellville, Ark., and design sending a force to Bennett's River, in Fulton County, very soon, if the same will be permitted, Fayetteville, Huntsville, and Bentonville being occupied by the First Arkansas Cavalry and battery, of which I to-day have relinquished command.

It is of the utmost importance to this State, especially this section of it, that that portion of Arkansas lying north of the Boston Mountains should be occupied by troops and kept clear of rebel troops and bands of guerrillas. Izard, Search, Newton, and Carroll Counties are, and for nearly a year have been, the great rendezvous or base of operations for all bands of guerrillas and murderers that infest this section of the State. Fulton County is also a great place of resort for them. It is therefore of the utmost importance to station troops enough in these counties to drive out all these enemies. The farmers and people in the southern tier of counties in this State would then feel state and return and cultivate their farms, an object of the first importance. Forage is abundant, too in these counties in Arkansas, while in the southern tier of counties of the State there is none; hence it is impossible station or support any troops in them. It seems, therefore, to be of the first importance to this department or to the people of Missouri, that this department should extend south to the Boston Mountains, which seems the natural line dividing the country and departments or that there should be a perfect understanding with General Steele that this country north of Boston Mountains should be so occupied by his troops that no large bands or organizations can be found there. If this should be done, the Second Arkansas Cavalry might be transferred to the Department of Arkansas, and I could manage this district with the Missouri troops alone. The people of this State will not return to their farms in the border counties unless all the counties that I enumerated in Arkansas are occupied by our troops, or at least until a home guard force is formed and organized, which can be done speedily.

I desire to be advised whether I should withdraw all troops belonging to my command that I am now operating with temporarily in Arkansas. Many of them are enrolled militia and Missouri State Militia troops. I can protect the people and property of the district far better with operating there than at home here, and get forage much better.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Colly B. Holland, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., February 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following submit the following report of my operations and movements against the enemy in southern portion District of Southwest Missouri:

In obedience to your orders I left Springfield, Mo., on the 26th ultimo, to assume command of the forces operating in Northern Arkansas.

