
After crossing most of my men, leaving but a small force under the command of a lieutenant on the island as picket, I proceeded up East Pearl to the mouth of McCall's River, where I found the aforesaid steamer J. D. Swaim, and although sunk to her guard, a much better prize than I had anticipated. We immediately commenced bailing and pumping the water out of her, and on the morning of the 5th, found that the prospects of getting her down the river were rather favorable than otherwise. Consequently, I sent a lieutenant with 10 men back to the Lizzie Davis, ordering them to proceed down West Pearl through Middle to East Pearl River, thence up East Pearl as far as practicable. But the captain of the Lizzie Davis (George Sprague) having died suddenly the night previous the lieutenant in command wisely concluded to descend West Pearl River to East Pearl Pass, that the captain's remains might be sent to the fort. At or about 12 m. of the 5th, finding the Swaim afloat and most of the water out of her, I determined to try and descend the river without steam (her machinery not being in order), and immediately cast off and floated down (there being a strong current) nicely for about 3 miles, when we were brought up on a bed of sunken logs, where we remained for fifty-six hours. While in this condition a messenger arrived from the Lizzie Davis, stating that she was lying in East Pearl, 2 miles above Gainesville, awaiting orders. As we were out of provisions, and had been for two days, except such as we foraged for, I sent a message to the lieutenant in command ordering him to sent up what provisions he could spare, and then return to the fort for more. In the mean time we had worked almost incessantly trying to get the Swaim afloat, and had succeeded in moving her some 300 feet, when, it beginning to rain hard, we were obliged to suspend operations. On the morning of the 8th, there having been considerable rain, we were enabled to get her off, and had the satisfaction of tying up that night free from snags or sand-bars, of which we had crossed several during the day. On the morning of the 9th, we cast off our lines, and without much further trouble passed down the river to within 5 miles of Gainesville, where we tied up for the night alongside of the Lizzie Davis, which had been to the fort and returned. On the morning of the 10th, we dropped down to Gainesville, where the Lizzie Davis took us in tow and started for the fort, picking up on the way Companies A, G, and H, who had been sent to assist us, arriving at the fort about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 11th, having been out ten days.

I wish to say a word in favor of the officers and men under my command, and especially the officers who, during our severe trial in getting down the boat, and even when we were 55 miles from the fort without provisions and stuck fast on a bed of sunken logs, did not for an instant flag in their endeavors to get her off and make the expedition successful; and also of the officers of the Lizzie Davis, who did everything in their power to help us; and I cannot but think their presence in the river had a good effect upon the guerrillas, if there were any in the country, for had they attacked us they would have given us a good deal of trouble. I find the proceeds of the expedition to be, on returning, 64 contrabands and one steam-boat.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MARTIN M. PULVER,

Major Twentieth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, Commanding Expdn.

