
APRIL 3, 1864. - Affair near Clarksvills, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gideon M. Waugh, Second Arkansas Infantry (Union).

CLARKSVILLE, April 4, 1864.

I surprised a guerrilla's camp yesterday, killed 3, wounded 10, captured 19 horses, 5 Sharps carbines, 5 Enfield rifles, and lots of small-arms, blankets, and saddles. The captain was killed.

G. M. WAUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 5, 1864. - Skirmish at Whiteley's Mills, Ark.

Report of Major James A. Melton, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, April 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant, a scout of this regiment numbering 50 men, under Captain Orr, Company C, and Lieutenant Bell, Company I, attacked the enemy under Sissell, Cooper, Patton, and not unlikely Green, all chiefs of guerrilla bands, concentrated to the number of 250 men at Whiteley's Mills, on the headwaters of Buffalo River.

The enemy had been warned of the approach of Captain Orr, and had formed to receive him. They were partly mounted and partly dismounted. Captain Orr dashed into their camp and twice broke their line of cavalry. After a fire of musketry of about two hours' duration, the ammunition being nearly exhausted, Captain Orr withdrew, with the loss of Privates John H. Murry, Company F, killed, and Obed W. Patty, Company I, missing. Private Gustavus Bishop, of Company C, was wounded. The man missing had his horse shot dead under him, and is probably a prisoner, if not killed. The loss of the enemy has not been ascertained, beyond 1 wounded. The same day a detachment of 15 men, under Sergeant ----, Company K, was sent out on a reconnaissance. The party, through some misunderstanding, divided into two squads, one of which (7 men in all) undertook to escort some refugee families they met within the line while the other squad moved in another direction. Those 7 men thought themselves comparatively secure, being out 3 or 4 miles from camp. At a distance of less than 2 miles from camp the unfortunate squad was charged and fired upon from the rear and Privates Simeon Meek, William E. White, Company F, and Charles A. Dilda, of Company I, were killed or wounded (and since died) before they were aware of danger. The rest made their way safe into camp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

