
APRIL 5 - 9, 1864. - Expedition from New Madrid, Mo., and skirmishes in the swamps of Little River, near Osceola, and on Pemiscot Bayou, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major John W. Rabb, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

Numbers 2. - Captain Valentine Preuitt, First Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major John W. Rabb, Second Missouri Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS POST,New Madrid, Mo., April 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: During the last three weeks the guerrillas have committed numerous depredations upon the inhabitants of the adjacent counties of Mississippi, Dunklin, and Pemiscot, as also those of this county. The cavalry force at my disposal has, until quite lately, been so small, owing to the fact that a majority of them were on veteran furlough, as to preclude the possibility of my making any move which could reasonably be expected to be attended with success. Besides, the inhabitants of the country are nearly all strong secession sympathizers, and do not report until a day or two after they are robbed, and often not at all. The country is filled up with deserters from the Confederate army, some of the guerrilla bands being composed entirely of them. I managed to find the camps of some of these bands, and determined to make a vigorous effort to break them up. On the 5th instant I ordered Captain Preuitt to move with all the available force of the First Missouri Cavalry (report inclosed). With about 200 men of Companies H, I, and K, Second Missouri Artillery, I embarked on the steamer Silver Moon, at 11 p. m. of the 5th instant. At Barfield's Point, Mississippi County, Ark., I ordered Captain W. C. F. Montgomery, Company H, Second Missouri Artillery, with 100 men, to disembark, and march directly back from the river to Chickasawha Settlement on Pemiscot Bayou. I landed with the remainder of the Second Missouri Artillery (about 100 in number) at Osceola, 20 miles below where Captain Montgomery had landed. At this point I learned that a gang of guerrillas had just robbed the town. I immediately took up the line of march for the Pemiscot Bayou, at a point about 10 miles below where Captain Montgomery would strike it. I found a few mounted guerrillas on the road several times during the day, some 5 or 6 of whom were killed; the others escaped. The road led through a swampy country, covered with thick cane and very heavy timber. The water averaged about 1 foot in depth, although at times the men were compelled to wade in it 3 feet deep. At dark we came to the first house, and I found that, after marching hard all day, we had made 12 miles. I there went into camp. A man living in the house, by the name of Mark Walker, informed me that, in common with all the inhabitants of that section, he was a rebel, and had a son in one of the guerrilla bands near there. From this man's conversation I inferred that I would be attacked at daylight the next morning. I immediately posted my pickets, and after the men had eaten supper, stationed Company K, Second Missouri Artillery, about 75 strong, under Lieutenant Winfrey, in and around the house. I then stationed Company I, Second Missouri

