
acquainted with every part of the ground, and it was so dark, and the rain falling in such torrents, that they could neither be seen or heard. One of the sentinels near me did not hear them until I received the summons to surrender. I suppose the attacking party to have been under the command of Colonel Clark, of the Seventh Missouri (Confederate) Cavalry.

I send you copies of several papers* captured by Captain Preuitt, on the dead body of the guerrilla Captain Williams. By these you will see about how many different commands they have in this section of country. I suppose all the parts of regiments and the various guerrilla bands will foot up about 1,000 men. I have been warned by rebel sympathizers, citizens of influence, that it is the intention of Colonels McGee, Kitchen, Clark, and Freeman to make a combined attack on this post; but this I do not fear, as with the command here I think I can repel any force which they can bring to bear. They may attack the town for plunder, but I give them the credit for better judgment than to make an attack on the fort. I think that the only way that these bands can be successfully operated against is to send out a heavy cavalry force from Cape Girardeau and Bloomfield, going down between Little River and the Saint Francis, at the same time a co-operating force of cavalry from this post to move down on this side of Little River. You will notice that one of the inclosed orders is dated at the Blue Cane. This is a dense canebrake, in the center of which is one of the rebel camps. They here have a store supplied with stolen goods, a distillery, several houses, and a large amount of stock. I think the restrictions on shipping goods to this section should be more severe, as I am led to believe that the rebels receive half of their supplies from professed good and loyal merchants.

The three companies of the First Missouri Cavalry stationed here are very poorly mounted. To be effective, they should have at least 50 new horses. The proper requisition was made some two months ago, but the Cavalry Bureau has failed to furnish them. I will send to Saint Louis on the first boat all the guerrilla prisoners that can be convicted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. RABB,

Major Second Missouri Artillery, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding District of Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Valentine Preuitt, First Missouri Cavalry.

NEW MADRID, MO., April 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the particulars of a scout of Companies G, K, and M, of the First Missouri Cavalry, commanded by myself. Pursuant to orders received, I started upon the morning of the 6th instant; marched 45 miles; camped until daylight. About dark upon the 6th, my advance came upon two noted guerrillas, known as a part of Bulge Powell's gang. They were chased by

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

