
Sergt. J. E. Wright, Company G, and one of them killed, who proved to be the famous Luke Bussell. Next morning I took the line of march at daylight; crossed the swamp and Little River about noon, rested here awhile, then proceeded. After having marched one-quarter of a mile, I very suddenly came upon a squad of guerrillas, 25 in number. I charged and immediately routed them, killing 12 and taking 5 prisoners. I have reason to believe that some wounded escaped in the swamps. The evening of the 7th, I camped 5 miles from Hornersville. The morning of the 8th, took up the line of march, traveled 35 miles and camped at Clarkton. The morning of the 9th, started again, and arrived at camp early.

My loss was, in killed, none; 3 men wounded - Francis Lilly, Company M, Thomas Kelly, Company M, and George F. Hammond, Company K, very slightly. One man, formerly a resident in that country, deserted, taking his arms and leaving his arms [sic]. My men are deserving the greatest credit for their conduct in the engagement, as are all the officers engaged.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, your humble servant,

VALENTINE PREUITT,

Captain Co. M., Commanding 3rd Battalion, First Missouri Cav. Vols.

Major RABB,

Commanding at New Madrid.

APRIL 6, 1864. - Affair at Prairie Du Rocher, Ill.

Report of Captain Henry B. Milks, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

FARMINGTON, MO., April 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders received from you to go to Illinois to arrest certain guerrillas and horse thieves, I left Farmington on the 5th of April with 18 men and proceeded to Saint Genevieve, where I found the ferry-boat out of order. I sent some men up the river several miles where they found a flat-boat, which, after working all night on, we succeeded in crossing the river next morning. Immediately on landing I arrested Landon Green, a guerrilla, one of Hildebrand's men. Proceeding 2 miles farther, at Carr's farm I arrested 3 other guerrillas. I then charged on Prairie Du Rocher, where I found the notorious John Hiley and his gang, who made for the bluffs in rear of the town, where they took a stand. After a short and spirited fight we drove them from the bluff, killing Hiley and 2 others. The balance fled, and knowing the country succeeded in making their escape. We had only 1 man wounded. On my way back to the river 1 of the prisoners attempting to escape was shot by the guard. I returned to Farmington on the 7th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. MILKS,

Captain, Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant-Colonel HERDER,

Commanding Post, Pilot Knob, Mo.

