
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 13, 1864.

Captain MILKS,

3rd Cav., Mo. State Militia (through headquarters Pilot Knob, Mo.):

SIR: I have received your report of expedition to Prairie Du Rocher, on which you were sent by Lieutenant-Colonel Herder; it was highly successful, and you are entitled to great credit for it. I am applied to for explanation as to alleged outrages committed by the troops under your command at Prairie Du Rocher, and for return of the guns and horses alleged to have been taken by them there. Report at once on the subject.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 6 - 7, 1864. - Skirmishes on the Arkansas River and near Prairie Grove, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2. - Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 9, 1864.

Colonel Judson, commanding District of Frontier, Department of Arkansas, telegraphs that 500 Missourians from the rebel army crossed the Arkansas on the 6th and 7th. We lost 6 men in skirmishing with them. Colonel Harrison lost 9 men killed, 20 miles from Fayetteville, night before last. Both officers make earnest applications for troops. I cannot spare them, and have fears that their forces may get into the State and do immense damage to the farming interests. I can and will send some force to attack them in a few days. It is with the greatest difficulty that troops can be moved through the country for want of forage.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

FAYETTEVILLE, April 8, 1864.

GENERAL: Last evening Lyon's gang, 22 strong, charged upon our corral-keepers near Prairie Grove, and killed every man, 9 in number. I have sent Major Galloway and Captain Strong with 25 men

