
in pursuit. These rebels make threats that in one week they will have men enough to serve Fayetteville in the same manner. If you send 100 well-mounted men down here in a few days let them report to me for orders, and I will give them active work for a few days.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SANBORN.

APRIL 7, 1864. - Skirmishes near Port Hudson, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Captain James Barnes, Twenty-first New York Battery.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S. Army.

PORT HUDSON, LA., April 8, 1864.

SIR: Yesterday, our line being down between this post and Baton Rouge, 100 cavalry, under Captain Shaw, and a piece of artillery, without caisson, from the Twenty-first New York Battery, were sent out to protect the repair of the line. About 8 miles from this post they were attacked by a very large force of the enemy under Colonel Powers, and obliged to fall back, which they did in good order until within about 1 1/2 or 2 miles of the post, where they were again suddenly attacked by a large body of rebel cavalry, which had come in on the Springfield Landing road, driving in our pickets. In the melee which followed the rebels succeeded in capturing the gun; most of our men escaped. A strong force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery was sent out with all possible promptness, but too late to impede the enemy in his rapid retreat. Our loss is, cavalry, 5 wounded, including a lieutenant, 9 missing; artillery, 7 men missing, 1 gun and 8 horses. I am of the opinion that the affair was as well managed on our part as circumstances would permit; that our loss was less by far than was to be expected under such circumstances, and that the wonder is that with so small a cavalry force it has been possible to keep open 25 miles of telegraph line on a route so exposed, with the great superiority of the enemy in cavalry, without much more serious disasters. The loss of the rebels is not known, although several are reported to have been shot by our cavalry in the affair. I learn from contrabands that General Wirt Adams was in Jackson yesterday with 800 men. I think the rebels had about 600 in the affair of yesterday. The present line from here to Baton Rouge being greatly exposed, I would recommend that it be transferred to the other side of the river along the levee, where most of the distance we would be able to reach the line from a steamer, and where the force of the enemy is now quite small. If this course is not taken it will be indispensable that I should have more cavalry. A fuller report will be sent per mail.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel R. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans.

