
Numbers 2. Report of Captain James Barnes, Twenty-first New York Battery.

PORT HUDSON, LA., April 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 7th instant the following order was received by me:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., April 7, 1864.

Captain BARNES,

Twenty-first New York Battery:

SIR: You will detail a proper detachment with one gun to report to Colonel Fonda immediately.

C. B. GASKILL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The above was indorsed on the back of the following:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Port Hudson, April 7, 1864.

Captain CHARLES B. GASKILL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have ordered 100 men to go with the telegraph repairer, and would like one gun to accompany the expedition.

Respectfully,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

In accordance with the above order, I sent one piece, with a detachment consisting of 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, 7 cannoneers, 2 horse holders, and 3 drivers, under the command of Second Lieutenant George Potts. The caisson was not sent. The gun was drawn by 6 horses. The 2 corporals and 1 cannoneer were on the limber. The remainder were mounted. The detachment left camp at 8 a. m.

From Lieutenant Potts I learn the following particulars: The cavalry and our detachment, all in command of Captain Shaw, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, had reached a point on the Baton Rouge road about 2 miles below Plains Store, when a small body of mounted rebels was seen on the road below, apparently awaiting our advance. The gun was unlimbered and a shell thrown at them, upon which they retired into the woods on the left of the road. A couple of shells were thrown into the woods, when an order to advance the piece was given. After advancing about 200 yards one of our lead horses was shot. The team was taken out, but before the gun could be brought to bear our cavalry came rushing back crying, "Retreat!" Our forces retreated as fast as possible, followed by the rebels to Plains Store. At this point the rebels left the main road and struck into the woods to the left. When our troops had arrived within a couple of miles of Port Hudson the rebels again charged upon them from the woods close upon our left. The cavalry, after partially forming, broke and fled before the gun could be brought to bear, and it was thus left without any support. Our men with the gun attempted to follow the cavalry across an open field to the right, but the field was rough, the ground heavy from recent rains, and the horses exhausted with their rapid pace for several miles. After a short, sharp chase the gun was surrounded and 7 of our men captured. Our loss is as follows: Corps.

