
Charles Barnard and James H. Campbell, and Privates Charles Dexter, Alonzo Duhnam, Moses Potter, Daniel M. Roberts, and John Walker missing; one 3-inch rifled gun, with implements and equipments; 50 rounds of ammunition for same; 6 artillery horses, and the harness of same; 2 revolvers, 2 sabers, &amp; c. It is not known whether any of the men were wounded.

As soon as information reached the post the small force of cavalry at command went out, and I accompanied them with a section of the battery. On reaching the vicinity of the place where the gun was lost I shelled the woods, and when the infantry supports came up a pursuit was undertaken, but the rebel force had retired beyond reach.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNES,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-first New York Battery.

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

APRIL 7 and 15, 1864. - Skirmishes at the foot of the Sierra Bonita and at Spencer's Ranch, near Presidio del Norte, N. Mex.

Abstract from Record of Events on return of the District of Arizona for April, 1864.

March 27. - A detachment of 26 enlisted men of Company F and 20 enlisted men of Company I, Fifty California Volunteer Infantry, and 10 enlisted men of Company C, First California Volunteer Cavalry, under command of Captain Jaames H. Whitlock, Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, left Camp Mimbres, N. Mex., in pursuit of a band of Indians, and overtook them on the 7th instant at the foot of the Sierra Bonita. Killed, after a short engagement, 21 Apache Indians and captured 45 head of stock; no casualties on our side.

April 3. - Captain French, with a detachment of 25 men of Company A, First California Volunteer Cavalry, proceeded to Fort Davis and Presidio del Norte, on the Rio Grande.

April 15. - He surprised at Spencer's Ranch, opposite Presidio del Norte, a Texas spy and scouting party, commanded by Captain Skillman, and after a sharp but short conflict he routed them entirely. Captain Skillman and 2 men were killed, 2 mortally wounded, and 4 taken prisoners, and 5 horses and 4 mules captured; no casualties on our side.

APRIL 8 - 23, 1864. - Expedition from Denver, Colo., to the Republican River, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant George S. Eayre, McLain's Independent Colorado Battery.

CAMP WELD, COLO. TER., April 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report: Agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers --, dated Camp Weld, Colo. Ter., April 7, 1864, I reported to headquarters District of Colorado for

