
down the Republican the scouts returned, bringing with them 19 head of cattle, which the guide identified as being a part of those which had been stolen. On the morning of the 16th, I went with a party and collected and burned all the property which the Indians had thrown away in their hasty flight. My transportation consisted of ten Espenchied's iron-axle freighters, weight 2,000 pounds each, and the condition of my mules were such that it was impossible to follow with it, and the entire absence of grass forbade me following with my horses without some forage. I therefore deemed it prudent to return at once to Denver, make this report, and submit the following: That the Cheyenne Indians are the ones who stole the cattle; that they meditate hostilities against the whites, from the fact of their having first fired upon the command; that they are now encamped upon the Republican, some 200 miles east of Denver; that the distance can be greatly lessened by going other than the usually traveled route; that light thimble-skein wagons are best adapted to transport supplies through that portion of the country.

With these suggestions and an ardent desire, the district commander approving, to be ordered on a similar expedition.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EAYRE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment in the Field.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado.

APRIL 11, 1864. - Affair in Chariton County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel M. Draper, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

MACON, April 13, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to your telegram of the 8th instant, informing me of the robbery at Brookfield, I dispatched Sergt. Thomas J. Westly in charge of a squad at Laclede.

He started immediately on receipt of my dispatch in pursuit. He came up with the gang Monday night about 9 o'clock, in Chariton County; at the first fire our men killed 1 horse, the gang dispersed, and our men pursued. Two of them were run into Elk Creek, which was swimming for horses, and they may be drowned. He captured 3 prisoners, viz, William Hickman, William Hines, Jackson Bazier, all desperate men and noted bushwhackers. The first took the oath at Carrollton last summer, was guide for a party of guerrillas who robbed every Union man on Porche's Prairie, Sunday night last, and shot one John Smith, a German, and discharged soldier of my regiment. Hines was wounded by some of my men in a fight last June. Bazier was a member of Holtsiclves' gang of guerrillas. Hines was in the gang that shot Smith. With them were captured 5 horses, several recognized as having been stolen, 6 double-barreled shot-guns, 3 Colt revolvers, 3 Federal overcoats, 2 uniform coats, and 1 Government saddle. The sergeant had 4 soldiers and 7 citizens with him. He acted with great promptness and deserves much credit.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK.

