
APRIL 12, 1864. - Skirmish near Fremont's Orchard, Colo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Captain George L. Sanborn, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Clark Dunn, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Captain George L. Sanborn, First Colorado Cavalry.

CAMP SANBORN, April 12, 1864.

SIR: Receiving information from W. D. Ripley, of the Bijou, that the Indians had been taking stock and committing depredations on the ranchmen on that creek, I this morning sent Lieutenant Dunn, with 40 men of Companies H and C, to recover the stock, also to take from them their fire-arms and bring the depredators to this camp. This evening an expressman arrived from Lieutenant Dunn, who states that after a hard ride they came up with a party of some 15 or 20 Indians, who, on seeing the soldiers approach, drew up in line of battle and made all preparations for a fight, but finally sent forward one of their party to shake hands, and at the same time began to drive their stock back into the bluffs. They soon all came up and wished to shake hands. Lieutenant Dunn then demanded the stock and commenced disarming the Indians, when they turned and ran, turning and firing, wounding 4 of Lieutenant Dunn's party, 2 mortally and 2 severely. Lieutenant Dunn had previously divided his party, sending a part of them across the country to intercept the Indians, and at the time of the skirmish had with him but 15 men. This much I have learned from the messenger verbally.

The skirmish occurred on the north side of the Platte, 3 miles below Fremont's Orchard. The Indians were going north. It will be well to telegraph to Laramie that they may be ready, for this may be the signal of the uprising. Excuse my suggestion; will send an expressman with further news as soon as we get it.

Lieutenant Dunn has just arrived and reports that none of the men were killed; several of the Indians were seen to fall from their horses, but being freshly mounted, succeeded in getting them away, as the horses ridden by Lieutenant Dunn's men were tired by their long hunt after the Indians, having traveled nearly 80 miles. Lieutenants Dunn and Chase will proceed in the morning on their trail. I have sent for Gerry to act as guide, also to McWade to hurry forward our arms. These Indians were armed with a riffle, a Colt revolver, and bows and arrows each, and were evidently on the war-path, as they did not talk anything but fight. Send down at least 8,000 more cartridges for the carbines for this command.

Major Downing was here when the information was received and fully concurs in the action taken.

I am, sir, in haste, yours, respectfully,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado.

P. S. - Lieutenant Dunn says they represented themselves (the Indians) to be Cheyennes; they also had carbine pistols.

G. L. S.

