
CAMP SANBORN, April 13, 1864.

SIR: Will your order a surgeon down at once, for 2 of the wounded men are unable to be moved, and I think they will not recover unless speedy relief is given them. One of them has an arrow-head remaining in his back; his name is J. G. Brandly. R. E. McBride has two severe wounds from arrows in the back, one opposite the right lung. Both were extracted. A. J. Baird wounded in the right shoulder; the arrow-head still remaining in. John Crosby, pistol wound, breaking the right arm between shoulder and elbow; the ball still in the arm. All the men behaved in the best manner, and only from the fact that a portion of our men were on the ground at the time of the fight and the tired state of the horses, is to be laid the fact that every Indian of the party was not killed or taken prisoner. Lieutenants Dunn and Chase are on the route, having started at 7 this morning, with Gerry as guide, to take the trail; they have four days' rations; shall keep a strong picket out up and down the Platte to protect the route and ranchmen.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Clark Dunn, First Colorado Cavalry.

CAMP SANBORN, Colo. Ten., April 18, 1864.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 9, dated headquarters Camp Sanborn, April 12, 1864, to take from the Indians stock consisting of horses stolen by them from ranchmen in the vicinity of Camp Sanborn, &amp; c., started at daylight, crossing the Platte, dividing my command, and searching the bluffs on the south side a greater part of the day, till about 3 p. m. I discovered their trail running in northwesterly direction toward the Platte River, when, about 4 p. m., on coming out of the sand hills, I discovered the Indians on the north side of the river, evidently intending to steal a herd of horses and mules grazing near Fremont's Orchard, which belonged to the quartermaster at Denver. Though during the day my command had marched about 75 miles over sandy hills, deep ravines, and most of the time without water, the whole country being an arid waste, I immediately ordered the gallop and soon intercepted them from the herd, when, upon approaching them, I discovered a herd of horses, which they detached men to drive into the sand hills toward the north, and placed themselves in a threatening attitude. When near enough to speak to them, Mr. Ripley, a ranchman, who had lost all the stock he had, and who had informed us of their depredations, said that they were the Indians, and pointing to the herd said there was his stock. Feeling the great responsibility that was resting upon me, and not desiring to bring about an Indian was by being the first aggressor, I dismounted, walked forward to meet their chief, and tried to obtain the stock without any resort to violence. After requesting the chief to return the stock, who replied only by a scorn

