
full laugh, I told him I would be compelled to disarm his party, at the same time reaching forward as if to take the arms from one of the Indians, when they immediately commenced firing. I ordered my men to return the fire, and after a short time they fled, and I pursued them about 15 miles, when, finding that my horses would soon be worthless in the pursuit, I started toward Camp Sanborn, which I reached toward midnight, when, obtaining fresh horses and Mr. Gerry for a guide, whose experience for twenty-five years with the Indians we deemed invaluable, I started again at daylight, following the trail till about noon, when it commenced storming violently, snowing and blowing, till the hills appeared to be wrapped in one volume of dust; still I pursued the trail. Though before the storm it had become almost obliterated, it now soon became totally so, when, being unable to discover any further indication of their course, by the advice of my guide I turned toward, about sunset, and reached camp before daylight the next morning.

My command with me and engaged in the skirmish with the Indians numbered only 15 men, of whom 4 men were wounded, 2 mortally and 2 severely. My men were armed with the Whitney pistol, caliber.36, and sabers. The Indians were about 25 strong when the skirmish commenced and were re-enforce by about 20 more. They were all well armed with rifles, navy and dragoon pistols, and the carbine pistol, carrying an ounce ball, besides their bows and arrows. My men during the engagement behaved with great coolness, and evinced a degree of courage deserving more than ordinary credit. If my horses had been fresh, I am confident that this band would never again have troubled the settlers in this vicinity.

I have not yet been able to learn to what tribe these Indians belong, though their lances, shields, bows, and arrows which were left upon the field are said by those most intimate with the Indians' character to be such as are used by the Cheyennes, though their peculiar method of traveling is not at all like them. We omitted to mention that we killed some 8 or 10 of the Indians and wounded about 12 or 15 more.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK DUNN,

Second Lieutenant, First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Detach.

APRIL 12 - 13, 1864. - Expedition up Matagorda Bay, Tex.

Report of Major General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., April 15, 1864.

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General McClernand to report that the transport Zephyr, with two guns, and the gun-boat Estrella, each with a company of infantry, left here on the 12th instant, under orders from these headquarters to sail up Matagorda Bay and gain information respecting the movements of two vessels seen inside the peninsula. On approaching the Matagorda reef the gun-boat Carr and the armed schooner Buckhart, two rebel vessels, were seen on the other side of the reef. Shots were exchanged, without any other effect than temporarily to drive the rebel gunners from their guns.

