
Two rebel scouts were seen on the peninsula, who fled upon seeing a party disembark from our vessel. The same evening the Zephyr ran down a small sloop on her way from Matagorda City to Port Lavaca, her crew jumping overboard into shallow water and escaping. Next day the Estrella and Zephyr sailed to Indianola, and thence to Oliver's Point, in Trespalacios Bay, where they captured another small sloop and two small boats, and burned still another sloop. All were brought to this landing, excepting the burned sloop, and turned over to the quartermaster.

Lieutenant-Colonel Sinclair, inspector-general of this corps, commanded the Zephyr and Lieutenant-Commander Cooke the Estrella. Lieutenant-Colonel Warmoth, of the staff, accompanied the latter.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel R. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 13, 1864. - Skirmish on Spring River, near Smithville, Ark.

Report of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.

BATESVILLE, ARK., April 16, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a scout under command of Major Pace, Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, on the 13th instant encountered a party of 40 of the enemy about 8 miles west of Smithville, on Spring River, charging and routing them. Enemy's loss, 5 killed and 7 captured. No casualties on our side.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav. Vet. Vols., Commanding Dist.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Arkansas.

APRIL 13 - 14, 1864. - Skirmishes at and near Richland Creek, Ark.

Report of Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, April 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following, condensed from a report of Major Murphy, of date the 18th instant, and came to hand yesterday: Captain Turner, Sixth Missouri State Militia, at the above date arrived at Yellville from a reconnaissance on Richland. The 13th instant he had attacked a camp of 63 rebels and routed them completely; one Captain Watkins and 4 others were killed, several were wounded, and 1 made prisoner.

The next day two or three of the guerrilla bands gathered together to the number of 100 or more, under Captains Love and Cordelle.

