
Captain Turner followed them up and attacked their advance. In the engagement Cordelle was killed, and 2 others wounded. From the information he collected, one Colonel Lewis is on Sylamore, with 200 or 300 men, poorly armed and equipped, probably recruiting, and designs to go to Missouri soon on a recruiting tour. Captain Turner had captured 8 horses and mules and some 7 stand of arms.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cav., Commanding

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

APRIL 14 - 18, 1864. - Expedition from Camp Sanborn, Colo., to Beaver Creek, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant Clark Dunn, First Colorado Cavalry.

CAMP SANBORN, COLO. TER., April 18, 1864.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 11, dated headquarters Camp Sanborn, April 14, 1864, ordering me to pursue the Indians committing depredations on the Platte, &amp; c., at 12 o'clock Thursday night, April 14, 1864, I started from Camp Sanborn, being about twenty minutes from the time of receiving the order, with Lieutenant Chase and 30 men of Companies C and H, went to Bijou Ranch, then to Dry Creek, and finally to the Junction Ranch, where the stock had been stolen, when, learning their course and procuring a guide, we soon discovered their trail, and about noon reached the ranch on Beaver Creek, where some ranchmen were supposed to have been murdered. Found no dead, nor any indication of there having been a struggle. Toward night we recovered about 40 head of cattle, and after securing which we followed the trail in a southeasterly direction, up the left fork of Beaver Creek to its headwaters, where, about 4 o'clock the following morning, we reached a point where the Indians had camped about two days before, when my guide (Asbreuft) informed me that the Indians must have gone to the Arkansas River, as the trail was at least 15 miles too far up Beaver Creek to strike the Republican, and, as they were evidently traveling at the rate of 60 miles a day, I considered that before we could reach them they would be on the Arkansas River, and probably in the camp of their tribe, among whom it would be impossible to identify them; and not having sufficient rations with us to last another day, while two days' constant riding had greatly exhausted our animals, we, with great regret, were compelled to return to Camp Sanborn. Lieutenant Chase and the men of Companies C and H, though compelled to remain constantly in the saddle for sixty hours, marching about 250 miles, with regret relinquished the pursuit. Too much credit cannot be awarded them.

In pursuing the Indians we have experienced great difficulty in learning to what tribe they belonged, though every evidence in our possession goes to prove that they are Cheyennes from the Arkansas River. Great difficulty has been experienced in not having pack saddles; this is now about being remedied, as we learn that there

