
are a few that will be here this evening; therefore, hoping that if it again be necessary to pursue the Indians that, properly equipped, I will be able to render a report of not only a pursuit but a capture,

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

CLARK DUNN,

Second Lieutenant, First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Detach.

APRIL 15, 1864. - Skirmish near Baton Rouge, La.

Report of Brigadier General P. St. George Cooke, U. S. Army.

BATON ROUGE, April 16, 1864 - 10.20 a. m.

Information was received of the enemy approaching to attack this place yesterday. A scout of 50, however, drove an equal number as far as 20 miles yesterday afternoon. Reports state 2,000 rebel infantry have crossed the Atchafalaya back of Morganza; they can cross the Mississippi at pleasure, unless gun-boats are sent up. Three companies Illinois cavalry arrived mounted.

P. ST. G. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Major J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 15 - 20, 1864. - Operations in the Indian Territory.

Report of Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guard, commanding Indian Brigade.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., April 21, 1864.

SIR: General Orders, Numbers 14, was received yesterday, and on same day the order relieving General Blunt and placing us in Department of Arkansas. I communicate matters that may concern your command. I hope there has been no stoppage of the supply train; if there has we shall starve.

The day before yesterday a scout of the enemy from the Choctaw Nation swung in on my left and crossed the river, 15 miles southeast, 6 or 7 miles from Mackey's Lick. I sent out one party of infantry, under Captain White Catcher, to watch the fords, and sent two parties, one under my adjutant, Gallaher, and one under Captain Anderson, in pursuit. The stock was ponies borrowed from the women, or pressed - everything that could be got. Adjutant Gallaher, after a 20-mile chase, caught up with one party of rebels and chased them 4 or 5 miles, scattering them and killing a few of them. Captain Anderson found the other party, and after a running fight of 4 miles drove them over the river. One rebel killed in the river; do not know what others were hit.

Yesterday morning a large scout crossed the Arkansas, 25 miles from here, driving in my pickets stationed there. They were all white men but 2, well mounted and equipped. I believe it to be Quantrill; he murdered Jim McKellop, a prominent half-breed Creek, and 4 others at Chosky. I dispatched all the forces I could spare, but as all my cavalry were taken away I am nearly helpless. Two-thirds of the men I sent are infantry. The mounted men that Captain Phillips takes with him are merely on ponies, pressed or bor-

