
the river Instructions to Lieutenant [Finley] were, if finding the enemy had crossed the river at Talbot's Ferry, to destroy the boat to prevent them recrossing at that point. Agreeably to said instructions, Lieutenant Finley proceeded to Talbot's Ferry and received information there (through several sources, I believe) that Freeman and Love with a large force had crossed the river and moved east toward Salem; also of their having expressed a determination to move northward into Missouri early in the spring.

Leaving Captain Humna's battalion at Yellville, I moved on the 13th to Dubuque, to co-operate with Major [Captain] Galloway's command in any demonstrations I would have deemed important to make against the enemy across the river. Upon my arrival at White River, I found the same quite shallow and easily forded at many places. I had designed moving east in of Freeman, but finding the river in such a condition as to enable him to cross and recross at his pleasure, and thus evade a battle with me, I relinquished all hope of meeting him, and concluded to abandon further operations for the present. I would suggest the propriety of establishing posts (at least temporarily) at Rolling Prairie and Yellville. Those are favorable localities, forage, meats, breadstuffs, and good water being abundant.

I was surprised to find such a thoroughly Union sentiment prevailing in Carroll, Marion and Search Counties, Ark. A feeling of security, inspired by the presence of Union troops in the country caused many to come in and acknowledge their faith in and devotion the old flag. Hundred of the citizens of Northern Arkansas are loyal at heart, and are only awaiting an opportunity when they can throw off the yoke of rebel tyranny to which they have so long been subjected, and assume again the rights, powers, and privileges of good loyal citizens of the United States Government. To encourage them in their desires and laudable purposes, I would respectfully recommend that troops be stationed at the points suggested until they can organize themselves into home-guard companies, arms and ammunition furnished them (both of which they are destitute of), when I think there is no doubt they will prove sufficiently vigilant and powerful to protect themselves and families from the outrages of guerrillas, outlaws, and jayhawkers.

To the officers and men of the First and Second Arkansas Cavalry, Sixth Eighth, and Eleventh Missouri Cavalry and Lieutenant Stierlin, First Missouri Battery [Battery L, First Missouri Artillery], I am under many obligations, and to whose endurance, bravery, and faithful execution of duty as officers and soldiers it is with pleasure I bear testimony.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

C. B. HOLLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Charles Galloway, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., February 21, 1864.

COLONEL: On the 10th of January I left Fayetteville, in command of 150 men of the First Cavalry Volunteers, for the pur-

