
kansas Cavalry. They were foraging on the Osage Branch of King's River, Carroll County, Ark., and were attacked on the 16th instant by the guerrilla Cooper and a band of some 80 or 100 strong. Twice my men repulsed the rebel crew, charged and drove them, but outnumbered and overpowered at last they had to abandon the six wagons for which they had fought, leaving besides in the hands of the enemy 3 prisoners, who have since returned, paroled. The 6 colored teamsters were butchered without mercy, and the wagons destroyed. The event is an unfortunate one; yet, though I cannot but regret the loss of those men and of the train, the gallantry displayed by the little band challenges all blame, and can but call from me a praise which I feel proud to have to bestow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Dennis W. Roberts, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS,Berryville, Ark., April 17, 1864.

SIR: On the 16th, about 20 miles from here, a force of from 200 to 300 rebels attacked my forage train, guarded by 36 men, and after a brave and desperate resistance on the part of the escort they were compelled to abandon the train. I must speak in the highest praise of Sergeant Watts, who commanded the escort, and (with the exception of 2 or 3) the men, who fought bravely until all hope was lost of being able to preserve the train. There are only 10 killed and missing of the escort. There were only five wagons in the train. The rebels are said to be commanded by Cooper, and commands near 300 men.

I received information of my field returns not being received at that office on the 13th, p. m., and I started a copy for each time that they had not been received on the 14th, p. m.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

DENNIS W. ROBERTS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Second Arkansas.

Brigadier-General SANBORN.

APRIL 17, 1864. - Skirmish in Limestone Valley, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Gideon M. Waugh, Second Arkansas Infantry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, April 23, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 14th instant I ordered Major Melton with 110 men to go and find Sissell and his band. He started on the 15th.

