
Captain Bailey, of my regiment, then on the way from Berryville with his company, was also ordered to march upon Sissell and attack him simultaneously with Major Melton, from another direction. In the mean time Sissell had moved camp, and instead of attacking at the same time, the two detachments falling in with one another formed junction and sought Sissell. He was encamped in Limestone Valley. Major Melton became informed of his position. He had encamped within 3 miles of Sissell, and at early dawn of the 17th instant attacked him. The enemy, surprised, barely attempted to form and scattered. Captain Orr, Second Arkansas Cavalry, had advanced on their right. Major Melton, who had come upon the rear, seeing the rebels breaking, ordered the charge. They fled in dismay, a race for life. In the charge and in the pursuit for 8 miles, 30 were killed, a number wounded, and 8 taken prisoners, 23 head of horses captured, and some 25 stand of arms, the larger portion of which was destroyed. Major Melton returned to Buffalo River, whence in pursuit of Cooper, according to my orders, he swept down King's River and scoured all the country on that stream and Osage without finding anything of Cooper, who had disbanded, and from the information obtained returned to the Buffalo Hills. The train of Captain Roberts had been destroyed. I am awaiting information from him.

Major Melton, out of rations, unable to follow, reported in camp yesterday, the 22nd instant, without any casualty whatever. He had taken his scout into five counties, and ridden over 200 miles. He reports neither rebel nor Federal force at Kingston, and 65 of the Arkansas militia at Huntsville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry Commanding.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gideon M. Waugh, Second Arkansas Infantry (Union).

CLARKSVILLE, April 18, 1864.

GENERAL: On Saturday evening I sent out a scout north, under Lieutenant Hunter to see what the enemy were doing in that direction. On Sunday morning Lieutenant Hunter formed a junction with a scouting party of Second Arkansas Cavalry, under Major [Captain] O'Brien, and surprised the rebel camp under Sissell, 180 strong, killing 30, capturing a large number of blankets, horses, saddles, and arms. Fight occurred 27 miles northeast, in Limestone Valley. I have sent out a heavy scout to hunt up a rebel camp, said to be 18 miles from this post. If I can find their camp I will clean them out. I can get no information from the citizens. I need more cavalry here.

G. M. WAUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL.

