
APRIL 20, 1864. - Attack on Jacksonport, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Nebraska Cavalry.

Numbers 3. - Colonel William D. Wood, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., April 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that this station was attacked at 9 a. m. to-day by McRae's combined forces. The pickets held them in check about 10 minutes, at which time the First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry charged them, routing them and sending them pell-mell through the surrounding swamps. This on the part of the First Nebraska Cavalry is highly creditable, as it shows a rapidity of saddling, mounting, and forming line almost unprecedented. The enemy formed six times between here and the upper crossing of Village Creek, but his line was invariably broken by our forces and he compelled to fly. At one time Lieutenant Murphy (Squadron F) with 25 men in the advance charged the enemy's rear, 120 strong, cutting his way clear through their line, killing 6 and capturing 6 horses. We invariably closed on him whenever our half-starved stock could be brought up to them. The whole of the fighting was done by the First Nebraska Cavalry. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph B. Love (rebel) was among the killed, and 9 others; only 1 prisoner was captured; their wounded must be numerous from the number seen to fall. Casualties on our side, 2 slightly wounded. Colonel Love's papers are forwarded by this mail to provost-marshal-general.

I will move to-morrow to Augusta with 600 men and hope to get re-enforcements from the general commanding on the 25th instant. I will clean this country out before many days, rely on it. I am badly in want of forage. Please have action taken so as to insure me a supply; immediate shipment of forage from Devall's Bluff is absolutely essential to the existence of the remnant of my stock. There is no forage in this country north of Augusta.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major W. D. GREEN,

A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., April 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that an attack was made upon this place on the 20th instant by the combined forces of McRae, Freeman, and Rutherford, the whole being under command of Colonel

