
onel McRae. Lieutenant-Colonel Love had command of Freeman's men, that officer lying wounded at Augusta, Ark., at the time of the action. As soon as the firing commenced Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, commanding First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, hurried to the front and deployed his dismounted men as skirmishers. He was immediately engaged with the enemy and a brisk skirmish ensued, during which he steadily drove the enemy back for a distance of 6 miles. At this point they were endeavoring to draw our forces into an ambuscade. The enemy retreated across Village Creek, setting fire to the bridge behind them. The First gallantly charged the enemy, drove them from the bridge, and extinguished the flames, but their ammunition being almost entirely exhausted they were compelled to return to the west side of the bridge. For a full account of this spirited affair I respectfully refer you to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, a copy of which is herewith forwarded.

During this time the rest of the command was not idle. The mounted squadrons of the First Nebraska were sent forward to the support of Colonel Baumer. The battery was in position; two squadrons of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry (dismounted) were deployed as skirmishers and carried the left flank and front. A squadron of the Eleventh (mounted) was stationed near the bridge on the left flank and a little in the ---- of the command, and one dismounted squadron of the First Nebraska Cavalry, together with two squadrons of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry (dismounted), were stationed at the upper bridge in our front with orders to prevent the enemy from crossing.

Having made this disposition of my forces, I moved forward with the main column, comprising about 200 mounted men and two pieces of artillery, to Village Creek, where I found Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer with his command awaiting re-enforcements. Finding it impossible to cross my artillery, and judging from the motions of the enemy and the reports made that they would endeavor to force an entrance into Jacksonport by the upper Black River road, I returned to town. I learned afterward that the enemy were greatly demoralized by their defeat, and retreated more than 15 miles ere they halted.

Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer and the men of his command deserve the highest meed of praise for the gallant manner in which they first repulsed the enemy, and then becoming the attacking party, despite the disparity of numbers, driving the enemy before them for such a distance, charging the enemy whenever he made a stand, and not even giving them time to form. The Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, under command of Colonel William D. Wood, responded promptly to the bugle call "to arms." Although they did not have a chance to participate in the engagement, it is but justice to say that both officers and men were eager for the fray, and were much disappointed in not being able to give the enemy a taste of their steel.

Accompanying I send report of Colonel William D. Wood, commanding [Eleventh] Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, showing the part that his command took in the engagement.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel 1st Regiment Nebr. Cav. Vols., Commanding Dist. N. E. Ark.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

