
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Nebraska Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST NEBRASKA CAVALRY VETERAN VOLS.,Jacksonport, Ark., April 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from district headquarters, I have the honor of submitting to you a report of the late actions of the regiment. On the morning of the 20th of April, about 8.30 a. m., I heard continuous firing upon the picket-posts in front of the regimental camp and ordered "boots and saddles" to be sounded, and caused the dismounted men to fall in with their arms. Some orderlies were sent out to ascertain if the pickets were attacked, and came back with the information that about 20 rebels had made their appearance in front of the picket on the Elgin road, but had fallen back to a troops of about 150 rebels then formed in the woods near the lower river road. Notice was given to the commander of the battery stationed on the left of my regiment to have his pieces in readiness, and information was also forwarded by the regimental adjutant to district headquarters. At the same time I sent Captain Ribble with 80 dismounted men, armed with Springfield muskets, and with Squadrons D and B as reserve, to advance on the lower river road and find out the intentions of the enemy. Captain Ribble saw the rebels formed in line of battle and sent the infantry as skirmishers to the front, when a heavy fire of musketry commenced, which induced me to send two more squadrons (C and A) to the support of Captain Ribble's advance. The fire was continually heard receding from camp, and I then started with Squadrons K and F to the place where the firing occurred, leaving Squadrons E, H, G, and I, with the remainder of the dismounted men, to protect the battery. The rebels had been driven the first time by the fire of the infantry, and retreated 2 miles from town, pursued by the four squadrons of cavalry. The road was very narrow and only 2 men could ride abreast, while the enemy had again formed in line to make a stand. I then detached Squadrons D and C to protect our right flank, and Squadron A to protect our left and avoid an ambuscade. The infantry came up and advanced on both sides of the road as skirmishers, followed by Squadron F and parts of Squadrons B and K as reserve. The rebels fled after a short fire, leaving 2 of their number dead upon the field. After advancing in the same manner 2 miles farther the enemy once more formed in line, evidently intending to dispute our advance, when Squadrons F and K, with not more than 30 men, charged them at once under a galling fire from the enemy. The rebels, although five times our number, broke ranks and fled in every direction, leaving 1 prisoner. Two men of Company F, Privates Tippin and Kellogg, were wounded in the breast and shoulder (not severely) by the enemy's fire. The infantry, although marching at double-quick time, could not keep up with the mounted men, and it not being prudent to follow up the charge, I was compelled to halt and advance slowly and cautiously with the infantry, followed by the mounted men. As we marched forward Squadrons E and H came up and the pursuit was continued faster for 2 miles farther to Village Creek, which the enemy had crossed and were then trying to burn the bridge. The infantry, deployed as skirmishers, soon made the enemy retire from the bridge

