
and the fire was soon extinguished by our men, and the bridge repaired so that the infantry could pass over. The rebels had left several horses tied in the woods across the creek. Our men going to get them were received by a heavy fire, which fortunately did no harm. They returned with 7 captured horses. Our skirmishers were placed behind logs and kept very quiet until the rebels made an attack upon them with a furious yell, when they replied with a roaring fire of musketry, and then the rebels kept very quiet on their side. At this time I dispatched a messenger to Jacksonport asking for ammunition, as some of my men had already fired away all the ammunition they had, in the mean time keeping cavalry alert on the flanks and rear in order to be prepared for a surprise, and then awaited orders from district headquarters.

In the afternoon two pieces of artillery and the Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry came up. Orders were received not to cross the bridge, which was impassable for artillery, and we commenced our return march with the infantry in front, and Squadrons G and I, which had arrived from Jacksonport, as rear guard. We arrived in camp at about 4 p. m., having traveled 14 miles, including 7 miles running fight and a skirmish at the bridge for nearly an hour. Some of our men went over the creek without orders, and on for half a mile to the first house, where they saw 4 dead bodies and 2 rebels severely wounded, and learned also that McRae's whole command had been there and were then in retreat. The officers and men behaved well, and I several times had to give orders to keep my men from rushing ahead too far.

On the evening of the 21st of April I received instructions to have all the mounted men of my regiment (numbering 240) ready to march in the night, with eight days' rations. At 1 a. m. 22nd, I received orders to start, and accordingly the march was commenced on the Augusta road, the First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry in front of the column of cavalry. Village Creek was crossed near Litchfield, and the march was kept up until 6 o'clock in the morning, when the command halted at Pickett's farm to feed the horses and rest for one hour. The roads were bad and muddy on account of recent rains. At 7 a. m. the column started (Companies I and G as advance guard) on the road toward Augusta. We passed an evacuated rebel camp, and then changed direction toward Cache River, which the enemy had crossed on the 21st. The command, after halting a quarter of an hour to feed at Connor's farm, proceeded toward Augusta, arriving there at 2 p. m., having marched 44 miles in thirteen hours. The command remained in Augusta until the morning of the 24th April. During that time it rained continually, and the men were quartered in houses.

On the 23rd, a detachment of 50 men, under command of Lieutenant Hance, was sent north for the purpose of gathering up horses and mules. The party returned with 7 animals and 2 rebel prisoners at 5 p. m., having marched out 12 miles. At 6 a. m. April 24, the command was ordered to march back to Jacksonport, the First Nebraska Cavalry in rear, Companies E and G as rear guard, under command of Captain Ribble. Three squadrons (C, A, and K) were ordered to drive in all beef-cattle, horses, and mules, and all able-bodied negroes near the line of march. They accordingly went ahead of the column and scoured the road on both sides, bringing into Jacksonport nearly 400 head of beef-cattle of every description; also 18 horses, 16 mules, 4 negroes. The rear guard

