
arrived in camp at 7 p. m. 24th instant, having marched 35 miles. Both men and horses endured the fatigue of marching and the exposure to the bad weather well, and the men returned in good spirits.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BAUMER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Nebraska Cav.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel William D. Wood, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp A. B. Kauffman, Jacksonport, April 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 20th instant I received at 8 a. m. an order from Colonel Livingston, commanding officer of the district, to put my command under arms at once and form in rear of the battery near the graveyard, as the enemy was in our front and a portion of the First Nebraska Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, was then engaged with them on Village Creek road. I immediately ordered "to arms" to be sounded, and in three minutes my whole command (excepting the necessary camp guard, under Major Brown, the officer of the day) was in line dismounted, and marching at a double-quick to the designated place. Before reaching the battery I received orders to throw out skirmishers on the left and front. I sent two squadrons (C and D), under Captains Pace and Parsons, who immediately deployed as directed and covered the left front of our line. On arriving at the ground, and finding there was no immediate danger of an attack, I requested permission of the commanding officer to send back my squadrons and mount them. This permission was accorded, and Squadrons A, B, E, G, I, and M were sent back to camp, under Major Pace, and in twenty minutes were again on the ground mounted and ready for action. Squadrons L and K, permanently dismounted, were formed in rear of the column as infantry, under the command of Captain A. B. Kauffman. I was directed to send forward one squadron to the left across Black River bridge to make a reconnaissance. Squadron E, Captain Wheat, was sent forward, and after performing that duty and hearing firing to his right, moved his command in that direction and reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer just as the enemy had been driven over Village Creek bridge. At 10 o'clock I was directed to send Captain Kauffman and command to the Black River bridge, with instructions to hold it, and to move on in rear of the battery, the First Nebraska being in front.

Captain Collier, who had previously been ordered to form his squadron (G) on the north side of Jack's Creek bridge and hold the position in case of an attack at the upper end of town, was ordered to join my column, and with the eight mounted squadrons I pushed on down the Village Creek road. On arriving at the junction of this road with the Litchfield road I received orders to send two squadrons down to the river by that road, to learn the position of the enemy. Major Pace, with two squadrons (I and M), was sent on this important duty.

57 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

