
Meanwhile with my remaining squadrons I marched on down the road, and on arriving in sight of the creek found that the enemy had been effectually repulsed and was in rapid retreat, and received orders to march my command to camp; this was done. We arrived in camp at 3 p. m. Although my command did not have an opportunity of coming in contact with the enemy, still the zeal and anxiety shown by both officers and men to accomplish this desirable result is an evidence of what may be expected when such an event does take place.

In this connection I desire to call the attention of the colonel commanding the district, and through him the attention of the commanding general of the department, to a state of affairs which loudly calls for redress. From lack of forage four squadrons of my regiment are entirely dismounted, and the remainder, seven squadrons, are so much so that in case of an emergency it would be impossible to mount over 300 men out of a force of over 700 present for duty, well armed and otherwise equipped and disciplined. Since my arrival within this command my horses have stood four days without forage. The river has been in a navigable condition a greater part of the time, and I never heard any good reason why forage should not have been supplied in abundance. I have been informed there is plenty at Devall's Bluff.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WOOD,

Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas.

APRIL 21, 1864. - Affair at Cotton Plant, Cache River, Ark.

Report of Colonel Christopher C. Andrews, Third Minnesota Infantry.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

April 24, 1864 - 12 m.

CAPTAIN: Have just arrived with my command. During the three days after reaching Augusta we marched 60 miles, notwithstanding heavy rains and bad roads. At our approach the rebel forces, numbering 1,000, fled across Cache River, which they swam, scattering and crossing in different directions. We have therefore had no more fighting than light skirmishing. We have captured 8 prisoners, including 1 colonel (Colonel W. M. Ponder, Ninth Missouri Infantry), and a dispatch bearer from General Price, with his papers. Have procured 75 able-bodied colored recruits, 60 head of serviceable horses and mules, and $ 2,000 worth of contraband cotton. Am happy to say that not a man of my command has met with an accident. Please have an ambulance in readiness for a wounded prisoner. Much credit is due to Lieutenant-Colonel Ohr, Sixty-first Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Mattson, Third Minnesota; Captain Garrison, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, and the officers and men of their commands, for efficient services.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

