
APRIL 22, 1864. - Affair near Cotton Plant, Ark.

Report of Major William J. Teed, Eighth Missouri Cavalry.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, April 23, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following is the dispatch which I received from Clarendon, dated April 22, 1864, 8 p. m.:

Colonel M. had a fight 18 miles above Cotton Plant this morning, and was forced to return. I am here with 200 men. Colonel Lisenby is somewhere above here. Send us some forage. We are all right, but may need assistance. Lieutenant Clark and 18 men wounded, 2 men killed.

W. J. TEED,

Major Eighth Missouri Cavalry.

I have not heard from Colonel Andrews since he sent the dispatch to you.

Respectfully,k

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

APRIL 22 - 24, 1864. - Expedition from Jacksonport to Augusta, Ark., and skirmish near Jacksonport.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.

Numbers 2. - Colonel William D. Wood, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 3. - Captain George W. Weber, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., April 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that at 11.30 o'clock of the night of the 20th instant, I received a dispatch, per steam-boat Igo, from Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding expedition to Augusta, Ark., informing me of his arrival at Augusta and his intention of going in search of the enemy, reported to be in force, under command of Colonel McRae, in the neighborhood, and desiring my co-operation. I immediately sent the boat back to General Andrews with a dispatch in which I stated that I would order "boots and saddles" sounded immediately, and that I had intelligence to the effect that the enemy was in the vicinity of Huff's Mill. I started with my command, consisting of detachments of the First Nebraska and Eleventh Missouri Regiments of Cavalry, numbering 450 men, at 2 a. m. of the 22nd instant, taking with me eight days' rations, packed on mules; traveled all day through a drenching rain and arrived at Huff's Mill at 1 p. m., where I learned that General Andrews' command had proceeded to Cache River and thence returned to Augusta. I immediately took the road for Augusta, where I arrived at 3 p. m., and reported my command to General Andrews. During this march

