
pose of scouting and foraging, proceeding in an easterly direction. On the 19th, I was re-enforced by Captain Botehfuhr, of the same regiment, with 35 men, and rations to the last of the month, and ordered to Lebanon, Search County there to join a detachment of the Second Arkansas Cavalry and Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, on the 23rd January. I marched by Berryville and Carrollton, joined the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia on Marshall Prairie, in Search County, on Friday, 22nd January, and was shortly joined by a detachment of the Second Arkansas Cavalry. The combined force was as follows: First Arkansas Cavalry, 182 men, Captain Charles Galloway commanding; Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, 150 men, Captain W. C. Human commanding; Second Arkansas Cavalry 195 men, Lieutenant John E. Phelps, U. S. Army, commanding, and one mountain howitzer belonging to the First Arkansas Cavalry, I was ascertained to be the ranking officer, and assumed command of the whole force, which them moved toward Burrowsville . Skirmishing soon began, and was continued and was continued for several miles. On Clear Creek I found the rebels in line, four deep, awaiting our entrance into a narrow pass. They were soon routed and driven in confusion, with the loss of several wounded. The command then proceeded on to the crossing of Tomahawk, where they were posted on a high bluff that overlooked the road where it pass down a narrow ravine. Their position could not be reached by cavalry. They attacked our advance as it entered the ravine, and commenced a heavy fire upon the column. I immediately moved the Eighth Missouri State Militia upon the opposite side of the ravine on a steep hill-side and opened fire upon the rebels, at the same time sending the First Arkansas Cavalry, dismounted, in their rear and on their right flank. After considerable firing they mounted their horses and retreated rapidly, wit a loss of 3 killed and a number wounded. Our loss, 2 men slightly wounded and several horses killed. The command moved on, and shortly afterward went into camp.

The next day, 23rd, moved to Burrowsville, county seat of Search County, skirmishing some and being fired upon from to brush. I took possession of Burrowsville without opposition.

On the 25th, Captain Human, with the Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, proceeded to Clinton, Van Buren County, killing and capturing a number of prominent rebels. On the 26th January I was joined by Company K, Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and learned that dispatches from General Sanborn, borne by 25 men of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, had been captured and 11 men killed.

On the 27th the First Arkansas Cavalry moved to Bear Creek and scouted there until the 30th January. On the 28th, the Eighth Cavalry returned from Clinton and shortly afterward 100 of the Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, came in from Batesville. They reported having had a fight with Colonel Tom. Freenam's command, in which they were joined by a portion of the First Nebraska Infantry. Freeman was routed with a loss of 30 killed, over 50 captured,100 stand of arms, and his train, containing supplies, his train, containing supplies, his trunk, commission, and private papers.

On the 27th, six companies of the Third Arkansas Cavalry came in from Dover, and reported having found Colonel With 400 men running from our command, and that he was pursued by them across the Arkansas River, below Clarksville. On the 29th ultimo Captain Human, with Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, was ordered

