
of 44 miles I halted but twice to feed, and the horses of the command, owing to the horrible state of the roads, were in a sorry plight. Learning from General Andrews that he meditated no further movement, I remained in Augusta during the 23rd instant in order to rest my men and recruit the animals. At 8 a. m. of the 24th, I left Augusta with my command, en route for Jacksonport, sending three squadrons ahead of my advance guard with orders to secure all cattle, horses, mules, and able-bodied negroes along the line of march. At 5 p. m. we reached Village Creek, 6 miles from Jacksonport, and, although it was swollen by the recent rains, forded it without mishap. About 3 miles from Jacksonport I found a portion of my advance guard dismounted and awaiting the arrival of the main column. The lieutenant in command of the detachment reported that they had been fired upon by a small band of rebels, and that his captain (Weber, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry) had gone in pursuit with a small party of men. I pushed on to Jacksonport, where I arrived with my command at 7 p. m., having traveled 35 miles during the day; embarrassed the latter part of the time by a large herd of cattle, which rendered my progress necessarily slow. I brought in with me about 300 head of all sizes, besides 26 horses, 26 mules; also brought in 10 negroes, 8 of whom enlisted as undercooks. Just after our arrival at Jacksonport, Captain Weber, Squadron M, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, who commanded the advance guard, and who had gone in pursuit of a band of rebels, reported that he had pursued the enemy a distance of 5 miles through an almost impassable swamp, killed a sergeant named Eider and captured Captain Stein, Lieutenant Sollard, and 2 privates of McGee's command. They were turned over to the district provost-marshal and will be forwarded to Little Rock by the next boat.

Too much praise cannot be given Captain Weber for the gallantry and dash displayed in this affair. Lieutenant Schweikher, of Squadron H, of the same regiment, who accompanied Captain Weber, is mentioned in high terms by Captain Weber in his report, which is herewith forwarded. Accompanying I also forward the reports of Colonel William D. Wood, Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers, who commanded the detachments of their respective regiments during the expedition. To both of these officers I am indebted for valuable services rendered and their promptness and energy displayed in carrying out the various orders given them.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebr. Cav. Vet. Vols., Commanding Dist. N. E. Ark.

Major W. D. GREEN,

A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William D. Wood, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Kauffman, April 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from district headquarters, I herewith submit report of the march recently made by a portion of my command from this place to Augusta and back. I received

