
orders on the night of the 22nd instant to move with all the men I could mounts at 2 o'clock the next morning. Two of my squadron being absent on escort duty to Batesville, and a large number on picket and patrol duty, I did not get over 155 men properly mounted to move with at the time specified, leaving Major L. W. Brown in charge of the camp, and the dismounted squadrons (L, K, and D) remaining. I directed Major Pace, my efficient senior major, to mount every man for whom he could find a horse, and to follow and join us as soon as possible.

I took up the line of march at the time specified, and joined the column of the First Nebraska just below town, and after a long and fatiguing march, arrived at Augusta at sundown of the 23rd. At 8 o'clock that evening Major Pace reported to me with 60 mounted men, making my effective force 215 men and 18 officers.

We were directed to rest here one day, and on the 24th took up the line of march for Jacksonport, my command being divided into six squadron, the right wing under my own supervision, and the left under Major Pace. On arriving at Village Creek, 4 miles from town, news was brought from the front that heavy firing was heard in the direction of our camp. I immediately closed up my squadrons and moved forward at a gallop. On arriving at the town, I found it to have proceeded from the fact that the men in camp had been ordered to discharge their arms for the purpose of cleaning them. Just before the word of the enemy being in front had been brought back. Captain george W. Weber, who commanded the advance guard, came across a number of the enemy and charged them at once, and, after a pursuit of several miles, captured 4 and killed 1. The prisoners, 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 2 privates, were turned over to the provost-marshal, Captain Majors. The energy and soldiery bearing of both officers and men of my command, displayed during the fatiguing march of over 80 miles through interminable swamp, is worthy of praise, and the only disappointment I have heard expressed was because we did not meet the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

Captain h. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain George W. Weber, Eleweber Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS. COMPANY M, ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAV.,Camp A. b. Kauffman, Jacksonport, Ark., April 25, 1863.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report that being in advance on yesterday's march I met a body of rebels about 4 miles front here.

They drove in my extreme advance, consisting of 4 men, but as soon as they discovered my squadron approaching they broke and fled in all directions. After chasing them about 7 miles I captured 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, 2 privates, and killed 1 sergeant. I also captured 3 horses.

