
reported to be Federal uniform. Afterward, on the same day detachments of Companies D and M, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, attacked the guerrillas, and after several sharp skirmishers dispersed them in small parties, capturing the regimental flag of the Fifty [?] Indiana Infantry Volunteer from them. The pursuit was kept up until dark. Whether any of the guerrillas were killed of wounded is unknown. Since then several companies of my regiment have been scouring the country in search of them without success. They are supposed to have gone west. Lieutenant Couch was a very promising young officer and well qualified for the position he held.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Jesse L. Pritchard, Second Colorado Cavalry.

HARRISONVILLE, MO., May 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: On the 27th ultimo I received information at 6 p. m., from station at Dayton, Mo., that a party of 80 men, supposed to be guerrillas, had crossed the Grand River at that point (Dayton) at 3 p. m., going toward Rose Hill, Mo., taking with them Sergt. P. Russell, Company L. Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding station at Dayton, as a prisoner. I immediately sent an express to Pleasant Hill, Mo., informing the commending officer there of the fact, and also sent an order to Lieutenant Spencer, at Morristown, Mo., to report with all his available force to me at Harrisonville immediately. At 12 o'clock that night Lieutenant Spencer reported to me with 35 men, mounted and equipped. The night was dark, raining hard. At daylight I left Harrisonville with Lieutenant Spencer's command and 14 men of Company C-total, 49 men-for Rose Hill; arriving at that place, found the trail of guerrillas. They had partially destroyed the brigades across Big Creek. I soon repaired it so that I could cross and proceeded on the trail. I followed it to Holden and found that they had passed that place just before daylight that morning. I arrived at Holden about 12 m. I fed my horses and started on, following the trial north and west until arrived within 3 miles of Chapel Hill, where I learned of the massacre of Lieutenant Couch and men of the First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. At this point the trail was so broke up and covered by trail of Federal troops crossing and recrossing I could not follow it any longer, it being night. I started for Chapel Hill, arriving there after dark. I remained there till morning and then started for Lone Jack, Mo., where I met Lieutenant Colonel Theodore H. Dodd with Companies A, B, D, E, F, and F, Second Colorado Cavalry. I reported to him and received orders to take my former command and Company K, Lieutenant Stanton, second Colorado Cavalry, and proceed north toward Napoleon, Mo., on the Missouri River. About 4 miles from Lone Jack I found trail of 10 guerrillas, which I followed

