
Second [Cherokee] Indian (rebel Regiment, under Colonel Adair, was reported to be in the neighborhood of Cowskin Prairie. I concluded that the enemy was moving in the direction of Neosho to attack that place, and I therefore marched as rapidly as the condition of my horses would permit of to Cowskin Prairie. On that day I had several skirmishers and chases after stragglers of Adair's command, killing several. From the course the rebels took, I was still of he opinion that they were moving toward Neosho. Or arriving at Cowskin Prairie I learned that the rebels had been ordered back and had recrossed Grand River west of Cowskin Praise, about thirty hours in advance of my command. My horses having been exhausted from constant pursuit of rebel bands, and having all my rations exhausted, I concluded that further pursuit would be useless, and took the direction of Neosho, scouting on Cowskin River, where I found several rebels and had 1 of my men mortally wounded in an attack on a house where 2 rebels were posted. Here the usual treachery of the rebels was shown again by one of them surrendering until he had got the advantage and then fired, but he paid the penalty with his lire. I also had 1 horse killed and 1 man shot through his clothes by the same follow. Late that night I arrived at Neosho, where I found Major Brutsche, of the Eighth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, preparing for an attack. nothing further worthy of notice occurred until my arrived at Springfield.

I found the inhabitants of Benton Country, Ark., and McDonald Country, Mo., to be the most disloyal I have seen since 1861, disposed to give all the aid and comfort in their power to the rebellion. Grass is still insufficient for horses to submit upon, the country mostly very broken, and no forage of any kind to be found. I killed 6 rebels, wounded 2, took 3 prisoners, and captured 8 horses, 2 of which had to be abandoned, and 6 guns. My casualties are 1 man mortally wounded and 1 horse killed.

My thanks are due to the officers and men of the command for their promptness and bravery, and especially to my advance guard for their coolness, judgment, and unflinching bravery whenever an enemy came in view.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your most obedient servant,

JOHN COSGROVE,

Major, Eight Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding Detach. Lieutenant JOEL H. SHELLY,

Post Adjutant, Springfield, Mo.

MAY 1, 1864-Affair at Berwick, La.

Report of Colonel Nicholas W. Day, One hundred and thirty-first New York Infantry.

THIBODEAUX, May 1, 1864.

(Received 10.45 a. m.)

I would respectfully state for the information of the general commanding that the pickets at Berwick were attached this a. m., about 2 o'clock, by cavalry. They had one field piece with them; the gunboats drove them back. They do this, I think, simply to annoy us.

N. W. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major J. LEVERING, Assistant Adjutant-General.

