
MAY 2, 1864.-Affair on Bee Creek, Mo.

Report of Captain Jacob Cassairt, Eight Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPTAIN AT FORSYTH, MO., May 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report a scout a scout that I sent out on the 1st day of May, 1864, under the command of Lieutenant McElhanon, with 40 men, crossed the river at this place, marched down the river on the other side and near the mouth of Bee Creek, Mo. At this place heard of a camp of guerrillas 3 or 4 miles south in the mountains. Upon arriving at the camp, finding only 3 men in camp, at the same time their horses were some distance from camp, the men were immediately cut off from their horses, and upon seeing their condition broke on foot and were soon overhauled and killed.

They went by names of Campbell, Williams, and Parkes, all Missourians. Captured their horses, 3 in number, immediately after destroying the camp; marching but a short distance, came up with a small squad of guerrillas which was scattered in the mountains, capturing 3 more horses which they were compelled to drop in the chase. Remained three days and nights in the country of Bee and Bear Creeks, Arkansas and Missouri, seeing several other squads of guerrillas from 2 to 8 numbers. Owing to our stock being jaded and the roughness of the country we were not ale to overhaul them, during the scout killing 3 men, capturing 8 head of horses and 1 prisoner.

I will further state there are some 40 to 50 guerrillas in the vicinity of Bee and Bear Creeks, and further I state that Company K, Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, on this scout lost 2 horses, which I gave them permission to keep of the captured horses until I heard from you on the subject. It has been allowed in the regiment whenever a man lost a horse to mount him on a contraband horse; these 2 horses will be turned over to the quartermaster or retained by the men as their own, as you may direct. Your decision in this case I will be governed by in the future. The stock will be forwarded to Springfield, Mo., and turned over to the quartermaster immediately.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB CASSAIRT,

Captain, Eight Cav., Mo. State Militia, Commanding Company I.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding Dist. of Southwest Mo., Springfield, Mo.

MAY 3, 1864.-Skirmish between Bayous Redwood and Olive Branch, near Baton Rouge, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General W. Birge., U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry W. Birge, U. S. Army.

BATON ROUGE, LA., May 3, 1864.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Colonel Sheldon came upon the enemy about 6.30 this morning between Bayous Redwood and Olive Brac, he thinks about 1,500

