
strong; at 11 a. m. had driven them to within 5 miles of Clinton. Their whole force is said to be 2,000. They had started for Baton Rouge. Colonel Sheldon's loss thus far, 2 men. I requested General Ullmann by telegraph last evening to send out a force on the Jackson road to co-operate with Sheldon, which be says the will do. Line down between here and Port Hudson.

H. W. BIRGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, new Orleans.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John S. scott, First Louisiana Cavalry.

CLINTON, LA., [May] 3, 1864.

SIR: The enemy attacked me this morning at Comite bridge, near Olive Branch Church, with three regiments of infantry, 800 cavalry, and battery of four Sawyer guns. I had 550 men and repulsed them. The command behaved most gallantly. Will send a report.

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General POLK.

MAY 3, 1864.-Skirmish at Cedar Bluffs, Colo.

Reports of Major Jacob Dowing, First Colorado Cavalry.

AMERICAN RANCH, May 3, 1864,

(Via Junction Station, 4th.)

Had a fight with the Cheyennes to-day. Killed about 25 Indians, wounded about 35 or 40 more. Lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

Captured about 100 head of horses, &amp;c. Send me more troops; I need them. The war has commenced in earnest. Will write particulars. Send me 5,000 cartridges immediately. Howitzers are needed.

J. DOWNING,

Major, First Colorado Cavalry.

Colonel J. m. CHIVINGTON.

MURRAY AND KELLEY'S RANCH, May 3, 1864.

COLONEL: On the 1st instant I captured an Indian in this vicinity when I supposed to be a Cheyenne spy, and ordered him shot, but upon being informed that he was half-breed and part Sioux, concluded to spare him upon condition that he lead me to an encampment of Cheyennes, whom I had previously learned had camped near me and committing depredations on the whites, which he promised to do. On the 2nd instant, about 2 p. m., I started with about 40 men. Marched about 15 miles and rested till 10 p. m., then again

