
started and marched all night. At about 6 a. m. reached their camp in a canon near Cedar Bluffs. Found them prepared for a fight, and I immediately commenced business by intercepting them from their stock, horses, &amp;c., and then detailing 10 men to take charge of it, then dismounting Companies Second, Third, and Fourth, to fight on foot, while Company First held the horses, my fighting command then being only about 25 men. After a few shots the Indians retreated to a canon, naturally fortified, and while holding it had great odds against us. I attempted by skirmishing to drive them from it, but my command was too small and their position and numbers greatly against us. I then directed the men to confine their efforts to killing as many Indians as possible, which, after a fight of about three hours, they succeeded in killing about 25 Indians and wounding about 30 or 40 more, when the carbine ammunition getting rather scarce, and the Indians so concealed that after 50 shots I could scarcely get a men, I coulded to return to this place with the horses, &c., and, when more troops arrived, try them again. If in this affair i had two mountain howitzers I could have annihilated the entire band. I think artillery will be necessary in all future operations against a party [so] camped, as lately they have selected such places only for their camps. The sacrifice necessary to be to successfully charge their camps is entirely too great, and I wish, if possible, to avoid it. I have not heard anything of Company B yet. In this affair I lost 1 man killed, Insert, of Company C, and 1 would, Wilcow, of Company C. I want to go back to this place if you can furnish me with two mountain howitzers, and if you cannot, when I get more troops, will it again any way.

Thought I think we have punished them pretty severely in this affair, yet I think we have punished them pretty severely in this affair, yet I believe now it is but the commencement of war with this treble, which must result in exterminating them. The detachment was composed of 10 men of Company H and the balance of Company C, First Colorado Cavalry. Lieutenant Dunn was with me, and he, as well as all ended in this affair, behaved with great gallantry, evening a coolness and daring which would call a complimentary order from even a major-general.

Hoping, colonel, that you will approve what has been done in this matter, I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. DOWNING,

Major, First Colorado Cavalry.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District.

P. S.-Cedar Bluffs is about 60 miles distant. We started yesterday about 2 o'clock and returned this evening.

J. D.

MAY 3 and 5, 1864.-Skirmishes near mouth of Richland Creek, Ark.

Report of Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, May 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I forwarded report of the capture of my train by Jackman, on the 3rd instant, near the mouth of Richland Creek. The

