
waters had been high the train detained on the bank of Buffalo River, unable to ford the stream. It was escorted by 100 men, under Lieutenant Garner. Every one in the vicinity able or willing to give information was in utter ignorance of he presence of a strong rebel force in the vicinity. Union people living close by had seen none, heard of none; no uncommon occurrence was or could be anticipated, when the escort was suddenly assailed, the advance guard cut off from the main body of escort, and this from the train and rear guard. Almost surrounded, with only way of escape, they fought as long as they could, and only gave up the contest against the superior numbers of the rebels when Lieutenant Hester and 38 men lay prostrate on the field. Lieutenant Hester and 32 others have been buried. How many and who were murdered after they had fallen, perhaps will never be known. It is not possible that they all dead; they were slaughtered.* On receiving the news, I immediately started the evening of the 4th with men returned from scouts and escort, marched all night, a distance of 30 miles, and on the morning of the 5th, with 100 men, attacked Jackman in his camp. He had all the advantages of the ground and numbers. I defeated him expelled him from his camp, entrenched as it was and protected by earth-works and other defenses, natural and erected. Driven from his camp, Jackman attempted to from his men again. I ordered a charge; he was again routed, but I could not purpose; my horses, too weak and famished, could not have stood it; otherwise my success would have been more complete, though I have reason to believe it might have been less if Jackman had not been reason, as I suspect he was. Several more rebels were wounded, but none dead on the field.

My casualties were 7 wounded, some of whom were who had already fought in the first engagement, escaped unhurt, and volunteered for the second. Some of the men wounded at the defense of the train I found in the neighboring hills. They had managed to conceal themselves, and I brought them up with me. I recovered also a number of mules belonging to the train; the rest had been shot and the train burnt up.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry.

General SANBORN.

MAY 4, 1864.-Skirmish in Doubtful Canon, N. Mex.

Abstract from Record of Events on return of the District of Arizona for May, 1864.

May 4.-Lieutenant Stevens, with Company I, Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, while en route from Fort Cummings to Fort Bowie, were attacked in Doubtful Canon, Steen's Peak, by a bank of Apache Indians. The fight lasted about an hour, when the Indians fled. Loss on Lieutenant Stevens' side, 1 man missing and 5 wounded; Indians, 10 killed and 20 wounded.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties reports 1 officer and 36 men killed and 11 men wounded.

---------------

