
back to Marshall Prairie; the Third Cavalry moved back to Dower, and Captain Millsap, of Second Arkansas Cavalry, proceeded by way of Cave Creek into Newton County, Lieutenant Phelps and myself moving on to Richland, and thence across Buffalo to Marshall Prairie. I remained in that vicinity scouting the country until the 5th instant, when the command moved to Rolling Praire. I now took a scout and went on to Crooked Creek, pursuing a force of 300 until they scattered, in the mean time killing and capturing a number. While on this scout Major Melton, of the Second Cavalry, was slightly wounded in the arm while killing a rebel captain.

On Monday, the 8th instant, I was joined by General Holland, with a force of 300 and two pieces of artillery. On the 9th instant he proceeded to Yellville, ordering the First Arkansas Cavalry and Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, on a scout round by Tomahawk. On the morning of the 10th, I was ordered to Dubugue on White River, and remained in that vicinity scouting the country the 14th instant, killing of 10 the rebels in various skirmishes. On the 15th I returned to Yellville, General Holland, having in the mean time returned to Springfield with his command. Captain Human was left in command of post by order of General Holland. The same day Major Fitch arrived with orders relieving me and ordering me to report to Fayetteville.

The result of the scout is over 100 killed of the rebels, with a loss on our side of 2 killed and 3 wounded.

Captain Human, and the detachment of the Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under his command deserve great credit, as also Lieutenant Phelps, U. S. Army, and the detachment of the Second Arkansas Cavalry under his command, for their soldierly conduct and bravery in the field.

CHARLES GALLOWAY,

Captain Company E, First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel A. W. BISHOP, Commanding at Fayetteville.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant John E. Phelps, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union.)
HEADQUARTERS POST,Casville, Mo., February 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I report that, in obedience with Special Orders, Numbers 13, from your headquarters, telegraphed January 15, 1864, and also your instructions of the 16th, I moved on the 17th from Cassville with Companies D and E of my regiment and arrived at Berryville, Ark., next day, joining Companies A, B, and C. The absence of a large portion of the men there made it necessary for me to remain to the 20th, when I moved down with my force as it was toward Carrollton. I left at Berryville all convalescents, and such horses as could not stand a long march, with orders for the officers and men who had not reported yet to follow immediately on my trail as soon as they arrived, and Lieutenant Irwin to remain in command of the station. I had previously dispatched to Captain Cameron to hasten two companies to Berryville, anticipating that the enemy might attempt a movement upon the place. I halted 5 miles north of Carrollton, and was passed in the evening by Captain Galloway's command, some 180 strong. Mine was then 166. The next day (21st)

