
MAY 5-9, 1864.-Scout in Craighead and Lawrence Counties, Ark.

Report of Captain george W. Weber, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. SQUADRON M, ELEVENTH MO., CAV.,Camp Kauffmen, near Jacksonport, Ark., May 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to instructions from regimental headquarters, I left Camp Sherman, near Jacksonport, at 6.30 a. m. the 5th instant, with a command of 1 lieutenant and 52 men, provided with five days' rations. My instructions were to reconnoiter the country between Village Creek and Cache River, and more particularly in the vicinity of a settlement in Cratghead Country called the " Promised Land," and gather all the information possible as to the whereabouts of the enemy; after having done which I was to return by the way Black River. I reached Village Creek about same day, and succeeded, with great difficulty, in crossing my command without any serious casualties, except the damaging of ammunition, which could not well have been avoided, as we were obliged to swim our horses some 100 feet, having accomplished which I proceeded upon my route until I reach Curton farm, in the " Promised Land," where I bivouacked for the night, having made about 40 miles over roads that were almost impassable. Here I put my horses out to graze, that being the only means of subsistence for them, as there is no corn or fodder in that part of the country. Resumed day march early on the following morning, and arrived at Black's farm about 9 a. m., where I captured a captain and assistant quartermaster of the C. S. Army named Cyrus Black. From this place I proceeded to Lick Pond (or creek), which I crossed at Widow Parsons' place; followed Village Creek up to Johnson's where I recrossed, being on a trail which I learned was a command under Captain Johnston, of Major Reves' battalion, C. S. Army. I followed this trail as far as Swink's farm, in Lawrence Country, when I was obliged, owing to the very bad condition of my horses, to go into camp. Found here some forage belonging to Captain Cooper, C. S. Army, which I appropriated. Remained at this please until morning, when I again recrossed Village Creek and proceeded in the direction of Pocahontas, passing thought Childrath's settlement, and crossing Running Waters (a creek almost impassable on account if its miry condition). Captured a short distance from this creek John Phelps, a lieutenant of Major Reves' command, who, by the way, has the reputation as being a desperate character. Continued my march until I reached the main Jacksonport and Pocahontas road, and had arrived within 7 miles of the latter place when I received what I considered reliable information that Colonel Jackman, with 300 picket men, Captains Tracy and Copeland, with about 700 men, were on the opposite side of Black River. I deemed it prudent after consulting the lieutenant to return to camp, having accomplished my object, or rather, having carried out my instructions. I bivouacked that night on Black River opposite a small called Powhatan, In Lawrence Country, and was again obliged to graze my horses, not being able to procure any forage in the vicinity. Next morning I again took the main Jacksonport and Pocahontas road until I reached Mr. Gardness' farm, about 1 mile east of the main road, and encamped there for that night there being plenty of subsistence for both men and

