
horses. On the following morning I again took up line of march for this place, passing through Elegin, and arrived here about 1 p. m. same day.

During the time I was absent I marched in all a distance of 150 miles, over roads that were in some almost impassable. I captured in all about 20 Confederate soldiers, 3 of whom I brought in and turned over to the district provost-marshal on my arrival; the balance I paroled, as I did not with to be encumbered with prisoners in the event of my having an engagement with the enemy. I also captured 3 horses, 1 mule, 1 shotgun, 1 rifle, and revolvers; also pressed 6 horses 1 mule, which I brought into camp and are turned over to the regimental quartermaster.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

GEO. W. WEBER,

Captain Company M, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

Lieutenant EDWARD M. HEATON,

Acting Adjutant, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

MAY 6, 1864.-Raid on Napoleonville, La.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Nelson Shaurman. Ninetieth New York Infantry.

DONALDSONVILLE, May 6, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

Your dispatch received. I had sent orders to Captain Benedict, commanding detachment, to not let them escape him without damage to them. I have since sent advising him to form a junction with the cavalry force from Thibodeaux at Napoleonville, and try and capture the party. I have information just received that the force is the Second Louisiana Cavalry, and they came in through the canal road. They have sacked some of the stored in Napoleonsville. The cavalry here are without fire-arms except a few pistols, and no ammunition for them. I furnished the balance with Enfield rifles.

N. SHAURMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 6, 1864.-Scout from Bloomfield, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hirman M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

BLOMFIELD, May 6, 1864.

The scouts sent out this morning have all returned. Lieutenant Toney chased 6 of the guerrillas some 25 miles below here, and succeed killing 2 of them. Whitson and Saddler, both noted scoundrels. Saddler had a parole in his pocket given him by the provost marshal of New Madrid last December.

Yours,

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Commanding Sub-District, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

