
Besides the prisoners who have died from their wounds, 7 others were severely wounded and 11 or 12 slightly. It will be impossible even to ascertain the number who were killed in battle, as they were all thrown overboard. Several have broken loose from their weights and floated ashore, and other have been fished up from where they had been thrown. From the best information that I have been able to ascertain I suppose that from 15 to 20 were killed on action and thrown overboard.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. GRIFFIN,

Colonel Twenty-first Texas Infantry.

Captain l. G. ALDRICH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Texas. &amp;c., Houston, tex.

Return of casualties in the Confederate forces at Calsasieu Pass, May 6, 1864.

(Compiled from nominal list of casualties.)

Command.	 Killed.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Wounded.

 Officers	 Men.	 Officers	 Men.	 Aggrega

 .	 	 .	 	 te.

21st Texas...	 ...	 5	 a1	 3	 9

Daly's	 ...	 2	 ...	 b2	 4

battalion.

Spaight's	 ...	 ...	 ...	 b1	 1

battalion.

Creuzvaur's	 ...	 1	 ...	 c6	 7

battery.

Total.	 ...	 8 	 1	 12	 21

a Lieutenant N. E. Iglehart, wounded.

b One man mortally wounded.

c Two men mortally wounded.

Numbers 3. Report of Major J. Simpson, Second New Orleans Infantry (Union).

NEW ORLEANS, LA., May 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have to report the capture of the detachment sent to Calcasieu, La; also gun boats Wave and Granite City at that place. I arrived at Calsasieu Sunday, 8th instant, at 7 a. m., on the steamer Ella morse, Captain Pepper, we crossed the bar and entered the river, and when without about 500 yards of the gun-boats things looking a little suspicious, stopped our boats. The tide swung her around; we dipped our flag a signal, and were answered by a broadside from the Granite City. We immediately put on steam and ran down the river, the Granite City throwing shot and shell at us for about half a mile, and then we were attached by sharpshooters from either shore. Our pilot was wounded by the first shot. Captain Penner took the wheel and ran the boat out. We know nothing further in regal capture.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMPSON,

Major Second New Orleans Volunteers.

Major General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans.

