
MAY 6-11, 1864.-Scout from Patterson, Mo., and skirmish (8th) at Charokee Bay, Ark.

Report of Captain Abijah Johns, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

PATTERSON, MO., May 11, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with the within order, I proceeded on the morning of he 6th for the within named, first, to or near Poplar Bluff, 33 miles; thence to Cleveland in the swamps, 40 milkes thence to ferry on Curent River, near Pocahontas, Ark., 22 miles. Found the ferry-boat destroyed, and impossible to cross either Current or Black River without endangering the lives of some of my men; therefore I proceeded up Current River some 10 miles. My advance* discovered the rebels in line near the road, in the brush, and fired upon them, they receiving in return a volley from some seventy-five or eighty guns without doing any injury. I immediately formed my men and charged them, scattering them in all directions, they having 12 killed and a number wounded. After looking thought the brush in search of rebels, and found that they had all skedaddle I proceeded on to Little Black brigade, some 22 miles, fearing it might be torn up by the rebels and cause me some trouble in crossing Little Black River. Finding no forage, I proceeded on to Buck Skull, some 5 miles, and encamped. On the morning of the 10th turned my course toward Patterson: marched 35 miles, and encamped; and on the 11th, came into Patterson, having lost in the skirmish 1 man, supposed to be taken prisoner, and 2 horses killed.

Learned from reliable sources that Kitchen was some 20 milkes below Gainesville, on Crowley's Ridge, with but few men; I also learned that Reves had some 40 men 12 miles below Pocahontas, Ark., recruiting. The man with which he attacked me were commanded by Captains Johnston, bowls, Kenedy, and Reves.

All quiet, as far as I could learn, west of Pocahontas and Doniphan.

I an, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

ABIJAH JOHNS,

Captain Company A, Third Ca., Missouri State Militia.

Colonel JOHN F. TYLER,

Commanding Post of Pilot Knob.

MAY 8, 1864.-Skirmish near Maysville, Ark.

Reported of Colonel Williams A phillips, Third Indian Home Guard.

FORT SCOTT., KANS., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKean, Paola, Kans.:

I have received the following news in a letter from Colonel Phillips, dated at Fort Gibson on the 10th instant:

Captain Anderson, with a small command from this place, was out on a reconnaissance after Adair, had a fight on the 8th with a portion of the rebel forces 10 miles northeast of Maysville. The rebel lost 6 killed. Anderson has 2 badly wounded. River here falling.

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

C. S. BLAIR,

Colonel, &amp;c.

---------------

* On May 8.

---------------

