
MAY 9-JUNE 3, 1864.-The Gila (Arizona) Expedition.

Report of Captain Thomas T. Tidball, Fifth California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS GILA EXPEDITION,tucson, Ariz., June 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command composing the Gila expedition: The force, consisting of Second Lieutenant George Dutton, 35 men of Company K and 10 man of Company C, Fifth Infantry California I, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, and 16 men of Companies C and L, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, was organized at Fort Bowie, in accordance with your instructions, and marched on the 9th ultimo with twenty-five day's rations on packmules.

The command proceeded along the southern base of the Chiricahua Mountains to a point about 20 miles northwest of Fort Bowie; thence northerly across those mountains and the valley connecting the Valley del Sauz and Playa de los Pimas, through the eastern point of the Sierras Bonito to the Cienega Bonito, near the base of Mount Graham, where it arrived on the 12th.

First Lieutenant george A. Burkett, commanding Company I, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, Asst, Surg. P. H. Cox, medical duty, left Tucson on the evening of the 9th, and with a detachment of 7 men, Company F, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, overtook the command on the evening of the 13th at the Cinema Bonito. From the Cinema the command moved to the Gila, and thence up the valley of the Gila to within a few miles of the mouth of the Rio Bonito. Here it crossed to the north side of the Gila, and passing northeast for 8 or 9 miles, struck the Rio Bonito about 6 miles above its mouth. From our camp on this stream 7 men of the First Cavalry, california Volunteers, were dispatched on the 17th an express to Fort Bowie. Following up the Bonito we enter a broad, fine valley stretching off to the northwest, and passing down the south side of this valley, encamped at some small springs on the evening of the 17th. At 9 p. m. night, with Lieutenant Burkett and Stevens and a force of 60 men, I marched, in compliance with you verbal instructions, 10 miles to some water-thanks, with the hope of finding Indians there, but was disappointed. Marching southwesterly over a rough of mountains we crossed the Gila and encamped on the south side, near month of the Tulerosa, on the 20th. On the 21st, Lieutenant Burkett and 35 men, were sent to escort you in your examination of the Tulerossa and Mount Graham passes. i remained in camp on the Gila with the main force, and Lieutenant Burkett and party returned on the 24th.

On the 25th, the whole moved down the south side of the Gila about 25 miles encamped a few miles above the mouth of the san Carlos. On the 26th, we discovered smoke on the San Carlos, and in accordance with your instructions I organized a party of 85 men,, and with Lieutenants Burkett and Dutton marched at 9 p. m. for the San Carlos. Lieutenant Stevens was left in charge of camp. with instructions to move at daybreak to the San Charlos and encamp near its mouth. We reached the river about midnight and moved cautiously up the valley. A little before daybreak we discovered a five and heard the barking of a god in the brush. Owing

