
of June. Here I received your instructions to take such force as I deemed proper and make a secret move up the Arivaypa, with a view to surprise a rancheria, supposed to be located there, destroy crops, &amp;c., and to send all the troops and animals not needed for this expedition, under charge of an officer, direct to Tucson. Accordingly, Lieutenant Burkett and 25 men of Company I, Lieutenant Dutton, 23 men of Company K and 3 men of Company C, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, and 6 men of Company L, First Cavalry, california Volunteers, were detailed for this duty, and Lieutenant Stevens to Tucson the balance of the command and train. Leaving our camp in charge of the detachment of cavalry we marched at 8 p. m. up the Arivaypa. The trail much of the way was exceedingly difficult to travel at night, being through a dense growth of underbrush and obstructed in many places by trees which the Indians had fallen across it.

We reached the Indiana farms a little before daylight on the morning of the 2nd, but found no Indians. A careful examination after long time. Six Indians were seen on a high mountain out of range of our muskets. Longino, the Apache guide, held a conversation with them in which they requested that we would not destroy their wheat, as they needed it for food. There was about ten acres of fine wheat and four of five of corn, melons, &C. The wheat was so green it would not burn, and I had no other means of destroying it. After resting a few hours we marched back to camp, where we arrived at 1 p. . We had marched 30 miles in going to and returning from the farms and forded the Arivaypa thirty-six times.

On the morning of the 3rd, we marched for Tucson, where we arrived on the afternoon of the 4th, having been twenty-six days in the field. The total results of our operations are: Indians killed 51; wounded, 17; prisoners, 16 women and children. Property captured, $660 in gold coin, 1 mule, 3 horses, 2 Sharps carbines, 1 double-barreled shotgun, 1 Colt revolver, 2 saddles, 2 pairs of saddlebags, 1 bridle, 1 headstall, 2 lances, 4 boxer caps,a nd 4 powerhons. Property destroyed, 1 ton mescal, 30 acres of wheat, corn, beans, &c., and large number of bows and arrows. The only casualty in my command was the accidental wounding of Sergeant Foster.

The death of the two chiefs, As-calt-cu-ash and Skid-na-ha, and the destruction of their corps be a serious blow to these Indians. Though these bands are perhaps no worse than others of the race, it is particularly gratifying to know that justice has overtaken the murderers of Mills and Stevens.

The conduct of both officers and men, in their patient endurance of hardships and privations and zeal in seedling the wily Apaches, is worthy of all praise. I deem it my duty to specially acknowledge my appreciation of the good conduct of Sergt. Charles Brown, of Company K, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers. His quick perception of the position and prompt action conduced much to the almost total destruction of the indians int he lower rancheria.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. T. TIDBALL,

Captain Fifth Infty., Cal. Vols., Commanding Troops Gila Exp.

Lieutenant Cool. NELSON H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

