
May 10-25, 1864.-Scout from Pilot Knob, Mo., to Gainesville, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel John F. Tyler, First Missouri State Militia Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Herman J. Huiskamp, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John F. Tyler, First Missouri State Militia Infantry.

PILOT KNOB, MO., May 25, 1864.

My scout has just returned from Gainesville, Ark. No regular force was met at any place, but bushwhackers in abundance. Five were killed and some wounded. They run Reves and his command, and ate a dinner that was prepared for him on Black River. Captured a rebel mail and the carrier; nothing of importance in it. Destroyed a supply of medicines stored up by the rebels valued at about $10,000; capture and destroyed many shotguns, rifle, and a considerable amount of ammunition. Got into Gainesville just twenty-four hours after Kitchen, with several of his officers left there. Officers and men had a pretty severe time, but stood it well. Our only casualty was the wounding of Captain Johns by some guerrillas while he was in camp at Scatterville, Ark. I think the country has been more thoroughly scoured this time than ever before.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant HARRISON HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Herman J. Huiskamp, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

I have arrived all O. K. I formed a junction with Captain Johns on the 18th instant. Both of the commands entered Gainesville at the same time. Captain Johns killed some of Reves' man, and captured and destroyed over $10,000 worth of medicines. On our return and while in camp near Scatterville, Ark., Captain Johns was shot by guerrillas, a ball passing through and shattering his left arm. He was also wounded int eh hip. The country around Gainesville swarms with guerrillas, but no organized force is there; in fact could not subsist. The command is weary, hungry, and worn out and may of the horses need shoeing, and unless otherwise ordered I will remain here until day after to-morrow.

H. J. HUISKAMP,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel J. F. TYLER.

MAY 13, 1864.-Skirmish at Spavinaw, Ark.

Report of Major Milton Burch, Eight Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEOSHO, MO., May 14, 1864.

SIR: For the information of the commanding general, I have the honor of reporting the operations of a scout made under my immediate

