
command on Grand River, Cowskin and Spavinaw. I started from this post on the 10th instant with 40 mounted men and 20 men on foot; the men on foot were under the command of Captain John R. Kelso and Captain Ozias Ruark.

On the third day the infantry returned back to this post. I moved on in the direction of Spavinaw, which point I reached on the night of the 13th.

About 11 o'clock on the night of the 13th I discovered the camp-fires of the enemy, but thinking it might be Colonel Allen's camp I deferred attacking them till I reconnoitered an ascertained who they were. I still intended to defer the attack till morning, but after due deliberation, and having passed some houses with families living there, I knew that they would have a good chance to get information of my whereabouts. I resolved to attack them. I dismounted my men and mowed slowly and cautiously to where I through their picket might be stationed, but found none. I then gave the order to charge, which was obeyed promptly; the enemy some in their beds and some lazily lounging by their fires. When we halted thoroughly penetrated their camp there was a general skedaddle, leaving 22 head of horses, 10 stand of arms, saddles, pants, hats, shoes; in fact, everything pertaining to make comfortable. We only succeeded in killing 2 of the gang and wounding several more. The squad, 30 in number, came in with Colonel Adair, and belonged to the Second Cherokee Indiana Regiment. from my observation and what I could learn, there are about 100 or 150 men all told. I intend starting another party in a few days to ascertain more correctly their numbers and give them a thrashing.

With respect, I remain, your most obedient servant.

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Batt., Eighth Cav., Missouri State Militia

ADJUTANT GENERAL,

Springfield.

MAY 13, 1863.-Skirmish near Cuba, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Odon Guitar, Missouri State Militia.

ROLLA, MO., May 13, 1863.

Sixteen of the Fifteenth Missouri Militia and a small party of Enrolled Missouri Militia, suddenly called together, fell upon a party of 30 guerrillas going north. 6 miles northeast of Cuba, at 1 o'clock were surprised and fired upon by our men. Two were killed, and several horses, a number of guns, saddles, blankets, &amp;c., captured. They were scattered and still being pursued at last accounts. My impression is that the party were moving north with the design of crossing the Missouri River.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

Mah. O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

