
MAY 13-31, 1864.-Shelby's operations north of the Arkansas River.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

May 13, 1864.-Skirmish at Cyprus Creek, Perry 			County.

15, 1864.-Skirmish near Dardanelle.

17, 1864.-Capture of Dardanelle.

19, 1864.-Skirmish near Norristown.

25, 1864.-Skirmish at Buck Horn.

27, 1864. Shelby assumes command of all troops 			north of the Arkansas River.

REPORTS, EWTC.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joseph O. shelby, C. S. Army, including operations may 5-June 27.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Joseph R. West u. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Abstract from Record of Events on return of First Brigade, second Division, Seventh Army Corps, for May, 1864.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union), of skirmish at Cypress Creek.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, c. s. Army, including operations May 5-June 27.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Fifteen miles South of Arkansas River, may 15, 1864.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 13th, I arrived on the Arkansas River 5 miles Lewisburg, at the Widow Brown's Ford,a nd found a 12-foot rise in the river, with the surrent heavy and strong. I have traveled from my camp to the river in a little over three days, although the roads were terribly rough and forage and subsistence a myth. The river was approached very cautiously, for 1 mile below the ford a camp od Federals was discovered and Lewisburg was in sight above. Nevertheless I made instant preparations for crossing. The boat I carried up from Camp Bullock was added to by another gotten on Fourche la Fave, and with the two I made the venture, hazardous as it was. By sundown everything was ready, when 400 Federals crossed over from Lewisburg and made a sharp, vigorous attack upon my outlying pickets. I re-enforced them with fire companies, not willing to show a man more than necessary, for the Federals took us for guerrillas and I wished to favor the delusion. By dark they were all driven back with a loss of 40 killed and wounded, while I lost but 1 slightly wounded, and I then put the two boats into the river and sent over about 100 men with arms as infantry, and these were followed by 100 volunteer swimmers with their horses for scouts. The two boats-loads had scarcely got well over when the futile and weakened efforts of the horses convinced me that it was utterly impossible for them to stem the rapid and resistless current, together with the deep and treacherous quicksand on both shores. To ferry them over was the work of two a half or three days with the two little boats, and I determined not to risk it, for these reasons: The Federals at lewisburg would know our intentions by daylight. Thayer's division had just passed up, six transports preceding my arrival only some ten hours, and I was ignorant whether

