
and must have rest, and because I must take a little time to organize and straighten out the odds and ends of a good but demoralized and chattered command. It is reported that the Federal are leaving Little Rick, but of this I am not yet satisfied. At all events they are sending large bodies of infantry to Devall's Bluff from Little Rock, and heavy scouts are watching the country from Des Arc to Searcy. This all may be to anticipate our attack upon the railroad, but it look very much like an evacuation. I will know, however, in a few days. The Federals that occupied Batesville and Jacksonport were very much demoralized and a great many deserted, some join my command. I had a scout in Lewisburg in five hours after my last communication to you. After the fight I had with them, after crossing the river at Dardanelle, they evacuated Lewisburg in haste and fled in disorder to Little Rock. A great many goods were left there, but they were placed in hours where the small-pox was raging, and the men left them unmolested and untouched. This terrible disease was raging with great violence in this town, every home nearly a hospital. Everything now is encouraging. The Federal have evacuated every post above Little rick on the river except Fort Smith. The news from Virginia is glorious beyond the most sanguine expedition. After ten days; terrible fighting General Grant has been forced to change his base, which means falling back, and General Lee is now pressing upon him. This is certain beyond the possibility of a doubt. I write you this long communication, colonel, thus fully, freely, ad frankly, because I wish General Price to understand exactly how matters stand in his district, so that he will be able, as I know he will, to apply the proper remedies. I believe that by taking a firm, decided, and resolute stand, and carrying out my intentions without fear of favor, I will be able to redeem this county and add 3,000 or 4,000 good men to your army.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Troops.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Camden, Ark.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY;'S DIVISION,December-, 1864.

COLONEL: The following reports contains a full account of my operations north of White River, which I now have the honor of laying before you: On May 5, 1864, immediately after the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, I received orders to march to the rear of General Steele's army, occupy the valley of White River, and prevent its navigation and the use of the Little Rock and Devall's Bluff Railroad in every possible manner and fashion.

Delay in getting ammunition and transportation prevented me from moving until the 9th, when, after an unusually hard day's march, I encamped in Rockport, and thence upon by heavy traveling to the Arkansas River. My horses were much reduced by the unusually vigorous campaign preceding my departure, and being mostly vigorous much from the rough and rugged country passed over. Although my command had contributed largely to the

