
Early on the 26th, a fleet of transports, convoyed by three more gun-boats, bringing 3,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry, came down to release the death-grip upon the river. The iron-clads covered the landing of the troops, and I took position just beyond range, driving them back three times. Each time they came back largely re-enforced, until I found it unless to prolong the contest and fell back slowly before them. They followed me all day eagerly, but I kept up an unbroken rear, and they suffered severely. They next day they grew bolder and charged two or three times quite vigorously, when, becoming tired of their incessant attacks, and getting clear of the minty and swimming stream of Bayou De View, I massed three regiments rapidly, charged their advance, and drove it pell-mell back upon the main body, which also took to fight and ran 10 miles, throwing away guns, overcoats, hats, and blankets. General Carr followed no farther, and I continued on unmolested. Colonel Dobbin was instructed to leave a large force upon White River between Saint Charles Clarendon and annoy the navigation of that stream in every possible shape, which he faithfully did.

The expedition to Clarendon nearly used up all my horses, living on nothing but grass, and the rain continued without intermission for three weeks.

* * * * * *

My thanks are earnestly due to all officers and men for their courage and devotion and their eagerness at all times to meet the enemy.

Hoping this report will prove satisfactory, I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

Major L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Arkansas.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following movements: Pursuant to instruction of the 19th instant from the general commanding, "to organize a force, to consist of the twelfth Michigan, Fifty-fought. Sixty-first,a nd One hundred and sixty Illinois, Marr's battery, and all the cavalry now (then) out north of the river and railroad, to protect the latter," the three first-named regiments of infantry and Marr's battery crossed to the railroad depot, north side of the river, opposite Little Rock, on the 19th instant. The district commander's verbal orders were given to me that afternoon to move them to Browsville. Defective arrangements for railroad transforation prevented the command, including the One hundred and sixth Illinois, coming from the direction of Devall's Bluff, from uniting at Brownsville until noon of the 20th instant. The force that my command was to oppose was understood to be the rebels under Shelby, who, after crossing the Arkansas at Dardanelle, was

