
expected to move southeast toward the railroad. I determined to move out and meet the enemy. For this purpose more rations were needed, and they were not furnished to me until the 21st distant, at too late an hour to move on that day. Colonel Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry, after evacuating Lewisburg, had fallen back to Cadron Ferry. On the 19th instant I dispatched an aide to him with the following orders:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark, May 19, 1864.

Colonel A. H. Ryan,

Third Arkansas Cavalry, in the Fiels:

By Special Orders, Numbers 7., from headquarters District of Little Rock, all the cavalry now on expedition north of the river and railroad are under my control. continue to act as directed by Special Orders, Numbers 5, from district headquarters. Cover all the front between the railroad and the enemy. Send information to Brownsville and to my headquarters here. Harass and delay the enemy all means in your power. I shall be at Brownsville to-night with a force sufficient to support you.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

On the 21st instant, at Brownsville, the following was received from Colonel Ryan:

CADRON FERRY, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEST,

Brownsville:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Guirado arrived yesterday, 2 p. m. I moved forces from Lewisburg yesterday morning toward Dover. Finding the enemy moving on our flank and rear we fell back on the line of the Cadron. I think he will move between Clinton and Searcy. Do you wish me to move regardless of covering any particular point or let everything go and strike where I can? There has been a conflict of reports regarding Shelby's battery. From Lieutenant Babb, of the Fourth Arkansas, who was prisoner while Shelby was at Dardanelle, I learn they are 10-pounded Parrott guns, 2,500 men, are remarkably well mounted. Do you wish this guard or destroyed? I have 515 effective men.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

To this the following redly was sent:

BROWNSVILLE, May 21, 1864.

Colonel A. h. RYAN,

Cadron Ferry:

I wish you to keep between the enemy and my force. I shell move on Austin in the morning. Try and unite with, or at least communicate with me there, by there-morrow night. in doing so you must observe the enemy's right flank. This is positive, even if if prevents your uniting with me. Destroy the Cadron Ferry; strike where you can, but bear in mind that it is an object to unite with me.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

On the 22nd instant I moved with the main command to Austin, drawing to that point, also by authority from the district commander, direct from Devall's Bluff, the Eight Missouri Cavalry, under Colonel Geiger. You will observe that the enemy was reported moving northeast; that Colonel Ryan was ordered to observe his right flank even if it prevented his uniting with me; that the main force was pushing direct to the line of the enemy's march to strike him on the flank. Colonel Ryan did not observe the enemy's right flank, but marched to Peach Orchard Gap, on the 22nd instant, and moved the same afternoon toward Searcy. I learned this at Austin at 1 a. m.,

May 23, and moved from there 3 a. m. to Peach Orchard Gap,

