
crossing Colonel Ryan's line of march and sending word to him to come back from the direction of Searcy and join the main force at Quitman. On the 23rd instant the infantry marched to Peach Ordered Gap, Colonel Geiger's cavalry to Quitmans, completing 100 miles in two days. I went in person to Quitman; could hear nothing of the enemy. On the morning f the 24th instant nothing could be learned of Colonel Ryan. There was a report that 500 rebels were on the road from Springfield to Clinton, and that three companies of Ryan's command were at Springfield. I ordered the infantry to Springfield, the force at Springfield to remain there, Colonel Geiger to march to Clinton, and on the 23th instant to come down the road, where the rebels were to be, intending that morning to push out force from Springfield to take them in front also. I remained at Quitman with a small escort until 6 p. m., 24th instant, waiting for Colonel Ryan. as he did not come up, I crossed over to Springfield during the night, reaching that point at 11.30 a. m., 25th instant. Here I found Colonel Ryan and learned from him that Shelby's rear guard had passed through Clinton on the night of the 23rd instant. Colonel Geiger reached Springfield by 3 p. m. and confirmed this report. The infantry and artillery had arrived means while, and during the afternoon my entire command concentrate at Springfield. Colonel Ryan's command were without rations, his horses badly worn down, and needing shoes. Colonel Geiger's cavalry had marched 100 miles the first two days and 50 miles the next two; the roads and travel were telling on his horses. The infantry and artillery had marched 80 miles in four days over a very rough country. With an exhausted command, two days' rations on hand, and the enemy sixty hours in advance of me and all cavalry, I did not consider it practicable to follow him with any expedition of meeting success. On the 26th, telegraphic communication with you being interrupted I returned in person to district headquarters for orders, and am now apprised that my command will be withdrawn to another line of operations with its original object. It is proper that this report should be made at the present time. Why the enemy got beyond my reach is attributable to delays upon the railroad, and to the fact that Colonel Ryan never touched his right at all. The Eight Missouri and Tenth Illinois Cavalry, under Colonel Geiger, the infantry named in your original order, under Colonel Graves, and Marr's battery deserve commendation for the celerity and good order of their movements. Prompt, rapid, and compact at all times they moved straight toward an enemy that was allowed to elude them by the failure of Colonel Ryan and his command to keep in contact with him.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock.

Numbers 3. Abstract from Record of Elevenths of return of First Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, for May, 1864.

May 19.-A portion of the brigade, consisting of the Fifty-fourth and Sixty-first Illinois and Twelfth Michigan Volunteers, under the

