
command of Colonel W. H. Graves, started [from Little Rock] on an expedition in compliance with instructions from Brigadier General J. R. West. Reached Brownsville, Ark., about 3 a. m. of the 20th where the expedition waited for supplies.

May 22.-At 3 a. m. started for Austin, Ark., at which place arrived at 2 p. m. Left Austin at 3 a. m. of the 23rd, and reached Peach Ordered Gap at 6.30 p. m. Left Peach Orchard Gap at 3 a. m. [24th] and arrived at Harding at 5 p. m.; distance, 18 miles.

May 25.-Broke camp at 4 a. m. and marched 20 miles, when the command reached Springfield, Ark., where it remained three days.

May 28.-Left Springfield; reached Cadron Ferry at 9 a. m. on the 29th, and crossing encamped in the wilderness until next morning, when at 4 a. m. started for Little Rock, where it arrived at 8 a. m. may 31, having marched a distance of 140 miles.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union), of skirmish at Cypress Creek.

LEWISBURG, May 14, 1864.

MAJOR: Major Clarkson, Third Arkansas Cavalry, return with his command during the night, bringing in the body of Lieutenant Butter whom the rebels had robbed and stripped to his underclothes. Major Clarkson met the enemy in Petty Country, 5 miles from the river; a skirmish ensued, the major driving the enemy over and beyond Cypress Creek, destroying their camp, pursuing them a mile farther; the enemy broke and ran. It being night, pursuit was discontinue. receiving orders, the command returned without the loss of a man. Enemy's loss not known. The major not known. The major reports the men as behaving remarkably well. I would respectfully ask if the general thinks it advisable that the Third Battalion of the regiment be sent here? Yesterday the post was nearly stripped to furnish men to scout over the river, and I candidly believe the best interest of the service demand that they be taken from the influences that surround them in Little Rock.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major WILLIAMS E. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.

MAY 15, 1864.-Attack on Mount Pleasant Landing, La., and pursuit of the Confederates.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., May 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 15th instant at daylight a rebel force of cavalry surrounded and attacked the stockade at Mount Pleasant Landing. It was defended by a guard of 1 lieutenant and 20 men of the Sixty-seventh U. S. Infantry

