
(colored). They were overpowered and the rebels proceeded to burn the saw-mill and other buildings, and to plunder. The alarm being given, I sent out a cavalry detachment of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois, followed and supported by a force consisting of the Seventy-eighth U. S. Infantry (colored), Colonel S. B. Jones, and the Twelfth Massachusetts Battery. After a rapid pursuit of 3 miles the cavalry came up with the enemy, and had several sharp skirmishers with them. They succeeded in rescuing most of the prisoners taken at Mount Pleasant, but were not able not able to recover the stock and merchandise plunder by the rebels. As there were reports of a considerable Confederate reserve on the Baton Rouge road, in accordance with my orders, the pursuit was discontinued. Our loss is as follows: At Mount Pleasant, man killed, 3 wounded, and Second Lieutenant John A. Mounton, Sixty-seventh U. S. Infantry (colored), taken prisoner, who, I regret to say, together with several citizens, still remains in the hands of the enemy. in the skirmishes 2 of the Illinois cavalry were wounded and 5 horses shot. At Mounts pleasant 2 rebels were killed and several wounded. In the skirmished we killed 4, and took 2 prisoners, 1 of whom provost to ba a very dangerous character, of whom I have repeatedly heard. The force of the enemy was divided into detachments, which attacked the stockade, estimated at 150 each, and a reserve under Colonel Powers, reported to be as many more.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans.

MAY 16, 1864.-Action at Big Bjushes, near Smoky Hill, Kans.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant George S. Eayre, McLain's Colorado Battery.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LYON, COLO, TER., May 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the colonel commanding that Lieutenant Eaytre, with a detachment of his command, have reported at this post; the balance of his command are now at Fort Larned. He has had a fight with the Cheyenne Indians at a point on the Smoky Hill Fork, between this post and Fort Larned, Known as big Bushes. His loss is 4 killed and 3 wounded; the loss of the Indians amounts to 25 to 30 killed and a number wounded. Among the Cheyennes killed is their principal chief, Black Kettsdle, and two other chiefs, viz Good-Eye and Tut-Tut. The Cheyennes retreated in a direction toward the north. Lieutenant Eayre supposes the number of Indians to be from 400 to 500 that he engaged, all warriors, they making the first attack. Lieutenant Eayre has lost a number of horses killed wounded and stampeded in the fight. From all I can learn the men and officers behaved well and acted in such a manner as to reflect credit upon themselves as Colorado

