
soldier, the odds being great in regard to numbers against them, and the nature of the ground such that it was greatly to our disadvantage in using the howitzers, notwithstanding with a complete victory was achieved.

I have information to the effect that the Kiowa Indians below here on the Arkansas are showing evidences of discontent, and have lately committed some depredations upon trains in the neighborhood of Fort Larned. I have troops disposed in such a manner that I can receive immediate intelligence of any depredations committed by any Indians on this route. The middle and left sections of First Colorado Battery, Lieutenant Burdsal commanding, reported at this post to-day.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant.

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Fort Lyon.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

A. A. A. G., Military District of Colorado.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant George S. Eayre, McLain's Colorado Battery.

FORT LARNED, KANS., May 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that on the 16th instant, when within 3 miles of the Smoky Hill, I was attacked by the Cheyenne Indians, about 400 strong, and after a persistent fight of seven and one-half hours succeeded in driving them from the field. They lost 3 chief and 25 warriors killed; the wounded I am unable to estimate. My own loss is 4 men killed and 3 wounded. My animals are exhausted. I will remain at this post until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EAYRE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado.

MAY 16, 1864.-Skirmish near Drywood Creek, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Kansas.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Kansas.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 17, 1864.

General McKean telegraphs that Colonel Blair's command yesterday attack a party of guerrillas 35 miles southeast of Fort Scott, killing 3 and wounding several. Our troops still in pursuit.

S. C. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

