
near his feet. At the first the bushwhackers had fired at the prisoners, but the tumult was so great that none were hurt except the elder Ury, who was shot through the thigh, and is in a fair way to recover. They younger Ury pushed straight for the camp of Company C, got 5 fresh men, and is now on their trail. I have through this gallant act of these 3 men of Company c deserves special mention, as their conduct undoubtedly saved the lives of all the prisoners, and I therefore respectfully call your attention to it. Their names are Sergets O. H. Carpenter and Elwin Webber, and Private George F. Pond, Company C, third Wisconsin Cavalry. I have about 200 men in pursuit in different parties who will give a good account of the enemy if they catch them, and who will catch them if it can be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Asst. Adjt, General, District of Southern Kansas.

MAY 16, 1864.-Affair at Spirit Lake, Minn.

Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibbley, U. s. Army, commanding District of Minnesota.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Saint Paul, Minn., May 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I had the honor to communicate to you by telegraph this morning that a party of Indians had attacked 2 men belonging to General Sully's post at Spirit Lake, and that they were beaten off with a loss of 3 men killed. This occurred on the 16th instant. I regeared to state that 1 of the soldiers, a Sergeant Witlock by name, was seriously if not dangerously wounded. The boy killed near my outpost of the 17th instant with two bullets and an arrow. he was not scalped or otherwise mutilated. The next morning (18th) a soldier belonging to the detachment on outpost duty at lake Hanska, while engaged in fishing near the post, was fired upon and badly wounded. Hew states that he saw 3 Indians. I have pushed out detachments in pursuit of these marauders, and trust they will be caught and destroyed. I anticipate a recurrence of these raids on the north of the Minnesota by the refugees from Red River, and on the south by the savages of White Longe's and Sleepy Eye's bands for they are, respectfully, familiar with the country and can effect much mischief. If two or their parties can be exterminated the ardor of the others will probably be much diminished. I expect further formation to-night of the state of things, as much more damage may have been done than I an yet aware of.

Captain whitney and Lieutenant King arrived here to-day from Sioux City, which place they one week ago to-day. They report the Missouri lower than last season and falling, so that steamers even of light draught have great difficultly in navigating the stream. General Sully had not yet arrived at Sioux City, having it was understood, return from Saint Joseph to Saint Louis to hasten forward his supplies.

