
I have no reason to believe that his column can possibly reach Burdache Creek in time to effect a junction with my troops on 20th of june, but I shall, unless otherwise ordered, dispatch my detachment at the appointed period, if the grass is sufficient to sustain the animals, which in now very doubtful, the whole vegetation being retarded by the parched state of the earth.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee.

MAY 16-25, 1864.-Expedition from Patterson to Bloomfield and Pilot Knob, Mo.

Report of Captain Williams A. Kirby, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP SIXTH CAVALRY, MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,

May 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the expedition sent out by you under command of Captain Johns, Company A, third Missouri State Militia: We scouted the country from Patterson thought Cherokee Bay to the bank of Black River, about 5 miles above Pocahontas, without finding a rebel. On the opposite bank of the Black we found 7 men, who took the brush as soon as fired upon. We crossed Black River by swimming it on Tuesday afternoon, May 17, 1864. About a mile from the river we burned a drug store containing about $8,000 of $10,000 with of drugs. Toward evening we charged upon a squad of bushwhackers, but lost them in the swamp. On Wednesday, the 18th, crossed Cache swamp. Bushwhackers very bold, firing on the advance often. During the day we killed 2 and wounded 1. Captured a rebel mail and several prisoners, and some cotton passing to cape Girardeau under the protection of Major Reves. reached Gainesville at night, where we were joined by captain Huiskamp, of the Sixth cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, with 46 men.* Started for Bloomfield, Mo., on Thursday, 18th. The bushwhackers wounded Captain Johns in the arm the same night visiting the pickets. We learned that the rebels intended to attack us in force that night, but finding us prepared, they, made no further demonstration than firing open Captain Johns as he visited the pickets. we found no more rebels on the march, and reached Pilot Knob on the 25th of May, 1864, having marched over 350 miles, killed 2 bushwhackers and wounded 1, captured 7 prisoners, 1 rebel mail, and destroyed about 100 shotguns and rifles. So far as we could learn, colonel Kitchen has collected all his available force and gone down Saint Francis River for supplies.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. KIRBY,

Captain Co. A. Sixth Cav., Mo. Vols., Commanding company.

Colonel JOHN F. TYLER,

Commanding Post, Pilot Knob, Mo.

---------------

* See Huiskamp's report, p. 921.

---------------

