
MAY 17-22, 1864.-Scout in Northern Arkansas.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Cameron, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

CAMP CAMERON, May 23, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 60, I rematched May 17, 1864, with a detachment mostly from Company M, second Arkansas Cavalry, in the direction of the mouth of Richmond Creek, and encamped on the north side of Buffalo Creek, opposite. On the 18th, I crossed Buffalo and marched up Richland to . W. Robertson's, where I found forage for the horses of my command. Mr. Robertson accompanied me as guide as far as Mrs. Hindrick's, where I learned that she had been robbed of her wagon, cattle, and corn by 2 men (Williams Martin and William Wilthite) from Izard Country, Ark. I took the trail of these robbers and crossed the mountains north of Point Peter to Calf Creek and overtook said robbers at Widow Turney's, took them prisoners, and fed the corn to my horses. Here I received 2 U. S. horses and 2 I. S. mules, and captured 2 horses. On the 19th, I marched down Buffalo, on the month side; encountered a small party of rebels on the Tomahawk Barrens, attacked and dispersed them, wounding 1 and taking Corporal Bevins, of Captain Love's company, prisoner. I crossed the Tomahawk about noon and arrived at Yellville at sundown, taking John Burnst, Robert Smith, and Elisha Estis prisoners on the way. Sergeant Kimball, Company M, second Arkansas Cavalry, having charge of said prisoners, suffered John Burns to escape during night. On the 20th, I marched by Talbot's Ferry on the White River to Camp Haley, encountered J. B. Lovell, who was shot to death by Private Bailey, Company C, Second Arkansas Cavalry, and captured his horse; $150 Confederate notes were taken from his person, which please find accompanying. Finding nothing against Robert Smith and Elisa Estis I released them. On the 21st, a strange delusion possessed some of the rebels below the mouth of Little North Fork. They insisted that my command must be Jackman's and 5 reported and congratulated me upon the manner in which the prisoners taken at the Richland slaughter were treated. Their names are Georgia Hogan, calvin Hogan, William Lance, James Cocker, and Thomas Allman. The last-named came, bringing with him his arms. On the 22nd, I marched in the direction of this camp without occurrence of importance. Whole number of prisoners brought in, 8; horses recovered and captured, brought in, 7, mules, 2/ I canon close theirs report without an allusion to the vigilance of Lieutenant Phillips, Company M, second Arkansas cavalry, and to the conduct of the men, which was highly creditable to your regiment; also to the very valuable services of Dr. G. W. Jobe, who acted as guide and scout.

My opinion is that Jackman's command is encamped on the Boston Mountain, south of the headwaters of Richland, laboring to organizer a regiment by a combination with Major Nicholas, captain Love, Lieutenant Lemmon, and others. The combination was reported to have taken place on the 18th, by which Jackman would be about 300 strong. The report that Captain Tracy had returned from a very successful raid into Missouri and was encamped at Talbot's Mills, on the North Folk, on the 18th May, 1864, was current, and that

