
expedition on our lines of communication, east or west, and I am inclined to believe upon this State. Our forces were thrown forward at the right moment, and the plans of the enemy foiled.

I am, very respectfully, general your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Lieutenant, 3rd U. S. Cav., Rectg., Commanding 2nd Arkansas Cav.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain William C. Human, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATT., EIGHTH MO. STATE MILITIA,Yelville, Ark., February 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make to following report: In obedience to your orders I marched from Ozark, Mo., on the 18th of January with all the available men of the First Battalion, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. I marched 20 miles to Swan Creek and camped. On the 19th, marched 10 miles south of Whit River. On the 20th, marched to Baker's Prairie. On the 21st, marched through Baker's and Hussa Prairies to Marshall Prairie. Had several skirmishes; killed 4 and wounded 2 bushwhackers. The pickets were firing during the night. Marched on the 22nd up Clear Creek; found about 180 rebels. I formed two of my companies and drove the rebels across the mountains to the south side, where they secreted themselves behind the brush and rock until the column came down through the ravine. They poured a heavy fire from the top of the mountain down on the main column. I managed to throw skirmishers on the opposite mountain, and drove them in every direction; killed 4 and wounded 2. Here I lost 2 horses wounded and left; also 2 men were very slightly scratched. Camped in the bottom near the mountain. Marched on the 23rd to Lebanon ; fed, and marched on to Burrowsville. We were fired on from the tops of several hills, but no damage was done. After having rested for two days, I learned that there was a force in Clinton. I started about dark, marched 30 miles, and arrived at Clinton at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, but there was no force in that country. Moved to Red River, up Red River to Denton, and back to Burrowsville. On the 31st marched to Bear Creek, scouted the country; scattered the rebels into small squads. I then moved to Ring's Mills, near Marshall Prairie; scouted the country for several days; killed 21 bushwhackers. Here I lost 1 man and 1 scout killed in a skirmish with a lot of bushwhackers. I then moved to Rolling Prairie; scouted the country; killed 2 bushwhackers. I was then ordered by General Holland to this place. I have captured 32 head of horses. I find plenty of forage, bacon, wheat, and corn meal. The horses are barefooted, and some of the men need clothing very much.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HUMAN,

Captain Commanding First Batt., Eighth Cav., Mo. State Militia .

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

