
Colonel Freeman, of McRae's command, with 600 men, was moving up White River, and not far from Batesville. All with whom I have conversed during my absence confidently except to see Southern move soon. I infer an advance of the Southern army in contemplated.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant-Colonel second Arkansas Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN E. PHELPS, Commanding.

MAY 18, 1864.-Affair near Searcy, ark.

Report of Colonel oliver Wood, Twenty-second ohio Infantry.

BROWNSVILLE STATION, May 19, 1864.

I have just returned from my scout. My command will be in this evening. Have seized about 80 very good horses and mules; can get plenty more in the neighborhood of Peach Orched Gap and up bayou des Arc. There are no beeves in that country. McCoy, Kirk, and Little are in and about Searcy and Stony Point. Kirk and Little attacked us yesterday; we easily repulsed them and scatters them in all directions. Nearly all of them escaped. They have at least 250 armed men, and almost every man in White Country between the ages of eighteen and fifty is enrolled.

O. WOOD,

Colonel Twenty-second Ohio.

Lieutenant H. T. PORTER,

Aide-de Camp, District Hdqrs, Little Rock.

MAY 18-23, 1864.-Scouts near Neosho and Carthage, Mo.

Report of Colonel John D. allen, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. 7TH PROV. Regiment, ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Mount Vernon, Mo., May 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have just returned from my scout below. I found no force of rebels. There about 75 or 80 rebels passed between Newtonia and Neosho on the 75 or 80 rebels passed between scouts out during the day, and both scouts saw the rebels; one reported 75, the other 80, seen at different places near same time. There was a lady came in who had seen them and reported about 160, and that she heard heavy musket firing in the direction of Neosho, which was the case; the troops at Neosho fired their guns that day in ordered to clean them up and reload. Immediately upon receiving Captain Ritchey's dispatch, I sent one company direct to Newtonia with Captain Roberts. I moved west with two companies through Sarcoxie, and then in the direction of Neosho, until I was opposite Granby, then direct to Granby. I was informed at that place that the rebels had passed, going north. I went that night to Newtonia and learned there that all was quiet at Neosho. I remained there until morning when I was joined by one mere of my companies

