
and 100 men from Cassville; their horses not being fit for service I left them at Newtonia. I moved with my command on the 20th to Neosho. Major Burch and myself concluded to take a scout into Arkansas, but, just on the eve of starting, I received information of the rebels robbing the citizens on Spring River, some 8 miles above Carthage, and that they intended staying in that neighborhood some days. I had information of some 40 or 50 being in that country. We turned our course for Carthage; on arriving there we learned that the large bunch had passed in 2 miles of Carthage, and sent word to Captain Rohrer to come out and fight them, but when he went they were gone; the captain not having men enough did not follow then very far. We then separated. Major Burch went in the direction of Sherwood and Fidelity, and then return to Neosho. I divided my force into three squads; sent one squad north to the Dry Fork of Spring River, thence up that stream to the head, and thence to camp; one squad south to center Creek, thence up said stream to Sarcoxie, thence to cave Spring to camp; and I went up the river with the other squad to where the robbing was done, and found the trail of about 25 or 30. Followed the trail north to the prairie to where the home guards had a fight with them the night before, but no damage done. I found that they had return to the river again. I camped for the night. The next day I searched the river bottom througly for about 10 miles; found where they had camped, and followed their trail until they dispersed, and I searched the hills but made no further discoveries. We camped at Cave Spring. I directed Captain Stotts to send an infantry scout.

Major Burch and I have agreed to take a scout into Arkansas; it will require 200 men, and I find on my return that there are small bands in the country stealing and robbing the citizens. I will not be able to furnish more than 50 men and do the citizens justice here. If you can furnish about 75 men with Major Cosgrove or some other, I think we can find out what of the enemy is in Northwest Arkansas. We propose starting from this place Saturday for eight days' scout southwest.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding seventh Prov. Regiment enrolled Mo. Militia.

Lieutenant WALTER D. HUBBAR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Springfield, Mo.

MAY 20, 1864.-Skirmish at Lamar, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Charles W. blair. Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. s. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, Mo., May 21, 1864.

Lamar was attacked by 100 rebels about daylight yesterday morning, who were repulsed by our troops with the loss to us of a few horses killed only. Enemy's loss not reported. This is no doubt the

