
same force that passed through Granby the of the 18th instant. There are quite a number of rebel troops north of the Arkansas River, and they are constantly moving north in bodies of from 50 to 125. It seems utterly impossible with me reduced stock to intercept them or bring them to an engagement; still I will keep trying. No attack was made on Neosho, and the troops there pursued this force north until their horses gave out.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Charles W. blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanding brigade.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., My 20, 1864-10.30 a. m.

This a. m. at 4 o'clock the rebels attacked Lamar, Mo., 40 miles form here, and took the place, it being garrisoned by about 25 State militia an the same number of citizens. My orderly one of my scouts were just outside of town in the edge of the woods, was the fight, which lasted less five minutes, and then started for here. As far as they could hear anything, they heard firing in the town supposed to be the rebels murdering the soldier and citizens. The officer at Lamar, in the night, last night received a dispatch from the commanding officer at Newtonia, Mo., 80 miles from here, that tat that place they had fought Marmaduke and 500 men all day yesterday, and asking help. In five minutes two companies will be on the road from here to see about the matter. I will keep you advised.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN.

FORT SCOTT, May 20, 1864.

I neglected to add to my formed dispatch I do not believe it is Marmaduke who is at Newtonia, but if it is the 500 men are only his advance, as he is not likely to move with less than 5,000 or 6,000.

CHAS. W. BLAIR.

General McKEAN.

FORT SCOTT, May 21, 1864.

It was Adair that attacked Lamar, and after they got clear into the town, the militia rallied and drove them out at 10.30. My troops and the militia are still in pursuit south of that place. Nothing further heard from Newtonia.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, &amp;c.

General McKEAN.

