
MAY 21, 1864.-Affair on the Blue River, Mo.

Report of Captain Thomas Moses, jr., Second Colorado Cavalry.

SNIBAR STATION, MO., May 21, 1864-10 p. m.

LIEUTENANT: The escort to the than that I sent to Kansas City with prisoners, Hopkins, was attacked by guerrillas about one-half mile east of crossing of Blue River, killing 1 private, Anton Voght, and wounding 1 corporal, john Sowell, and there as 1 private, Austin Martin Means, missing. There were 9 of the escort, but the sergeant in command cannot tell how many bushwhackers there were, but thinks 30 or 35. They were attacked from every point. The escort returned the fire, but saw it was impossible for them to be victorious, as the bushwhackers were inthe brush and firing not over 20 yards. The man that was killed fell at the first fire; also the corporal that was wounded, the sergeant helping him on his horse, and while doing so he says there were 20 shots hired at him. He them fell back toward the Blue with his party, except the advance guard, which was cut off from the main party entirely. Only 2 men were in the advance, Corporal Sowell and Austin Means. As they were surrounded entirely they both dismounted and went to the brush, being pursued by the enemy. The corporal has just arrived at camp and reports that after he got into the brush 3 men were in pursuit of him, one a very large man, short, thick-set, and he is satisfied is the same man that was rounded at the Hopkins place on the morning of the 18th instant, which I am satisfied is old man Hopkins. After getting close up to him this man Hopkins said, "Oh, you son of a bitch, I have got you," whereupon the corporal fired and he fell from his horse. The corporal then saw 5 or 6 more coming toward him from an opposite direction, and after firing all his shots left. He ran into a thicket and escaped. He did not see Private Means afterward, but thinks that he escaped.

The Hopkins are noted bushwhackers, and they have had their families driven out of the country twice before. They killed 5 mules in the team and wounded the others, set the wagon on fire, but only destroyed the bed. The man had to depend upon their pistols, the carbines missing fire. I have 18 men out to-night; have sent a dispatch to Pleasant. I think by what I can learn that the guerrillas divided up in small squadron soon after the fight. They went across the prairie toward the river and down the Blue.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Station.

Lieutenant Edward l. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City.

MAY 22, 1864.-Capture and recapture of the Stingaree, off Brazos, Tex.

Report of Colonel J. Batles, Thirteenth Texas Infantry, commanding Second Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT,Camp Barnard E. Bee., May 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following special report: Yesterday morning the blockader at the mouth of the Brazos gave

