
case to a schooner which appeared in the offing southwest of Velasco. After passing out of sight, the schooner, which proved to be the Stingaree, McCloskey, master, was captured and placed in charged of a prize, consisting of an ensign and 6 men, captain McCloskey and his crew remaining as prisoners on board the schooner. The steamer then sailed back toward her anchorage,the schooner following in her wake. Captain McClosky then produced some liquor, and in a short time succeeded in getting the prize crew drunk; and at the proper moment, with the aid of his crew, secured their arms, made prisoners of the prize crew, and resumed command of his vessel.

Captain McCloskey continued in the wake of the steamer until within about 4 miles of Velasco, when he changed his course and hade all sail for the beach. The steamer immediately gave chase firing several shots without effect. The schooner succeeded in beaching about 2 miles from Velasco, west. In the mean time Lieutenant-Colonel Cayce, commanding post, Valasco, seeing the movements of the schooner, sent to her assistant one company of cavalry and 25 infantry.

During the contest on board the schooner two of the prize crew escaped in a small boat. Captain McCloskey reports the 2 men who escaped as being wounded or killed. He also reports having lost 1 of his crew overboard. The result of all is that Captain McCloskey, after having been captured by a Federal gun-boat and placed under charge of a prize crew, succeeded in recapturing his vessel and bringing her safety to shore, with 5 out of the 7 Yankess who, with arms their hands placed as a guard over him. I canon close this report without testifying my height appreciation of the bold and patriotic heroism of Captain McCloskey and his crew in this affair. Such devotion to the interest which he represents and to honor of his country should not go unrewarded.

J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding, Sub-District.

Captain L. G. ALDRICH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 22, 1864.-Affair near Devall's Bluff, Ark.

report of Lieutenant Colonel Ezra M. Beardsley, One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry.

MAY 22, 1864-p. m.

About 20 rebels surprised and captured 3 men and between 100 and 200 horses and mules on the prairie, foraging, belonging to the Remount Camp. I have sent 75 cavalry from the Ninth Iowa in pursuit. They went toward Des Arc.

E. M. BEARDSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

General E. A. CARR,

Commanding District.

