
last evening, finding no trace of guerrillas on Black Water. As you directed a company to be sent to Kingsville Captain Wycksoff marched for that point last night and is now at that point. Company M is at Holden.

The descent of the guerrillas upon Captain Taggart's neighborhood was sudden, and in such force that he was unable to get his company together, each man saving himself by hiding in the brush. At Hopewell I sent messengers to Captain Eads' forage train, and they came into Holden immediately after we arrived there. I cannot say for a certainty how many guerrillas were in the vicinity of Holden, but am satisfied that there were more than 100, from report counts by different persons. The instructions forwarded in relation to the scout beginning on the 27th have sent to major Mullins and Captain Burris, in the western part of La Fayette Country.

In ordered to complete my monthly inspection it will be necessary to visit Companies B, E, and K in Henry. i except to start there, and day or two. There should be another company of troops here, and I am inclined to bring Company E, leaving Companies B and K in the field in the western part of Henry. i think this company can better be spared than any other from present locations. A company from some other regiment would be better, as all of my regiment now in the field should be kept there.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First cav., M. S. M., Commanding Third Sub-District.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN.

MAY 24-JUNE 4, 1864.-Greene's operations on the west bank of the Mississippi River.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

May 25, 1864.-Eleventh with U. S. steamer Curlew.

25, 30, 1864.-Capture of steamers Lebanon and 			Clara Eames.

June 1, 1864.-Eleventh with U. S. streamer 				Exchange.

2, 1864.-Engagement with U. S. steamers Adams 	and Monarch.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.-Major General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Greene, Third Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.

Numbers 3.-Abstract from record of Events on return of the Military Division of West Mississippi.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John S. Marmaduke, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,In the Field, June 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I inclose herewith a report of the operations of Marmadulke's brigade, of my division, up to date: + This brigade, with

---------------

* For reports of Lieutenant Commander Elias K. Owen, Acting Master James C. Gipson, and acting H. B. O'Neil, see Annual report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

+ For Greene's report of operations, June 5-9, see p. 984.

---------------

