
Pratt's battery my escort, constitute the whole force in this section of the country my orders. The service rendered by Cabell's brigade, commanded by Colonel Monroe, which was a few days under my orders, are report in Colonel Greene's report. On nearing the Mississippi River I found the country filled with independent squads, deserters, skulkers fleeing from conscription, and speculators (detestable animals in any country); the people much demoralized, and large engaged in contraband trade. By vigor our measures I have nearly rid the country of the lawless bands which infested it; have supposed all improper trading with the enemy, and have established good order and feeling among the people. My troops have behaved well, and the best of good feeling exist between the citizens and soldier. The navigation of the Mississippi River has been seriously obstructed, and both by land and wetter the enemy have received no little damage. My loss trifling.

In the battle of Lake Chicot the officers and men behaved admirably and deserve the highest praise. I desire specially to my staff: Major C. C. Rainwater, chief of ordnance and artillery, who was seriously wounded; Captain William M, Aide-de-camp; Captain John C. Morre, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Mahoon,

topographical engineer, who had their horses shot under them. These officers I specially assigned to work my artillery at various points, and rendered most valuable service. Captain Pratt and his excellent company deserve particular mention. My escort, under Lieutenant John H. Levis did admirable fighting. For the details of the operations on the Mississippi River see Colonel Greene's reports. Colonel G[reene] deserves much praise for the energy an skill with which he has handled his brigade. My engineer company, under Captain Hog Hogane, has been particularly useful and efficient.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

captain THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General Northern Sub-District of Arkansas.

Mo. 2.

Reports of Colonel Colton Greene, Third Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,Yellow Bend, on Mississippi River,

At Adair's, 10 miles above Gaines' Landing, May 26, 1864.

MAJOR: I made my bivouac at sent yesterday on the bank of the river and placed my guns in position. No boats made their appearance until 10 p. m., when gun-boats passed up. At 10 o'clock I learned that a yawl could be got on Island Numbers 78, which determined me to shape my plans for boarding. Everything was arranged, but it was impossible to get the boat out 9 o'clock this morning. A transport lay near the other bank, which was my abject. It has since changed position, but I have strong hopes that I will find its whereabouts. Having this end in view I desisted from attacking passing boats to-day. Two large transports, convoyed by the largest iron-clad on the river, and another gun-boat went down to-day. Both of the transports were heavily loaded and had 40 or 50.

