
troops on board. I am satisfied the enemy is ignorant of my whereabouts. I made a feint at Gaines' landing and near Columbia which caused the enemy to assemble two fleets at those places, and then I moved up Clay Bayou and struck the river above, crossing Boggy Bayou. Four guns-boats (one the iron-cald Carondelet) shelled the landing for five hours. They were similarly engaged near Columbia.

i have intelligence of the damage done to the enemy on the 24th. The first gun-boats I attacked was so disabled as to require the help of a tow-boat. She got to in her cabins. My second attack on the transports riddled them and caused them to be burned. In the fourth attacked the marine-boat Diana was seriously hurt, and some damage done to the mosquito gun-boat. In the third attack the large new transport (name forgotten) was so much injured that she filled and careened over and was hauled to the east bank. In the fifth and last fight the gun-boat Romeo, Numbers 3, was as roughly handled as the first. She was struck fifteen times. Quite an alarm extended to the upper river, and the enemy has assembled a formidable fleet, among which are the monitors Carondelet and Benton.

It will be impracticable to cross Cypress without a brigade, nor is it eligible. The lines of retreat about Gaines' Landing are not as good as below that point, the Mason being full and without bridges or boats. There is but one practicable speedy outlet. It is my opinion that the point of rendezvous should be at or near Lake Village, where I am informed corn can be obtained; at least there is more on the Mason than here, where there is hardly any. From that position I could operate down to Lakeport Landing and up to Gaines' Landing safety and rapidly. I would respectfully suggest that a party be sent at once to the vicinity named to ascertain what forage can be obtained.

Pratt's battery has only three rounds of solid shot left to the gun. It is therefore impracticable for me to engage gun-boats. Shell without fuse can be used against transports.

I have seen the New Orleans Times of the 21st, containing accounts from Southern sources. They are more rumor than reliable intelligence. I do not attach importance to the. They are to the effect that Lee had defeated Grant with immense slaughter and driven him across the Rapidan; that ten gun-boats were captured on the James River. The date is Mobile, May 15.

There is no doubt that Butler was badly whipped near Fort Darling and lost all of his guns and many field pieces. Beauregard and Lee have been re-enforced. This I learn from papers of the 20th and 23rd. The Chicago Tribune estimates Lee's loss at 35,000 and Grant's 40,000. Lee occupies a strong position in front of Spotsylvania Court-House and is entrenched. Some heavy skirmishing has taken place, Lee assuming the offensive. The latest Northern date from the field is of the 19th. Lieutenant Jenkins, of Wood's battalion, crossed the river last night. He say it was reported at Grenada that Johnston had defeated Sherman and captured 10,000 prisoners at Resaca.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. Ewing,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

