
P. S.-The main fleet passed down the river toward Lakeport landing yesterday at 11 o'clock. My scouts extend from Napoleon to Sunnyside. There are 1,000 Federals on the island near napoleon. No boats are running in the Arkansas. Maximilian and the Empress sailed for Vera Cruz on April 19.

C. G.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE BRIGADE,In Camp, May 30, 1864-12.10 p. m.

MAJOR: Your Numbers 257 is at hand. I have just gotten in from the river. I do not think it advisable to detach the two regiments named until the fleet with the troops shall heave passed. My scouting and picketing are very heavy. In Burbridge's, Jeffers', and Kitchen's regiments to-day, at what seemed to be a critical moment, there were not present 275 men. This support too light. It would, in my opinion, be indiscreet to engage the transport referred to above without a heavy support. The resistance we will make to them will perhaps force them to land troops-a think practicable to them and quite dangerous to us. A glance at the map will satify you. I think I am informed of the purposes for which these regiments are to be used, and right in my conjecture, the proper time for the expedition would be when the convoy goes up with the transports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,Smith's Plantation, 4 1\2 Miles above Sunnyside, May 30, 1864.

MAJOR: In my last I report that we attacked a transport yesterday afternoon. She was more disabled than I had supposed, and was towed off by a gun-boat. This morning at daylight I attacked a transport (Clara Eames), cut her escape-pipe, penetrated her boilers, putting in 17 shots in all. She surrendered and came to shore. He cargo was cotton. All the light articles were removed from her-everything of value. I then made arrangement to signal a coming boat a view of capturing her. This craft proper to be a gun[boat], which I engaged, and burned the transport. I sent you 13 or 15 prisoners; an officer will report the exact number, &amp;c. I am still engaging a gun-boat. Four others have just appeared in sight. I shall amuse them and then move rapidly to Columbia, 3 1\2 miles above. By this movement I will concentrate the enemy's fleet at this point, which is 18 miles by water to Columbia.

I learn from the captain of the boat-a person whom I have long known and who is reliable-that Smith's division is at Vicksburg, where a large fleet of transports was assembled. It was not known when the troops would come up.

