
Numbers 6. Report of Major Lyman W. Brown, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ELEVENTH CAV., MISSOURI VOLS.,Springfield, Mo., January 30, 1864.

GENERAL: The major-commanding detachment Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers has the honor to report that, in obedience of orders issued by the general commanding District Southwest Missouri, bearing date 21st of January, 1864, Orderly Sergt. Isaac T. Jones, Company B, and 24 men of the Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, were detailed and ordered without delay to carry dispatches to W. C. Human, captain commanding First Battalion, Eighth Missouri Militia, in the field in North Arkansas, with directions to proceed by Ozark, Mo.; then procure a guide, and proceed in a southeasterly direction to the command of Captain Human. The detachment on the 23rd day of January, 1864, about 12m., while marching on the route on Rolling Praire in Marion County, Ark., wa suddenly attacked and charged upon by about 60 rebels or bushwhackers, when a fight ensued, which resulted in the defeat of Sergeant Jones and his command. At the time of the fight several detachments of rebels or bushwhackers, under the command of Captains Green, Hotl, and Patten, were in the immediate vicinity, numbering about 300 men. Seven men, including Sergeant Jones, were killed on the found, and 5 others were taken prisoners,who, it is supposed, were afterward shot in cold blood. The balance of the detachment escaped, and have safely arrived in camp.*

The major commanding begs leave to say that Sergeant Jones was a brave officer, and that from reliable information the whole

of said detachment was engaged, and did their duty faithfully and nobly and fought bravely. Several of the rebels were killed in the charge. Owing to the overwhelming numbers of the the enemy the sergeant and his command tried to escape and avoid a conflict, but were unable to do so. The dispatches fell into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. BROWN,

Major, Commanding Detachment Eleventh Cavalry, Mo. Vols.

Brigadier-General SANBORN.

Numbers 7. Abstract from Record of Events on returns of the District of Southwest Missouri, for January and February, 1864.

January 16.-Captain Samuel E. Turner and 92 men, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, left Springfield with dispatches for the commanding officer at Batesville, Ark., and on return was joined by a detachment of the First Nebraska Cavalry. Came in contact with the enemy in Izard County, Ark.; routed him completely killing 22, capturing 57 prisoners, about 100 horses, 3 wagons, 100 stand of arms, &amp;c. Report since forwarded to department headquarters, Captain W. C. Human, in command of First Battalion, Eighth Cavalry.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 12 killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

