
I regret again to inform you that the artillery ammunition is nearly exhausted. There are only 12 rifle shell, 6 solid smooth-bore and 30 shell for howitzers. Of course it is impossible for me to do anything unless I am supplied at once.

Great credit is due to Captain Pratt for the skillful management of his battery.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

There were 3 killed and 1 wounded on the boat.

C. G.

AT SMITH'S PLANTATION,

Four and a half miles above Sunnyside, May 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have made a reconnaissance below Lakeport Landing. The river is wide; no good position for artillery and no protection for horses. Sunnyside is not good. I am now at Smith's plantation, where there is plenty of corn. It is 3 1\2 miles below Columbia. I can attack the enemy here and at the last-named place successively. I egged a transport an hour ago, doing some damage. Three marine-boats gave sings of battle and then backed out. They have gone to Columbia. I am watching them. I am informed by a person late from Vicksburg that a fleet of transports bearing troops had left that place for Cairo this morning. I look for it to-night. These troops go to discharged, some to re-enlist. There is no doubt six transports with troops went up yesterday. They were of the same character as those expected. I send late papers.

Very respectfully,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

P. S.-Colonel Lawter is instructed concerning pickets, &c. I am well guarded. There is a line of couriers posted at Lake Village, camp Worthington, near Sunnyside. I shall put one at Columbia if I go up to-night, or above.

Very respectfully,

COLTON GREENE.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,

MAJOR: I beg respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade on the Mississippi River between the 23rd ultimo and 2nd instant: On the 23rd ultimo I marched from Leatherman;'s on Bayou Mason, with Greene's regiment, commanded by Captain Crabtee, and Pratt's battery, at sunset, and bivouacked at campbell's, near Gaines' Landing. At daylight of the 24th, I put the battery in position immediately on the bank of the river and

