
I stripped her of everything valuable, and two marine-boats coming in sight burned her to the water's edge. I brought of 15 prisoners and 7 negroes.

I at once engaged the marine-boats, and after a short action drove them back to their station on the east bank of the river. An hour after I fired into a transport, doing her little damage for want of proper ammunition. An iron-clad now came up and shelled my position for some time. I did not reply with my guns, but forced her to long range with sharpshooters. On the same night I returned to camp.

Ont he 31st, a detachment of Cabell's Brigade, with Hughey's four gun battery, commanded by Colonel Monroe, was ordered by you to report to me. During the night of the 31st, I posted Lawther's regiment at Smith's plantation with instructions to fire into the enemy, while I moved with Monroe's command, Greene's regiment, and Pratt's battery to Columbia. Monroe supported the batteries. Greene's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, covered the approach at Luna.

early on the 1st instant I attacked the gun-boat Exchange. The action was short. She was badly disabled in her hull and billers, and with difficulty got to the east bank above out of range, where she lay crippled until towed off. No other boats appeared in the river that day. Lawther successfully amused two gun-boats below, which anchored off and shelled him all day. At daylight June 2, I engaged the marine-boat Adams, one gun-boat, and a transport. They made no fight of consequence; were often struck, but passed on. Soon after the iron-clad Benton, or Louisville [the Monarch], a formidable-looking craft, hove in sight lashed broadside to a large transport. I posted sharpshooters ont he bank and at once opened fire on the transport. The iron-clad fired but two shells when she was to close her ports by reason of the heavy fire of the sharpshooters. She cut loose front he transport, fell back a mile, and shelled us with 64-pounder rifles, doing no damage. The transport was badly hurt. Again the marine-boat Adams, two gun-boats, and one transport appeared. they were engaged, but cautiously kept on the other bank, showing no inclination to fight. they were struck often. I now returned to camp. On the 3rd and 4th no boats appeared. The river was blockaded.

In these actions I engaged 21 boats of all descriptions, of which 5 gun-boats and marine-boats were disabled, 5 transports badly damaged, 1 sunk, 2 burned, and 2 captured. My loss was 1 subaltern and 5 privates slightly wounded. No guns or horses were hit. Captain Pratt, commanding battery, deserves especial mention for his uniform skill, coolness, and courage. Captain Hughey was particularly successful int he action with the gun-boat Exchange. the support to the batteries behaved with their accustomed bravery. The gallantry and enterprise of Captain John W. Jacobs, Company F, Fourth Regiment, cannot be too highly praised. This officer has on all occasions exhibited marked ability and distinguished courage.

These operations have demonstrated the practicability of blockading or seriously interrupting the navigation of the Mississippi River with field artillery. I venture the opinion that with 18 and 24 pounder rifles no boat could safely pass a battery, except an iron-clad. In every instance except one my guns were without protection; were run right up to the edge of the bank. The effect of the

