
enemy's fire is shown in the damage done me. That serious injury has been inflicted upon him is evident from the fact that after the first day's fighting few or no boats passed without convoys-now none, except the fleet under Major-General Smith.

Very respectfully,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Abstract from Record of Events on return of the Military Division of West Mississippi for June, 1864.

June 2.- Steamer Adams and ran Monarch convoyed transport Missouri from Greenville, Miss., to Gaines' Landing; passed rebel battery of six guns at Columbia, Ark., and returned with transport Henry Ames, downward bound; passed same battery. the transport, being lashed outside the Adams, received no injury, while she was struck by shot and shell twenty-eight times, and had 3 men killed and 1 mortally wounded.

MAY 26, 1864.- Affair on Lane's Prairie, Maries County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant George B. Davidson, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY K, SECOND WISCONSIN CAV. VOLS.,Rolla, Mo., May 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 27th instant I was ordered to proceed in command of a scout of 30 men, belonging to the First Battalion, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, in search of Sergt. Legrand Carter and 4 men of this command, who were sent out by the provost-marshal District of Rolla, Mo., on the 26th instant, and who were supposed to have been taken prisoners. I left camp at 9 a. m. and proceeded in a northwest direction some 20 miles, until I struck the Waynesville and Vienna road, near the house of Mr. Bull, on Maries Creek. I then learned from citizens then assembled that the sergeant, together with his 4 men, were all lying about a mile from that place in the woods, having been shot and left there by some party, supposed to be bushwhackers, on the evening of the 26th instant. I took the statements of some citizens who seem to know but little of anything about who the perpetrators of the deed were or the circumstances. I, however, learned from a colored woman that she saw our men about sundown int he road near Mr. Bull's, and saw a party of men dressed in Federal uniform, numbering about 15, meet them, and heard each party tell the other to halt. She said some lud talk then took place, when the smaller party, together with the large party, went up into the woods together; in short time she heard firing. A lady who afterward saw the same party, and met them in the road going in the direction of

