
Waynesville, said they told her they were soldiers from Jefferson City, and made inquiries if she had seen any bushwhackers around in that section. I found the bodies near each other, with signs of a desperate struggle for life by the unarmed men, and the sergeant was stripped of his pants and boots, and had an old pair of worn-out shoes on his feet. After sending the bodies to camp I thoroughly scouted the country from the point on Maries Creek, where the bodies were found, to the Gasconade River, and on and around Matthews' Prairie, but hearing nothing sufficient to warrant my longer delay, and having been informed that a scout was out from Waynesville, in which direction the best information led me to believe the party had gone, I returned to camp ont he 28th instant. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DAVIDSON,

Second Lieutenant Co. K, Second Wisconsin Cav. Vols.

[Major MYRON W. WOOD,

First Battalion.]

MAY 27, 1864.- Skirmish near Shanghai, Mo.

Report of Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., May 27, 1864.

GENERAL: Captain Moore and company are with Captain Burris at Walton's farm, 7 miles north of Chapel Hill. Four companies of the Seventh have just arrived under Captain Foster; Company C of my regiment has also just arrived. The citizen guards and bushwhackers had a skirmish this evening near Shanghai. The most of the citizen guards were absent at the time. The bushwhackers captured the place, and it is reported burned it. I march to-night to surround their camp with such forces as can be spared from this place.

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[General E. B. BROWN.]

MAY 28, 1864.- Destruction of Lamar, Mo.

Report of Mr. Nathan Bray.

MOUNT VERNON, MO., May 30, 1864.

RESPECTED SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the town of Lamar is in ashes. The bushwhackers under Taylor, Marchbanks &amp; Co. entered the town at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 28th instant and burnt nearly every house in the place, together with most of the household goods, &c. All the books and records of the county were again burnt. The women and children were sitting outdoors trying to take care of what they saved until help could be sent. I tried to get some assistance at Carthage, but Captain Walker could spare no men, so I came here, but find the colonel absent. I do not know what the loyal citizens of that place have done that has sub-

