
jected them to such treatment from the military. We were promised better things; but alas, again we find ourselves the victims of mistaken confidence. I care not for the amount of property destroyed; the great damage done is that the county cannot again be organized in two years. The people will be compelled to go to Kansas or elsewhere where they can have the protection that loyal citizens deserve. I am happy to hear that you condemned the moving of the troops from the town. I hope, general, you will see this matter investigated.

Hoping to hear from you soon, I am, general, with high regard, your obedient servant,

NATHAN BRAY.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District Southwest Missouri.

MAY 28, 1864.- Attack on Pest-House, opposite Port Hudson, La.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., May 29, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday afternoon (28th instant) a small force or rebels attacked and plundered the pest-house of this post, situated on the right bank of the river. They destroyed the medicines, seized the other hospital stores, and took prisoner the attending physician, Assistant Surgeon Mason, sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery. I succeed last night in transporting the sick to this side of the river, and have also saved a portion of the stores and other property. The telegraph wire and poles were also destroyed last night for a mile or more between here and Baton Rouge, it is thought by the same party. I have sent a detachment to make repairs. A force of some strength is reported to be opposite here, about 2 miles from the river. I have also to report that a detachment of the Third Maryland Cavalry reported from the right bank this morning that they were ordered at Morganza to repair the telegraph line between here and that place, and that they are unable to return, having found a superior detachment of rebel cavalry obstructing the way. It is also reported by the steamer Grey Eagle that General Taylor is on this side of the Atchafalaya River in force.

A reconnoitering party sent out by me last night report a considerable number of rebel pickets about 5 miles out on the Jackson road. Shots were exchanged between the several parties. I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of a report made by Brigadier-General Sherman to Major-General Reynolds, and of a letter of Major-General Reynolds to me.* I have acted upon the suggestion as to the removal of timber, sand-bags, &amp;c., from the old line of works. I respectfully refer to the suggestion as to sending here four heavy guns and seven carriages.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf.

---------------

*Inclosures not found.

---------------

