
MAY 29, 1864.- Skirmish on Bayou Fordoche Road, La.

Report of Colonel Morgan H. Chrysler, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, commanding brigade.

MORGANZA, LA., May 29, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I send you the inclosed dispatch, in which it will be seen that Colonel Chrysler reports the enemy had cross ed and are crossing in considerable force at Morgan's Ferry and points below. I send out all my cavalry and all the infantry I can spare to support it, to hold him in check, and, if possible, to stop the crossing at Morgan's Ferry. We have yet an immense quantity of Government property here which has to be guarded.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FOURTH CAV. Brigadier, 19TH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., May 29, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I moved my brigade at a little before sunrise of this date. I came upon the advance of the enemy about 5 miles from this place on the Bayou Fordoche road, driving them back until I uncovered the Morgan's Ferry road. I think the force in my immediate front about 300 men, but as it retired it increased in numbers so that it required one-half of my force on the skirmish line. I learned that the enemy had been crossing their mounted infantry for two days, and the force was variously estimated at from 3,000 to 7,000 mounted infantry, two pieces of artillery, one apparently a heavy gun swung under a cotton carriage. I also learned that the infantry were crossing at Bayour Grossetete and that their destination was La Fourche. After satisfying myself that the enemy had a force outnumbering me three to my one, and having become satisfied that they were crossing their cavalry force at Morgan's Ferry, I withdrew my command, the enemy following closely for 3 miles. I do not know of but 2 men wounded in my command. We killed 3 of the enemy's horses, and their

loss was probably quite severe, as the skirmish line at times was not 200 yards apart. My command arrived in camp at 2.15 p. m.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel E. J. DAVIS,

Commanding Cavalry Forces, 19th Army Corps.

MAY 29, 1864.- Capture of Wagon train at Salem, Ark.

Report of Major James Rainsford, Assistant Adjutant-General, Missouri State Militia.

ROLLA, MO., May 30, 1864.

MAJOR: A command of about 70 men, under Captain Crocker, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, left here yesterday for West Plains to escort a train of Union refugees from Jacksonport, Ark. This even-

