
ing a party of his men, about 5, were sent in by him with the intelligence that the train was attacked at Salem, Ark., by 300 guerrillas. The entire train was burnt and about 80 men and some women killed. They were sent from Jacksonport by Colonel Livingston, with 200 or the First Nebraska as escort, but the escort was called back, and thus left unprotected a force of about 150 men. Start to-morrow with a train; this, with Captain Crocker's command, will make over 200 men. It will leave this place very scant of troops, and it is highly necessary that additional troops should be sent up here. These refugees have lost everything, and if not assisted must starve. I have consulted with Colonel Sigel, and this is the conclusion we have come to. The command starts at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

J. RAINSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major O. D. GREENE.

MAY 30-31, 1864.- Skirmishes on Mill and Honey Creeks, Mo.

Report of Captain John R. Kelso, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEOSHO, MO., June 2, 1864.

SIR: On the 29th of May, 1864, by your order, I took command of 30 men, composed of detachments of companies H, L, and M, of the Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and, accompanied by Lieutenant Hunter, marched in the direction of Huff's Mill, in Arkansas. As we proceeded down Indian Creek, we learned that 2 bushwhackers had passed down a few hours in advance, robbing several poor families as they went. We followed their trail till night, then ambuscaded the road and rested till 2 o'clock in the morning. We then proceeded through Rutledge, and having learned that several bushwhacker besides those we were trailing had passed up Mill Creek, we found their trail and followed it. We arrived at last at the house of a bushwhacker by the name of Waitman. We there

discovered a considerable quantity of provisions and some Federal clothing. Believing that this was a bushwhacker rendezvous, I sent Lieutenant Hunter with the main body of my command with instructions to move slowly up the valley, while I with the remainder searched the thickets and ravines on our flanks. The keen cracks of rifles and revolvers soon rang out on both sides of me, accompanied by the hearty yells of my brave boys. The fight soon over, I found my boys all unhurt, and 2 bushwhackers dead on the ground. I presented the horses of the dead bushwhackers to the brave lads who had killed them and they proceeded over the hills to Butler's Creek. We found a hidden tankard, which we destroyed. We reached Butler's Creek in the evening, ambuscaded the road and rested till 2 o'clock of the 31st, when we proceeded in a southwesterly direction in order to strike Honey Creek, where we learned a dancing party was going on, attended by the Notorious thief, Lieutenant McGee, and 7 of his men. As we proceeded, however, we were discovered; signal guns were fired by the bushwhackers on the hills, and we accomplished nothing more than the capture of a few good quilts and blankets left in their deserted camps. I burned the houses, or rather hovels, where they harbored, and proceeded to the party. We arrived too late to dance any ourselves, but we made Lieutenant

