
McGee and his men dance in the following manner: As we were at the house consulting we discovered a man, whom we supposed to be McGeen himself, approaching us; when he discovered us he "got up and dusted," followed by Lieutenant Hunter and several other boys, all of whom, however, were distanced in the race and came back, except Lieutenant Hunter and 3 others. They followed until they were a full mile from the command, when they ran upon McGee's whole party (7 besides himself), charged them like madmen, killed 2 on the spot, wounded another, and chased the balance more than a mile. They then gathered up as many horses as they could and came back, expressing themselves highly pleased with their "fun."

I immediately presented the captured horses and arms to these noble boys, and while our horses were grazing I took one man, and having laid aside our coats and made ourselves look as much like bushwhackers as possible, we ran to a rebel house half a mile distant and rushing in covered with sweat hastily informed the lady that 200 Federals had broken in upon us and killed 2 of our men, and that Lieutenant McGee had sent us to get every horse that would do to ride; she soon furnished us with 3 horses belonging to McGee's party, which we gladly received and went on our way rejoicing. Being now encumbered with a number of led horses and having obtained the information for which you sent me out, I marched for camp, arriving on the evening of the 1st of June, 1864.

In conclusion I will say that I am proud to command such men as formed my detachment on this occasion. Lieutenant Hunter, of Company H, is an officer after my own heart. Every man also did his duty well. Hunger, fatigue, loss of sleep, every privation was borne without one word of complaint. With such officers and men under my command, I fell sure of success in almost any enterprise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KELSO,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Captain H. D. MOORE,

Commanding Post.

MAY 30-JUNE 5, 1864.- Expedition from Morganza to the Atchafalaya, La., and skirmishes near Livionia and Morganza.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, &amp;c.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army, commanding division, &c.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Edmund J. Davis, First Texas Cavalry (Union), commanding Cavalry Forces.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, &c.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., June 1, 1864.

MAJOR: On the 29th, I learned that the enemy were crossing the Atchafalaya. I immediately sent out 6,000 infantry under General

