
Lawler, and 2,000 cavalry under Colonel Davis, to attack and disperse the enemy, and, if possible, break up his means of crossing the river. I also requested a naval officer here to send two gun-boats into the Atchafalaya if he deemed it prudent to do so. We have encountered and effectually dispersed that part of the enemy who succeeded in crossing to this side the Atchafalay, and have, I am glad to say, captured a considerable quantity of commissary stores and clothing. To-day I am going to make the attempt to burn the saw-mills on the Atchafalaya and destroy their flat-boats and other means of crossing. The scouts and deserters report the enemy scattered along the Red River, the Bayou Yellow, and the Atchafalaya, and making preparations to cross the latter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., June 5, 1864.

MAJOR: The infantry came in the day before yesterday, and the cavalry have this moment come in. I sent you a report of what passed up to the 3rd of June. After dispersing the small force in front and driving them into the canebrake and across the Atchafalaya, I directed the cavalry to make a raid down the Grossetete, and after passing Rosedale to sweep to their left, and return by the river.

A small camp of the enemy, being a part of Colonel Madison's Texas regiment, between the Bayour Sierra and the Bayour Poydras, was surprised yesterday by a detachment under Colonel Crebs. We killed and wounded some 20 or 30, and captured 10 of the enemy and some dispatches; one dispatch addressed to Major-General Wharton, calling on him for immediate assistance; another headed "News by steamer Grey Eagle," containing a parcel of lies intended to give aid and comfort to the enemy, seriously implicating the clerks on board that boat. I recommend they and their books be detained until the handwriting can be identified. The dispatch from the Grey Eagle is not signed.

The enemy on this side of the Atchafalaya are dispersed and driven into the canebrake. Our cavalry represent them as being uncommonly well mounted. From the prisoners and from other sources I learn this much of the enemy: Only Madison's regiment of Wharton's division Texas cavalry had succeeded in crossing the Atchafalaya when I attacked them; that Polignac's force is still at Yellow Bayou, and the Texas cavalry, one or two divisions (not known) are scattered from there along the line of the Atchafalaya to a point below Morgan's Ferry-on the other side, of course. All the saw-mills except the one destroyed by us are in full activity, and they boast that they are making boats to cross as soon as the river falls.

Major Pollock, an intelligent officer of the engineers, who escaped from Cheneyville on Monday last, and arrived here this morning, says that General Walker, with two divisions returned from Price's

