
Missouri State Militia, in the field in Northern Arkansas the greater portion of month, yet in the field operating against the enemy, having frequent skirmishes.

Captain G. W. Murphy, with detachments Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and Battery L, First Missouri Light Artillery, with two pieces of artillery, 200 men in all, marched from Springfield to Cassville, Mo., on December 30 ultimo; ordered from thence to Berryville, Ark., to operate against the enemy then in that section yet the field. Companies G and H, Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, changed station from Carthage, Mo., to Springfield since last return. The district has been very quiet during the month, especially that portion in Missouri. Northern Arkansas has been disturbed by commands under Colonels Love, Freeman, and Hughes, crossing White River, at points remote from posts occupied by Federal troops. A force of over 1,000 has made its way as far north as Search County, Ark., but has been routed and broken up, the falling back in small squads. Many have been killed and numbers deserting, coming within our lines and giving themselves up, declaring themselves heartily tired of the rebellion.

February 12.-Major L. W. Brown, commanding battalion Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, marched from Springfield for Salem, Arks., vias Rolla, Mo.

February 14.- Lieutenant Colonel John E. Phelps, commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry, returned to Casville, Mo. from Northern Arkansas. Mounted force of the Second Arkansas Cavalry in the field in Northern Arkansas.

February 16.-Brigadier General C. B. Holland, Enrolled Missouri Militia, returned to Springfield from Northern Arkansas with detachments of the Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and Battery L, First Missouri Light Artillery. Captain W. C. Human, commanding First Battalion, Eighth Cavalry, Missouri Militia, in the field in Northern Arkansas Since last return; seven companies of the Sixth and Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia in Northern Arkansas. Detachment of Battery L, First Missouri Light Artillery, ordered to Rolla, Mo., from Department headquarters.

JANUARY 17-19, 1864.- Scouts from Brownsville, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Harrison A. Gleim, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Brownsville, Ark. January 19, 1864.

SIR: The party sent to Search has just returned. Colonel Black, with his command will leave for Little Rock this morning. An expedition of the Third Missouri Cavalry, under Lieutenant Hyatt, mortally wounded and captured the guerrilla Captain Jim Poe and killed his lieutenant, named Garrison; scattered the band of 18 men. McRae is still that region, but goes about alone. Witt is west of Search, and is said to have 200 or 300 men, partly armed.

HARRISON A. GLEIM,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Division.

