
Morgan's Ferry roads and to attack and beat the enemy should they be found there. The cavalry advance, under Colonel Chrysler, occupied the junction of the roads at 7 a. m., and it was definitely ascertained that there was no enemy in force in that vicinity, and that only some 300 or 400 of them had been there, and those on the approach of our troops retreated down the road toward Livonia. My infantry arrived at the junction at 9 a. m., and placing them in position along Bayour Fordoche, I directed Colonel Davis to send forward a brigade of his cavalry to reconnoiter on the Morgan's Ferry road. Chrysler's brigade was dispatched and returned at 4 p. m. No enemy were found this side the river. The colonel reported a saw-mill in active operation ont he opposite side from where the road first strikes the river, and discovered 3 miles farther up at the ferry five flats, each capable of carrying from 8 to 10 men and horses, moored to the west bank. No difficulty was experienced by the colonel in going to the ferry, but in returning a small force of the enemy opened upon him from behind the levee on the opposite shore. As it was a running fire, however, no damage was done our men. Satisfied that there was no considerable hostile force this side of the Atchafalaya, I determined to return to Morganza by way of Livonia and the False River road, clearing the country thoroughly before, me. Accordingly, my command moved from the junction at 4 p. m., Crebs' brigade of cavalry having the advance and Chrysler's the rear. At Fordoche bridge the enemy were found apparently in position, and threw three or four shells at our cavalry skirmishers. A section of Norris' battery opened and soon silenced their gun. An advance of the cavalry immediately afterward put them to flight, behind on the field, dead, Lieutenant Leavy, of Madison's (Texas) regiment, and 3 enlisted men, besides several wounded. No further resistance was made to our advance, and we arrived and went into camp near Livonia at 9 p. m. While on the march a small squad of the enemy, taking advantage of the darkness of the night, concealed themselves in the brush across Bayou Fordoche and fired into General McGinnis' command, killing Captain Paul, Twenty-fourth Iowa, and slightly wounding 8 others. A single fire from our men dispersed them.

Learning positively at Livonia that the road to False River was impracticable in consequence of high water and want of bridges, there was nothing to do but retrace my steps. Directing Colonel Davis to move forward 4 or 5 miles on the Rosedale road, ont he 31st ultimo, at 5 a. m., the troops marched for the junction. Arrived there at 10 o'clock and went into camp for the night. Colonel Davis did not get in until the afternoon. A report of his operations beyond Livonia has already been sent you. The next morning I sent Colonel Sharpe, with his brigade and four pieces of artillery and 500 cavalry, under Colonel Davis, to the Atchafalaya to destroy the saw-mill and, if possible, the boats at the ferry. The mill was effectually destroyed, as were also two important bridges ont he road leading to the river, but in consequence of the great risk troops would run in passing along the river bank, exposed to the enemy's sharpshooters on the west shore, it was not deemed prudent to attempt to reach the ferry, and the expedition by my order returned.

If thought important and desirable the boats can yet by destroyed by a force with a section of artillery moving out on the Texas road.

61 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

