
In the mean time orders had been received directing that the cavalry should visit Rosedale and the False River country, returning to Morganza by the river road. Colonel Davis marched at 9 a. m. June 2, and at 4 p. m. my command broke camp and returned to Morganza. Save the men already mentioned as killed or wounded by the guerrillas int he night attack on McGinnis' division, there was not a man lost in the whole command during the expedition, either killed or wounded, and not a straggler lost.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Edmund J. Davis, First Texas Cavalry (Union), commanding Cavalry Forces.

FORDOCHE BRIDGE, LA., May 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I went 4 miles below Livonia on the Rosedale road this morning, and 6 miles ont he Maringouin road. On the Rosedale road there was nothing found at all, and ont he other we arrived at plantation. The rebels, in my opinion, did not exceed 200, including the Texans who came down; they dispersed in small parties through the canebrake near their camp, nostly taking the trail leading to the Atchafalaya. We destroyed and brought away a considerable quantity of commissary stores. Among the stores destroyed were 18 barrels of pork; also a considerable quantity of clothing. They had only one piece of artillery, and that was an old Fourth of July gun mounted on cart-wheels. It was hid away in the swamp and could not be found, and it was not worth the trouble. I am positively certain that there is no other force in this country, and they are effectually dispersed, and I think the Texans are making for the Atchafalaya to cross. I ascertained that it was impossible to get to Waterloo by the way of Grossetete Bayu, without swimming my command, and it twice. It is 50 yards wide and 15 feet deep, and, consequently, by direction of General Lawler, returned to this point.

Respectfully,

EDMUND J. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Atchafalaya, June 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I am opposite the steam mill and where the artillery can destroy the mill. I find that the ferry, where the flats are, is about 2 miles above here, and that the road runs close to the bank of the river, so that it is completely covered by the enemy's sharpshooters. There is great risk of having the horses of the artillery

