
Massachusetts Battery the saw-mill on the opposite bank was destroyed, or at least the machinery rendered useless. On our return the bridges from Morgan's Ferry to the Fordoche were destroyed.

On the next morning, at about 10 a. m., by direction from headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, I again started down he Fordoche and Grossetete, leaving the Third Maryland with General Lawler. We reached Woolfork's plantation the same evening and camped there, driving away a small picket of the enemy. The next morning a drive of 3 miles brought us to the Rosedale draw-bridge over the Grossetete, which we crossed, and went by what is called the plank road to the Mississippi River, reaching this at 2 p. m., near Lobdell's Landing.

The bridge on this road at Cocodrie Bayou or lake had been burned some time since by the rebels, but Colonel Chrysler very promptly laid a good road over the railroad bridge with plank taken from some of the railroad station buildings. The road through from rosedale to Lobdell's, 15 miles, is very bad in wet weather such as we had. We camped that evening on the Mississippi, about 4 or 5 miles below False River. When I reached False River, about 8 a. m. of the next day (4th instant), I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs, with 300 of his best horses, to make the circuit of the outside of False River, and Colonel Chrysler, with the same number front he Fourth Brigade, to go around the inside of the river. To Colonel Chrysler nothing of importance occurred. He reports that the settlers on the inner side of False River are mostly very small farmers and poor. Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs had not proceeded more than 6 or 8 miles when he came suddenly upon a small party of 50 or 60 rebels (being a company of scouts known as McNelly's). Colonel Crebs immediately charged them and succeed in killing and wounding 4 and taking a lieutenant and 7 men prisoners. Colonel Crebs lost 1 killed and 2 wounded. His horses were so much used up by their hard service that he did not take the whole rebel party, as would otherwise have been the case. He reports a plenty of corn on that road.

Both parties rejoined me at camp of last night, about 8 miles this side of Waterloo, and we returned to this place this morning. the results of the whole expedition have been some 15 prisoners taken and from 25 to 30 (including at least 1 officer) killed and wounded. I have reason to believe that Colonel Madison with his Texans took a trail to the Atchafalaya for the purpose of recrossing. I do not think their is now a force exceeding 300 or 400 on this side of the Atchafalaya. These are lying around in small parties, and from the nature of the country can easily secrete themselves. Heavy rains or an overflow of the river would drive them from the swamps and make their capture easy.

Respectfully,

EDMUND J. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, 19th Army Corps.

[Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In addition to report of proceedings on the recent expedition down the Grossetete I have to state that the commissary stores

