
and clothing captured and destroyed at the camp of the guerrillas in rear of the plantation of David Barrown were evidently brought from the loyal States. The 18 barrels of pork destroyed bore New York brands; the hats, drawers, undershirts, &amp;c., were evidently of Northern make. The negroes and others report that these articles are landed on the bank of the Mississippi and thence hauled to the camp of the rebels. They say that the most of them came from about Baton Rouge. From my own observation and from information I have come to the conclusion that there is a regular and quite extensive business of this sort carried on principally from Baton Rouge, Plaquemine, &c. The guerrilla, Captain Ratcliffe, I am informed, allows cotton and sugar to be taken through those parts of the country infested by his gang on payment of certain toll, either in supplies of those articles the rebels want or in money.

Respectfully,

EDMUND J. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, 19th Army Corps.

[Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

JUNE 1, 1864.- Skirmish near Arnoldsville and raid on New Market, Mo.

Reports of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 1, 1864.

A desperate little fight occurred this morning between a detachment of militia and bushwhackers in the southeastern portion of Buchanan County. The militia were outnumbered and surprised. We lost 3 men killed. I have 200 men in pursuit of the villains. We have captured another of the murderers of Wilson and Christian, who has confessed the murder and revealed the names of his confederates in the crime. I am leaving no stone unturned to discover and summarily punish the guilty parties. The people are clamorous for protection that I am unable to afford from my limited force. Am increasing the loyal militia as rapidly as possible. We must look and prepare for considerable trouble. My advices from the river counties indicate that returning rebels and guerrillas are constantly crossing the river to this side. I have ordered Colonel Williams to Macon to assist in the organization of militia in Northeast Missouri.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, June 1, 1864.

The band of guerrillas that encountered our militia this morning near the south line of Buchanand County also made a raid into New Market, Platte County, for plunder. They stole horses, guns, and money, and left in the direction of Platte City. I have

