
which, under command of one Goode, had skulked slyly within the vicinity of this post and killed 1 soldier and captured another. I struck their trail and followed them about 10 miles, and found them dismounted,a nd seeing that the prisoners in their custody were out of danger I ordered the men to charge, which they did promptly. The guerrillas were scattered in every direction, and 3 of their number, Steen, Hickey, and Linzy, were killed on the spot. We lost John T. Smith, second lieutenant Company M, Eighth Missouri State Militia, who was shot dead in the charge. Like a brave soldier he died at the post of duty and honor.

I am, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

OZIAS RUARK,

Captain Company L, Eighth M. S. M. Cavalry.

Captain H. D. MOORE,

Commanding Post.

JUNE 3-5, 1864.- Scout from Sedalia to the Blackwater River, Mo.

Report of Captain William D. Blair, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. CO. B, FOURTH CAV., MO. STATE MIL.,June 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the results of a scout sent out under me on the 3rd instant, consisting of Lieutenant McClellan and 40 enlisted men of Company B, Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. After leaving Sedalia on the above-named day I divided the company, sending Lieutenant McClellan and 28 men directly to the Willow Ford, on La Mine Creek, in Cooper County, Mo., and I proceeded with some 4 miles of the bridge; then, taking by-paths and old roads, arrived at said Willow Ford just at sunset without hearing of any guerrillas being in that direction. On the morning of the 4th of June, 1864, we started for Pilot Grove, in Cooper County, Mo., where I arrived with the company at 11.30 a. m. with the intention of going into camp, but on hearing of a band of guerrillas in the vicinity of Pilot Grove Post-Office, Cooper County, Mo., started there immediately, but arrived about one hour after they had left. They killed Captain mayo, of Cooper County, Mo., who at the time was at the post-office. They also shot a Mr. Brownfield, of Pilot Grove, Mo., in the hand, but he made his escape into the brush. After this they took and old road which led into the one that I had just come on, which crossed the La Mine Creek at Willow Ford some 10 miles from the above-named post-office. From there they went directly to Longwood, Mo., and robbed the citizens of what they wanted, leaving some two hours before sunset. I followed them as fast as possible until 11 p. m. of the same day, when I camped on the farm of Mr. Sellers, in Saline County, Mo., until the morning of the 5th instant. We again started in pursuit, crossing Blackwater at Buffalo Ford, 5 miles below Brownsville, Mo., with the expectation of getting ahead of the bushwhackers, but they changed their course and passed up south fork of Blackwater some 9 miles from Brownsville,

