
Mo., where they began to scattery out in small gangs, and I think from the information obtained from a reliable citizen that a large portion of the 12 guerrillas live in Johnson County, Mo., above Knobnoster, and that the goods they took were for the benefit of their families.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. BLAIR,

Captain Company B, Fourth Cav., Missouri State Militia.

Colonel G. H. HALL,

Commanding 1st and 2nd Sub-dists., Dist. Central Mo., Sedalia, Mo.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST AND SECOND SUB-DISTRICTS,Sedalia, Mo., June 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

A man named Warren, who is said to live near Knobnoster, is said to have been of this party. Mr. Shanks, a reliable citizen, says that these men scattered when they reached the vicinity of Knobnoster and that he is satisfied from what he has heard that this Warren was one of them.

Respectfully,

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel 4th Cav., M. S. M., Commanding 1st and 2nd Sub-dists.

JUNE 4, 1864.- Affair at Hudson's Crossing, Neosho River, Ind. Ter.

Report of Colonel Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT SCOTT, June 6, 1864.

About 40 bushwhackers attacked Captain Craft, of the Indian Brigade, who had started up to meet the refugee train at Hudson's Crossing of the Neosho, 80 miles south of this, on the military road to Fort Gibson, day before yesterday morning at daylight, but were soon repulsed. Following them up, Captain Craft found and burned their camp; released a colored woman and 4 children they had taken from Shawnee Creek last Wednesday. They were half-breed Cherokees in Federal uniform.

C. W. BLAIR.

General McKEAN.

JUNE 4-17, 1864.- Scouts from Huntersville and Clinton, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

HUNTERSVILLE, ARK., June 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the scout under my command: In obedience to written instructions from Brigadier-General West, commanding Second Division, dated June 3, 1864, I took 7 commissioned officers and 273 enlisted men of my

