
command and started the morning of the 4th instant on a scout to Clinton, Ark., and vicinity. I arrived at that point on the morning of the 7th instant; from thence I sent one scout on the Kinderhook and Batesville road and another to Richwoods, on the Clinton and Batesville road, while with he balance of my command I proceeded to scout the south fork of Little Red River, which is very much infested with guerrilla bands. I returned to Clinton ont he 8th and waited for the return of the other scouts. Upon their arrival, finding my information regarding Shelby's movements not quite satisfactory, I concluded to move my whole command to Kinderhook, it being a convenient point to send out scouts on either of the roads leading toward Batesville, at which point Shelby was reported to be; it is likewise an important point, from the fact that the Batesville, Richwoods, Searcy, Little Rock, and Clinton roads all come together at this point. From there I sent one scout to Oil Though Bottom, and another within 5 miles of Batesville, on the Richwoods road; the latter went up near Heath's Ferry. By these scouts I ascertained the fact that Shelby had called together all his command and proceeded down the north side of White River on the morning of the 9th instant, with the intention of attacking Devall's Bluff if practicable; if not, to act along White River, capture boats, and, at the same time, collect McRae's scattered forces, which had been disbanded prior to Shelby's arrival. I would likewise report that he has conscripted every man from the ages of existent to fifty along his route, and he has sent Coffee and Schnabel up through Searcy, Newton, Carroll, Marion, and Izard Counties conscripting. I likewise sent a lieutenant and 25 men down toward Searcy to communicate with the Ninth Iowa Cavalry, but found the command had left that vicinity two days previous. This scout captured Lieutenant Johnston and 2 men of the Second Arkansas Cavalry (rebel). I likewise ascertained without a doubt that Shelby only had 1,200 men and four pieces of artillery with him, and that his forces were purposely very much exaggerated by his own command. The country through which my command passed is very mountainous and rocky, consequently hard on horses. Forgae and supplies of all kinds were very scarce, having been used by Shelby's command in their passage through and while at Batesville.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Illinois Cav., Commanding Scout.

Captain FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 5-9, 1864.- Scout from Warrensburg to the North Blackwater River, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Daniel Shumate, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 9, 1864.

COLONEL: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 9, I marched on the 5th instant, with 20 enlisted men of my company, on a foot scout with five days' rations. Late in the evening of the 5th, we fired on

