
JANUARY 19, 1864.-Skirmish at Branchville, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Benjamin T. Humphrey, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF PINE BLUFF,Pine Bluff, Ark., January 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I took the cavalry at this post-the Fifth Kansas Cavalry, the first Indiana Cavalry, the Seventh Missouri Cavalry, numbering in all about 600 men and four pieces of light artillery-and started at midnight, January 18, in the direction of Monticello; moved drown to Bayou Barholomew, 12 miles from here, and drove away the enemy's pickets; then stopped and fed. About daylight I moved

forward finding every few miles camp-fires, where small parties of the enemy had camped the night before. About 5 miles from the bayou the advance commenced skirmishing with the enemy's pickets and some 3 miles farther on I found the enemy in line of battle in thick tiber with their center resting on the road. I deployed the First Indiana and the Fifth Kansas Cavalry on the right and left of the road, and kept the artillery in the road, and formed the Seventh Missouri Cavalry in rear of the others as a reserve. I fought at this place about one-half an hour, and drove the enemy from his position and pursued him 7 miles all of which distance he contested very tenaciously. The enemy fell back all of the way in line battle, and I followed him in a similar manner. The firing for the whole 7 miles was incessant; but as it was timbered country all of the way, and both sides took advantage of the timber, there was, for the amount of firing, comparatively little damage done to either side. My low was 2 killed and a number slightly wounded. The different regiments report that they saw of the enemy 16 killed and 9 dangerously wounded. I do not know that this report is correct; but the ground fought over was so extensive that I had no other way of ascertaining.

The enemy's main camp was at Branchville, from which i completely routed him and drove him about 2 miles beyond, at which place he withdrew and ceased firing. My command was now nearly out of ammunition, having already fired over 40 rounds, and knowing that the enemy could with little difficulty cross from the Saline to the rear of me, I therefore concluded that I would continue the pursuit farther but return. I fed, then moved back to Bayou Bartholomew and camped for a short time, but knowing that there was a force on the Saline I thought it was not best to leave so small garrison at the post very long, so I marched to Pine Bluff that night, arriving there about midnight. Mr. Duces, a Union man whom the rebels had prisoner at the time of the engagement reports that we killed Colonel Lawther. The citizens from that vicinity the report same also.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Major-General STEELE.]

7 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

