
12 bushwhackers. They were leading 5 horses, which appeared to be heavily packed. This occurred about 10 miles from Warrensburg. On the night of the 5th, we camped int he timber of South blackwater. On the 6th, we encamped in said timber. On the morning of the 7th, we started before daylight. About sunrise we came on a man and 2 women; we fired on the man but he made his escape. From appearances they staid there during the night. He left a Federal overcoat and U. S. blanket. On the evening of the 7th, a party of 18 bushwhackers came in sight of us; fired a shot and retreated into the brush. On the night of the 7th, we camped in the timber of headquarters of North Blackwater. On the 8th, we spent a portion of the day in scouting and watching the roads. Late int he evening we marched down the north side of blackwater in the direction of Warrensburg. We camped about 5 miles from Clumbus, on the road leading to Warrensburg. On the 9th, we arrived at Warrensburg, having marched about 50 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL SHUMATE,

Second Lieutenant Co. I, 1st Cav., M. S. M., Commanding Co. L, M. S. M.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cav., Mo. State Militia, Commanding Third Sub-Dist.

JUNE 5-12, 1864.- Scout from Forsyth through Ozark and Douglas Counties, Mo.

Report of Captain Jacob Cassairt, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP AT FORSYTH, MO., June 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report as directed: I started on the march June 5, 1864, seeing considerable signs of guerrillas in vicinity of Beaver and Big Creeks and Little North Fork. At Mountain Home I captured 2 prisoners and 2 others escaped. Seven miles south of Mountain Home I captured 2 others. Continuing the march I arrived at Mr. Wolf's, but found nothing there. There had been 40 men encamped there, but had left the day before for Salem. Colonel Freemean was not, nor had not bee, there. The report about him being wounded was true and he is at this time on Spring river below Augusta. During the night the pickets captured 2 men belonging to Colonel coffee's command, and they report that he is at Mount Oliver with 100 men. They also report that Shelby is at Batesville. The number of men that he has I could not learn. He is in command of the troops this side of Arkansas River. They also report Jackman at Sylamore Mountains, with something near 300 men. These prisoners also state that Shelby intends making a raid into Missouri and to capture Rolla if possible. These reports are confirmed by citizens in the vicinity of Mr. Wolf's. Next morning I started back, scouting the country. On my return on the night of the 10th of June, during a heavy shower of rain, 2 prisoners attempted to escape from the guard, when 1 of them was killed and

