
ouacking on the bank of the river, and on the morning of the 6th, instant, at 6 o'clock, took up my line of march toward Lake Village, which was some 8 miles distant. After proceeding about 4 miles I came up to our cavalry, which were in advance and were skirmishing with the enemy. I threw out a line of skirmishers, and, in obedience to the order of General Smith, who had then arrived, the cavalry were withdrawn. I then pushed the enemy about 2 miles and found them in position on the opposite side of a bayou, beyond which their skirmishers had retreated. Having no artillery in my command, General Smith ordered Captain Cockefair with his battery to report to me. Colonel Hubbard's brigade formed the right of my line and Major Van Beek's the left. Captain Cockefair's battery was posted in the road on the right and on the bank of the lake. I ordered him to open upon the enemy with his guns; he did so, and they replied vigorously. I then told the captain I would advance the infantry in order to relieve him somewhat from the fire of the enemy's artillery. I then proceeded myself toward the left, and advanced the infantry, supposing he would continue the fire with his battery, which he unfortunately did not do. The line moved up to within short musket-range of the enemy on the opposite side of the bayou, when they were met by a most galling fire from their artillery and musketry. The position occupied by the enemy being in heavy timber their line was to a great extent concealed from our own troops, who were in an open field and greatly exposed to their fire. After engaging them, however, for about an hour the fire of their artillery was silenced and that of the infantry ceased, with he exception of a few scattering shots. At this time Colonel gilbert, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, who had been sent up by the general commanding to relieve the third Brigade, First Division (whose ammunition was exhausted), arrive on the field, and was put in position. I immediately rode to the right and ordered Colonel Hubbard to cross the bayou, and Colonel Gilbert to follow. We were detained some time in repairing the bridge, which the enemy had partially destroyed; this enabled them to escape, their force consisting entirely of cavalry and artillery. We then proceeded to Lake Village, where we bivouacked for the night. Both officers and men behaved with gallantry, although fighting at a great disadvantage. I have already forwarded a list of casualties. I herewith inclose the reports of brigade commanders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James M. Cockefair, Third Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD INDIANA BATTERY,On board Steamer White Cloud,

Mississippi River, June 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with your request, I beg leave to make the following report in relation to the movements of the Third Indiana Battery on the 6th and 7th instant, viz: At 3.30 p. m. on the

