
evening of the 5th instant the fleet arrived at Sunnyside Landing, Ark., Mississippi River; the battery disembarked and prepared two days' rations. Monday, June 6, the column moved at 7 a. m., the battery in the rear of the Fourteenth Iowa Regiment, Second Brigade, Colonel Shaw commanding. After we had marched about 2 miles I was ordered to move the battery forward in the rear of the First Regiment of the First Brigade, First Division, General Mower commanding. It now commenced raining very fast, and the roads became heavy. We moved on a few miles, when the two rifled guns of the battery were ordered by General Mower to take position in a field on the left of the road. We took the position accordingly and fired a few shells at the enemy. The nature of the ground being such, and very thick brush in front of us, we could not see the enemy or ascertain his position. I reported the fact to General Mower, who ordered me to move up the road bordering Old River Lake. In a short time after we got ont he road, the enemy opened his fire on us. General Mower ordered me to open with my two rifled guns. It was impossible to do so in consequence of the narrowness of the road, the lake on my right, and a thick-made growth of bush on my left. The battery was in column of pieces, along the bank of the lake, and in my opinion in great danger of being severally handled by the enemy's fire. I fired some eight or ten rounds of shell, and discovering we were accomplishing nothing, I requested General Mower to let me return by the road we came, about one-quarter of a mile, and deploy in an open field on our left. He refused to grant my request, and we remained on the road, as above stated, under the enemy's fire for about one hour. We were then ordered forward and crossed a bayou, and again opened with the two rifled guns at the retreating enemy. We fired some fourteen shells and were again ordered forward. We saw no more of the enemy, and arrived at Lake Village about 6 p. m. and went into camp with Colonel Hubbard's brigade. Tuesday, June 7, left camp 7 a. m., marched about 10 miles, and arrived at Columbia, Mississippi River, 1 p. m., and immediately embarked on respective boats.

I lost 2 artillery horses in the engagement; they were so badly crippled I ordered them to be shot, which was done.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES M. COCKEFAIR,

Captain, Commanding Third Indiana Battery.

Lieutenant DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit for the information of the general commanding the following details of the part borne by the Second Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, in the encounter with the enemy on Old River Lake, Ark., on the 6th of

