
Major Britton, Eighth Wisconsin, regimental commanders, are due my acknowledgments for efficient co-operation during the action. Subjoined is a summary of casualties the command sustained:

Officers. Enlisted men.

Command. 	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Aggreg

 	 .	 	 .	 ate.

47th Illinois	 1	 1	 6	 19	 27

Infantry

5th Minnesota	 ---	 ---	 1	 16	 *17

Veteran Infantry

8th Wisconsin	 ---	 ---	 3	 16	 19

Veteran Infantry

Total	 1	 1	 10	 51	 63

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major John C. Becht, Fifth Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment MINNESOTA VET. VOLS.,Memphis, Tenn., June 10, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the Fifth Minnesota was engaged in the battle with General Marmuduke's forces near Lakeville, Ark., on the 6th instant. General Smith's detachment of the Sixteenth Army Corps landed near the foot of Lake Village on the evening of the 5th, and marched early the next morning, Colonel Hubbard's brigade in the advance. On the first appearance of the enemy our brigade was formed in line of battle, and a company from each regiment deployed forward as skirmishers. The enemy gave us a running fight for 5 or 6 miles, using two pieces of artillery against us as often as opportunities were favorable and retaining their position as long as due regard for their safety would allow. The rebels having gained the rear of our line and taken up the bridge, which afforded themselves a protection, commenced to inaugurate a warm and spirited engagement. Our line then advanced over a low, level bottom land, against a galling fire of musketry and of grape and canister from two full batteries, until we reached the bank of the bayou, which was but a fare yards wide, and had no opening levee or embankment on either side. An open timber, however, afforded the rebels a great deal of protection which was denied to us.

Once in fair sight and shot of the enemy's battery, we soon silenced it, and after a severe and prolonged musketry firing drove him from his position, rebuilt the bridge, crossed the bayou, and thus ended the fight. The loss in our division, consisting of five regiments and 1,500 or 1,600 men, was not less than 100 killed and

---------------

*But see Becht's report, following.

---------------

