
wounded, the Fifth Minnesota providentially suffering less than any other regiment-killed,1; severely wounded, 1; slightly wounded, 9; total, 11.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BECHT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General of Minnesota.

Numbers 5. Report of Major George W. Van Beek, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DI., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Steamer Idaho, Mississippi River, June 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade of the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, int he battle of Old Rive Lake, Ark., ont he 6th day of June, 1864: This brigade (consisting of the Thirty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, and detachments of the Eleventh Missouri and Eighth and Twelfth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiments) moved from the place where it had bivouacked during the night on the river bank near Sunnyside Landing, Ark. At 6 a. m. ont he 6th instant, by order of Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower, Lieutenant Colonel William B. Keeler, on account of illness, remained ont eh boat, and I, being the senior officer present, assumed command of the brigade. After marching about 2 miles, and when near the west bank of Old River Lake, the enemy began skirmishing with the troops in our advance; they used artillery and musketry, but were steadily driven by our skirmishers and occasional shots from our artillery about 2 miles along the bank of the lake. At about 11 a. m. they made a determined stand in the edge of a woods, with their artillery advantageously posted, and their left flank protected by the lake. This brigade, by order of Brigadier-General Mower, formed into line of battle on the left of the Second Brigade of this division, and proceeded at once to move on the enemy's position, and, if possible, to capture his artillery. We soon found ourselves much exposed to a severe fire of shell and shrapnel, as we were moving forward through a field grown with weeds and briars. One shot at this time struck in Company E (color company) of the Thirty-fifth Regiment, tearing the bodies of 5 men in a frightful manner, killing 2 and wounding 3. From the incessant and heavy rain that had been falling for several hours the ground was wet and soft, making it very difficult for troops to move with rapidity. We pressed forward under the firing without halting a moment. When we were within 150 yards of the enemy they opened a terrific musketry (added to their artillery) fire upon our advancing line. At the word a shout was raised along our entire line, as they rushed toward the enemy on double-quick, firing as they ran. When within 75 paces of the enemy we encountered a fence; the troops were ordered over at once, and to such upon the enemy, but about 6 paces on the other side of the fence we came to an impassable bayou, about 40 yards wide, and deep water. The men were ordered to protect themselves

