
briars. Here we formed line of battle on the left of the Thirty-third Missouri, and moved forward under a heavy artillery fire from the enemy, who was posted advantageously in a dense forest in front. Although weighed down by wet clothes, muddy boots, &amp;c., the men advanced in good style through the tall tangle weeds and briars. When about midway between where we had formed line of battle and the enemy's position a shell from one of his guns exploded in the ranks of Company E, killing 2 men instantly and wounding 3 more. After closing the ranks we again pushed forward, and when within about 100 yards of the enemy's position we opened our fire upon him, but here an unexpected obstacle presented itself immediately in front, in the shape of a deep bayou. This unlooked-for bayour at such a time and such a place was calculated to dampen the ardor of any man or body of men advancing, as we supposed, to charge a battery, but it had but little effect on the "Thirty-fives," for they commenced jumping and climbing over a high fence 3 or 4 rods from and running parallel with the bayour. In crossing this fence several of our men were wounded. finding it impossible to ford the bayour and that they could go no farther, the command posted itself along the bayour and opened a heavy musketry fire on the enemy. This continued from a half to three-fourths of an hour, when an order came from the right to cease firing. I obeyed, and we ceased firing. In a few moments after I heard some one calling me by name; I turned and saw Major Van Beek, of the Thirty-third Missouri, commanding our brigade, who said, " Captain, keep on firing; those are not our men; I can see a hundred of them." I gave orders to fire, which commenced along the whole of our line. We continued firing until Lieutenant Hoover, acting assistant adjutant-general, came to notify me that we would soon be relieved by another brigade. This was the first intimation I had that our brave little major was wounded, and that Captain Dill, of Company D, had met the same fate. The brigade soon came up and I immediately took command of the regiment and marched it to an open space, where we formed in line and stacked arms.

I next had ammunition sent for and distributed among the command. This done, I ordered a detail of men from each company to look after the killed and wounded. Those killed (7 in number) were decently interred, and the wounded (10) carefully conveyed to the ambulances. After paying the last sad rites to the remains of our brave comrades we again moved forward in pursuit of the enemy, who we had driven from their almost impregnable position, but we failed to overtake him. We arrived near nightfall at Lake Village, 6 miles from the field of battle, and caped for the night. The next morning we resumed our march and arrived about noon at Columbia, on the Mississippi River, where we found our transports awaiting our arrival.

In closing this report it would be invidious, perhaps unjust, to mention the names of any one in particular as being brave, &c. They all acted like men who were fighting for a principle, not exactly for glory or for fame; but both fame and glory, bright as sunbeams, will cluster round the name of each of our honored dead.

Major, I have the honor to remain, yours, respectfully,

F. W. DORAN,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fifth Iowa Infy. Vols.

Major GEORGE W. VAN BEEK,

Commanding Third Brigade.

