
Numbers 7. Report of Captain Alexander J. Campbell, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,On board Trans. Emma Boyd, Miss. River, June 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters, this regiment moved at 6 a. m., June 6, from Sunnyside Landing (where it had bivouacked the previous night), following the Second Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, to within a distance of 2 miles of Lake Village, where it was deployed into line on the left of the Second Brigade. Being ordered to advance on the enemy, we complied, moving steadily and unflinchingly forward under almost terrific and destructive fire of shell and canister from a masked battery and bullets from infantry. The ground passed over was rendered almost impassable on count of the heavy rains of the morning and the briars and cottonwood by which it was covered. We discovered that in order to dispossess the enemy we had to cross an unfordable bayou, on the opposite side of which he was strongly posted. After an hour's firing we succeeded in dislodging him.

Being notified that Colonel Gilbert would relieve us, orders were given accordingly. We retired about 75 paces, collected our dead for interment, and our wounded and ordnance for removal; such being effected, we replenished our cartridge-boxes with ammunition and marched after the enemy as far as Lake Village. Darkness coming on, we were ordered to bivouac for the night. We moved forward at 6 o'clock, and arrived at 11 a. m. on the 7th instant. Our loss, which is very heavy, was principally sustained by the right wing, it being easily observed and exposed to a heavy enfilading fire. The Thirty-third Regiment has in this severe test sustained its reputation, men and officers acting nobly in fighting for our glorious Union. The following is a list of casualties:*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. CAMPBELL,

Captain Company C, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement at Fish Bayou, on the 6th instant. In compliance with orders received from you, I

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 9 enlisted men killed and 2 officers and 30 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

