
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Benjamin T. Humphrey, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH CAVALRY, MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Pine Bluff, Ark., January 20, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from the colonel commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, in the engagement of January 19, 1864.

At the opening of the engagement the regiment was deployed to the right and left of the road and held in reserve in support of the artillery, in which position it remained for some two hours, the entire line moving forward. The regiment was then ordered to the front, dismounted, to relieve the skirmishers of the First Indiana and Fifth Kanasas Cavalry Regiments. The regiment moved forward at double-quick, repulsing the enemy where fond. Our loss in action: Private William Munks, Company B, killed; Private Henry Helwing, company H, slightly wounded. One horses killed. From the reports of the officers of my command, there were 5 of the enemy killed, and from the signs of blood on the ground where the engagement occurred the number of wounded must have been large. We captured from the enemy 1 mule and 1 musket.

I have the honor to be, sir,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. T. HUMPHREY,

Captain, Seventh Cav., Missouri Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant M. W. BENJAMIN,

Post Adjutant, Pine Bluff, Ark.

JANUARY 21-25, 1864.- Reconnaissance on Matagorda Peninsula, Tex.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. forces in Texas.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Thomas E. G. Ransom, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Napoleon, J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. forces in Texas.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Matagorda Peninsula, January 28, 1864.

SIR: The reconnaissance made by order, under direction of Brigadier-General Ransom, who marched from here on the 21st instant, was entirely successful. He returned three days ago without loss or accident, except the sad death of Captain Charles R. March and the wounding of Private Heald, of the Thirteenth Maine, both by an accidental shot fired by one of the sailors from a gun-boat. The enemy were closely reconnoitered at Caney Creek, 60 miles from here, and discovered in some force; his pickets were driven in, and

