
disembarked the command at Sunnyside Landing at 5 p. m. of 5th instant and encamped for the night. The next morning at 6 a. m. I moved with the division on the road leading to Old River Lake. Reaching the lower end of the lake the enemy appeared in front. By order received from your the Third Indiana Battery was sent forward to join General Mower's command. After proceeding a short distance on the road, the Second Brigade of the Third Division was sent forward and reported to General Mower. For the detailed account of the part taken by the Second Brigade you are respectfully referred to the official report, herewith inclosed, of Colonel J. I. Gilbert, commanding brigade.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-first Missouri, Commanding Division.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Detach. Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel James I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, Ark., June 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the engagement with the enemy on the 6th instant at Fish Bayou, Ark.: At 7 a. m., pursuant to your orders, the command, consisting of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, Captain W. C. Jones commanding; Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, Major George W. Howard commanding; Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Egerhart commanding; Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, Major R. W. Fyan commanding, and the Third Indiana Battery, Captain J. M. Cockefair commanding, left Sunnyside Landing, where it had disembarked and caped the previous night, and moved out on the road leading to the rear of Old River Lake. A heavy rain set in soon after starting, which thoroughly drenched the men and made the marching very difficult. The command had reached the lower end of the lake, when the enemy appeared in front and skirmishing with him commenced. At this time an order was received to send forward the Third Indiana Battery, which was promptly executed, when the two rifled huns of the battery were ordered into position in a field upon the left of the road, which was accordingly done and a few shells thrown at the enemy, who gradually fell back to the farther side of Fish bayou, where he formed line nearly perpendicular to the road along the side of the lake upon which our column advance, and there made a determined stand. The Third Indiana Battery here again engaged the enemy's artillery, but owing to the narrowness of the road, the lake upon one side and thick underbrush upon the other, an advantageous position could not be obtained and consequently but comparatively little damage effected upon the other, and advantageous position could not be obtained and consequently but comparatively little damage effected upon the enemy. At this time the two brigades of the First Division, having moved up close to the bayou, were engaged

