
in a sharp musketry fight with the enemy, when about 1 p. m. an order was received to move forward the Second Brigade and form line of battle some 300 paces in their rear. I immediately advanced in an old field, thickly covered with underbrush and tall weeds and briars, and deployed into line at the point designated. My right resting upon the road, was held by the Thirty-second Iowa, the right and left center by the Fourteenth Iowa and Twenty-fourth Missouri, respectively, and the left by the Twenty-seventh Iowa. while forming line, the enemy caught sight of us, and threw two or three shells with unusual precision, which struck just in front and must have materially damaged us had they not failed to explode. I at once sent Lieutenant Donnan of my staff to report my arrival to General Mower (as it was impossible for him to see our approach through the brush), who ordered me to move up to the bayou and relived the brigade upon the left. I immediately moved to the left and forward to the position assigned, and in so doing was under a heavy musketry fire from the enemy, who were strongly posted int he thick timber upon the opposite side of the bayou. Orders were now given to fire, which the men executed with great rapidity and with telling effect. A few volleys were poured in when the enemy retreated from the field. The command was about three-quarters of an hour under the fire of the enemy.

It gives me great pleasure to express my admiration for the good conduct displayed by both officers and men throughout the action. I also wish to express my thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Eberhart, of the Thirty-second Iowa, and his command, who were under the hottest of the fire, and bore themselves gallantry. I cannot fail also to favorable mention W. G. Donnan, lieutenant, Twenty-seventh Iowa, and acting assistant Adjutant-general, and R. Rees, lieutenant, Twenty-first Missouri, and acting assistant inspector-general, who with coolness, promptness, and energy, in the performance of staff duties, rendered me valuable assistance of the field. Appended you will find a list of the casualties:*

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES I. GILBERT,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Iowa, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Warren C. Jones, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Steamer W. L. Ewing, June 7, 1864.

COLONEL: Agreeably to instructions from your headquarters I submit the following official report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry int he battle of Old River Lake, Ark., June 6, 1864: At 12 m. the regiment took position on the left of the Lake Village road, the right resting upon the left of the Thirty-second Iowa Volunteers Infantry and fronting Fish Bayou, upon the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted shows 4 enlisted men killed, 5 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing.

---------------

