
opposite bank of which the rebels were posted, their batteries upon our front and right. The enemy opened upon us with solid shot, doing no damage. Our line then advanced steadily through a dead briar thicket until within 20 feet of the bayou, when we opened our fire in volley by battalions. The enemy replied, their balls passing over our heads. We continued our fire until the enemy broke and fled, leaving us masters of the field. The depth of the water in the bayou prevented our charging their batteries. No casualties. Your most obedient servant,

WARREN C. JONES,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Iowa Vol. Infantry.

Colonel JAMES I. GILBERT,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 11. Report of Major George W. Howard, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFY.,Steamer Diadem, June 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part my command took at the battle of Ditch Bayou, June 6, 1864: About 2 miles in the rear of Ditch Bayou, Colonel Gilbert was ordered by Colonel Shaw to take command of the brigade, of which my regiment formed a part, and I assumed command of the regiment. After advancing about a mile my regiment was ordered into line of battle. Our position was at the left of our brigade, which was at the left of and at right angles with the Lake Village road. We were then ordered to advance in line of battle. When within about 20 rods of the bayou we were ordered to march by the left flank into a field some 40 rods to our left. General Mower then directed me to deploy two companies of my regiment as skirmishers to find, if possible, a ford across the bayou. I ordered Companies A and B to comply with the order. My regiment was soon ordered to the bayou. In a short time I was ordered to march by the right flank and joined our brigade at the bridge crossing the bayou. Companies A and B joined us here. They were unsuccessful in finding a ford. The fire of the enemy was very light on the left of our position, and I have no casualties to report.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. HOWARD,

Major, Commanding Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.n

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gustavus A. Eberhart, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND Regiment IOWA INFANTRY,Steamer White Cloud, June 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that while the First and Third Divisions were on the march on the 6th instant, the advance of the column having met and engaged the enemy, orders were received to

