
move the Second Brigade forward to support the advance brigades. Moving up within 300 yards of the first line, we were ordered to form in line of battle. This was done, the right of my regiment forming across the road and resting on the lake. As soon as formed we moved forward with the brigade until we came upon the line we were to have supported. We were then ordered to move by the left flank. While executing this movement we lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded from the fire of the enemy. When clear from the other brigade we moved forward in line to the bayou and opened on the enemy and drove him after an action of fifteen minutes. While engaged, the regiment lost 3 killed and 3 wounded, making our total loss 4 killed and 4 wounded, 1 missing. officers and men conducted themselves in a creditable manner, they supposing that our forward movement was to charge the enemy's battery, not knowing that the bayour was in our front until we came on it. The march was continued from this point without again seeing the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

G. A. EBERHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Major Robert W. Fyan, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH MISSOURI VOL. INFANTRY,On board Shenango, June 7, 1864.

In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters, this date, I make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers int he recent engagement at Grand Lake, Ark., ont he 6th instant: On the evening of the 5th, the regiment disembarked as ordered, and commenced march with the brigade and division on the morning of the 6th. Some 8 miles from the river and at Grand Lake we received orders from Colonel Gilbert, commanding brigade, to advance and take position in line of battle on the left of the Fourteenth Iowa, which order was obeyed, one or two cannon-shot falling in the ranks of the regiment as it moved into position-the left center of the brigade. Brigade being formed in line of battle, we moved on the enemy, who were posted across a bayou, and in so doing were under a heavy musketry fire from the enemy. reaching the fence on the edge of the bayou we poured one volley into the enemy, who fell back, except a few who were posted behind fallen timber. Between these sharpshooters and the regiment a desultory fire was kept up for some minutes, until the former withdrew. We remained in our position on the bayou until we received orders from brigade commander to move by the right flank with brigade and take up line of march. I am happy to state that no casualties occurred in the regiment, owing, I think, to our getting the first fire on the enemy. All the officers and men bore themselves gallantry.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. FYAN,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fourth Missouri Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

