
Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Colton Greene, Third Missouri Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Marmaduke's brigade, including skirmishes June 5 and 7 at Worthington's and Sunnyside Landings.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,In the Field, June 9, 1864.

MAJOR: In my Numbers 32, recording the operations of this brigade on the Mississippi, I reported that on the 3rd and 4th instant no boats appeared on that river. On the morning of the 5th, my scouts brought me intelligence that twelve transports and gun-boats, seven of which were iron-clads and gun-boats, had made its appearance. They were watched and found to pass Sunnyside, when late in the afternoon the marine fleet, with the marine cavalry brigade and the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, dropped down and debarked its troops at Worthington's lower landing. This force advanced about sunset and drove in my pickets, which were re-enforced by a detachment under Major Porter, when the enemy retired to his boats. My train was sent to the rear across Ditch Bayou and dispositions made for battle. At sunrise of the 6th, Burbridge's regiment was sent forward under command of Colonel John Q. burbridge to fell the enemy. He was found formed at Worthington's lake plantation in strong cavalry force, and skirmishing at once began. Roberts' and Hulett's companies were dismounted and advanced, and learning the whole fleet had landed, Kitchen's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Ellison, was deployed as mounted skirmishers to the right of Burbridge, the whole of which regiment was dismounted and deployed, its left resting on the lake. A detachment of Greene's and Jeffers' regiments was sent to the extreme right to reconnoiter and observe. My line of skirmishers extended from the lake through Johnson's plantation to the timber, presenting a front of three-quarters of a mile. All of my guns excepting one rifle of Hughey's battery (a section of which had reported to me) were sent across Ditch Bayou. My position was a peculiar one, and it behooved me to look as much to my rear and right as to my front. There were but two outlets from it-one by Beasley's, west, the other by Lake Village-both of which it was easy for the enemy to occupy. I therefore sent a strong force under Major Bennett, with Harris' battery, at Lake Village, to hold the enemy in check should he advance from Columbia; placed a detachment at Beaslye's, on Bayou Mason, to hold the bridge, and guarded myself by pickets at every exposed point. These dispositions were made during the night of the 5th.

The enemy's infantry debouched from the timber at the foot of Old River Lake and at once deployed to my right. The skirmishing was general along the whole line. Burbridge and Ellison fell back slowly before the increasing force, halting often and checking the advance.

My main line, consisting of Greene's and Jeffers', reduced by heavy details, was formed in the grove which skirted my camp (Red Leaf), while Lawther's regiment supported the artillery sent 2 miles to the rear at Ditch Bayou. I determined to skirmish with the enemy to this bayou and there make a stand. The enemy was discovered to be in large force. Major-General Smith commanded, and parts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, numbering

