
some 8,000 infantry, with 700 cavalry and twelve cannon, were in my front. My force did not exceed 600 men and six cannon.

My skirmishers behaved with admirable coolness; made a stand at Red Leaf, where I used one gun. This brought the timid enemy to a halt, and taking advantage of it I retired my line and artillery a quarter of a mile. From this point I retired skirmishing and withdrew my force to the north side of Ditch Bayou-a deep cut 3 miles in length and running from Old River Lake to Bayou Mason. Here four guns of Pratt's battery were placed next to the lake and covering the bridge, supported by Greene's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, and then Lawther's regiment, supporting Hughey's section, Lieutenant Cortright commanding. Jeffer's regiment formed the extreme right. Burbridge and Ellison were held in reserve.

The enemy advanced to within 700 yards, his line extending over a mile, supported by a column of infantry moving up the levee road on the lake, when we opened with artillery. The effect was visible. His line and column were thrown into confusion. The firing now became general along the line and continued for an hour, when the enemy massed and attempted to turn my right. Kitchen's regiment was sent to its support and the artillery ordered to fire by the right oblique with canister. The enemy gave way, but again renewed the fight with determination. thus was the action continued until 2.30 o'clock, against odds of seven to one. My ammunition was exhausted, my rear not secure, and I determined to withdrew. Jeffers' and Kitchen's regiments and Pratt's battery were retired, then Lawther's, then Cortright's section. Burbridge's regiment was now advanced and covered the retiring troops. After engaging the enemy for half an hour Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell was likewise withdrawn. I now mounted Lawther's regiment, behind which Burbridge retired. Everything moved off slowly and in good order. Colonel Lawther brought up the rear, skirmishing. I moved to Parker's, on Bayou Mason, 3 miles west of Lake Village, at which place the enemy made his bivouac.

At 9 o'clock of the 7th, my scouts reported the enemy moving around the lake toward the river, and I at once sent Lawther in pursuit. He harassed him to his boats.

My loss was light considering the heavy force we engaged-1 officer and 3 men killed, 7 officers and 26 men wounded; total, 4 killed and 33 wounded. There were 11 horses killed and 21 wounded. From prisoners captured I learn that the enemy's loss exceeded 250 in killed and wounded. Eight of the enemy were captured by my scouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 6, 1864.- Skirmish at Bealer's Ferry, on Little Red River, Ark.

Report of Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, June 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters District of Little Rock, I have the honor to report that the

