
Eighth Missouri Cavalry arrived here from Little Red Rive last night, being relieved by battalion Ninth Iowa Cavalry. On the evening of the 6th instant a detachment of 25 men of the Eighth Missouri Cavalry had a skirmish with a party of 40 of Shelby's cavalry, at Bealer's Ferry, on Little Red River. Our loss, 1 man killed, 2 wounded. Enemy's loss, 1 killed, 1 lieutenant and 4 men taken prisoners. Enemy routed, pursuing them 4 miles. Shelby's forces reported between Batesville and Jacksonport. No troops have arrived or left the post to-day. No news of importance.

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 7, 1864.- Affair at Sikeston, Mo.

Reports of Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., June 8, 1864.

Our men came upon 6 guerrillas at Sikeston about sunset last night, and succeeded in killing the notorious guerrilla Wright. The others escaped, but some of them were wounded, and there was blood on the trail. They took 1 prisoner; he was too drunk to kill. A large party were heard from below, and my men are after them.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

Brigadier-General EWING.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 8, 1864.

I have just received the following, dated 12 o'clock to-day:

Captain EWING:

I am en route to Sikeston [after] the rebel bushwhackers. A party of soldiers last evening killed and wounded 11. Send some men to watch the crossing as I run them.

J. A. RICE,

Lieutenant.

The line is again cut below here and New Madrid. I do not believe it can be kept up just now.

EWING.

I will send 100 men down to help Ewing in the morning, and will send 50 in below from Bloomfield.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

General EWING.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., June 8, 1864.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Rice, who was in command of the affair last evening at Sikeston, has arrived; he reports that he killed 3 guerrillas instead of 1, as before reported. The man Wright was taken

