
prisoner; he was a desperate outlaw; he had just shot a horse because it was branded U. S., and had killed a negro but a moment before his capture; the negro was lying there dead. He said he was in command of the party who bushwhacked the soldiers from New Madrid Saturday last, killing and wounding 11; he said he would do so as long as he could raise an arm. He said he tore down the telegraph line-if Rice did not believe it, look in his saddle-bags; a roll of telegraph wire was in them. Wright said they would deep it down. Wright has got his rights. Wright departed this life last night; his death was sudden; he tried to escape but didn't. Our men are after them. I regret to say that 1 prisoner was brought in.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General EWING.

JUNE 7, 1864.- Raid on New Frankfort, Mo.

Report of Captain Albert Brackman, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

MACON, June 9, 1864.

A citizen from New Frankfort, Saline County, Mo., brings the news that the place was attacked night before last by 20 bushwhackers. Nearly my whole company was raised in that town; there is not a single disloyal man in it. The bushwhackers committed all sorts of depredations and infamies; killed 1 of my discharged soldiers. My men are anxious to see after their families. Would it not be just to grant them the favor? They can get re-enforcements at Cambridge or Marshall.

I think I can spare a dozen here just now. Lieutenant Patterson has returned. He co-operated with H. T., but it seemed they did not agree with one another.

ALBERT BRACKMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General FISK.

JUNE 8, 1864.- Engagement at Simsport, La.*

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Report of Major Thomas A. Faries, C. S. Artillery.

Numbers 2.- Report of Lieutenant Maunsel Bennett, Boone's Louisiana Battery.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Thomas A. Faries, C. S. Artillery.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, SECOND INFY. DIV.,ARMY OF WEST LOUISIANA,

In the Field, June 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report an engagement yesterday morning at Simsport, La., between two turreted iron-clads and the tin-clad Numbers

---------------

*The United States vessels engaged were the Chillicothe, Fort Hindman, and Neosho. See report of Lieutenant-Commander Frank M. Ramsay, in Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

