
13, of the enemy, and the two 30-pounder Parrott rifles, under First Lieutenant M. Bennett, commanding Boone's Louisiana Battery. Lieutenant Bennett reports that he opened on the gun-boats at 1 mile distance about 8.30 a. m., the iron-clads firing from 8 and 11 inch guns and 100-pounder Parrott rifles. One of the cannoneers of the left piece was killed by the explosion of a shell, which exploded immediately in front of the gun. One of the 30-pounder Parrott guns recently captured from a gun-boat on Red River burst at the breech at the third discharge, expanding the wrought-iron band or re-enforce and splitting the breech of the gun about 30 inches, slightly wounding 1 man. The detachment from the disabled piece was then moved to the left near the mouth of Bayou De Glaize; the other piece continued to fire until the gun-boats took such positions (in front) above and below as to almost insure its being dismounted by their concentrated and cross-fire from guns of much greater caliber, the piece itself, with most of the carriage, being exposed to view above the levee, which could only afford protection to infantry kneeling, as it was only about 36 yo 40 inches in height where the two pieces were in battery. The serviceable piece was run across the river road to allow the wheels to rest in the ditch, some 25 feet in rear of the levee, which caused less of the carriage to be seen from the river.

Lieutenant Bennett, after sending repeatedly to the officer in command of the infantry for support, which, if it had been posted on the right, left, and rear of his pieces, would have prevented what followed, retired his remaining detachment below or to the right of the piece and went himself to the officer commanding the infantry detailed to support him to request such support as would prevent the enemy from landing, and while with this officer it appears the enemy succeeded in dragging the gun and carriage over the levee onto one of the gun-boats. They soon afterward moved up the river and disappeared. It was then discovered that the gun had been taken away with 36 cartridges.

I reached Simsport on the afternoon of the same day and ordered the disabled gun and all the implements and ammunition withdrawn, which was done last night, the battery encamping at Norwood's plantation, on the Bayou De Glaize road. The casualties are 1 man killed, 1 slightly wounded,a nd 1 missing. Having witnessed in action the conduct of Lieutenant Bennett and all of his men, I am satisfied that he and they stood at their posts as long as cannoneers under such circumstances could remain, and when his serviceable gun was run a few feet to the rear it was not his intention to cease firing, but to prevent the gun form being injured until he could get such support as would enable him to work the gun without the risk of being charged by the enemy when they landed, armed with small-arms, which he saw plainly was their intention; and I have no doubt the enemy was encouraged to make the attempt, seeing his infantry and only support at such a distance from the pieces. I inclose his report, with the details of the affair.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

Major J. C. MONCURE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Infantry Division.

