
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Maunsel Bennett, Boone's Louisiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS BOONE'S BATTERY,Simsport, La., June 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report an engagement this morning between this battery and two of the enemy's turreted iron-clads and the tin-clad gun-boat Numbers 13. The latter boat, however, remained at the point, over 2 miles above, during the engagement. I opened on the iron-clads at 8.30 a. m., about 1 miles distant, and continued firing until same time after they took a position near the left bank of the Atchafalaya River, about 600 yards distant. We struck them with several shot, one of which passed through the wheel-house, but without seeming to inflict much damage or impede their progress. The infantry support, stationed at first behind the levee within about 50 yards of the upper piece, withdrew at the commencement of the engagement, taking a position behind a point of woods from the boats and in a dry bayour about 300 yards from the battery. One of the 30-pounder Parrott guns recently captured from the enemy's gun-boats burst at the third discharge, slightly wounding 1 man. It seemed to have been caused by the re-enforce not fitting the gun tightly, as the latter opened about one-quarter of an inch without damaging the former. Seeing that the gun was totally disabled, I ordered Sergeant Tanner to move his detachment up to Bayou De Glaize near the infantry. I fired principally solid shot, those that struck hitting obliquely and glancing off. I fired 4 percussion shell, 1 of which exploded on striking a boat. We were replied to by the enemy with 8-inch and 11-inch guns and 100-pounder Parrott guns, firing shot and shell with tolerable accuracy. The smooth-bore guns of the enemy fired shell and shrapnel, which as a general thing burst either in our rear or too far in front to cause us much damage. After firing several rounds from the position they had taken their range became more accurate, some of the shells passing very near, though bursting with no better effect than at first. Seeing that our remaining gun must be dismounted if such an unequal contest was long continued, I ordered it run back 20 to 25 feet, allowing the wheels to rest in a shallow ditch. I at the same time dispatched for the infantry to come to our support, and ordered Sergeant North to move his detachment about 25 or 30 yards below, to a position where they would be less exposed and which I subsequently endeavored to get the infantry to occupy. I remained myself just above the pieces with Sergeant-Major Jones, who I take pleasure in reporting as a gallant and brave soldier.

The gun-boats now commenced approaching the right bank of the river, and as they got near, thinking they would probably try to land, I sent a second dispatch by Sergeant Jones asking for support, which failing to come, and seeing the boats evidently intended to land, I went up to where the infantry were and endeavored to get a support, which might have been sent down by one of the two bayous, both of which ran to the river near where the pieces were posted. Sergeant North seeing their design to land moved his detachment about 200 yards down the river.

About fifteen minutes from the time I went to ask for support I saw about 20 men of the enemy on and over the levee, and being fired upon by the detachment of infantry posted near the month of Bayou De Glaize they retired in a few minutes to their boats, but

