
although none were captured, they were compelled to abandon their horses and hide in some swamps, and their horses wee captured. General Ransom saw 3,000 cavalry, 1,000 infantry, and some artillery draws up in the ground just outside the works, preparing to repel his expected attack. One deserter came in from there night before last and reports 30,000 men up there. This is, of course, false.

Three deserters came into our lines at Indianola last night, having left Matagorda the night before. They report ten regiments and two batteries of field pieces at Caney, and Magruder's main force just behind the San Bernard, just in rear of the force at Caney. They report the steam-boats Carr, Cora, Lucy Gwin,, and Lizie Lake, and the schooners Annie Dale and George Buckhart, as above the surf in Matagorda Bay, and that the surf is impassable, the channel having been filled-named steamers are cotton-clads, the other two ply with stores and supplies between Caney and Matagorda. The two schooners are armed, one with a 12-pounder, the other with a 6-pounder. The armament of the Carr has lately been charged, and she has a 30-pounder Parrott, taken from the gun-boat Westifield.

Our reconnaissance up the peninsula was considered so threatening that this was taken from her and mounted in one of the works at Caney, together with another of the same kind, but it has since been returned to her. The Cora has a 24-pounder howitzer. Oh, for some cavalry! If I only had even two good regiments of cavalry, I could do good service. Believe me, chances are being thrown away, which are seriously to be regretted. Do send me cavalry, as much as you can, but if no more can be had, send me two good regiments, and I can use them profitably; well, gloriously. I hope I shall know so what regiments,, if any, are to be withdrawn, from here. I dare not stir now, under the information of your last letter. Don't postpone sending me engineer officer and ordnance officer, also the guarder.

With much respect,

N. J. DANA,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. B. SCATES,

Asst. Adjt. General Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Thomas E. G. Ransom, U. s. Army, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decrow's Point, Tex., January 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the orders of the general commanding, I marched at noon on the 21st instant, to make a reconnaissance up Matagorda Peninsula, my command consisting of the First Brigade, Colonel W. J. Landram, commanding; one gun of White's battery, and 40 men of Fourt's and White's batteries as mounted infantry, Lieutenant Troops commanding. On the night of the 21st instant, encamped at Harklin's place, having marched 14 miles; marched 25 miles on the 22nd, and on going into camp sent forward mounted men

