
returning again soon without being observed, except by the detachment of cannoneers below the guns, the men of the enemy fastened a cable or hawser to the piece not damaged and hauled it over the levee by steam.

A detachment of the Crescent Artillery, 8 in number, temporarily assigned to the battery of few days since, were armed with rifles and muskets, but I was not aware of the fact until they reported 6 taken the enemy from the camping-place between the river and the levee, on the batture. One of the men now missing is reported to have remained at the levee when Sergeant North moved his detachment down the river. This man was, I believe, taken prisoner a few minutes after.

Our loss, which can only be attributable to the fact that we were not supported, is 1 30-pounder Parrott gun with carriage, 36 30-pounder cartridges, and 6 muskets belonging to the detachment of Crescent Artillery. I fired in all 14 solid shot and 4 percussion shell, the effect of which has been reported. Casualties, Private R. Mayeux, killed; Private C. Hetherwick, slightly wounded; Private J. Daly, Crescent Artillery, missing.

Very respectfully,

M. BENNETT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Boone's Battery.

Major T. A. FARIES,

Chief of Artillery, Second Infantry Division.

JUNE 8-19, 1864.- Scout on the Osage and in its vicinity.

Report of First Sergt. Carmi B. Vaughan, Company L, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding scout.

HARRISONVILLE, MO., June 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report my recent scout on the Osage and vicinity, as follows: June 8, I was ordered by Captain E. W. Kingsbury to take 40 men from Companies I and L, a 6-mule team, and ten days' rations, and scout the Osage River until I was relieved by another scout or ordered in. I marched the same evening and camped on the Scout Deep Water, 6 miles from Johnstown. My force consisted of a corporal, 17 men, and a citizen guide from Company I; 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, 17 men, and 1 teamster from Company L, making an aggregate of 41 men. June 9, marched to Pleasant Gap,kl on the head of Camp Branch. Scouted about the town and discovered sign of bushwhackers; found fresh horse tracks where one had struck out from the road into the brush, but were unable to find him. Marched from Pleasant Gap 8 miles south to a ford on the Osage 2 miles east of Papinsville, and secreted the men and horses inside a hedge at the Widow Barrow's place. About 2 p. m. of same day my lookout from the house top reported 6 mounted men coming down the river bottom past Papinsville. I had a few men saddle up, and taking advantage of the ground took them within carbine range of the party before they discovered us. They proved to be bushwhackers, and a running fight ensued to the timber at Papinsville, where 3 of them escaped in the brush, we being unable to follow their trail farther. We killed 2 of the gang and wounded 2 others, 1 of whom must have sunk in a deep slough we ran them through, as his horse left it without him. We captured 1 horse (wounded so as to be unserviceable), $250 in Confederate money, some clothing,

