
calico, coffee, &amp;c., that they threw away in their flight. Four of their loose horses ran up the river bottom. As soon as possible I sent men on fresh horses after them, who, taking the trail, followed them 8 miles in the direction of Double Branches. They reported that some 12 or 14 bushwhackers came out of the brush near Miami Mission, in rear of the loose horses, and all went on together. Night coming on my scout gave up the chase and returned. We had not means of identifying the men we killed, but suppose them to be a part of Potter's gang who have been plundering in Kansas recently. They were well armed, splendidly mounted, and fought desperately. None of my men or horses were hit, though the bushwhackers fired some 40 shots at us. Our carbines proved worse than useless, nearly all of them missing fire.

June 10, sent 10 men and team back to Johnstown for corn. Took 7 men and crossed the Osage at Papinsville and scouted the Little Osage to Balltown, 15 miles; returned to Barrow's place at night without seeing any bushwhackers. Left Sergeant Hutchins with the balance of the command at Barrow's place to watch the ford and bury the dead bushwhackers. He reports that several mounted men came in sight during the day, and just at night 6 came to where yesterday's fight took place; 2 of them stood picket while the other 4 searched. Sergeant Hutchins had the horses saddled to go after them, but could not get out without being seen, and waited for me to make my appearance from the timber in rear of the bushwhackers. A few minutes after they disappeared around a point of timber we galloped up from the ford to camp. By the time I got to camp it was dusk, and I did not go after the party. June 11, kept secreted inside hedges, rested horses,a nd kept a sharp lookout for bushwhackers, but did not see any. Team arrived in the evening with corn from Johnstown; saw no bushwhackers ont he road. June 12, made a scout across the Osage and down the south side, 8 miles, thought he timber with 6 men. Found the green-headed flies so thick that it was impossible to stay there any length of time with our horses. Returning to the ford by a different road, discovered fresh trail of 2 bushwhackers, who had evidently seen us and turned back. Followed them in the bush until near night, when we recrossed the river and returned to camp. At night the sentinels reported seeing men prowling around on foot; had the men under arms a short time to repel an attack, but received none. June 13, took 7 men and made a scout to Balltown, on the Little Osage; arranged signals to work in conjunction with Balltown troops (Third Wisconsin Cavalry). June 14, sent 10 men with team to Balltown for corn; took 15 men and scouted the Marais des Cygnes to the Double Branches, where we struck a fresh trail and followed it through the brush nearly all day; found a recently deserted camp (apparently of 20 or move men) near Stumptown; followed the trail from there to Hog Skin Prairie, where it scattered, and we were unable to followed them farther; returned to camp, having traveled some 30 miles. June 15, sent a small scout across the Osage to Look for fresh signs, who reported that they saw none. Messrs. Porter and Debiney came down from Germantown and reported that 60 bushwhackers were at Butler the 12th; it was thought they were locating at the island in the Marais des Cygnes, just above the mouth of the Miami. June 16, sent a scout of 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 8 men to Balltown to arrange with Wisconsin troops to scout the island; they returned at night with a guide to take me

