
to the foot of the island, where Lieutenant Ellis, of the Third Wisconsin, agreed to meet me with 40 men. June 17, sent 13 men, whose horses were least serviceable, with team to Germantown, with orders to stay there until I came or sent for them; took the remainder, 26 men and 2 citizens (making an aggregate of 29 men), and crossed the Osage at Parks' Mills, a few miles above Papinsville,a nd took up the west side of the river to the foot of the island, where we arrived about 11 a. m. Lieutenant Ellis sent 5 men to inform me that, owing to a call for men to scout below, he was unable to assist me. After resting the horses I concluded to make the scout alone, and crossed onto the island; found it an ugly place, but scouted one side of it without finding any fresh sign of bushwhackers. Crossed the river into the main Marais des Cygnes timber and scouted up it several miles; then struck across for the Miami in the direction of Butler.

On the Miami we struck a trail and followed it half an hour; came on to a small bushwhackers' camp. One of my men exposed his horse to view before the dismounted men got in range, and 5 or the bushwhackers escaped on their horses. One came riding into the ravine a moment after reading a book, and was fired on, but the greater portion of the carbines missed fire as usual and he escaped, though wounded. The leaves of the book he was reading, were sprinkled with blood. We found six coats, a euchre deck dealt out, some flour, meal, cooking utensils, &amp;c., all of which we destroyed or brought away. We pursued the fugitives until near dark, when we found they had scattered out across Hog Skin Prairie. Marched from there to Gilbreth's, on Panther Creek, where we arrived about midnight, having marched over 50 miles since morning. June 18, quartered the men on the settlers for rations and forage, having been without either since the morning of the 17th. Marched to Germantown, 8 miles, and, being unable to procure rations and forage, moved to Johnstown, and quartered the men on the citizens in that vicinity. Privates Thomas Ward and Myron Tuttle, Company L, left for Harrisonville without orders. June 19, marched to Harrisonville without seeing a fresh bushwhacker sign along the route, where we arrived about 5 p. m., having been out of rations three days. During the scout we traveled about 260 miles, broke up two camps of bushwhackers, killed 3 of them, wounded 2, and gave them all a scare they will not forget. Except 1 man, who was accidentally wounded at Germantown, I have no casualties to report of either men or horses. The behavior of the men was excellent throughout.

In closing I would respectfully suggest that pack animals would be much better than a wagon for a few days' scout. It takes half of a small command to protect a wagon while the other half are scouting, and then it is not always safe 60 miles from any support. I would also urge that measures be taken to arm us with some reliable carbines. My experience with those we now have is that they are almost sure never to go when they ought to. I am not sure but a part of the fault lies in the ammunition, which is inferior, especially the caps, to that we used to get for the Springfield rifled musket.

With much respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

C. B. VAUGHAN,

First Sergt. Company L, Second Colo. Cav., Commanding Scout.

Captain EDWARD D. BOYD,

Commanding Post, Harrisonville.

