
JUNE 9, 1864.- Affair near Breckinridge, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew J. Swain, Sixty-fifth Missouri Enrolled Militia.

CHILLICOTHE, June 9, 1864.

Two of my men have just arrived. My men arrived in the Weldon neighborhood about 1 o'clock this a. m. Five of them went to E. E. Weldon's and 5 to Widow Weldon's, the mother of the escaped prisoner. They crept up close to the house, placed a man on guard, and the balance secreted themselves behind a fence to watch for the expected party. About daylight this morning horsemen were heard coming, and when they were in proper distance were hailed by the guard; the party paid no attention to the challenge but fired on the guard; the guard returned the fire and ran to his comrades. A general engagement then ensued; 2 of my men were slightly wounded, Captain Givens, of the Caldwell County Enrolled Missouri Militia, was killed, and 2 more of the citizens badly wounded.

A. J. SWAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain GEORGE A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Joseph, Mo.

JUNE 9-14, 1864.- Scout from Cassville, Mo., to Cross Hollow, Ark.

Report of Major Jeremiah Hackett, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

CASSVILLE, MO., June 15, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report: Leaving Cassville on the 9th instant, I proceeded secretly in the direction of Cross Hollow. About 12 miles from Cassville I encamped. Nothing occurred during the march or halt worthy of note. June 10, I continued the march to within 5 miles of Cross Hollow, and encamped. Here 2 bushwhackers were seen by my pickets and fired upon. June 11, continued the march as far as Fitzgerald Mound, where the telegraph was entirely destroyed for more than one-half mile. At Cross Hollow also it was cut in several places, to which place (Cross Hollow) I returned and encamped. June 12, returned as far as Sugar Creek, where the wire was destroyed for more than one-quarter mile, poles dug up and insulators broken up. I encamped here. June 13, I made with the cavalry of my command a scout to the east of the road as far as Packet's Mills, on Prairie Creek. Saw 4 men, well mounted and armed, who on sight of my command scattered and escaped. Crops are looking fine in this vicinity. I returned and intersected the Wire road at Pea Ridge; overtook the infantry at the head of Little Sugar Creek, where I encamped, catching 2 women, Mrs. and Miss. Gibson, engaged in an attempt to break the telegraph wire near the forks of the Bentonville road. I brought the women with me, prisoners. I received no reliable information except what has already been communicated.

I have the honor to be, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEREMIAH HACKETT,

Major, Second Arkansas Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel HUGH CAMERON, Commanding Post, Cassville.

63 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

