
JUNE 10, 1864.- Affair near Saint James, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Odon Guitar, Missouri State Militia.

ROLLA, MO., June 11, 1864.

MAJOR: About 4 p. m. yesterday Captain Herring and Lieutenant Roberts, Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, stationed at Saint James, riding out near their camp, encountered a gang of 25 rebels in the act of crossing the railroad, dressed in Federal uniform. They were fired upon and Captain Herring seriously wounded.* The gang was pursued and scattered. Five came back to Dillon and set fire to two box-cars, and were in the act of firing the tank when scouts returning from here came upon them, drove them off, capturing 3 of their horses, one being a horse captured by them from Lieutenant Roberts. No other damage was done the road as far as I can learn.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 10-15, 1864.- Scout from Sedalia to Renick's Farm, Mo.

Report of Captain Wilson L. Parker, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR SEDALIA, MO. June 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that I started on the 10th instant on a scout with seven days' rations. I left Sedalia at 12 m. with 42 men; proceeded via Georgetown to Longwood. The first 7 miles rough and rocky; 10 miles good road. Plenty of water and wood; forage scarce. Camped 2 miles north of northeast on Hess Creek; good camping ground. Sent out 12 men and 3 non-commissioned officers with instructions to guard some cross-roads. distance marched, 17 miles. Morning of the 11th, received orders by courier to proceed to Marshall and investigate the report of bushwhackers being at the Renick farm, 12 miles northwest of Marshall, attack and destroy them if possible. I broke camp at 5.30 a. m., marched north of northwest to Marshall. Road good; plenty of timber and water; forage scarce. Arrived at Marshall at 11 o'clock a. m.; distance marched, 18 miles. Left Marshall at 11 o'clock at night; marched with muffled sabers; arrived at Renick's farm shortly after daylight the 12th. Could not find an enemy or the sign of one. Fed and got breakfast; went to Mr. Ney's (a good Union man, who lives in sight) to learn the facts in the case. He told me there had been none at the Renick farm. Camped near the river in thick brush; marched 18 miles. Sent Lieutenant Brown with a squad of men on foot down the river in the timber to watch the roads and the Pinnacles. At night I sent two non-commissioned officers with 12 men to guard crossings; saw no enemy. Marched 17 miles. 13th, broke camp at 5 a. m.; moved through the timber to the Pinnacles. Sent Lieutenant Brown with 30 men with instructions to divide his men and scour the hills thoroughly. Sergeant Sapp was in command of one squad. He found a trail;

---------------

*Died of wound.

---------------

