
followed it to the house of Mrs. Haney; saw 2 men run out of the house at the back door over the fence in the brush, about 100 yards from the house; found in the house a rebel mail and a quantity of merchandise, supposed to have been stolen. Found 2 horses in front of the house 150 yards; at the camp took the mail, horses, goods, and one U. S. mail-bag; arrested Mrs. Haney, two Misses Haney, one Miss Williams, who said they had fed bushwhackers and would again, and gloried in bushwhackers; left Mrs. Haney's; started north; met 2 bushwhackers at a sudden turn in the road; they fired on Sergeant Sapp; he returned the fire; they ran; Sapp gave chase, ran them in the prairie, and then lost them; camped at Mrs. Robinson's, 6 miles from old camp. Sent out at night 20 men on foot in command of Sergeants Patton and Beeks, to guard house and roads; saw 1 bushwhacker, fired at him; can't tell if he was hit or not. 14th, marched to Marshall; plenty of wood, water, and forage; road good. Camped at Marshall all night. Distance marched, 15 miles. 15th, broke camp at 5.30 a. m.; marched for Sedalia; road good, plenty of wood and water; forage scarce. Arrived at Sedalia at 3.30 p. m.; distance marched, 35 miles. Whole distance, 109 miles.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. PARKER,

Captain Company C, 4th Cav., M. S. M., Commanding Scout.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Fourth Cav., M. S. M., Commanding 1st and 2nd Sub-Districts.

JUNE 10-23, 1864.- Operations in the District of Central Missouri.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.*

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 21, 1864.

We have had several successful affairs with the guerrillas on the borders of Jackson and La Fayette in the past ten days, killing Colonel Dick Yeager, who, with orders, led the guerrillas when we lost 12 men near Kingsville and 8 men with the train near Lexington.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 23, 1864.

I have the honor to report a skirmish west of Lexington with about 70 guerrillas-3 killed and 5 wounded. We had 23 men in this affair, and only lost 2 horses. Two skirmishes on the 21st on the line of Jackson County by Captain Burris-nothing. Colonel Ford reports this evening numerous small band on the border, but no concentration learned of. Balance of the district reported quiet, except a small band on Grand River.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See also Wyckoff's report of skirmish near Kingsville, Mo., p. 1001.

---------------

