14                                           THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          December 4,
Stock, and the sum of $i ,882,500 invested in dif-
ferent canal stocks; and the proceeds of the sales
of which, if authorized in any unexpected defi-
ciency, would, iu most cases, prove amply suffi-
cient, without any resort to an increased tariff.
On the contrary, neither of the available balances
estimated to be on hand in 1835 or 1836, after
deducting what will be wanting for outstanding
appropriations, can probably exceed a million.
Should the surplus, without that deduction, prove
to be about six millions, as estimated, the under-
signed respectfully submits that it will require
no legislation,as that amount has been about the
average usual balance retained on hand for many
years—abalance that has furnished great facilities
in meeting all claims, even at the remotest points,
with punctuality and good faith, afforded much
stability and elevation to our public credit, by
providing seasonably the moans for a punctilious
fulfillment of contracts, and yielded so great secu-
rity against sudden evils of every kind in finan-
cial affairs, as to render one of near that amount
provident and economical; and especially so at
this moment, when any surplus which may exist
will accrue under a permanent compromise of the
tariff, that contains within itself a provision to
reduce still further the duties, and undoubtedly
the whole amount of our revenue after the close
of the coming year.
It is a source of sincere congratulation, from
the general prosperity of our commerce, and from
the peace, industry, and abundance, which so
widely prevail over our fortunate country, under
its admirable institutions, that researches are
obliged" to be directed rather to the due reduction
or disposition of any occasional surplus that may
happen to exist in the Treasury, than to obtain
sufficient for public purposes by taxation and
other burdens. But under our altered system as
to duties, and the public debt, it will be prudent
to calculate that deficiencies, as well as surpluses,
may happen oftener than formerly. In the opinion
of the undersigned, however, neither can be soon
anticipated, so as to require immediate legislation.
Eut should Congress think differently, no harm
could arise from vesting a power in the Treasury
Department, in case of an unexpected deficiency
occurring in the revenue from any cause what-
ever, to sell such portion of our public stocks as
may be necessary to supply the public wants
growing out of actual appropriations. In a con-
tingency of that kind, against which, in the
preseiHsystom of our revenue, and withouta large
ordinary surplus to be applied as it can be spared,
or not, for the payment of a public debt, in the
manner heretofore practiced, it is difficult to guard
effectually against not only the occurrence of a
deficiency, but its usual evils, a delay, if not great
embarrassment and injury to publiccreditors, and
a violation of our plighted faith. At the same
time, it might be expedient to provide that, when-
ever the collections of the revenue, permanently
authorized, should prove to be m an excess not
immediately needed, or useful as a proper surplus
in the Treasury, the Department should either
obtain interest for it of the banks where the
largest amounts are long deposited, or invest it
temporarily in some safe stocks, till needed, or
till the tariff is again changed. This would prob-
ably secure a due interest on it while retained,
instead of the present and past modes of obtaining
interest on any occasional surplus, by applying
it in discharge of the public debt; and which
mode, since the payment of the latter, can no
longer be pursued.
Should facts occur, which appear to require le-
gislation, such an arrangement, like a regulator
in some large or complicated machinery, remedy-
ing any occasional irregulaiities, might operate
more beneficially as to any considerable excess or
deficiency, than yearly changes of the tariff, made
to meet yearly vibrations in our revenue, or to
meet yearly reductions or augmentations in our
expenditures. This subject of interest from the
deposit banks, at some rate, and under some cir-
cumstances, was adverted to ill a report by a com-
mittee in one House of Congress the last session,
and would, at this time, be more fully examined
in connection with that report, and the subsequent
intimation of the United States Bank, of its claim
for damages on account of the late removal of the
deposits, connected, it is apprehended, with the
idea of a profit or interest derived from them,
were ¿t supposed that either point could, in the
present'eondition of things, be considered of any
practical importance. But the balance of money
at present on hand,as before remarked, is merely
the usual and convenient amount for current fiscal
operations, and most of it is liable at any moment
to be withdrawn to meet existing appropriations.
While the intimation of the bank, resting, as it
probably must, on an impression that the bonus
was paid instead of interest on the public de-
posits, is not believed to be supported by the lan-
guage or spirit of the charter, which required the
bonus "for the exclusive privileges and benefits
conferred by this act on the bank," and which
exclusive favors, whether termed privileges or ben-
efits, consisted principally in the sole right of
banking for twenty years, and for which alone,
Mr. Madison, in his veto of 1815, and Mr. Dallas,
in his letter, December 24, 1815, thought " that
a bonus should be paid to the Government."
The letter further observed that, " Independent
' of the bonus here proposed to be exacted, there
' are undoubtedly many public advantages to be
1 drawn from the establishment of a national
•' bank, but they are generally of an incidental
' kind, and, as in the case of the deposits, and distri-
' bution of the revenue, may be regarded in the
' light of equivalents, not for the monopoly of the
' charter, but for the reciprocal advantages of a
' fiscal connection with the Government."
If the reasons should ever bo presented to this
Department in support of the late intimation of a
demand for damages for the removal of the depos-
its, in a case where the bonus was claimed and
paid on the above grounds, and where the right
to remove the deposits was expressly reserved in
the charter to the officer removing them—it will
then probably be in  season  to enter more fully
mho this collateral question: or should the balance
in the possession of the State banks, at any time,
become much larger than the current demands
existing against the Treasury, it will, if Congress
do not earlier think proper to act on it prospect-
ively, nor to authorize any temporary investment
of it, be then considered necessary and proper for
this Department to examine in what cases, and
under what circumstances, on what surpluses,
and at what rate, interest could equitably be de-
manded, in addition to the useful duties performed
by the selected banks in behalf of the Treasury.
On these points, however, it is hoped that this
Department will  not be  understood  as recom-
mending that taxes should ever be imposed with
a view to permit a large surplus, any more than
a deficiency, to occur; but that, when the former
unexpectedly and unintentionally  happens, an
income should be realized from it, by interest or
an   investment, until, at the  end of every few 1
years, a thorough revision of the tariff would, in i
the pursuit of this policy, be made, and so gradu- '
ated as, during the next succeeding term, to be :
likely to correct any great irregularities, whether \
excesses or deficiencies, that had happened during ¡
the preceding term, and to lead to the  sale and I
use of any interest or investments, which, in the ;
mean time, had accumulated?                                    ■
Those other questions, naturally connected
with the present deposit banks, and,'intlped, with !
our whole existing system .of finance, so far as !
regards the keeping and disbursing of the public :
money, might here be appropriately considered I
Yet, without any desire to avoid, but rather from I
a wish to submit tl at full and frank discussion !
of them which their acknowledged importance ■
and the exciting interest in them demand from the i
fiscal department of the Government, they will be \
postponed toaseparatesupplementalreport,which i
will be confined exclusively to their considera-¡
tion, and will soon be presented to Congress. j
It appears to the undersigned that a change in :
the commencement of the fiscal year, and of the
time at which the annual appropriation began, '
would be a great improvement in the financial
operations of the Government. If the year was
to commence after the last day of March, instead
of September, and the annual appropriations •
begin fiom the same date, many delays and em- :;
barrassments would be avoided, and the inform- :¡
ation on the condition of the receipts and ex- ! i
penditures of the previous year,.to he laid before ! i
Congress each session, could be much more full ,!
and accurate.                                                               <;
Upon the subject of the now coinage of gold, ¡!
and the operation of the acts of the last session
relating to it, and the value and tender of foreign
coins, this Department docs not, until further
experience is bad, contemplate offering many
recommendations for new legislation. A partic-
ular suggestion deemed proper is, that the one
dollar gold coin, originally embraced in the late
act, should be authorized. If found on trial to
be convenient, as small gold coins have been
found, some of less and some of little larger
amount, in Portugal, Russia, Spain, Turkey, and
Switzerland, it does not seem to comport with the
interest and welfare of the community to prevent
its coinage and circulation here; and if not found
on trial to be useful, the sagacity of self-interest
will soon lead to the abandonment of its coinage,
by making no demand for it. Thus the com-
munity can in no event sustain much, if any,
injury from it; while the facilities of the public,
by having a coin of either metal, gold or silver,
as small as one dollar, may be greatly increased.
I'his kind of legislation, with a view to provide a
full supply and variety of coin, instead of bills
below five and ten dollars, is particularly condu-
cive to the security of the poor and middling
classes—who, as they own but little in, and profit
but little by, banks, should be subjected to aa
small a risk as practicable by their bills.
The wealthy and commercial, for whose ben-
efit chiefly banks are instituted, will then chiefly
use their bills, and suffer by them, if forged or
depreciated; while the laboring classes, and men
of small property, will, by the justice and paternal
I care of the Government, generally be provided
with a currency of hard money, not exposed to
any risk of failures, and to be used for all deal-
ings of such an amount as their daily or weekly
wants may in most cases require.
The new coinage has as yet been confined prin-
cipally to the half and quarter  eagles, and   has
equaled in all about $3,114,090; or in four months
more than four times the annual average coinage
of gold for many years past.    The demand for
other coins has also been promptly met through-
out the year.    To aid in carrying the new law
into efficient operation, this Department, last Au-
gust, placed in -the hands of the Director of the
Mint, under theact of April 2,1792, twenty thou-
sand dollars, and ten thousand more in Septem-
ber, as it was needed, and could be, without in-
convenience, spared from the Treasury.    By this
course, many have been enabled at once to realize
funds from their deposit of bullion or coin, and
the Mint to continue its operations uninterrupt-
edly, and to supply promptly where desired coins
already prepared for circulation.    The strong dis-
position of the public to use the new coinage has
been observed with pleasure; and the liberal aid
of many of the deposit banks in.assisting to in-
crease its circulation has proved very useful, and
deserves commendation.     As the  new coinage
commenced nearly in the middle of the year, and
the date till next January could not, by law, be
altered so as to distinguish the new from the old
com, such other alterations were adopted by the
Director of the Mint as the law permitted, and as
were calculated to aid the community in readily
discriminating between them.
!     After the next year begins, the new date alone
j will  enable  the  public   to   distinguish   the   new
: coins; and such modifications only will be made
j in the former emblems as taste and convenience
j may, in the opinion of the Director, and without
i an omission of anything required  by Congress,
1 appear to demand.    His report, which it is ex-
pected will soon be received and presented, will
probably furnish every  further particular con- .
nected with the  concerns of the Mint that may
be interesting.    But it is considered proper to in-
vite the attention of Congress to a change in the
law respecting the oigamzation of the Mint es-
tablishment so as hereafter to prevent its opera-
tions in refining and coining for others from being
a tax on  the Treasury, and any longer swelling
the large amount  of our   annual  expenditures.
This could easily be effected by imposing a duty
or seignorage of about one per cent, on tlnfprompt
coinage  of silver,  and one  fourth  per cent, on
that of gold; the present coinage of copper now .
defraying its own expense.    This would be no
more burdensome to the persons holding bullion
than the delay now allowed for the recoiuagf,and
which delay of forty days, (or half per cent, dis-
