18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. BARBER, of Connecticut;
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode'Island;
Messrs. WARDWELL, FILLMORE, HAL
SEY, BEARDSLEY, WARD, and MANN, of
New York;
[Mr. Ward presented the petition of Jonathan
Ward, Samuel Young,-and William A. Weaver.]
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey;
•   Messrs CHAMBERS, SUTHERLAND, and
BEAUMONT, of Pennsylvania;
Mr. HEATH., of Maryland;
Messrs. CHINN, PATTON, LOYALL, and
GHOLSON, of Virginia;
•    Mr. WAYNE, of Georgia;
Messrs. POPE, MARSHALL, LYON,
JOHNSON, and "LETCHER, of Kentucky;
_ [Mr. Pope presented a petition of numerous
citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, praying for the
establishment of a district court at that place;
whjch was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, the petition of Joseph Chilton and outers,
which was referred.]
.  Mr. VINTON, of Ohio;
Mi. GARLAND and JOHNSON, of Louis-
iana;
Mr. CAGE, of Mississippi;
Messrs. CLAY and MARDIS, of Alabama;
[Mr Clay presented the memorial of the Ten-
nessee canal commissioners, for the construction
of a canal around the Muscle Shoals, setting forth
the progress already made in that work, and the
necessity for a further appropriation to complete
the same, which they request shall be made;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Isaac
Wellborn, Jr., praying the passage of ¡in act to
confirm his title to a tract of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of John Mc-
Cartney, praying compensation for property de-
stroyed, or carried off Indian territory, by United
States troops; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
_ Mr. Maedis presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Pickens and Sumptcr, praying for a
repeal of so much of the existing preemption
laws as restricts the rights of occupants to convey
their lands, &c; which petition was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri;
[Mr. Ashley presented the petition of Mary
MeNair, praying remuneration for Indian depre-
dations;
The petition of Thomas Bazzell, praying remu-
neration for a horse lost in the service of the
United States;
The petition of James Ruby, praying a dona-
tion of land; which weie refencd.]
Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolution, submitted on Thurs-
day by Mr. Wabdwell, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to report to this House the amount ex-
pended in erecting the ship-house at Navy Point
in the county of Jefferson, and State of New
York, and the expense of keeping the same in
repair. Also, the like information in relation to
the vessel built and lately sold at Storr's harbor,
m said county, and the amount of compensation
allowed to the officer or officers, person or persons
who have from time to time had-charge of the
same. Also, the reasons, if any exisf, for the
further preservation of the vessel and ship-house
at Navy Point. Also, that he report the amount
heretofore paid for the use and occupation of the
land now belonging to the heirs of Henry Eck-
ford, deceased,at Navy Point andStorr's harbor,
on which the vessels New Orleans and Chippewa
were built, and also the terms of any contract
which may have been made with the Government,
or its authorized agent, for the use and occupa-
tion of such land.
Mr. WHITE moved the following amendment,
which was accepted by Mr. Ward well; and thus
amended, the resolution was agreed to:
"And any other information in possession of
the Department relative thereto."
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts, it was
Resolved, That a committee of three members
be appointed on the part of this House, who, to-
gether with three persons to be appointed on the
part of the Senate, shall direct the expenditure
of the money appropriated for the Library of
Congress.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of establishing
a branch of the Mint in some central position of
what is denominated the Gold Region, lying be-
tween the States of Virginia and Alabama.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed whose
duty it shall be to consider all matters referred to
them touching the puhlic grounds and buildings
in the city of Washington, with leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of providing by law for the publication,
semi-annually, in those newspapers printed in the
respective States, which from their location may
be best calculated to give information, and which
shall be designated for that purpose by the Sec-
retary of War, for the time being, the names and
the. residence of all those persons represented to be
living in said States, who are on tile rolls of the
invalid and revolutionary pensioners and annui-
tants, under the several acts of Congress.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Wand,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Wickford, in the State of Rhode Island, to New- '
port, in the same State, by the most direct course
from one place to the other.
REVENUE ON IMPORTED  MERCHANDISE.
Mr. BEATY moved the following resolution;
which was read, and laid upon the table for one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to send to this House the aggre-
gate amount of revenue collected on imported
merchandise, tonnage, &c, in each State of this
Union, for the year 1833.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HAWRS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting
of one member from each State, be appointed,
with power to inquire into the expediency of
ame«ding the laws relating to the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, in the State of New York,
or whether it would not comport with the pub-
lic interests to abolish said institution.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped that this inquiry would
not be denied. An impression had gone abroad,
that this institution was a nursery for the sons
of members of Congress, and the" rich. If this
impression was true, it ought to be abolished.
Its benefits were said to be extended to the fa-
vored few, to the exclusion of the sons of poor
soldiers and officers. He would not say that these
charges were true; but the suspicions which were,
in circulation demanded that a full inquiry into
the subject should be made.                                      j
Mr. HA WES remarked, that the rumors!
referred to by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. '
Clayton] demanded this inquiry. The minds of '
his constituents were made up on this subject, j
and he believed the constituents of other gentle- I
men felt a deep solicitude in relation to it. The Í
institution lias been held up as pure byits friends; Í
and he trusted that n  gentleman who had abused !
the Bank of the United States, because a full in- i
quiry was denied to a committee of this House, Í
would oppose the investigation proposed in the '
resolution.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the resolution   !
by striking out so much as related to abolishing i
the Academy; and also that the committee should I
consist of one member from each State.    He su"-
gested  that a select committee  composed of ^a
more limited number would bosufficient. and that
the clause in relation to the abolishment of the'in-
stitution was unnecessary, as, upon the report of
the committee, the House could take such steps
as the facts disclosed might render proper.
Mr. SPEIGHT was in favorof the amendment
so far as regarded the abolishment of the Acad-
emy. Heconsidcred thcinquirynecessnry.and, if
the rumors afloat were true, the institution should
be abolished. The committee would, however,
have it in their power to recommend such a meas-
ure, if the facts warranted it. He was in favor of
o large committee, and agreed with the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Hawes,] that those who
favored the investigation of the affairs of the Bank
of the United States ought not to oppose the con-
templated inquiry. It was true, the subject had
heretofore been referred' to the Committee on
Military Affairs; but complaint had been made,
that, in consequence of a majority of that commit-
tee being in favor of the West Point Academy, a
full investigation into its affairs had not taken
place. He considered the present a simple mat-
ter of inquiry, and he trusted all objection to its
adoption would be withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said, that the
Committee on Military Affairs, at the last session,
after a thorough investigation, had made a full
report on this subject, but, owing to the press of
business, he did not believe that ten members of
the House were either aware of this ftTct, or had
read the report. Pie was sorry at all times to
interpose any objection to motions made by his
colleague; but he was not in favor of abandoning
the usual practice of referring subjects which
appropriately belonged to the standing commit-
tees to select committees. As regarded the prop-
osition to raise a select committee, to consist of
so large a number, it was unusual; and in the
course of a long service in Congress he did not
recollect that such a course had been adopted on
more than one or two occasions. He had no
objection to a select committee of seven or nine
members. It had been suggested that a majority
of the Committee on Military Affairs were in
favor of this Academy. If so, they could be
instructed by the House. In relation to the
rumors which had been referred to, he knew
nothing of them, and regarded all rumors as the
idle wind. He was satisfied the fullest investi-
gation would result in nothing prejudicial to those
who conducted the Academy, and that the greater
the scrutiny into its affairs, it would be the more
approved by the American people.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that an inquiry might
as properly be made as to the propriety of abol-
ishing the Army. One was just as essential to
the military defense as the other. If, however,
rumors injurious to the institution were in cir-
culation, it was proper that they should be in-
quired into. If true, and abuses existed, they
should be corrected. If untrue, they should be
refuted. The Committee on Military Affairs
was the proper one to make this investigation.
That committee was technically and practically
better accjuainted with the subject. He doubted
whether the present rule for the admission of
persons into this Academy was a good one; and
if this was changed, it was pro-bable that all
objections \vould cease. He would vote for the
resolution in any shape; but viewing the Alilitary
Committee as the proper one to make the investi-
gation, he moved to amend the resolution by so
referring it.
Mr. BROWN hoped the amendment of the
gentleman from North  Carolina would prevail.
He was the friend of the Military Academy, and
he sincerely hoped that no one entertaining sim-
ilar sentiments would throw any obstacle in the
way of a full, free, and searching inquiry into its
utility, and the administration of its affairs.    A
select committee of one member from each State,
would look at the institution standing separatcand
alone, and unconnected with the Army, of which
it was most certainly a very essential part.     It
was, in fact, the foundation upon.which, in a great
measure, rested one system of public defense, and
it should be regarded and examined in connection
with the whole  subject.    It, therefore, prooeily
belonged  to the Committee on  Military Affairs,
which was raised by the rules of the House for
the express purpose of investigating all questions
of a military character.    He  should, therefore,
prefer to have the inquiry made by that committee.
I he Military Academy was a national institution,
and if there was any question or doubt in the
public mind as to the propriety of its future exist-
ence, the very best way to remove all such doubts
was to make public all the light and information
which can be obtained upon the subject.    He had
supposed that it had been fully investigated.  The
