24                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        December 9,
of the United States are Governments founded on
public opinion, and sustained by popular senti-
ments and popular feelings. Who says nay to
this proposition ? None—no not one. _ It ought
to be remembered, that a majority of eight only
were against the necessary appropriation, at the
time the question was first taken in the Cham-
bers. It cannot be forgotten that the King has
pledged himself to present it at the next meeting
of the Chambers, and again urge the necessity of
the appropriation; and we know that it is his
fixed purpose to do all in his power to have the
claim adjusted. With a knowledge of these
facts, shall we indulge for one single moment in
the language of menace, and provoke a war with
France, our oldest and most steady friend?—a
people who stood by us in the hour of peril and
danger, who mingled their blood and treasure
with the blood and treasure of our fathers, in
fighting for the liberties of our beloved country ?
This great citadel of republican government was
erected by the joint efforts of our fathers and the
French people. Were I to experience for a mo-
ment other than a wish for eternal peace between
France and the United States, some ghost smeared
with blood would rise from the plains of Mon-
mouth to upbraid me. Do not draw wrong con-
clusions from what I say. I am the advocate of
peace. An eloquent writer has well said—the
heart that can mourn over the havoc and desola-
tion of tho fields of battle is closely allied to the
arm that is ever ready to protect innocence from
outrage, and society from oppression. It is the
emblem of moral courage—the daring to do what
is right.
Sir, is it inconsistent with genuine courage,
before you enter into a contest, either as private
men or public functionaries, to calculate the con-
sequences that will follow? Sir,ours is the most
commercial nation on earth, except Great Britain.
Our merchant vessels are incessantly wafting the
productions of our soil from the frozen belt that
encircles the northern pole, to the sandy bars
•vhich environ the antarctic circle. At this mo-
ment the surface of the ocean is whitened with the
fails which cover her millions of American prop-
erty. Declare war to-morrow, and two months
will not have elapsed before all the unemployed
shipping of other countries would apply to France
for letters of marque and reprisal, and under the
French flag pounce down upon and sweep this
vast commerce from the ocean. Then in a brief
period would be presented to your eyes the mel-
ancholy spectacle of your commerce ruined, your
surplus produce unsold, your seaport towns lan-
guishing, and every village and cottage from
Maine to Georgia withering before the blighting
effects of war. Mr. Chairman, let me here say
to you, that the American people should be the
last on earth to go to war, and for this plain rea-
son: they have more at stake than any other.
Our Government is the admiration of tho whole
world. No people among civilized nations enjoy
a higher degree of freedom and happiness; none
who have their civil and religious liberties better
secured. This Government, administered in its
purity, is an ample shield, behind which the peo-
ple may stand in the full enjoyment of all the
hopes of freemen; nor are we, Mr. Chairman,
alone interested in the success of our Govern-
ment. The enlightened and liberal m every por-
tion of the earth pray for the preservation of our
political Institutions. Already have foreigners
come here to study our laws, and have gone
home with their minds richly imbued with liberal
principles, and have been enabled greatly to ame-
liorate the condition of their own countrymen.
Mr. C, said he felt that, the mild and philosoph-
ical principles he was enforcing were in perfect
accordance with the principles of the American
Government, and would receive the sanction of
the enlightened district which he was proud to
represent.
He said he felt certain that, in the vote he should
give, he should represent the feelings and wishes
of his constituents. He was well satisfied that, if
the naked question was submitted to them, their
high, sense of" justice and morality would revolt
at the idea of this Government seizing by force
the private property of the citizens of France, to
indemnify some speculating meichants for losses
sustained under the Berlin and Milan decrees of
France, made by way of self-preservation against
the unlawful Orders in Council of Great Britain,
in declaring not only the ports of France, but |
those of neutral nations, in a state of blockade.
It would not be forgotten that the United States,
by the passage of her non-intercourse law, adopt-
ed measures of retaliation, and thus lessened her
claim to indemnification for spoliations under the
Berlin and Milan decrees. They could justly claim
indemnity for spoliations committed upon prop-
erty after the repeal of those decrees by the
French Government.
Mr. Chairman, I believe the French owe us
fairly more than, twenty-five millions of francs.
You are aware, however, that the French Gov-
ernment, at no time before the establishment of
the Government of July, acknowledged that they
owed this Government more than two and a half
millions of dollars, and against this sum that they
claimed an offset for what they conceived a viola-
tion on the part of this Government of the eighth
article of the treaty of 1803, between France and
the United .States, stipulating that French vessels
should be received in the ports of Louisiana upon
I the terms of the most favored nations, which they
contend was violated when they were not put
upon the same footing with those of Great Brit-
ain, after the treaty of Ghent. When such diffi-
culties have grown up between us, (said Mr. C.,)
what is the course to be pursued? Í answer and
say, let us address the French Government in the
language of friendship—let us say to them, " We
believe you owe us twenty-five millions of francs;
you have agreed by treaty to pay us that sum.
If you complain that you were under a misap-
prehension of facts—point out errors; we are
ready.to correct them—we want only our due,
and we feci you are too magnanimous, when you
are satisfied of the true amount due, to with-
hold it." The people of France certainly must
desire to be in peace and amity with us—I have
confidence that justice will be done us by the
French Government—that the interruption of
good feeling will be momentary, and will pass
away, and be succeeded by days and years, and
I hope centuries, of brotherly love. Good Amer-
icans and good Frenchmen desire this state of
thmgs; and that the peace now happily existing
may exist forever is my most ardent wish. I
could, sir, have said a great deal more, but less
was impossible.
Mr. WAYNE, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, observed that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Georgia to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from North Carolina,
to refer to the Committee on Foreign Affairs so
much of the message as relates to our concerns
with foreign nations, was improper as to time,
and in its matter. He thought discussion now
upon the subject to which the amendment relates
would be premature, and might do much harm,
indeed, if the admissions made by the gentleman
in his remarks could in any event be taken as the
sense of tile House, or of any portion of the
people of this nation, much injury would be done
to those who were interested in the faithful and
speedy performance by Frarlfee of the stipulations
of the treaty of 4th July, 1831. But the gentle-
man's admissions would have no response in this
nation. He proposes to terminate all inquiry
into the affair, and to prevent any action by Con-
gress upon the message, by instructing the com-
mittee to report that it is expedient to await the
farther action of the French Chambers—and his
reason is, that the postponement of voting money
for the payment of the installments due by the
treaty has arisen from the delicate and important
character of the claims referred, and>tho peculiar
complexity of the principles involved in their ad-
justment. In other words, that the French legis-
lators have been for two years and a half discuss-
ing principles which they do not understand, and
still require time to enable them to come to a cor-
rect conclusion. And yet the gentleman, with
nothing before him but a report of the discus-
sions of the Chamber of Deputies, without any
of the correspondence between the two Govern-
ments, since the failure upon the part of France
to discharge her obligations under the treaty,had,
in two or three shoit days, been able to unravel
tho intricacy of the whole affair, and so satisfac-
torily to himself, that lie proposes to substitute
the results of his happy ability for the examina-
tion of the committee, and the more deliberate
judgment of the House. It would have been
well at least, and a prudent man would, cither for II
| censure or praise, as he might be disposed, have
postponed his conclusion, until he had ascertained
how far the message, relating to this affair, could be
sustained by the correspondence between the two
Governments since the ratification of the treaty.
It would have occurred to another, that the affair,
as presented to the nation by the message, im-
posed upon Congress the necessity of inquiring
into facts, with a view of determining upon the
propriety of the President's suggestions, and car-
rying them out, or of devising some other means
to secure the rights of those for whose benefit the
treaty had been made. Congress had now be-
come the guardians of the rights of our citizens,
vested in them by a treaty, which France must
perform, or for which the United States, as a
nation, must receive an indemnity, at some time
or other, to the full extent of its original obliga-
tions, and all the consequences which may ensue
from a refusal by any department of the French
Government to fulfill the stipulations of the treaty,
But the gentleman could only see in the message
a declaration of war, and all the disasters which
follow in the train of war. If his object had been
to fall into the current which, for some days, has
bee.n flowing in a certain channel, to produce the
impression upon the public mind that the Presi-
dent designed to provoke war with France—the
gentleman had taken the proper course to effect
j his intention—notwithstanding he had disclaimed
I any party feeling in his movement. There was
nothing in the message of a warlike character or
threat. AH idea of menace is in terms denied;
and the French character, Government, and peo-
ple, are treated with the respect and regard due
from one nation to another—when either, by put-
ting itself in the wrong, justifies the language of
complaint. Nor is the message without a refer-
ence to those recollections which, if France will
cherish, by doing us justice, the United States
will never forget, nor cease to acknowledge
There is a difference between a firm attitude in
the pursuit of acknowledged rights, and the lan-
guage of menace. The President, after giving a
narrative of all that had taken place since the treaty
had been concluded, recommends, if an appropri-
ation shall not be made by the French Chambers at
their next session, that some legislation shall be
enacted by Congress to meet the predicament in
which we shall be placed by the refusal of France
to pay an acknowledged debt. In anticipation of
that event, the rights of our citizen scan only be sus-
tained by prompt measures. But they are only to
be contingent—until the refusal of France shall be
complete. The refusal has already been as pos-
itive as it can be by one of th? departments of the
French Government. The information received
by us of that fact in May last would have justified
then some ultimate measure of redress; but the
course of the King of the French called for our
forbearance. Since that tune there has been
another meeting of the Chambers; but no appro-
priation was made, nor was any effort made by
j the King or his Ministers to procure one. Then
the Chambers were prorogued to the last week in
i December, and now it is only possible that we
! can have, during this session of Congress, the
j^ result of the King's assurances that it was his
, intention to press the appropriation at the ensuing
! session of the Chambers. Almost three years
j have passed since the appropriation for the first
| installment under the treaty should have been
l made, and since the ratification of the treaty
j there have been five sessions of the Chambers.
j With this procrastination in view, will any one,
having a proper American feeling, and who
I appreciates Government as he should do, by its
ability to give happiness to its citizens at home,
and to obtain for them redress when wronged
by foreign nations—complain of the President
because he has expressed his confidence that no
branch of this Government will, for a moment,
entertain the idea of acquiescing in a refusal to
execute the treaty, or because he has said further
negotiation is out of the question — because,
whilst deprecating the consequences of collision
with France, he has said, in maintaining our
national rights and honor, all Governments are
alike to us?—or for having recommended tho
mildest or only alternative short of war—when
one nation obstinately refuses to pay to another
a liquidated debt? The President has not asked
that the power of authorizing reprisals should be
put into his hands,    lie recommends reprisals,
