1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment would go with the bill, as a matter of
course.
The resolutions were then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, five thousand
extra copies of the report of the Committee on
Public Lands, on the subject of reducing and
graduating the price of the public lands, were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, moved that the bill to provide for the
establishment of the Western Territory, and for
the security and protection of the emigrants and
other Indian tribes therein named, be made the
special order of the day for the first Tuesday in
January: which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GILMER, the foregoing bill
and amendments were ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Jarvis, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to this House
any information he may possess 'respecting the
burning of the building occupied by the Treasury
Department in 1833.                                        *
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Hub-
bard, was ordered to lie on the table for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the House of Rep-
resentatives, as soon as practicable, copies of the
correspondence, not heretofore communicated,
which has taken place between him and the Presi-
dent of the Bank of the United States, on the sub-
ject of the branch drafts, and in relation to the
claim made by the bank for damages, and the
course pursued by that institution on account of
the protest of the bill drawn on the French Gov-
ernment by the Treasury Department.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of New York, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the establishment
of a branch of the Mintof the United Statesat the
city of New York.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the survey of the
river Passaic, in the State of New Jersey, below
the port of Newark, and of the channel of New-
ark bay, and the Kill Vankull, to its termination
in the bay of New York, with a view to improve
the navigation thereof
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH, it was
Resolved, That an additional number of copies
of the amendment to bill No. 334, with the ac-
companying report regulating the pay of the
Navy of the United States, be printed for the use
of this House.
On motion of Mr. P.URD, it was
Rewired, That the Committee on P^oads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing a survey and examination of the
ground from Cumberland, Maryland, via Bed-
ford, to Hollidaysburg, m Huntingdonjjcounty,
Pennsylvania, with a view of connecting the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal with the Pennsylva-
nia canal, by a railroad or turnpike, between the
points aforesaid; and if expedient, that said com-
mittee be instructed to report a bill making a suit-
able appropriation for said object.
On motion of Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, it was
Rewlved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
placing a light-boat in the thoroughfare between
Albemarle and Pamlico sounds.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
constructing a breakwater-at Sullivan's Island,
South Carolina, with a view to the preservation
of the fort and other property thereon.
Resolved, That ihe Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erecting two small additional light-houses at the
bar of Charleston, South Carolina.
On motion of Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill to establish the
Territory of Huron.
Resolved, That the said bill be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a third judicial district m the State
of Tennessee, and of requiring the judge of the
district of east and west Tennessee to hold one
or more terms of said court annually at the town
of Jackson, in said State.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Roadyville, injlutherford county, Tennessee, to
Beech Grove, Bedford county.
On motion of Mr. PEYTON, it was
Resolved, That the  Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a port of entry at Portageville, at the
mouth of the Laurel, on the Cumberland river.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-,
diency of making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of the  Ohio river
between the city of Pittsburg and the falls of the
Ohio.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL, of Ohio, it
was"
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a national armory on the waters of
the Muskingum river, in the State of Ohio,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved the fol-
lowing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the causes
which have retarded the issuing patents in favor
of claimants to lands in the State of Louisiana,
which have been confirmed by virtue of the dif-
ferent acts of Congress which have buen passed
for the adjustment of land claims within the said
State.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from the
town of Opelousas, in the State of Louisiana, to
pass by Washington, Holmesville,and the Bayou
Rouge, to intersect the principal mail route from
i>ígw Orleans to Natchez at such point as may be
deemed most convenient by the Postmaster Gen-
era!.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce.be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the purpose of re-
placing the buoys that were placed on the coast
of Louisiana to mark out the channel from the
vicinity of the light-house on Point au Fer into
the Atchafalaya Bay, which have been sunk, or
been destroyed.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera
tion of bill No. 349, being a bill to grant an addi-
tional quantity of land to the States of Ohio and
Indiana, to aid in the construction of the Wabash
and Erie canal.
Resolved, That the said bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. CARR, it was
Resolved, Thatall the memorials, petitions, &c,
together with an estimate made by Captain Henry
Shrieves, by order of the Secretary of War, of
the probable cost of improving the navigation
through the falls of the Ohio river, and heretofore
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,,
be again so referred, and that said Committee be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the above-named purpose,
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instiacted to inquire into the
propriety of establishing a post route from Bur-
lington, Boone county, Kentucky, to Versailles, in
Ripiey county,Indiana, by the way of Rising Sun,-
in the county of Dearborn.
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
permitting any persons not owners of land" for
actual settlement, and those who are cultivators
and owners of land, to add to his or her farms, to
enteranyquantity of the public land, at fifty cents
per acre, not exceeding one quarter section, pro-
vided such land shall have been offered at public '
sale, and been subject to entry for twenty years'
or upwards, and shall remain unsold at the time
of such entry.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the act entitled "An act to provide for
the payment of claims for property lost, captured,
or destroyei| by the enemy while in the military
service of the United States during tlie late war
with the Indians on the frontiers of Illinois ana
Michigan Territory," approved 30th June, 1834,
«o as to apply the provisions of said act to prop-
erty lost in said service belonging to other per-
sons besides" volunteers, rangers,and cavalry.''
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Ew-
ikg, was ordered to lie on the table for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit, or cause to be trans-
mitted, to this House a list of such land claims
heretofore noted by, or presented to, the com*
missioners authorized to receive and adjust the
same, as may have been decided unfavorably,
and not yet satisfied, in the Vincennes land dis-
trict, with the foundation of the claims and de-
cisions in brief, and such documents in relation
to the subject-matter as he may control and deem
proper.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the justice and ex-
pediency of granting three hundred and twenty
acres of land to the widow and heirs of each per-
son killed by the Indians on the frontiers of
Illinois and Michigan in 1832.
On motion of Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a surveyor general's office in the
State of Illinois, and of appointing a surveyor
general whose duties shall be confined exclu-
sively to that State.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, it was
Resolved, Thnt the Committee oil Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation to establish a marine hos-
pital at or near the mouth of the Ohio river, in
Illinois.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing registers and receivers of land offices
to administer all oaths connected with the sale or
entry of the public lands.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, it was
Resolved, That the reports Nos. 2, 3, and 4 of
the register and receiver of the land office at St.
Stephen, in the State of Alabama, acting as com-
missioner under the third section of the act of
Congress of the 2d of March, 1829, entitled "An
act confirming the reports of the register and
receiver of the land office for the district of St.
Stephen, in the State of Alabama, and for other
purposes," be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
On motion of Mr. MARDIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
permitting all settlers on the public lands of the
United States, who would have been entitled to
enter their improvements at Government price
under the provisions of the existing preemption
laws, and who were prevented from so doing in
consequence of the Government of the United
States selerting their settlements to satisfy Indian
claims to reservations, to enter one hundred and
sixty acres of the public domain in the proper
land district, free from charge, except office fees
On motion of Mr. BULL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
