1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<Si
White,  'Frederick  Whittlesey,  Williams,   and
Wise—11C.
Mr. CROCKETT submitted the following; reso-
lution; which was rejected without a count:
Rewired, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire, and report to this
House, whether the improvement of the naviga-
tion of Obion, Fork Deer, and Hatche rivers,
would be a national object, and if so, what would
be the probable cost of removing the obstructions
to the head of navigation of said rivers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of abolishing- imprisonment for debt.
Mr J. asked the favor of the House to permit
him to make a very few remarks in explanation
of his course on this subject, and in elucidation
of the measure which he had presented for con-
sideration. He remarked, that, notwithstanding
his deep anxiety in relation to this subject, he
had confined his proposition to the District of
Columbia; the inquiry might very naturally be
made, why he did not embrace the whole United
States, as far as the States could be embraced;
for it would be obvious to all, thatany law which
Congress could pass must be confined to the
Federal courts and parties therein. It was not
within the delegation of our powers to legislate
for the State courts and parties therein. Air. J.
said, he had earnestly pursued this subject for
seven years, while a member of the Senate and
of this House, and he bad used his influence in
vain in attempting to induce Congress to abol-
ish imprisonment for debt. His next object was
to obtain an act of Congress, by which the State
laws on this subject should govern and control the
Federal courts in the respective States. Con-
gress yielded this point; we succeeded; and the
execution laws of the States govern the Federal
courts, whether forgood or for evil. This placed
all the States upon State sovereignty and upon
equality with each other. Kentucky had totally
exempted her citizens from imprisonment for
debt, and her law has become the law of the
Federal Judiciary within her own boundary. Let
other States do likewise, if they please. This
humane principle towards debtors was progress-
ing slowly, but, he hoped, surely; and he would
be mistaken if the savage principle were not in a
little time expunged from the code of civilized
nations. He believed Kentucky had done what
no other State in the.Union liad done. She had
abolished the ca. sa., the only writ which could
take the body of the debtor. Imprisonment for
debt was totally and absolutely abolished. There
was no condition or contingency upon which the
body of a debtor could be arrested and imprisoned.
In other States, where this same humane and
liberal spirit prevailed, he regretted extremely
to discover that imprisonment for debt was to be
abolished conditionally, except iii cases of fraud,
not absolutely, as it should he. Mr. J. consid-
ered that very little bad been done where im-
prisonment was abolished upon this or any other
condition. The ways and the means would al-
ways be devised, and will be found out, some
how, to make the abolition of imprisonment for
debt nominal, and thus, under the idea of aboli-
tion, the savage principle is retained in its full
vigor. He contended for absolute and total abo-
lition. His own State, the State of Kentucky,
had acted upon this principle about fourteen
years, ever since 18:21, and the system met with
universal approbation. Kentucky has nobyet
found the necessity of passing laws against fraud-
ulent debtors. Whenever it shall be necessary,
let the crime and its punishment be defined, and
made a part of the criminal code, and not a pai t of
civil proceedings. He believed he might say with
truth that, under the present humane system of
Kentucky, thousands, and tens of thousands, of
dollars more had been paid in the discharge of debts
than would have been under the former barbarous
custom. He said that nomember of the House,
and no citizen of the United States, could imagine
the extent of misery and distress which this
cruel and unreasonable system was now pro-
ducing, slowly, but positively, in the several States
of the Union, although the system was generally
mild compared with what it had been in former
timfes, unless he had access to the annual report of
a benevolent society in Boston, which had kindly
furnished him with their report for the last six
or seven years. If he had the time, and it was
in order, ho would present facts relative to the
subject that would make us blush for our free in-
stitutions in this respect. But to return to his
proposition: it was confined to this District. The
citizens of the place had no legislative power.
Congress had the exclusive legislative jurisdic-
tion of the District, by a grant of power in the
Federal Constitution, and he wished the princi-
ple early established in the history of our coun-
try, that no person should bo imprisoned for debt
within the ten-miles square. He had no doubt
(he said) upon his own mind, that stronger reasons
could be given for abolishing imprisonment for
debt within the District of Columbia than any equal
portion in the United- States, arising from the
nature of the occupations of its inhabitants, the
character of the population, the disfranchisement
of its citizens, and other obvious reasons and
considerations; and a law to abolish imprison-
ment for debt would give all parties—the cred-
itor and the debtor—a notice and a warning
which would be beneficial to all concerned.
In conclusion he would remark, that he had
purposely excluded the States, and confined his
proposition to this District, from a conviction
that Congress would not absolutely abolish im-
prisonment for debt; and unless that was done,
no law upon that subject could pass without in-
jury to his own State, by giving to the Federal
courts a system of executions less liberal, less
humane, and less just, than the system now gov-
erning State and Federal courts within Kentucky.
He felt bound, therefore, to attempt nothing that
would prejudice the citizens of his own State,
while all the States were equally free to adopt her
policy.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McKINLEY submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to bring in a bill to reduce the price
of the public lands to seventy-five cents an acre;
and all lands which have been offered for sale and
remain unsold for more than five, and less than
ten years, to fifty cents an acre; and all lands
which have been offered for sale and remain un-
sold for more than ten and less than fifteen years,
to twenty-five cents an acre; and all lands which
have been offered'for sale and remain unsold for
more than fifteen and less than twenty years, to
twelve and a half cents an acre; and all lands
which have been offered for sale and remain un-
sold more than twenty years and less than
twenty-five years to six and one fourth cents an
acre; and all lands which have been offered for
sale and remain unsold for more than twenty-five
years, to become the property of the States in
which they lie respectively; and all persons who
reside on the public land, and shall have cul-
tivated any portion thereof for one or more years,
to have the right of preemption of one quarter
section, at the price above fixed upon, the class
to which it may belong m the foregoing scale of
graduation.
Mr. WILLIAMS said that there was a bill
pending before the House which embraced the
principles contained in the resolution. It was a
subject of great importance. He saw no propri-
ety m thus prematurely anticipating the action of
the House on the bill; and believing that the dis-
cussion of the resolution at this time would be
time misspent, he moved to lay it on the table;
but he withdrew the motion at the requestof
Mr. McKINLEY, who remarked, that he had
no objection to postpone the consideration of his
resolution for the present, and have it punted.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wil-
liams] was mistaken in supposing that the sub-
stance of his motion was embraced 'in the bill
referred to. He proposed to reduce the price of
all public lands. The bill provided for the grad-
uation of the price of certain lands. The resolu-
tion would bring the subject before the House in
all its aspects. It would test and settle the prin-
ciples and policy of the Government on this ím
portant subject. There was no longer any neces-
sity of considering this matter in reference to
revenue. So far as any pledges had been made,
in regard to the public debt and finances, they
had been redeemed. The question now was,
what should be the future settled policy of the
Government in the disposition of the public lands
—whether or not the poor and indigent should be
allowed to purchase homes upon low and reason-
able terms ? His constituents were interested to
a considerable extent in this matter. He had no
desire to interfere with the bill which had been
alluded to, but he trusted the House would have 
no objection to postpone the consideration of his
motion to a given time—say this day week.
Mr. WILLIAMS had no wish to forestall any
discussion of the subject. He was in favor of a
full and free investigation of it. It must sooner
or later (and perhaps at the present session) be
disposed of. His only object was to prevent a
premature discussion. If wo came to a decision
on the resolution, we must again review the sub-
ject when the bill shall come up.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. McKni-
lev] supposed that, in consequence of the extin-
guishment of the public debt, some final disposi-
tion of the subject of the public lards should be
made. If the gentleman could prove that we
should, not, in future, want anymore revenue,
we might act on the subject without fear or trem-
bling. TheTreasury was said to be full, (although
the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Clayton, had
indicated a very different opinion,) but, in case
of war, he would ask if we would not be com-
pelled to look to the public lands as a necessary
source of revenue ? Upon what other fund could
we so readily rely, as the proceeds of the sales
of the public domain ? He was decidedly in favor
of the present land system. With a view to bring
up the whole subject at the same time, he moved
to postpone the resolution to the 1st day of Jan-
uary, (the day fixed for the consideration of the
bill in relation to the public lands.)
Mr. CLAY thought it premature to enter into
a discussion of the merits of the subject. He
was in favor of the motion to print, and also that
the resolution should be postponed for one week.
If, at the expiration of that time, gentlemen should
desire a further postponement, the House, if it
thought proper, could so order.
Mr. McKINLEY- presumed that gentlemen
would be prepared to act on the subject in the
course of one week. If, however, that should
not be the case, he would not object to a further
postponement to any reasonable time.
Mr. WILLIAMS had no objection to print the
resolution. He did not wish to be taken by sur-
prise on this subject, (he would not, however,
charge the mover of the resolution with any such
intention.) He thought the 1st of January would
be the most proper time for the consideration of
the subject.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the bill, in re-
lation to the public lands, was in •the hands of
the Land Commit tee, or upon the Speaker's table?
On being informed that it was in the House, and
had been made the special order for the 1st day
of January, he suggested to the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Williams] to vary his
motion so as to refer the resolution to the same
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Uniondo which the bill had been referred.^
Mr. WILLIAMS said he heartily acquiesced
in the suggestion just made; and, thus modified,
his motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, inclosing, in pursu-
ance of a resolution, a report and documents in
relation to the expenditures heretofore made for
objects of internal improvements; which, on
motion of Mr. Briggs, was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, made pur-
suant to a resolution, specifying the aggregate
amount of revenue collected on imported mer-
chandise, tonnage, &c, in each State of the
Union, for the year 1833; which was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in response to a resolution of the House, in
relation to the effect, &c, of the modification of
the tariff in certain particulars; which, on motion
of Mr. Polk, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
On ¡notion of Mr. WARD., the House then
adjourned.
