E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.    '
PHI N TED  AND   PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF   W A.SHINGTOÑ7 "¿Y  BLAIR  &  RIVE si
Second Session, 23d Congress.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 22,1834.
Volume 2....No: 3.
of persons, who, in defiance of law, entered upon
the public Jand.s, with the view of obtaining from
Congress undue advantages, to wiiich they were
not untitled. He should vote for referring the
resolutions to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, said, the reso-
lutions hud tlin-u objects. The first was a re-
duction of the price of the public lands, the sec-
ond regarded pieemption rights to actual settlers;
and the tinrd proposed a new class of cases—to
giaiit preemption lights to those who signify an
intention t<< become setilers. He considered the two
forme - pom is already properly referred, and as to
the third proposition it ought not to be seriously
outortamed by the House. He therefoie moved
to lay the resolutions on the table; but withdrew
the motion at the request of
Mr. CLAY, who desired to correct a misap-
prehension, The proposition of his colleague ¡
[.Mr. Lewis] had been assimilated to the one i
offered by another colleague [Mr. McKiinLey] ¡
on yesteiday. This was not the fact. The one
|iio posed an inquiry; the other was an instruc- j
tiou to the Laud Committee to bring in a bill of a .
specific character.
Mr.-LEWIShad examined the several propo-
sitions which had already been refeired, regaid-
iug the public lands.    They were not identical
with thp one which he had proposed.    He had '
proposed  an  inquiry in   the  usual  mode.    By i
voting for the inquiry, no member would beeom- I
rmlteü ¡a regard to the measures which might be
recommended by the Laud Committee.    They i
woeild be at liberty to oppose any such measure. >
It was the  only method whereby he could bring
ins proposition before the   House.    It had  been
said   that one  branch of the proposed  mquny ,
eliould not be entertained by the House.    It was
certainly no reflection upon this House, nor was
itextravagaut in  its teims—not as much so as
one which was presented yesterday.    It had ref-
erence to lands which  had already been offered
i'or sale.    He hoped  that inquiry would not be
stifled, and that courtesy at least would induce
gentlemen to allow his proposition to go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr."REED said the gentleman last up supposed
that the adoption of his resolutions was the only
mode by winch he could reach his object. He
v.j3 mistaken. Tin1 bill would bring up the
whole-subject, and if it did not suit the gentle-
man's views, he could offer an amendment em-
bracing his present, or any other proposition. It
\eis not customary to ask a committee to alter
their own bill. The usual practice was to effect
that object oy offering amendments.
Mr. 'WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, reminded the
House that this day was  set apart by the roles
for the consideiauon of private bills.   He there- i
lore moved to proceed with the orders of the day;
which was agreed to—yeas 09, nays 51.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in-
closing (pursuant to a resolution of the House)
sundry documents in relation to the destruction
ol'tbc'latc Treasury building by fire.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the said communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on the Public
ijjildmgs.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury:
Treasury Department,
December 12, 1834.
In obedience to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, passed the 11th instant,
•'That the Secretary of the Treasury be di- j
'rected to communicate to the House of Rcpre- j
'semotives, as soon as practicable, copies'of the ¡
'correspondence, not heretofore communicated, j
' which has taken place between him and the pies- ¡
'ulent of the Bank of the United States, on the .
'subject of the branch drafts, and in relation to ¡
'the claim made by the bank for damages, and I
' the course pursued by that institution on account>
' of the protest of the bi'l drawn on the French
' Government by the Treasury Department:"
I have the honor to report, that the only cor-
respondence on those subjects not heretofore
communicated to Congress, which has taken
place between the President of the Bank of the
United States and this Department, consists on
his part of two letters, one received here on the
28ih, and the other on the 30th ultimo.
That which related to the damages and the
course pursued by the bank on account of the
protest of the bill drawn on the French Govern-
ment, being deemed of most public importance,
has been answered, and copies of his letter, and
the reply of this Department, are herewith com-
municated.
The other letter related to the late circular from
the Treasury, declining to receive the branch
crrafts in payment of the public dues after the
close of the present year; and as it wished the
Department distinctly to " understand it is not at
all against the measure itself, but only the reasons
assigned for it, that any objection is- made,"
'there did not seem to be much public necessity
for hastening a reply. But as soon as the great
pressure of the currentbusinessin this office may
permit, one shall be completed, and copies of both
transmitted to the House of Representatives.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obeditnt servant,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Bell,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Bank of the United States,
*                                Aoremiier 28, 1834.
Sir: Your favor of the 13th of July last reached
the bank during my absence; and finding on my
return that my letters addressed to you at Wash-
ington had been published in the newspapers of
Nashville, it seemed useless to prolong a discus-
sion which could only inflame the passions of
tire country in the midst of its elections. I have,
therefore, forborne to answer your letter until the
time had passed for the repetition of a similar
appeal from the laws.
The whole case appears to be exceedingly
simple. There is a difference of opinion between
the Treasury and the bank about the damages on
a bill of exchange. This is a matter of account
which depends on the existing laws, and the acts
of Congress provide specifically before what tri-
bunal, and in what manner, the question must be
tried. Thus, by the act of the 3d of March,
1797, it is provided that, if any person account-
able for public money fails to pay it, "it shall be
' the duty of the comptroller, and he is hereby
.' required, to institute suit for the recovery of the
' same," and in such a suit " no claim for a credit
' shall be admitted upon trial, but such as shall
' appear to have been presented to the accounting
' officers of the Treasury for their examination,
' and by them disallowed in whole or in part."
The bank has accordingly presented its account
for damages, which has been disallowed. It lias
then retained a sufficient amount of public money
for the puipose, and invited a suit by the Treas-
ury, so as to bring the subject before the court.
It did this, and so stated it, " as the best if not
the only mode" of settling the question. But as
the money itself was an object of indifference to
the bank, which sought only to vindicate its own
rights, and the retaining it was a mere form to
comply with the act of Congress, the bank at the
same tune lequested, from the Secretary, to know
whether there was " any other mode of submit-
' ting the rights of the íespective parties to the
'judicial tribunals more acceptable" to him—and
would instantly have released the money on any
arrangement with the Treasury to bring the case
before the courts.
There is a still more summary process of ob-
taining a decision. By the act of Congress of
May 15, 1820, if the public money be withheld,
the First Comptroller of the Treasury can issue a
warrant of distress against the party in default,
who may then appeal to the courts of the United
otates.
Either of these courses is open to the Execu-
tive. It it chooses neither, the bank, havin - done
its duty, is content. Before the proper tribunal,
the bank will always be ready to prove,
1.   That the bill of exchange on the French
Government was drawn without the slightest au-
tnority whatever from that Government to draw
it.
2.   That the bank proposed to the Treasury to
collect the money as its agent—and not to pay it
until it was received from France, thus avoiding
the very embarrassment which has occurred; but
this the Treasury declined, and requested the im-
mediate payment by the bank as a purchaser.     -
3.   That of the money so paid by the bank the
whole wasimmediately appropriated by the Treas-
ury, and a part used in the current expenses of
the Government.        •
4.  That when the bill was protested in Paris,
as was inevitable, and the money paid by the
agents of the bank, to save the credit of the Treas-
ury, the claim of damages by the bank was an
indispensable act of duty, as that alone would
enable the Treasury to claim damages from the
French Government, which, if the Treasury had
any right to draw at all, was as much due as the
principal.
5.   That the universal and inflexible rule of the
Treasury is to make everyone pay damages; and
as it had required of the stockholders of the bank
to pay damages, when their bills sold to the
Treasury have boon protested, so should it now
pay damages to those stockholders, when they in
turn have bought a bill from the Treasury which
becomes protested.
All this will be made manifest whenever the
Treasury resorts to the proper tribunal. Until
then, it seems unjust to prejudge the question,
and quite fruitless to discuss it.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
N. B1DDLE, President.
Hon. Levi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington, D. C.
Treasury Department,
December 11, 1834.'
Sir: Your communication of the 28th ultimo,
acknowledging the receipt of my letter of the 13th
of July last, relative to the detention of the public
dividends by the Bank of the United States, was
duly received.
After a silence of more than four months,
coupled with the hostile position the bank had
assumed, it was supposed that you did not con-
template entering into further correspondence in
respect to this subject, and especially was it sup-
posed, that a correspondence would not be re-
sumed with an avowed view to any explanations
or new arrangements at so late a period—that
your communication could not reach this Depart-
ment till the day previous to that session ot
Congress to which you had been early apprised
a report %vould be made on thewhoie of the pro-
ceedings of the bank in this extraordinary trans-
action.
Presuming, therefore, that the bank ought to
have felt all the reluctance expressed in your let-
ter "to prolongadiscussion"onthatir«)is«ciio ,
which cannot but be admitted, from its unprece-
dented and unjustifiable character, was well calcu-
lated to " inflame the passions of the country,"'
and that this circumstance might naturally have
led to the postponement of a reply till after "the
elections,"yet no reason is assigned in your ex-
planation, whatever may be the reason conjec-
tured by others, for the failure to forward that
reply immediately after the popular elections had
terminated, and in season for a suitable examina-
tion of its contents before Congress convened.
But it would be unjust to the bank not to return
thanks for the very considerate sentiment ex-
pressed in your apology for the first delay—a wish
not " to prolong a discussion which would only
inflame the passions of the country in the midst of
its elections."   This Department regrets that so
