1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
NAYS—Messrs John J. Allen, Chilton Allan,
Archer, Baiber, Barrmger, Beale, Bean, Beards-
lev, Bmney,Briggs, Bull, Bunch, Bynum, Cage,
Cambreleng, Campbell, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clayton,
Clowney, Coffee, Connor, Corwm, Crane, Dav-
enport, Day, Deberry, Dickinson, Dunlap, Ew-
mg, Felder, Ferns, Foster, William K. Fuller,
Fulton, Gamble, G-holson, Gillet, Gordon, Gra-
ham, Giayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Thomas> H.
Hill, Hannegan, Joseph M Harper, Hawkins,
Hawos, Howell, Hubbaid, Huntington, Inge,
William Jackson, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kavanagh,
Kilgore, King, Kmnard, Lane, Luke Lea,Lewis,
Lincoln, Love, Loyall, Abi]ah Mann, Manning,
Mardis, John Y Mason, Moses Mason, May,
McCarty, McComas, McKinley, Mercer, Miner,
Henry Mitchell, Moore, Murphy, Page, Parks,
Peyton, Fiankhn Pieice, Pmckney, Polk,
Rencher, Reynolds, Robeitson, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Spangler, Speight, Stoddert, William
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull,
Vanee, Wardwell, Campbell P. White, Williams,
and Wise—108
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. CHAMBERS then took the floor in sup-
poit of referring the mquny directed by the res-
olution, to the Committee on Manufactures, but
befor'e he concluded his remarks, the hour de-
voted to the discussion of resolutions had expired,
and the House proceeded to the oiders of the day.
MILITARY LAND  WARRANTS.
The engrossed bill to extend the time for issu-
ing mihtaiy land warrants to officeis and soldiers
of the revolutionary war, was read a third time
and passed.
P4.T OF THE NAVY.
The House then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
bill introduced by the select committee of which
Mr Watmough is chanman, to equalize and
graduate the pay of the officeis of the Navy,
(Mr  Briggs in the chair )
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr Harper, of Pennsylvania, to stnke out
the sum of $5,500, as the compensation ofasemoi
captain commanding a squadion, and inseit
#4,500
Mr. WATMOUGH regretted that it had been
deemed necessaiyto make any motion for the
amendmtnt of this bill If gentlemen would re-
flect dchbeiattly on the subject, he felt assured
they would convince themselves that such amend-
ments were inexpedient He dwelt upon the jus-
tice of allowing oui naval officers a pay more ad
equate to their services, and such as should render
them capable of suppoi ting the honor and dignity
of then country abroad, and the wants and neces-
sities of their families at home They, in'the
couisp of then duties, necessarily often come m
collision with those of similar giade m European
ports, and they are bound, by all those obliga-
tions implicating the honoi of themselves and
their countiy, to íeciprocate those couitesics
which aie incident to an intercourse in civilised
Hie He need not lcmind the committee of the
dangeis and privations of a sailot 's life—his Strug
gles with the elements, and his noble danng,both
in the tiopics and in the hyperboiean seas All
thu was well known Mi W said this was a
mei p m lttei ot business, and not a subject foi
oiatoncal declamation He therefore woula con-
clude by expressing a smceie hope, that it would
not bt deemed necessary to make any material
amendment to the bill With those bnef íemarks,
he would leave the subject to the liberality and
magnanimity of the committee
Ml SPEIGHT mquiicd if the bill, as repoited
by the select committee, did not, ill some caics,
decrease the pay of officeis, as well as increase it
in others5
Mi WATMOUGH replied, and was under-
stood to siy thue was, in eftect, no such decicase
contemplated by the bill
Mi FILLMORL said, it appealed from the
documents on the table, that when this subject
was fiist introduced theic.it embraced aproposi-
tion to equalize the pay of tne officeis of both
thcAimy and the Navy It now seemed that the
committee had abandoned the subject of the pay
of the   Aimy, and confined  themselves to   the
Navy. A bill had formerly been introduced by
the committee, embracing both of these interests,
but that was now thiown aside, as he understood
the matter, and this substituted m its place. Had
we gone on, and passed that bill (said Mr. F )
we should have increased the pay of the officers
of the Army about $70,000, and that of the Navy
about $163,000. After some further strictures on
the present bill, Mr. F. concluded by express-
ing the necessity of supporting the amendment
of his colleague, [Mr. Harper,] unless more rea-
sons should be given foi the present terms of the
bill than had yet been advanced
Mr. WATMOUGH again replied. He said it
was true the committee had abandoned the equal-
ization bill, fiom a conviction, both on the part
of the committee and of the Department, of its
uttei impracticability. In the minds of the mem-
bers of the select committee, that point had been
definitively settled. To do away with emolu-
ments in the Army was, in effect, to destroy its
efficiency In íeportmgthe present bill, the com
mittee had begun with the highest pay, at $5,500,
and gone down by regular a^d equitable grada-
tion.
Mr. CONNOR said he was for paying the offi-
cers, both of the Army and the Navy, well. They
fight well—let us pay them well He was for
giving them an equitable—a liberal compensation,
and would also be willing they should be enabled
to lay up something for their old age But (said
Mi C ) let us not go too far, nor too fast. He
thought this was too gieat a lift at one movement.
To increase a salary, at once, from $2,500 to
$5,500 was more than he could sanction He
was constrained to go for the amendment
Mr WARD supported the bill as reported
He said, while various changes and modifications
had been made in the arrangements of the Army,
none had taken place in the Navy, which now
remained as it was when first organized, and had
been, in eveiy respect, most culpably neglected
He asked gentlemen to look at the changes and
advances which had been made in the salaries of
the officers of oui Govei nment, those of the Seei e-
taues of State, &c, were, at its organization,
$3,500, they are now $6,000 per annum He did
not complain of this increase—the state of the
country demanded it, but he did deprecate the
principle which left oui gallant naval officers with
such inadequate compensation. If we would
have our Government well administered, we
should pay its officers with liberality He asked,
should this only free Government on earth—the
only nation untrammeled with debt, show a nig-
gardly and penurious disposition in i ccompensmg
its public servants> English and French admi-
rals, he declared, received $10,000 per annum,
while we hesitated to give ours five ' He con-
tended that, out of this sum, it would be impos-
sible for the officei to save more than a bare sup-
poit for his family at home He believed there
was not an Ameiican citizen, however humble,
l| who would not feel himself degiaded did he be-
lieve that the officei bearing the pioud flag of his
S country did not íccipioeate those civilities ex-
tended in him to a foreign poit Mi. W de
claied his conviction that theie was not an officer
ll moui bcrvicewhohad not received alaige foi tunc
| by inheritance w ho possessed adollar to bequeath
h to his children ' He hoped the amendment would
I  not prevail
I     Mr SUTHERLAND followed in a speech of
" some length and eneigy   He said he was as much
I  the advocate of oui gallant Navy as the gentleman
l  who last addressed the committee, [Mi   Wuu>,]
or any othei jndividu U    He w ould notadvocate
the interest of the Aimy against the Navy, nor
those of the >avy against the Aimy   Thty were
'   the two great aims of the national di fense, and
he equally esteemed vnd respi cted both     But he
stood here as the  advocate of a class of men
j   vi hom he conceived to be uni-urly dealt by m the
I  bill before the committee   Heieferred togunners,
jirhosc pay, he contended, would be decreased by
the passage of the bill at, lcpoitcd   He pioceedcd
I  at length to advocate the claims of most fighting
i  men in oui gallant Navv, w hose lights he deemed
1 to be neglected    He expressed his determination
to vote foi v reduction of fie salines of the high
officeis, unless thec of petty officei  were eoi-
1 respondmsly rused
|j       Mr    WATMOUGH   explained,   and    Mr
!l SUTHERLAND briefly rejoined.
Mr. PARKER thought this discussion entirely
out of place He wished to propose an amend-
ment, by striking out all fiom the fifth to the tenth
line, but this was decided not then to be in order.
After some few remarks from Messrs. FILL-
MORE and WARD, the question was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Harper, and carried—
ayes 90, noes 55
Mr. WATMOUGH then submitted a series of
amendments graduating the pay of the other offi-
cers so as to correspond with the reduction in the
pay of captains by this vote decided on.
Mr. WISE also submitted an amendment, and
After some further remarks from Mi WAT-
MOUGH, calling the attention of the committee
to the nature and necessity of his amendments—
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the committee
rose, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit
again
When the Speaker again resumed the chair, it
was, on motion of Mr  WATMOUGH,
Ordered, That the amendments offered in com-
mittee be printed for the use of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr BRIGGS, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, Decembei 18, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presenfed by
Messrs McKEAN and HENDRICKS. 
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr BIBB, on leave given, introduced the fol-
lowing bills
•A bill for the relief of Pierre Menard;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bogey;
A bill for the relief of Antome Peltier, and
A bill to reduce the postage on peiiodical pam-
phlets, and to extend the franking privilege to
the head of the engmeei department.
The said bills were read twice and referred.
Mr WAGGAMAN, on leave given, introduced
a bill making an appropriation to complete the
military barracks at New Orleans; which was
read twice and referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr SOUTHARD,from the Naval Committee,
reported the following bills, to wit:
A bill foi the relief of the legal representatives
of Michael Hagan, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Henry Eckford, deceased,
A bill concerning the commanding officers of
the Navy of the United States,
A bill for the relief of Loami Baldwin;
A bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler,
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Isaac Gaireteon, deceased,
A bill to change the titles of certain officers in
the Navy of the United States,
A bill piovidme for the enlistment of boys in
the Navy of the United States, and
A bill to regulate the issuing of licenses to
vessels navigated in whole or m part by bteam
Mi   HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
r^oads and Canals, repoited a bill makimr an ap-
piopnation for the impiovcment of the Wabash
Also, a bill foi the relief of the legil represent-
atives of MnsesSheppeid, deceased, whichvveie
! read the first time, and oidered to the second
reading.
Mr   WEBSTER, fiom   the   Committee on
| Finance, repoited a bill to exempt certain mu-
chandise from the operation of the tanff oí 1828,
undci certain circumstancis
Also, a bill foi the relief of the owners of the
bug Dispatch
BANK OF THE UNITED  STATES.
I     Air  T"> LER, from the Committee on Finance
of last session, who were directed by a resolution
! of the Senate to investigate the condition of the
Bank of the United Sutes, made a report of great
length, the reading of which occupied two hours
and a half
A motion 1 emg made to print it,
Mr  BEATON lost, not to object to the punt-
ing, noi to go into an aigumentm answtr to the
report, which would come more propeily at an-
other time, but to couect some  enors which
l claimed his attention     His own name was made
I to figure in that report, in vei y good company, to
