50                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL^ GLOBE.                      December 18,
Messrs.LUCAS, MERCER, DAVENPORT,
and PATTON, of Virginia;
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky;
Mr. VANCE, ofOIiio;
Mr. EWING, of Indiana;
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Which petitions and memorials were appro-'
priately referred.
NEW POST ROUTES.
On motion of Mr. MARDIS, by leave, it was
■ Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Wetumpka, via Coosa Court House, Cillavoga,
Mardisville, Talladega, to Benton Court House,
in the State of Alabama; and further, to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Talladega to Chambers Court House, in the
State of Alabama; and further, to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Tus-
caloosa, via Sanders's Perry, to Vienna, Tom-
beekbee river, in the State of Alabama.
REPJBTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PEYTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a joint resolution, authoriz-
ing the sale of a lion and two horses, received by
the American Consul at Tangier from the Em-
peror of Morocco; which was read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. P., from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of a
resolution of the House, directing the committee
to inquire into the expediency of causing the
other presents received from foreign Powers, at
various times, and now in the State Department,
to be sold; which was agreed to.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nicholas D. Coleman; which was read twice, and
ordered to bo engrossed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill authorizing the survey of
certain land, adjacent to the canal on the Licking
Summit, in the State of Ohio; which was twice
road, and committed.
Mr C, from the same committee, reported a
bill to extend the time of issuing military land
warrants to the officers and soldiers of the revo-
lutionary-army; which was read twice. Ah
of a similar character having passed the House,
of which Mr. C. was not aware, he therefore
moved to lay the present bill on the table; which
was agreed to.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill to authorize the registers and receivers of
public land offices to administer oaths connected
with the entry and sate of lands; which was read
twice; and, after a short conversation between
Messrs. CLAY, LANE, and PARKER, its
further consideration was postponed to Monday
next.
Messrs. CHAMBERS and MAY, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, mad unfa-
vorable reports on certain private claims referred
to that committee.                                                   5f
DUTIES ON  LOCOMOTIVES,  ETC.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered by Mr. Clayton,
of Georgia:                                                     *
Unsolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of reporting a
law for the purpose of remitting the duties on
locomotive engines, railroad car wheels, with
rolled iron tires, axles, springs, &c, already im-
ported, or which may hereafter be imported
within two years.
The question being on Mr. Denny's motion to
amend by substituting the Committee on Man-
ufactures for the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. CHAMBERS continued the remarks
which he had commenced yesterday. The object
of the resolution was intended to exempt from the
payment of duty, certain articles, affecting mate-
rially the interests of the iron manufacturerof this
country. It was not limited to any particular im-
provement or to any special company, but pro-
posed to admit free of duty any quantity of arti-
cles, at all times, and for anybody—for the space
of two years. As a question of revenue, it was
of small concern, and as such, the House was
competent to decide upon it in whatever shape it
might come before it. The importer cannot com-
plain, inasmuch as he makes importation under
a knowledge of the existing law; but it was a
matter of infinite concern to the manufacturer,
who, upon the faith of y our statute, has embarked
lus capital to a large extent in this branch of
industry. As affecting this meritorious class, this
inquiry should properly go to the Committee on
Manufactures. It was "for that committee to con-
sider what was the nature of the compromise act
of 1832—how far the American manufacturer was
capable of supplying the demand for the articles
in question—and whether, should the duty on
them be remitted, the act might not be evaded,
and importations be made of articles for other than
railroad purposes. • All these considerations, and
others which might be mentioned, rendered this
inquiry, in his opinion, the peculiar province of
the Committee on Manufactures.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Speight] had remarked that his constituents
were deeply interested in agriculture, which he
supposed conflicted with the manufacturing in-
terest. Mr. C. contended that these conflicting
interests should not now be weighed—that it was
done by the act of 1832, and there it must rest.
The gentleman, it was true, disclaimed a dispo-
sition to interfere with the arrangement of 1832,
yet, at the same time, he was advocating a reso-
lution which is intended to change the act of 1832,
and to reduce the duties; and thus, while the gen-
tleman was unwilling to assail the compromise
act as a whole, he was attacking it in detail.
What would be the result of such a course?
There were several other great interests which,
by the mode of proceeding proposed, might be
destroyed if brought separately before the House.
He mentioned the woolens, the cotton, the glass,
and the sugar interests, which might be thus as-
sailed; and upon a memorial or resolution calcu-
lated to affect either of them, we were to be told
that it was a mere question of revenue, belonging
exclusively to the Committee of Ways and
Means, lie did not mean to impugn the motives
of that highly respectable committee; but the
House should not tolerate a course of proceeding
so unusual and improper.
It had been said by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that it was merely proposed to allow a
drawback upon articles already imported, and
consequently would not affect the home manufac-
turer. The resolution specified no particular com-
pany or railroad to be benefited, but was broad in
its terms. It was evidently intended to place the
foreign manufacturer on an equality with our
own, and was a direct breach of the act of 1832.
It had also been alleged, that these articles were
not manufactured in this country. He believed
the case was otherwise. It required no superior
skill to manufacture a portion of them. This
matter would, however, be a proper subject of
inquiry by the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. C. referred to the precedents of last ses-
sion which had been adverted to. They were of
recent origin, and if, in these cases, the House
had acted incautiously or inconsistently, should
we now do the sanie thing, and even go further?
Rather let us (said he) retrace our steps, and send
this inquiry to that committee whose duties will
lead to a proper and more mature consideration
of the subject. There had been complaint in re-
lation to the improper reference to the Committee
of Ways and Means, at the last session, of mat-
ters not belonging to it. We had a legal com-
mittee; yet it would be recollected thatat the last
session a judical question, in relation to pension
agencies, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, who, in their report, had furnished
the House with a legal argument, upon the
whole, he hoped the amendment of his colleague
[Mr. Denny] would prevail, and that the inquiry
would be sent to the Committee on Manufactures
Mr.CAMBRELENGsaidtheHousehadbeen,
for three or four days, debating the question
whether this resolution should be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, or on Manufac-
tures, and by degrees they were getting into a
discussion of the tariff. Much of what the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chambers] had
said would be very proper, if we were about to
adopt or reject the resolution; but it is merely
one of inquiry, and the question is, to what
committee that inquiry shall be submitted? AH
questions relating to remission  or exemption
from duty had been uniformly submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means; and if they
were now about to be transferred to another
committee, without intending to lessen the im-
portance of the manufacturing interest, he thought
the commerce, agriculture, and internal improve-
ments of the country much more deeply inter-
ested in the question of facilitating internal com-
munication. He concurred with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that the tariff compromise
ought not to be disturbed. He was therefore
surprised to find an attempt now made to go
back to the protecting system, when the very
object of the compromise bill was to establish a
system of revenue duties, and to restore all juris-
diction over the subject to the Committee of
Ways and Means. As to the ability of our man-
ufacturers to supply rails and locomotive engines,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania must recollect,
that even his own State, behind none for its de-
votion to the manufacturing interest, was com-
pelled to import two thousand tons of railroad
iron. Were we to depend on a domestic supply,
you might graduate a road to the Alloghanies
before you could procure rails or locomotives
to put the first thirty miles in operation. Had
the policy so strongly contended for by some
gentlemen, for some years back, been adopted,
and the importation of rails and locomotives ob-
structed, it would have thrown the internal im-
provements of the country five years in the rear
of similar improvements abroad. Whether loco-
motive engines should be free from duty ought
not to depend on the private interest of the rail-
road proprietor or the manufacturer. On that
ground it ought to be rejected; but we had noth-
ing to do with their particular interests—the
question rested on more elevated ground—on a
policy which was as old as the Constitution itself
-—the wise policy of removing every obstruction
to the introduction into our country of the im-
provements made abroad—of allowing the impor-
tation of models of art and books of instruction—
of encouraging, not by restrictions on, but by
relieving from taxation, those objects of modern
discovery which tended to our improvement in
arts and sciences, or to better the condition, and
to the universal advantage, of the country. It was
only.on that ground that the measure under con-
sideration could be defended. He had, at the
origin of this new improvement, advocated its free
and immediate introduction into this country—
and we had then adopted the policy. We were
not now, however, called upon to decide on the
propriety of adopting the measure proposed, or
of continuing the policy of admitting these engines
free of duty; but simply to determine whether the
inquiry should be sent to the proper committee.
That committee he believed to be the one charged
with the revenue and general interests of the
country, and not that which guarded the interests
of any one particular branch of industry.
Mr. JACKSQN, of Massachusetts, was deci-
dedly friendly to the American system; but he
was nevertheless firmly of opinion, that the pro-
posed inquiry should go to the Committee of
,T---s and Means; and if the other friends of the
could view  the subject in a correct light,
\VY
Way:
ariff                                ...__,_____________,-~0...,
he was persuaded they would agree with ffim.'
This country was unable to manufacture the rail-
road apparatus which would be required for the
next two years, if it was proposed to extend
the time to ten years, he might question its pro-
priety. He had some experience on this subject,
and he was satisfied that we could not supply en-
gines, &c, for railroads already completed. He
had himself made an effort to obtain an engine
for one of these railroads, but -could not; and it
became necessary to send to London for one.
Besides, the difference in the expense of an en-
gine procured in England and this country was
two, or three, or four times as much as the amount
of duty. You cannot, therefore, prevent their
importation; nor will the continuation of the pres-
ent duty at all benefit those engaged in their man-
ufacture in this country. Great'Britain hadjbeeii
longer engaged in the manufacture of those en-
gines, &c,possessed more skill, and a more am-
ple capital, and he inquired whether it was good
policy to retard the progress of important public
improvements, by burdening the railroad com-
panies with unnecessary duties, which could be
of no possible advantage to our own manufac-
turers ?   He referred to the great saving which
