60                                          THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         December 22,
kept in remembrance, that many of these officers
had wives and families, also, to provide for on
shore. Thcyhad, in fact, two messes to support
out of their incomes.
And when he considered how onerous, how
highly responsible were the duties of lieuten-
ants, their claim to an increase of compensation
would be greatly fortified. And what were those
duties? As he understood, he had in time of
action to direct and point the guns. Each lieu-
tenant had charge of from sixty to seventy men-
there being from twelve to fourteen men stationed
at each gun. These men it was his duty to drill;
and, when the enemy has boarded, the lieutenant
was, as he had learned from a source upon which
he could rely, the first to board, unless a pike
driven through his body prevented the execution
of this hazardous piece of duty. He had, too,
to take his turn on the watch, and was held re-
sponsible for the general safety of the vessel.
And what were his duties and obligations, ac-
cording to the naval code of nations, on coming
into port? because it mipht be said that he, at
least, had not the necessity of reciprocating the
hospitality of officers in foreign service.
But it was not so. According to the custom
of naval life, the captains messed by themselves,
and the subordinate officers by themselves; and
if a lieutenant were entertained by an officer of
the same grade in foreign service, on board ship.
or on shore, he had to reciprocate the courtesy in
like manner, by inviting him to the lieutenant's
* mess. He had asked a lieutenant how lie man-
aged to get along, having to comply with these
customs, and having, besides, a wife and family
to provide for; and his answer was, " When he
left port he always found himself confoundedly
in debt; and when at sea he worked for a dead
"horse, and there denied himself all the luxuries,
and many of the comforts, of life." Is this, sir,
the measure of American justice to public ser-
vants ? He would not impugn the motives of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Watmougii,]
for he deserved much credit for what he had done
in this matter, but he, nevertheless, thought that
he had in some measure overlooked the claim of
these lieutenants.
There was another heresy prevailing, which
was in rígard to the office and duties of gunner.
A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Suther-
land] had spoken with much eloquence in behalf1
of the gunners. Now he (Mr. V.) had supposed
that tin  gunner was the man who loaded, and
pointed, and fired the guns; but he found that
Mich was not the case; that they were not the
" inert of fire and smoke;" that their station was in
the magazine below, comparatively out of tin-
reach of shot and danger-, and that, they stnellcd
no other " smoke"' than that of the lamp which
lighted that magazine. Why not, Re would ask,
give the increase to the hardy tars who had to serve
at the guns—who were exposed to all the danger'
Mr. "SUTHERLAND observed that he had
also pleaded for the sailors.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he had already de-
tained the committee much longer than he had
intended when he rose, and hoped that he might,
• n conclusion, be permitted to say, without in-
curring the imputation of egotism, that he repre-
sented a stiicily fresh-water district; that he had
had, in the course of his life, but little or no in-
tercourse with naval officers, and did not know
that a single one of them could be numbered
among his constituents. He did not know that
he liad a single relative in-tlic naval service; and
the vote which he should give for a reasonable
increase of the compensation of this important
branch of service would be drtatcd solely by a
sense of the vast importance of the Navy to the
interest and honor, if not the safety, of the coun-
try, and of the strong claims which its too long
neglected officers had to the justice, not to say the
liberality, of this great, this just, and opulent na-
tion.
_ Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said that, in
every discussion of a measure during this short
session, it was the duty of all to remember how
much business we had to transact, and thus put
a just value upon time, and to economize it. With
this sentiment in his mind he would, on this im-
portant measure, indulge in afew general remarks.
As to the Navy it was a great favorite with the
nation, and that favorable opinion was not with-
notgood reason. The history of our country would
furnish ample cause why we were partial to the
Navy. We would refer to our naval conflicts with
the Barbary Powers, Tripoli, and our quasi war
with France, and particularly our late war with
GreatBritain. Whodoes notrecollectthefeelings
and gratitude, of confidence, of patriotism, which
swelled the bosom of every faithful citizen at the
news of our splendid naval victories following
each other in quick succession. Perry and Mc-
Donough on the lakes; Hull, Decatur, Lawrence,
Porter, and others, on t'he mountain waves,-on
the ocean.
Our gallant Navy, therefore, was justly a fa-
vorite with the people. It had never excited the
jealousy of the statesman or patriot. Its motto
was, " For our country: right or wrong for our
country." This being the true state of the case, it
was to him unaccountable and surprising that such
opposition—such persevering opposition should
have been made to every proposition for the last
twenty years to make adequate provision for the
Navy, and to assign proper grades of command to
the officers. The people, by common consent,con-
ferred upon our senior naval officers the honorary
title of commodore, yet our laws have conferred
no such command. The highest grade of com-
mand in our naval service was that of captain.
He did not see any reason for such a state of
tilings. It might have been correct when our
Navy was in its infancy—when we «had only a
captain's command; but now we had increased
our Navy from necessity—it had increased with
our commerce and our population, and it was
correct to confer higher grades of command, as
much so as to confer the command and grade of
a colonel to a regiment, of a major to a battalion,
and a captain to a company. But let us pass
from this subject to that of the compensation.
Adequate compensation was still more necessary
and important to the service than grades of com-
mand. It was a very difficult subject to know
precisely what compensation ought to be given.
It was very easy to commence with the salary
and compensation of the civil officers of Govern-
ment, and where they get annually $3,000, to say
they could live upon §2,000; and that members of
Congress who now received eight dollars per day
might live upon six or four dollars. In case of
necessity for our country, (Mr. J. said,) we could
all live upon half rations; but it should be recol-
lected wo were not fixing the compensation of the
Navy upon any such principle. We were fixing
it upon the principle of justice, of propriety. The
laborer was worth his hire. The officers of the
Navy, and all attached to the Navy, were working
men—hard-working men; and that man would
find himself egregiously mistaken if he supposed
that he could enter the naval service and sleep
upon beds of down. If he supposed that he
could sleep and slumber, and fold his arms to-
gether to sleep without trouble, without anxiety,
he would find out his miscalculation. The re-
verse was his lot; it was a place of toil, of suf-
fering, of hardship, and of danger. From the
hour that a man enters the naval service of his
country, until he is hurried to that bourn from
whence no traveler returns, he will learn that his
lot is one of privation, toil, anxiety, and trouble.
Mr. J. said he was a working man himself—a
hard-working man, ever since he had grown up
to manhood, and his constituents were working
men, and reasonable men, and patriotic men, and
that is the reason why they have honored me so
long. Thoy know I will not squander the public
money; they know 1 am not extravagant myself,
and that I will not vote for extravagant salaries.
Out they have always sustained me in voting for
salaries and reasonable and just compensation,
which will make the officer easy in his circum-
stances; that which will enable him to live com-
fortably, not luxuriously; that which will enable
him to furnish himself and a small family with
the necessaries and comforts of life, but not with
its superfluities; that which will enable him to live
as a freeman ought to live in a free country, but
not enough to make him wealthy. These are the
principles by which he should be governed, these
were the principles by which his constituents
wished him to he governed; and they should
govern in honor of them, and in honor of his
country, and in honor of justice. In fixing the
compensation, Mr. J. said he should look at
human life and society as he found it, and inquire
what sum was required to place the officers of
the Navy in the situation which he had described.
He would then bring that information to govern
his votes upon the compensation proposed.
Mr. J. expressed his regret that some of those
who had spoken in favor of the Navy had
brought in the Army, and had made comparisons
which he did not consider useful or conclusive.
He considered all such arguments and compari-
sons irrelevant. The Army as well as the Navy
was a favorite with the American people. Thia
favorable opinion was not without good reason.
The history of the late war would prove it, and
he should not vote to pull down the Army to the
condition of the Navy," nor should he vote to
elevate the Navy upon any other principle than
that of its own intrinsic merit.. He said it was
not necessary upon this, and he hoped upon no
other, occasion, to contrast the gallantry of the
Army and Navy, to induce Congress to do jus-
tice to cither; for, if we look at the sacrifices
which both have made for their country—if we
will do justice to the devotion of both to their
country—if we bring to our recollection the battles
they have fought, the victories they have won,
the gallantry they have displayed, they have
glory enough for any army or any navy; and
nothing is now wanting for them but a proper
provision to make them respectable and inde-
pendent of the wants and frowns of fortune, and
to hold themselves in readiness for any other
crisis.          •
It should never be forgotten that, from the mo-
ment that any citizen enters the Army or Navy,
he has to give up totally all other pursuits; he
has to abandon every other prospect of gam; and
a good portion of his time he Has to^ abandon
society. There is no man who knows the hard-
ships and sacrifices of a soldier's life, whether in
the Army or Navy, but the man who has tried—■
who has made the experiment; but as it is for
his country he bears it cheerfully.
The real truth is, that in time of war, when
everything that is dear to freedom is at stake,
when the country is suffering under all the calami-
ties of war, and bleeding at every pore, we are
disposed, if possible, to overrate the Army and
the Navy, and particularly the merits of a brave
and gallant officer. But in time of peace we are
fully as much inclined to undermte each, and to
think that they are a privileged corps, when in
fact they are the working men of the Government
—the drudges and dray-horses for the country;
they are working for their country all the time;
and unfortunately, in free Governments, the spirit
of jealousy inclines us often to pull down, in time
of peace, the pillars of strength, and to under-
mine the foundations of our greatness and secu-
rity. An instance of that kind is the opposition
to the Military Academy, the institution and fav-
orite of Thomas Jefferson. He was one a mong
the wisest men of this world—and a learned man.
He had examined the annals of all nations, and
he saw that history confirmed the fact that, in a
struggle for liberty, in all past time, double th'e
quantity of blood and treasure had been spent for
the want of the requisite skill and science in those
ga'lant men who had conducted the struggle from
the very beginning of the revolution to its termi-
nation. General Washington made this point a
subject of never-ending complaint. We have
courage and patriotism, and ¡n our small Army
a-nd Navy we cannot have too much skill and
science. In my short military career nothing was
so much wanted as military knowledge and the
sciences connected with it.
It is not very difficult for a brave and patriotic
man, in the chimney-corner, to underrate military
science, which can be gained alone by long and
hard study, or very long and often disastrous ex-
perience. But whenever he shall be brought into
contact with anything like equal talents and bra-
very, and the military skill of which we speak, he
will soon change his opinion and acknowledge his
mistake; and let the patriot, the citizen, and the
statesman never forget that the necessity of an
arfiiy or a navy is predicated upon the probability,
yea, the certainty of war; and that both branches
of defense are for the people's benefit, and that
they depend upon them for their existence. We
should not exalt them too high, nor depress them
too low.
It may be stated with truth, that upon no sub-
ject was the testimony of military men more uni-
form, and more imposing, than upon the benefit,
