m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
twenty-millions of francs, the United States, as
for this "valuable consideration," became re-
sponsible—so is it clearly and equally responsi-
ble, hereafter, to make restitution for the thou-
sand ships and millions of property seized by
Great Britain, under her orders in council, prior
to the declaration of war by Congress, in 1812.
Up to the last moment of the negotiation with
Great Britain, the American commissioners con-
tinued to insist on a restitution for those seizures.
To obtain peace, however, I find they did give
th¡3 up. Niles's Register of February 18, 1815,
presents, as taken from an English newspaper,
the following, as one of the terms of peace:
"The Americans have waived any stipulation
' on the subject of maritime rights, as well as re-
' specting compensation for captures under the orders
' in council, or on any other account."
The British Government, however, did agree
to make compensation for slaves, and other prop-
erty seized on the land. It also recognized the
treaty of peace of 1783, so far as related to pos-
sessions and boundary, with a single exception;
and with equal truth might it be urged that the
treaty of peace of 1783 existed and was in force
while war existed with Great Britain, as now it
is urged that the treaties of alliance and com-
merce between Prance and the United States
existed, and were in force during the negotiation
of the French convention of September 30,
1800.
" Compensation for captures under the orders
in council, or any other account," was waived
by the American commissioners at the treaty of
Ghent. Here is even a stronger case than is pre-
sented in the treaty of September 30, 1800; for
the American negotiators agreed at once to yield
the millions of " valid claims" to indemnity,
" arising out of illegal captures, detentions, for-
cible seizures,illegal condemnations, and confis-
cations, made or committed" by Great Britain in
time of peace, for the " valuable consideration"
of peace, which saved millions of blood and treas-
ure to the country. Here is a " set-off" to Amer-
ican claims quita as complete, and much more
direct, than the set-off in the French convention;
and why not at once make provision for the pay-
ment of all olaims for British spoliations, as well
as of all French claims, direct from our own
Treasury? Of these British, as well as of the
French claims, almost every Senator may say that
" a portion of my constituents—some of them
widbws and children and grandchildren—are in-
terested." Are these claims not, indeed, "irre-
sistible?"
But an honorable Senator [Mr. Shepley]
says, the United States once offered to pay five
millions of francs to be released from the obliga-
tions of the ancient treaties—and that France once
proposed to receive ten millions of francs for a
part, and thirteen millions for the whole, violation
of plighted faith. It is easy to conceive how these
offers might be made on either hand, although
neither party should consider its claim as of real*
value, it amounts to nothing more nor less than
this: The United States were willing to allow five
millions of francs (less than a million of dollars)
if France would consent to a restitution of all cap-
tures, seizures, and spoliations, on both hands;
und by such an arrangement no doubt we should
have, been great gamers. France was willing to
negotiate in a similar manner if the sum of nomi-
nal damage for alleged infraction of the ancient
treaties might be raised so much as to bring her
not greatly in our debt. As the parties could not
be brought to agree, it was quite natural that the
basis of anual war should be taken as the ultimate
ground of negotiation, and bona fide captures
(excepting public armed ships) were suffered to
remain in the hands of the captors. For such
captures tile bill provides restitution from our
own Treasury. The principle that would allow
them would allow restitution from our Treasury
for any und every capture made in any maritime
war that ever was waged.
The Senator from Maine says: " France offered
to submit all claims," including her extraordi-
nary claim for damages under the ancient treaties,
"to a commission," and to abide by the award
of that commission; but that the United States
refused. This was perfectly natural, if the com-
missioners for the United States believed, as was
the fact, that the French cHim for damages was
a men; finusse.    They did  as all prudent men
would do, when they declined to leave thatclaim
to be estimated and decided on by persons who
might be interested against them, and who might
place them under real obligations to pay for what
was really no consideration at all.
It is said that "claims precisely circumstanced
' like these, have been pressed upon France until
' she has consented to pay us twenty-five millions
1 of francs." The circumstances of the two cases,
as was shown by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] are so different that in no two
features are they alike. The claims specified
under the four different heads of the treaty nego-
tiated by Mr. Rives in 1831, bears a very near
analogy to those which were provided for in the
Louisiana treaty, but are entirely unlike those
which were declared to be-desperatc by the nego-
tiators of the treaty of September 30, 1800.
There is nothing in the fact that should favor
these claims, if it be true, as is alleged, that the
board of commissioners under the last treaty
with France has determined that this class of
claims cannot come in under that treaty. The
objects of restitution under that treaty are par-
ticularly specified under four different heads;
and neither of those heads embraces claims that
bear even a distant analogy to the claims under
consideration.
The zeal with which our Government has, at
all times, advocated the claims of its citizens, is
in this instance urged as proof that the Govern-
ment, admitting their justice, is responsible for
their discharge. The Quarterly Review says:
"As long as they were to be paid by France, no
doubt was entertained of their validity." And
again: " In performance of this duty, (to procure
' redress /or injuries done to our citizens,) the
' Government of the United States invited its
' citizens to confide their claims to its manage-
' ment, and undertook to do everything in its
' power to obtain satisfaction." So the Govern-
ment of the United States, to the last end of the
chapter, pressed on the Government of Great
Britain the claims for remuneration under her
illegal and unjust seizures and condemnations by
the orders in council, until, finding the prospect
of remuneration absolutely hopeless, and finding
peace of more value than further destruction of
lives and property, this Government, in both
cases, consented to waive all further claims for
illegal seizures and condemnations. There prob-
ably was never an instance of treaty with any
foreign nation where this Government did not
press the claims for individual injury to the last
moment.
The admission  of our negotiators that there
was ground for pressing these claims on France, '
is taken for granted as an admission that the j
claims are now due by this Government.   Such
an inference is gratuitous and fallacious.   The i
history of diplomacy, in all ages, furnishes evi-
dence that chums and pretensions are often set up
to counteract other claim? and pretensions, both
of which, in the end, are yielded; and that these,
although sometimes founded injustice, are yielded
as an offset to those having really no foundation.
The claim by the United States for remuneration
of seizures and spoliations under the treaties of
alliance and commerce, after the United Slates by
act of Congress had declared those treaties at an
end, was likely to be met by the best pretext for
chum the French Government could find under
the same treaties.    As neither of the claims was
perhaps tenable, under the practice of nations, to
make no restitution whore a state of war—call it,
if you please, a " quasi-w&r"—had existed, so
both nations at length were willing each to with-
draw  its  respective  pretensions  under treaties
which had been broken and declared to be void,
and to offset each against the other all the cap-
tures and condemnations that had occurred during
the existing differences.    And both nations did j
well for their citizens to make peace even on these I
terms; neither laid itself liable, by consenting to |
waive the further pressing of individual claims, >
for the payment of such claims.   Negotiation and i
war could not reclaim them; and the nation was '
not bound further to comprom.it the welfare of its j
citizens by continuing a belligerent attitude on j
account of these claims.                   -                         j
Mr. President, my propositions are-
and spoliations beyond what they particularly
specified in the treaty of September 30, 1800.
2.  That the United States, after pressing France
'for a restitution of those claims, so long as they
could do it without a sacrifice of other paramount
public and private interests, assumed no respons-
ibility for their payment by consenting to press
those peculiar claims no further.
3.  That if the fact of the existence of war and
the abrogation of prior treaties shall be denied,
still, the United States, having first violated no
previous treaty, were under no obligation to
France, and owed her nothing for such infrac-
tion.
4.  That as the United States owed nothing to
France, so the claimants are entitled to no com-
pensation from the United States for any alleged
claims on France.
Mr. President, I listened with close attention to
the argument of the Senator from Maine, [Mr
Shbplet,] in favor of these claims. From the
logical mind of that gentleman,! had anticipated
much stronger reasons for passing the bill than
he did present; from his known aptitude for
thorough investigation, I had anticipatcc! an array
of facts giving color at least to the strong and
positive statements which he bad before promised
to make so clear and apparent. In his argument
I have heen disappointed.
Because the Government of the United States
—(when we say Government we mean not all
branches of the Government, but only the Exec-
utive or its agents)—because the agents of .this
Government expressed a willingness and a wish
to negotiate on the basis of the ancient treaties,
and as if no war had existed, the Senator infers
no war did exist. He quotes the French Minis-
ters who negotiated the treaty of 1800, as saying
that " the treaties have not heen broken—that there
' has only been a misunderstanding"—that "they
' never thought of making war, nor of creating
'commotions" in the United States; and this he
considers positive and conclusive proof that war
had notexisted, and that the treaties had not been
broken. But did the Senator recollect that, in start-
ing with his argument, he first labored to show that the
French nation at the very commencement had vio-
lated the treaties by ordering the seizure and arrest of
neutral ships, and the ships of the United Statesicith
the rest ?
" The treaties have not been broken." Will
the Senator take this ground to make the claims
binding on the United States ? Has it not been
shown that the treaties were broken ? The gen-
tleman himself had first to insist that France
broke the treaty when she first directed the seiz-
ure of the neutral property: Barbe Marbois says
France first broke the alliance: the very book of
documents compiled to prove these claims opens
with complaints, that France had been the fust
to violate her treaty engagements.
The gentleman says the state of things that ex-
isted was not war-, that neither nation set up that
there was war; that France has never plead war
as a release from these claims; that the annulling
of treaties amounted only to cause of war. If
both the American and French authorities at any
time chose to negotiate on the basis of status quo
ante bellum, or even to infer that a general capture
of property and hard fighting on both sides was
not war, the saine authorities will rise in contra-
diction of this position. Messrs. Ellsworth,
Davie, and Murray, in their Journal of Septem-
ber 12, 1800, expressly say that the president of
the French commission declared (and the other
two commissioners united with him m the declar-
ation) that he would sooner resign than sign a
treaty with indemnities; that any impartial tri-
bunal would declare the present state of things
to be war, and that being a state of war, no in-
demnities could be claimed.
The same American commissioners themselves,
in so many words, declare that there was war;
they say the treaties have undergone the nullify-
ing operation that war imposes; that " d.oubtless
' t!ie congressional act authorizing the reduction
' of French cruisers by force was an authorization
' of war, limited indeed in its extent, but not in Us
' nature;"&nú that " clearly also,their subsequent
' act, that the treaties had ceased to be obligatoiy,
' however proper it might be for the removal of
tt •" i a a State of war Ijetween France and the ; ' doubts, n'<w but dectaiatory of the state of tilings;
United States effectually put an end to all obliga- ¡| 'and ceruinly," they say—uiaik the expn's-
tiou by Iraucu to make restitution for'captures .: siou!—'■' ii was only iioui an ej-crche of the en-
