1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
slitutional prerogative of declaring war thai either of
them derived validity."
Oliver Wolcott, Secretary of the Treasury, in
his report to Congress, January 23, 1800, after
the consular government had directed a relaxa-,
tío  of the war operations, inferred a state of war-
to exist, as will be seen by the following extracts:
"That all exports to France or her dependen-
' cíes were prohibited after.t.b.e 1st day of July,
' 1798, (by law of Congress.)
" Vessels have been canied to the vicinity of
' French poits, where, as it is believed, they have
' been captured  by French privateers, in conse-
quence   of preconcerted arrangements.    Other
vessels have entered French ports on pretense
of distress.    Although the vessels have, in many
instances, been liberated, yet the cargoes have
' been detained by order of Government."
The Secretary continues: "The plea of forci-
ble exchange cannot be admitted without permit-
' ting the French Government virtually to repeal
' our laws by means of their own internal regu-
' lations; and if the United States refuse to sub-
' mit to an insidious policy, and some of our
citizens suffer losses, it is against the French
and not the American Government that their
' complaints ought to be directed."
I repeat, sir, if these claims had not been inter-
posed, a state of war  would never have been
.doubted; and  it will  be  seen  that the  whole
French commission repudiated the idea that the
" state of things" was anything else than war.
It was entirely unnecessary that theSenatorso
long dwelt on the proofs that the property for
which restitution is claimed was illegally seized.
The illegal seizure is ii^it doubted; and while he
would uige this as a reason why the American
Government should stand in the place of France
to make restitution, we urge it as one of the proofs
that the United States are exonerated from this resti-
tution; for if by these seizures France first broke
the treaties, nothing was due from the United
States, even if it should be admitted that we after-
wards violated those treaties, as_ it cannot be con-
tended that one party was bound to a rigid
adherence to the treaties after the other party had
repeatedly violated them, and persisted m her
determination to continue their violation.
The Senator says, the United States in repeated
instances acknowledged the goodness of these
claims; that the negotiators on some occasions
urged them on France as good and valid; and the
Secretary of State declared that the captures were
made "in direct violation of the treaties." In-
structions were also given making it an " indis-
pensable condition" that all captures shall be in-
demnified. The fact, that when the whole treaty-
making power (not the negotiators alone, but the
President and Senate) was brought to act, indem-
nification was not "an indispensable condition,"
is belter proof that the Government did not, than
did consider this a debt good and of valuable
consideration on their part.
But the Senator says, " France was willing to
indemnify, provided we would acknowledge the
treaties to be still in existence"—that she said
" the parties on both sides ought ^o be compen-
sated." Has France, since she threw up indem-
nities on both sides, ever made restitution to her
citizens for the property which was captured and
condemned by the Americans? Not a dollar!
France, it is true, was willing to allow an indem-
nity, provided we would allow her a greater in-
demnity, or give her a chance to obtain one. She
was willing to revive ancient treaties thathad been
declared null and void on both sides, if she could
make a better bargain in the one case than she
eoald in the other. But France, in the end, great
as was the amount of her claim, was willing to
make it a drawn game.
The gist of the whole matter is, " the consid-
eration," " the valuable consideration" received
by the United States, for which we are bound to
pav these claims.
The astute advocate of the claims in the Amer-
ican Quarterly Review had said the claims of
France on the United States "were indefinite,
' and from their nature, incapable of exact calctl-
' lation; but they were not on that account less
' real, or less entitled to attention."
I bad hoped the Senator from Maine would be
more definite. The violation of the guarantee in
the treaty of alliance is set up as giving France
her principal .claim on us.   I have shown you,
as I trust, that France never asked of the United
States,thc performance of this guarantee, which
would at once have thrown us into collision with
England. It was for the interest of France itself
that the .United States should maintain a neutral
position after she had declared war against Eng-
land; and if it had not been her interest, the guar-
antee was binding on us only while France was !
engaged in a defensive, not an offensive, war. '
In any event, she could not complain until she
had at least made a formal request. Even had
France requested, the reasoning of General Ham-
ilton, and his quotation from Vattel, most con-
clusively demonstrate that, if the United States
had promised succors to France by treaty, if.thc
furnishing those succors would expose it toan
evident danger, this danger is a lawful dispensa-
tion from the obligation.
The lengthy correspondence that took place
between different envoys and agents, from 1793
to 1800, as well under the ever-changing adminis-
trations of the French directory, as under the
consular rule of Bonaparte, is full of evidence
that neither the guarantee in the treaty of alliance,
nor the obligations of the treaties of commerce,
were at any time insisted on by France Then
Messrs. Pinckney, Marshall, and Gerry, in a
letter to the Secretary of State, assign, as the
principal ground of complaint, that the French
directory " wanted a loan " from the United
States, which they had no authority to grant;
and added, " the directory felt itself wounded by
the different speeches of Mr. Washington and
Mr. Adams."
General Washington, accepting the command
in chief of the armies of the United States in 1798,
at the time of the rupture or war with France,
distinctly alleges the unfounded pretensions of
the French directory as his principal reason for j
once again standing in the service of the country. {
He says he is induced to enter the service by I
" their disregard of solemn treaties and the laws of .
nations," and that " their demands on us amount
to tribute."
The Senator has undertaken to show what were
the claims of France on the United States, con-
stituting the obligation of the United States to
the present claimants. If I understood him right,
they consisted entirely in the value of our obli-
gations to France, under the several treaties of
alliance and commerce of 1778. Ho' says the
mutual guarantee of one of the treaties, that one
party should protect the other in irado with its
own enemy, was a valuable property to France,
inasmuch as it would have secured her a trade of
incalculable amount.
To confront his exposition of these obligations,
and even the allegation that the United States at
any time violated the treaties, the volumes of
published diplomatic papers furnish abundant
testimony. You can scarcely open the books
without falling upon them. One or two quotations
to this point, at different periods, may sufftcc.
General Washington, in his message to Con-
gress, December 5, 1793, speaking of the difficul-
ties with France, says:
" In the mean time, I have respected and pur-
'sued the stipulations of our treaties, according
' to what I judged their true sense; and have with-
1 held noactof friendship which their (the French)
' affairs have called for from us, and which jus-
' tice to others left us free to perform." .
And as covering nearly the whole ground of
controversy, the following extract of a letter from
the three American envoys, Messrs. Pinckney,
Marshall, and Gerry, to the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, dated February 7,1798, will serve
to prove that, from the beginning to nearly the
end of the chapter, the American Government
had no idea it was violating any obligation to
France by the neutral position it had assumed:
" America (say they) found itself at peace with
'all the belligerent Powers: she was connected
' with some of them by treaties of amity and
' commerce, and with France by a treaty of alli-
' anee also. These several treaties were consid-
' nred with the most serious attention, and with a
' sincere wish to determine, by fair construction,
' the obligations which they really imposed. The
' result of this inquiry was a full conviction that Iter
' engagements by no means bound her to lake part in
' the war, but left her so far the mistress of her
' own conduct, as to be at perfect liberty to pur-
' sue a real system of neutrality."
The Senator from Maine has not shown that
this construction of the treaties by the eminent
men then constituting the Government of the
United States was a false construction. He must
show this to prove that the United States were
under any obligation to France for failing to per-
form any treaty stipulation. Will Senators at
this day contend that Washington's proclamation
of the neutrality was indefensible?
The offer of the envoys of the United States
to pay a specific, sum to release them from the
obligations of these treaties, I consider in no other
light than an offer to subtract that amount from
the claims on France, if she would consent to al-
low those claims. It was a diplomatic expedient
to evade thatstate of things which really existed,
and which, if admitted to exist, precluded all
chance of restitution. It was a diplomatic expe-
dient calculated to secure something for the claims
on France, whereas, without it, nothing could be
obtained. Hence wo find the American envoys
willing to give eight millions of francs, while
they absolutely refused to leave anything to the
uncertain decision of a board of commissioners
If they had considered this French pretension as
of any real value, they would have been equally
willing as was France to have submitted the whole
questions arising under tile treaties to a board of
commissioners.
Mr. President, of late years invention seems
to be put to the rack in devising waysand'means
to abstract money from the public Treasury. In
proportion to the facilities of accumulating money
under an onerous system of duties and taxation
have the expedients for expending and making
away with the funds of the Government multi-
plied. Individual claimants are continually press-
ing on Congress for those antiquated claims, of'
the existence of which the claimants themselves
were not aware until they obtained the informa-
tion from some speculator, whose whole business
is to hunt them up from musty records, and mag-
nanimously offer, for a moiety of what shall be
recovtred, to do the business of obtaining them.
Many a man in some distant section of the coun-
try has unexpectedly received the offer of five, or
ten, or tweiuy pel cent, foi his chance of recov-
ering a claim in behalf of his father or grand-
father, for something done or suffered in t\ days
of the Revolution, or in the time of, the qu«si war
with France, or at some other period of national
distress. Claims of this kind, although thousands
have been paid off, are more numerous now than
they have been atany period within the last thirty
years, and they will continue to multiply. Suc-
cess in procuring large sums on claims which
have little or no foundation, emboldens others to
advance theirs, fraud and forgery arc sometimes
brought in to aid in abstracting the money of the
Treasury, it is made the interest of ihc several
States to procure each as much as possible for
its share of these allowances; and even members
of Congress, acting honestly for the local inter-
ests of their constiiuents, become themselves in-
strumental in contributing to the common abuses.
If the claims intended to be provided for in
this bill shall be allowed, the main part of them
will go to swell the enoimous wealth of a class
of men who owe then good fortune not to their
patriotism, but to that cupidity which has often
shown itself willing to sacrific, the country's best
good on the altar of avarice. Who but the under-
writers and insurers, and those who have ven-
tured on the ocean in pursuit of an unauthorized
trade—who but those who have shown them-
selves willing to sacrifice " free trade and sailors'
rights," and to abandon their country in a great
contest for equal rights and justice on the ocean
—who but these,and such a;- these, will be bene-
fited bv the passage of this bill ? Nevertheless,
I would pay every dollar that is justly due these
and all other men. I cannot believe the Govern-
ment owes one cent of these claims; and, there-
fore, 1 oppose the passage of the hill.
When Mr. H. concluded, Mr. ROBBINS took
the floor and moved an adjournment, which pre-
vailed.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 23, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Mr. HUBBARD, of New Hampshire;
