i
68          ________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 23,
'  Mr. BAYLIES, of Massachusetts;
Mr. BURGES, of Rhode Island;
Mr. JACKSON, of Connecticut;
Messrs.ADAMS,HAZELTINE,LANSING,
and MANN, of New York;
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey;
Messrs SUTHERLAND and HEISTER, of
Pennsylvania;
Messrs. GORDON and MOORE, of Virginia;
Mr. PINCKNEY, of South Carolina;
Messrs. MARSHALL and BEATY, of Ken-
tucky;
Mr. DICKINSON, of Tennessee;
Mr. KILGORE, of Ohio;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana;
Messrs. LANE and K1NNARD, of Indiana;
[Mr. Lane, of Indiana, presented the petition
of the citizens of Rising Sun, in the county of
Dearborn, praying the establishment of a post
route from Versailles, in Ripley county, thence
down the Valley of Lauchcry Creek, by way of
"Watt's Mill, Dillsborough, James's Mills, Hart-
ford, to Rising Sun, thence to Burlington, Boon
county, Kentucky.
And a similar petition of the citizens of Decatur
and Rush counties, praying a mail route from
Napoleon, in Ripley county, to Clarksburg, in
Decatur county, thence, by way of Richland,
New Salem, Dickson's Store, Smelser's Mills,
in Rush county, to Louisville, in Henry county,
Indiana.
Mr. Kinnaro presented additional documents
in support of the petition of James Calvin, an in-
valid soldier of the late war; which were referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
Mr. MAY, of Illinois;
[Mr. Mat presented the petition of sundry in-
habitants of the country of McLean, praying the
establishment of a post route from Springfield,
Illinois, to Chicago, in said State.]
Messrs. McKINLEY and MURPHY, of Ala-
bama;
Mr. LYON, of Michigan;
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland;
"Which memorials and amendments were ap-
propriately referred.   '
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; which were
read twice, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year 1835; and
A bill making appropiiations for the current
expenses of the Indian Department, for the year
1835.
Mr. POLK, from the same committee, report-
ed the following resolution; which was agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for a clerk to be employed in
the office of superintendent of Indian Affairs at
St. Louis.
Mr. WATMOUGH, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill explanatory of the
act of 20th June, 1834, making certain allowances,
and gianting arrearages to officers of the United
States corps of marines; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac
Wellborne, Jr., and William Wellborne; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill supplementary to the act of last session,
granting preemption rights in certain cases to the
settlers on the public lands; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CAMRRELENG.from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported an amendment to the
bill to exempt merchandise imported under cer-
tain circumstances from the operation of the act
of 10th May, "1828; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Aflairs, reported a bill to re-
vive and continue in force an act to provide for
persons who were disabled by known wounds
received during the war of the Revolution; which
Was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the select committee
apppointed for that  purpose, reported the fol-
lowing joint resolution; which was read twice,
and ordered to be engrossed. [See Senate pro-
ceedings.]
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which lies over one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be direct-
ed to lay before this House a report of the expend-
iture hitherto made in the improvement of the
Cumberland river, and the effect thereof, with any
information in his possession as to the extent to
which such improvement can be carried up the
said river, and at what cost.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BEATY, on leave, submitted a joint res-
olution for an adjournment of the two Houses
from the 23d to the 29th instant.
Mr. WATMOUGH moved to amend the mo-
tion by substituting the 24th instant for the 23d.
Mr. POLK said, that the motion was unpre-
cedented. He was not aware of a single instance
in which a similar proposition had been adopted,
and he saw no particular reason for departing
from the usage of the House in this instance.
He, therefore, moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table.
Mr. WARDWELL demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the subject on the table;
which were ordered,and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Gluincy Adams, John
Adams, Heman Allen, John J. Allen, Chilton
Allan, William Allen, Ashley, Banks, Barringer,
Baylies, Bean, Boon, Bouldin, Briggs, Brown,
Bull, Burges, Burns, Bynum, Cage, Cambrcleng,
Carmichael, Can-, Cas.ey, Chambers, Chaney,
Chilton, Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clow-
ney, Coffee, Coulter, Crockett, Darlington, Amos
Davis, Davenport, Day, Denny, Dickson, Dick-
erson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Fijlmore, Forester,
Fowler, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith, Gamble, Gholson, Gillet, Gordon,
Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Thomas
II. Hall, Halsey, Hardin, Joseph M. Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hazeltine, Henderson,
Hcister, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Eben-
ezer Jackson, 'Janes, Jarvis, Richard M. John-
son, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kav-
anagh, King, Kinnard, Lane, Lay, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Loyall,
Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K.
Mann, Marshall, Mardis, Moses Mason, May,
McCarty, McComas, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kennan,McKim,McKinley,McLene,McVean,
Mercer, Miller, Miner, Robert Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Parker, Dutee
J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Polk, Potts, Ramsay,
Reed, Readier, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck,
Augustine H. Shepperd, Shinn, Slade, Sloane,
Smith, Stewart, William Taylor, Francis Thom-
as, Philemon Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins,
Trumbull, Turner, Tweedy, VanderpocI, Van
Houtcn, Wagener,Wardwell, Watmough, Web-
ster, Whallon, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise,
and Young —150.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Beale, Beaty, Camp-
bell, William Clark, Clayton, Corwin, Crane,
Evans, Gorham, Heath, William Jackson, Wil-
liam C. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry John-
son, Lansing, Manning, Martmdale, Milligan,
Phillips, Pickens, Pierson, Pinckney, Spangler,
Vance, Vinton, and Frederick Whittlesey—28.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted yester-
day, were considered and agreed to:
By Mr. BYNUM:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be in-
structed to lay before this House a report of the
progress of different works of internal improve-
ments now carried on by the General Govern-
ment in the State of North Carolina, and the
amount of appropriations expended in the pros-
ecution of the same.
By Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be instructed to report to this House a statement
of the disbursements and appropriations made
since the 9th of April, 1832, under the following
heads, viz: Fortifications, light-houses, public
debt, revolutionary and other pensions, internal
improvements, including the piers and breaks
waters, preservation of ports and harbors, remov.
ing obstructions in rivers and creeks, and the
support of lighthouses, including all incidental
expenses, showing, as far as practicable, the
amount disbursed in each year, and in each State,
and in each Territory.
. Resolved further, That the Secretary blend the
report hereby required to be made with the re-
ports from his Department to this House, dated
on the31stDecember,1829,and April-9,1832, so
as to exhibit at one view the expenses of the
Government from its commencement to the time
under the heads designated.
By Mr. SLOANE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit to this House an estimate
of the expense of erecting a beacon light at the
mouth of the Black liver, in the State of Ohio,
and any report that accompanied said statement.
Mr. HUBBARD offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to this House copies
of any correspondence which has taken place be-
tween himself or any of his predecessors in office
since 1834, as far as practicable, with any.of the
officers of the Bank of the United States, or of
any of its branches, which may have any relation
to the claim of the United States against the Bank
of Columbia, and to communicate his opinion as
to the probability of collecting the balance, orany
part thereof, now due from the Bank of Columbia
to the United States.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, offered the
following resolution; which lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to this House
such information as he may have, and which in
his opinion may be proper to be communicated,
and not incompatible with the public interest,
showing the steps which have been taken, and the
progress which has been made, in effecting an
adjustment and satisfaction of the claims of Amer-
ican citizens upon the Mexican Government.
Mr. LINCOLN offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States he requested to lay before this House (if, in
his opinion, it is not incompatible with the public
interest) any communications which may have
been had between the Government of the United
States and that of Great Britain, since the rejec-
tion by the former of the advisory opinion of the
King of the Netherlands,in reference to the estab-
lishment and final settlement of the northeastern
boundary of the United States, heretofore in con-
troversy between the two Governments.
And that he also be requested to communicate
any information he may possess of the exercise
of practical jurisdiction by the authorities of the
British Province of New Brftnswick over the dis-
puted territory within the limits of the State of
Maine, according to the true line of boundary as
claimed by the United States, and especially upon
that part of the territory which has been incor-
porated by the government of Maine into the
town of Madawaska; together with such repre-
sentations and correspondence (if any) as have
been had by the Executive of that State with the
Government of the United States on the subject.
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing an ordnance department for the naval
service.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Knottsville, Monongahela county, Virginia, to
Kingwood,in Preston county, Virginia,and from
Brandon to Smith field, in Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr, GRAHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Ashville, in North Carolinarby Ednysville and
Mill's  Gap, to   Spartansburg Court-ilouse, in
South Carolina.
On motion of Mr. CHILTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
