1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                     m
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post office at the
White Sulphur Springs, in Grayson county, Ken-
tucky; and that said committee further inquire
into the*expediency of establishing a post route
from Brandonburg, m Mead county, to Litch-
field, in Grayson county, by way of the post office
at Big Spring.
On motion of Mr. CRANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post route
from Dayton, in Montgomery county, Ohio,
through Germantown and Jaeksonburg, to Ox-
ford, m Butler county, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing asalary and office rent forthe surveyor
on Port Ponchartrain, in the State of Louisiana.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. FOSTER asked the House to take up and
consider the resolution submitted by him some
days since, calling on the President of the United
States for information connected with our rela-
tions with France; but, at the suggestion of Mr.
Wayne, the motion to consider was withdrawn.
EXPENDITURES ON PUBLIC GROUNDS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Commissioner of the Public Buildings,
in obedience to the act of the 3d March, 1829,
containing an account of the expenditures upon
the improvement of the public grounds; which,
on motion of Mr. Jaryis, was laid on the table,
a*hd directed to be printed.
OATHS BY REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
The bill authorizing the registers and receivers
of the public land offices to administer oaths con-
nected with the entry and sale of the public lands,
was read a third time, and passed.
PAY OF ARMY AND NAVY OFFICERS.
The House then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Briggs in the chair,) on the bill to equalize and
regulate the pay of the officers of the Army and.
Navy of the United States, and the amendments
thereunto proposed by Mr. WATMouGH,as chair-
man of the select committee, and Mr. Wise, a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The discussion was resumed on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wise, to increase the compensa-
tion of boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-
makers, and adding the office of armorers to tlie
list, allowing each ¿700 while waiting orders, and
$800 while on duty.
Mr. WATMOUGH briefly stated the objections
which existed in his mind to the amendment. He
repeated the ideas he liad previously advanced,
that it was highly important to offer inducements
for these officers to remain at sea, rather than on
shore; and hence the difference in the compensa-
tion in those situations. He was willing to allow
them $750 when on board a frigate, and $600
while on board a sloop, brig, or schooner, or
while acting on shore. Further he could not con-
sistently go.
Mr. WISE declined to accept this proposition,
and stated the reasons which urged him to doso.
These men, holding these very responsible sta-
tions, he was wellinformed could notliveon shore
with the compensation proposed for them. It
was not to avoid duty at sea, that these men de-
sired a fair compensation while they were casu-
ally at home with their families. They merely
ask that they may live. He was well assured
that the present inadequate pay brought only
such as, from their habits and abilities, were un-
worthy of the station—who required a thorough
purgation before they were competent to the per-
formance of their important duties. The pay of
these men, he contended, bore no fair comparison
with that of other officers of the Navy, in propor-
tion with their duties.
Mr. REED said these men could have no leave
of absence, inasmuch as there was only one of
each of them attached to a vessel. He did not
deem it important to include the office of armorer
in the amendment.
Mr. WISE replied, contending that a ship was
not properly manned without an armorer, and
one, too, more competent than a common black-
smith—one, probably, whose services could not
be procured for a less sum than twenty-five cents
per hour. Such was the information which he
had been enabled to collect from authentic sources
in relation to this office.
Mr. WATMOUGH again explained, and urged
some further objections to the amendment.
Mr. SUTHERLAND asked the privilege of
saying one word in favor of these men. He com-
plained that his former remarks upon this subject
had been misunderstood or misrepresented. He
only asked the committee to allow these officers
a proper compensation while they were at home.
His argument was, that while they were at home
with their families, they should D*e takencare of,
and not, as proposed by this unequal reduction
of their wages on shore, be hurried off again to
sea as soon almost as their feet have touched
the shore. He spoke paiucularly t>f boatswains,
and the importance of their services. He would
not make these men exiles from their homes,
their wives, and children, under the penalty of
having their pay reduced to the inadequate sum
of $360 per annum. These men possessed the
same natural affections—the same strong feel-
ings for their families, that others did. The
carpenter (he added) was a very important man
on board, and he dwelt on the onerous nature of
his duties. He said he was aware that his col-
league [Mr. Watmoiigh] came from a district
where these real working men—the bone and sin-
ews of war—were numerous. The committee,
of which that gentleman was chairman, was con-
stituted to equalizethe payof officers. He wished
to see, at least, an equalization of the pay of those
serving On board the same ship. After some
further observations, Mr. S. concluded with the
remark, that all the experienced individuals with,
whom he had consulted joined him in the views
he had taken on this important point, of giving
to these officers a more adequate compensation
while on shore—while in the bosom of their fami-
lies—a blessing which they so seldom enjoyed.
Mr. BATES said he conceived this question
to be a mere matter of fact, and not a subject for
oratorical flourishes. He asked if the amend-
ment embraced the views of the officers of the
Navy? for by their judgment and discretion his
own would be, in a great measure, controlled.
Mr. WISE replied, in effect, that it did.
Mr. BURGES wished this subject could be
discussed without so much ardor. He thought
the return of these officers to their families once
in two or three years should be satisfactory to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Suther-
land.] However that might be, he believed the
laborer worthy of his hire. He was attached to
that class of our fellow-citizens, and he hoped he
never should forget the sympathy which lie had
ever felt and professed for the working classes.
But it seemed that all at once this class were sup-
posed to possess extraordinary merit. They
were even put in advance of your admirals and
your generals. Mr. B. contended that the com-
pensation contained in the bill was amply suffi-
cient, and that it was more than some of the
individuals referred to could get if following their
occupations out of the public service. He was
willing to encourage bravery, but was not in
favor of paying to these men a sum so greatly
disproportionate to the service rendered. He
went at length into particulars connected with
the pay, duties, &c, of the various individuals
engaged in the naval service.
Mr. REED, of Massachusetts, referred to the
report of the Secretary of the Navy on this sub-
ject, to show that the bill went as far as was rec-
ommended by the Department on the particular
subject of the amendment. He made no preten-
sions of exclusive friendship for the working men
in the community or the Navy; he was willing to
do justice to all. The persons embraced in this
amendment were seldom absent on leave. It was
almost impossible to do without them on board
ship, particularly a ship of the largest class. Ref-
erence had been made to the pay of seamen. He
was in favor of giving that class of the service
the most ample compensation. He should have
moved an amendment to that effect if he had not
believed that it was not strictly proper to embrace
seamen in the present bill.
Mr. FERRIS observed that he did not wish to
trespass on the patience of the House, or unne-
cessarily to prolong this exciting debate; but he
claimed the indulgence of the House while he
should endeavor to answer an argument adduced
by the gentleman from Rhode Island, and deliv-
ered with so much ingenuity, ability, and elo-
quence, as to make an  impression against the
proposed amendment.    The gentleman triumph-
antly asks,  why  a  mechanic attached   to   the
national service should   be allowed more wages
than a mechanic of the same grade could earn on
shore?  It appeared to Mr. F. there were obvious
reasons why there should be a greater allowance.
The mechanic on shore had many advantages
over those in the service.   They had the enjoy-
mentof the domestic fireside and thesocial circle—
the advantages of forming connections in society,
and, if he possessed talents and enterprise, he
might, by economy, lay up a small capital, and,
with the assistance of friends, establish himself
! in business, become a master mechanic, and a
I man of fortune.    Many of our most substantial
! citizens have risen in this way, who look back
| with satisfaction upon their enterprise, industry,
: and economy, which have led them from small
j beginnings to comfort and affluence.   The me-
! chanic attached to the service is deprived of all
these advantages.  His sole dependence is on the
provision his country has made him, and, from
'    the allowance proposed, he could lay up but a
small  pittance  for that period  when  age  and
infirmity shall render him unlit for service, and
i when he shall  be compelled  to linger out the
| remnant of his days in comparative penury and
'  | want without a cheering hope to animate him—
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the  education, at the
Military Academy,  of the junior  midshipmen
now in service, and of such as may be hereafter
appointed; the whole number   of students  not
to exceed the number of cadets allowed by the
existing laws.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a port of entry at Alton, in the State
of Illinois.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed  to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill to relieve  William Walker, of
Jackson   county,   Alabama,   from   the   conse-
quences of a mistake in the entry of a tract of
land in that county.
On motion of Mr. DAVENPORT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post  route  from
Weldon, North Carolina, viaBoydton, Charlotte
Court House, and Brookneal, to Green Hill, in
the county of Campbell, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for a new judicial district in
the Territory of Florida, the judge of said district
to reside at Appalacluola.
On motion of Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making compensation to the society of Mora-
vians for the expenses incurred at their mission-
ary establishments within the limits of the Cher-
okee tribe of Indians.
On motion of Mr. KAVANAGH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
¡nuking an  appropriation for placing buoys in
Damariscotta river, in the State of Maine.
On motion of Mr. BEAN.it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing the  name of John  Kaime, of New
Hampshire, on the list of invalid pensions.
On motion of Mr. READ, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
discontinuing one of the light-houses in Chatham,
Massachusetts.
