1834..                              THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     71
weary the patience of the Senate with motions to
improve the navigation of the Wabash, and my
remaiks in supporting them; but, sir, the claims
of that river to public consideration, the situation
of the country, and the condition of the people
that inhabit the Wabash and its tributaries, have
been so much misunderstood elsewhere, that I
owe it to the Senate, to the country, and to my-
self, to invite the attention of Congress to that
subject once more. This 1 propose to do at this
time, and promise to be as brief as I can to do
the subject that justice its importance to the West
demands.
This motion contemplates establishing a port
of entry at Lafayette, on the Wabash. This
town is situate about four hundred miles by the
river from the mouth of the Wabash, and two
hundred and fifteen, by our canal, from the Mau-
mee bay, on Lake Erie, surrounded by a country
unsurpassed in fertility of soil, becoming wealthy,
and of immense resources. In proposing to es-
tablish a port of entry at the place mentioned, 1
have two objects in view; first, to invite and ex-
tend commerce to the interior of our country, and
to remove the last objection that can be raised to
an appropriation of money by Congress to im-
prove the navigation of the river.
This proposition has nothing- new or novel in
it; the principle has been frequently acted on by
Congress; ports of entry have been established
high up on many of our rivers, and I am unable
to°perceive any good objection to this being done.
It invites our merchants in the interior to become
the importers of their own goods, direct from
foreign markets, to such parts of our country as
consume them, thereby saving to the merchants
iu (he interior the drayage, storage, commission,
and other charges that they are subjected to when
their packages have to be opened, goods stored,
and duty paid, in the ports of New York or New
Orleans.
ft is true that steamboats cannot pass the rapids
at White river, and ascend the Wabash to Lafay-
ette and our canal, when the river is low. This
was also the case with the Ohio before the con-
struction of the Louisville and Portland canal.
Steamboats could not pass the Falls of the Ohio,
to ascend to Cincinnati and Pittsburg, unless the
Ohio was high, and ports of entry were estab-
lished at both places. The United States con-
tributed to aid the construction of the Louisville
and Portland canal, and we expect them to im-
prove the navigation of the Wabash.
The Wabash is equally as susceptible of navi-
gation above the rapids, near White river, as the
Ohio from Marietta to Pittsburg, and better than
Cumberland; and a port of entry has been estab-
lished at Nashville. Of this 1 do not complain;
it is, in my judgment, right and proper. I ask
no more for the Wabash than has been done for
other rivers of similar claims, and I hope this will
not be denied.
By the Blue Book I find that ports of entry are
established in several of the old States, at places
where it was once thought necessary, that turn
out to be rather unimportant. Some of these
ports yield no revenue, but officers of the cus-
toms are appointed; and where no business is to
be performed no salary is paid. At other places
one hundred and fifty or one hundred and eighty
dollars are paid, where but little service is re-
quired. A port of entry at Lafayette cannot be
less important than some of those arc.
It is due to the intelligent and enterprising pop-
ulation invited by the wise policy of this Gov-
ernment to seek homes on the western waters,
that a port of entry should be established among
them, to encourage commerce. In 1827 a grant
of land was made to aid in constructing a canal
to connect, at navigable points, the waters of the
Wabash with those of Lake Erie. This grant
consists of the one half of five miles on each side
of the canal line, to be divided by alternate Ueis
of sections.                                                          .
The State of Indiana rated her lands at first,
second, and thiid-rate. Those lands are sold at
#1 50, $2 £0, or p 50 per acre. Agreeably to
this rate, by thus rating the canal lands, we have
raised the United States lands in that vicinity to
a corresponding value; and a quantity of United
States lands have been sold at these prices, that
would have remained unsold for twenty years to
come, if no public improvement had been begun
in that country.
The United States received §693,522 40 for
lands sold in Indiana last year, from the extraor-
dinary sales. I infer that these sales are owing
to the improvements going on there, and that the
grant of land to aid in the construction of the
Wabash and Erie canal has been beneficial to
the United States; and I challenge the most vio-
lent opponent of internal improvement to pass
our rivers, lakes, and canals, from New York to
New Orleans, and say, if he will, that these pub-
lic works do not promote the best interest of our
country.
After leaving the steamboat at Albany, the
traveler will pass rapidly on the railroad to Sche-
nectady, thence westward, he sees millions of
tons of freight floating on the canal and lake to
the far West. Continuing his journey southwest
along the Maumee river, that part of the Wabash
and Erie canal line not yet under contract, here the
country is progressing slowly in population and
cultivation; but when the traveler arrives at Fort
Wayne, where the work is progressing on our
canal, everybody is engaged, all is bustle and
business; and from Fort "Wayne, crossing the
summit between the Mississippi and the St. Law-
rence,seventy-five miles of the canal are completed,
or in agood state of forwardness. Here aro to be
seen farms and villages springing up, as it were,
by magic; nothing is wanting but a continuance
of the fostering care of this Government to make
this a most desirable part of the country in a
short time.
Emigrants are daily arriving among us from
New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. Men of
wealth and business, who have been engaged as
engineers or contractors on the public woiks in
the old States that have been finished, go West
with educated and intelligent families, seeking a
, permanent home. These present a very different
! appearance from that class of individuals that
roam the western wilds after bear and deer.
Should a traveler stop for the night in one of
our villages that are springing up at every ten or
fifteen miles along the canal, where the work has
been begun, and does not rise by twilight, he
will be aroused by the sound of the hammer, the
woodman's ax, or the mechanic's plane. This
is tlie finit of the wise policy heretofore pursued
by this Government towards the new States in the
West: its blessings cannotbe too widely diffused.
I happened in conversation with one of the
postmasters last fall; he remarked that he was
astonished to see the number of newspapers and
pamphlets that passed his office for Huntington,
and other villages-on the canal. " The people in
these neighborhoods take more papers," said he,
" than many other places of twice their age and
four times their population—and must be a read-
ing people." This is, no doubt, true;"and where
we find a reading people wo always find a moral
and industrious people, who patronize schools
and other institutions that enlighten the mind
and elevate the character of man.
The population that are flocking to that coun-
try arc both enterprising and industrious. By
their exertion they are opening farms, budding
towns, and constructing the canal. The face of
the country is undergoing a wonderful change.
What was but a few days ago a desert for wild
beasts to roam through, has become the peaceful
abode of civilized man. It is in that country, and
for the benefit of these people, that I have en-
deavored to describe that I wish to establish a
port of entry , and to improve the navigation of
their river.
Strong inducements have been held out to the
people to purchase and settle western lands. Men
who have emigrated to the West, and divested
themselves of the commercial facilities to which
they were accustomed in the eastern States, look
to the General Government to extend these facili-
ties to their new homes; and the Government
owes it to the people to diffuse its blessings to
all parts of our country where it can be done
with convenience, as it can in this case.
I am not one of those who believe, that a law
of Congress, establishing a port of entry, confers
| power to appropriate money to improve rivers.
! All that has been said and written upon this sub-
! ject has not changed my mind.    I entertain no
doubt but the power exists to appropriate money
to improve rivers in any part of the United States
¡ or their Territories, Where the  business of the
i people requires such improvement.
The eighth section of the first article of,the Con-
stitution of the United States, granting powers,
reads thus:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and col-
' lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises; to pay
' the debts and provide for the common defense
' and general welfare of the United States."
The same section concludes as follows:
" To make all laws which shall be necessary
' and proper for carrying into execution the fore-
1 going powers, and all other powers vested by
' this Constitution in the Government of the
' United States, or in any department or officer
'thereof."
Here is a grant of power by the Constitution
itself, authorizing the legislative department of
the Government to make all laws necessary and
proper for the public interest. The ordinance of
Congress of July 13,1787, is older than the Con-
stitution, and binding on the parties to that instru-
ment, (which has, unfortunately, been too much,
overlooked in this whole transaction.) The Wa-
bash is a reserved public highway, free to all the
people of the United States; and I propose to
i establish a port of entry on that river, and to
' improve this public highway. I can find no limit-
ation on the power of Congress, or the President,
tis regards appropriations to improve the naviga-
tion of rivers, and to establish ports of entry,
besides their own discretion. Does not the Con-
stitution, and constant practice of the Govern-
ment, authorize the improving of this river? and
the interest of a large portion of our constituents
seems to demand it.
There is an additional reason for establishing
this port of entry; it will remove a difficulty from
a certain quarter that I have found extremely in-
convenient. It can cost nothing—it will violate
no principle; and where it is within the power
of Congress to do so much good, without violat-
ing the former practice of the Government, or
creating new expenses, I think it will hardly be
denied us.
it may be asked, whv this motion was not made
last year,before the Wabash bill passed? It was
introduced by an honorable member of the other
branch of Congress at the last session, but,
owing to the press of business in that House, did
not got through. I am desirous to get an expres-
sion of the Senate on this proposition at as early
a day as may be convenient, that it may have an
opportunity of becoming a law before we adjourn.
This motion looks to establishing a port of
entry, and improving the river. Near half a
million of people reside on the Wabash and its
I tributaries, all deeply interested in the steps taken
here to extend to them commercial facilities.
Every gentleman conversant with the New Or-
leans market for the upper country produce will
testify that the rise of the Wabash, to let our
boats pass the rapids of White river, has an in-
fluence upon the sales at New Orleans. Should
not the river rise to let boats out early in the
spring ,our produce ,consisting of flour, corn, pork,
and beef, is locked up at home, and prices are
high in the lower country. When the river rises,
and boats get off, they are thrown all at the same
time into "the market below. Our produce is
mostly carried to market by our farmers, who,
anxious to return to their farms, and dreading the
disease of a southern climate in the sickly season,
sell at great sacrifice. Many of our people fall
victims to the disease, and find graves in that
country. Hundreds^f lives and thousands of
dollars are sacrificed in that unhealthy climate
every year. A portion of these can be preserved
by the improvement proposed.
The delegation are not urging this measure
upon Congiess of their own accord. Our Legis-
lature has frequently memorialized Congress upon
these subjects, and I have no doubt will do so
again at this session. We do no more than reit-
erate here the wishes of those we have the honor
to represent, with a hope that a deaf ear may not
be turned to our request.
In submitting a resolution to the Senate a few
days ago, I alluded, in the most temperate lan-
guage, to a publication made in the Globe last
summer, as I then believed, to array the Jackson
paity in Indiana against me, for advocating the
improvement, by the United States, of the navi-
gation of the Wabash. For this I am again
assailed, and insinuations made calculated to ín-
I jure me, and to prejudice this measure.    It is
