n        ____________     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                    December 24,
true, that I live on the Wabash, and, like other i
'men of industry who settled there at an early \
day, own some land, but far from a great estate, I
as charged by the Globe. And were it true that ¡
I have a large estate, is that good ground for the i
"Globe to oppose improving the river, and thereby
injure the people of more than one State ?
If any person have charges to prefer against
me either in my public orprivate capacity, let
them be brought forward: I stand ready to meet
them at all times and places.   I have no'favors to ¡
:ask.    But if it is expected to deter me from my i
duty by such attacks, they are mistaken,  [shall 1
voto according to my own sense of right, with-
out being driven from my course by throats or
insinuations.*
NEW  POST  ROUTES.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr Hendricks, was taken urj and adopt-
ed:
Resolved, That the Committee 0:1 the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Louisville, by way of Salem, Bond, Bedford,
Bloomfield, and Bowling Green, to Terre Haute.
Also, a post road from Bedford, throughMount
Pleasant, to Portersville.
Also, from Danville, through New Maysville,
Green Castle, Putnamville, Manhattan, Pleasant
Garden, Bowling Green, Ramsay's Mill, Clay
county, and Caledonia, to Carlisle; 01 so much
of said route as may not heretofore have been
established by law.
RESOLUTIONS OF INQUIRY/.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were taken up and adopted:
point of view, how can he with propriety assume
that what he thus adopts on his own part* as
friendly to his object, is evidence of hostthty on
our part towards it ?
General Tipton's speech, as it appears in the
National Intelligencer, has the following remark:
" He should avail himself always of the op-
portunity to express his sentiments, despite of
the threat which had been held out by the'Globe
of another attack, in addition to the one which
was made a few days since on hun.
" That print threatened the publication of
charges made by one of Ins colleagues. He in-
vited the publication of all charges against his
pnvatcand public conduct; and he flattered him-
self that he should have little difficulty i.i defend-
ing himself to the satisfaction of his constituents
and all unprejudiced minds."
The speech, as it appears in the Globe to-day,
having undergone General Tipton's revision, and
containing no such remark, we infer that the
report in the Intelligencer cannot have his sanc-
tion. We, therefore, treat it as the reporter's
mistake when we give it a direct contradiction,
Wc deny that " a threat" of attack upon Gen-
eral Tipton "has been held out by the Globe."
We stated that attacks had been threatened front
other quarters, and that wc used our good offices
to prevent them. We have never even " threat-
ened the publication of charges made by one of his
colleagws." We are not informed that any one
of his colleagues have now the remotest intention
of making the charges which we spoke of as
having been once in contemplation. We spoke
of the pail, not the future, and meant to prove that
we did not entertain the personal hostility to
General Tipton, to which our article, purely
defensive of the President's motives, had been
ascribed.
We owean apology to those, however, of whose
relations with General Tipton we had spoken,
without using a name. There had been a frank-
ness and boldness used by the party in question,
that satisfied us no wish was entedtained to con-
ceal opinions held as to General T. This we
felt a sufficient justification to use facts known to
several, to vindicate ourselves from the unjust
imputation of acting in our public capacity from
private malice, and that, too; when vindicating
the motives of the Chief Magistrate. The party
alluded to, we trust, will consider the object we
had in view of sufficient importance to justify the
remote way in which he has been involved by
our allusion.
If there is anything implied in the authentic
speech published in the Globe to-day, calculated
to lend support by inference to the interpretation
of the National Intelligencer, then the above
remarks will be as applicable to the one as to the
other.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General inform
the Senate whether so much of the act of Con-
gress, approved June 35, 1,-vü, establishiiiga mail
route from Bunit-C'orn. 111 the State of Al.ibenia
by Claiborne, Clarksvillo, Coffcevi'lo, Washing-
ton Court House, Winchester, Ellsville, Wil-
liamsburg, Momicello, and Mead viile, to ,\atcheZ)
in the State of Mississippi, has been carried into
effect; and if it lias not, what cause or causes have
prevented it
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Augusta, Ki Perry county, Mississippi, by the
bay of Beloxi, to Hancock Court House, in the
same State.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing the appointment of an agent to re-
ceive evidence of losses sustained by the inhabit-
ants of th" State of Alabama by an invasion of a
party of Creek Indians in 1814, when Fort Mims
was taken, and those who fled there for protec-
tion massacred.
OATHS BY REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
The hill from the House of Representatives to
authorize the registers and receivers of the land
offices of the United States to administer oaths
in al! matters connected with their official duties,
was read a second time and referred.
COLONEL LEISENDORFER.
The bill for the relief of Colonel John Eugene
Leisendorfer was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
[Colonel Leisendorfer was one of the subordi-
nate officers under command of General Eaton,
when lie marched from Egypt with the forces of
the exiled Bashaw Caramullo, to cooperate with
the naval expedition under Commodore Preble
against Tripoli, in 1804.]
Mr. BENTON, in support of the bill, went
into a brief but interesting detail of the services,
sufferings,and thomeritsof Colonel Leisendorfer
Mr. POINDEXTER opposed the bill on the
ground that it would be setting a bad precedent
to increase the compensation of this individual.
He objected also to the provision in the third
section, pensioning him on the same ground, and
contended that it would furnish a good precedent
for the heirs of General Eaton to make a similar
claim upon Congiess.
Mr. BENTON said that, in running over the
history of General Eaton's life, he should judge
that ho had received no remuneration; and'if an
application should be made on the part of his
heirs, it would stand with me on the same footing,
relative circumstances considered, with the grant
to La Payette, and 0,1 a better footing than the
grant to the Polish exiles, for both of which he
had voted with hearty goodwill. He also said
that, in looking into the case of General Eaton,
in our State papers, which he had just done to
make himself master of Colonel Leisendorfer V
case, he made up his mind that he was a meri-
torious and injured man.
Mr. POINDEXTER thought many instances
of the kind might be found on the statute-book.
Mr. PRESTON having objected to the third
section,
Mr. BGNTON said he had no objection to its
being struck out of the bill; and it was accord-
ingly done.
After some remarks from Mr. WEBSTER,
relative to the high character and meritorious
services of General Eaton,
The question was put on the engrossment of
the bill for the third reading; and on a diusion
being demanded by Mr. Poindexteu, the bill was
ordeied to be engrossed—yeas 19, nays 15.
Mr. WEBSTER   then  moved that when the
Senate adjourns, it will adjourn to meet on Satur-
day next; which was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES., '
Wednesday, December 24, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented bv—
Mr. YOUNG, of Connecticut;
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey:
Messrs.  HIESTER, and BEAUMONT, of
Pennsylvania;
*We open our columns to General Tipton to I
enable him to meet some remarks recently made I
by us in repelling an attack on this print, con-!
tainedin a speech delivered by him on the floor I
of the Senate. We feel it due to ourselves, how- !
ever reluctant, to say a word more on the subject, i
—to accompany General Tipton's notice with a '■
brief comment.                                                             i
I11 the first place, we aver that the publication '
alluded to, whatever General Tipton " then be- '<
¡icved," was not intended "to array the Jackson ¡
parly in Indiana against him for advocating the im- 1
provement by the United States of the navigation of I
the Wabash."   Our sole object was to vindicate!
the motives of the Chief Magistrate from the im-
putation of hostility to Indiana, in refusing his
assent to the appropriation to the Wabash, on [
■which there was no port of entry, and of partiality I
to other States, because he had acquiesced in ap-
propriations to other, streams in which there are
ports of entry established.    This impeachment
of the President's  motives  we  considered dis-
tinctly made in the circular of Senator Tipton;
and as we know that the President had proceeded
altogether upon principios plainly laid down on
several  previous  occasions, and  not upon   un-
worthy preferences, we considered it due to him
to give the explanations contained in the publica-
tion  complained of by General Tipton.     Wc,
however, insist that the explanation was given in <
the most decorous terms, and in the kindest spirit \
towards General Tipton, as is shown by the ref-
erence made in the beginning of the article, of the
firm support given by him to the Administration
on another important subject.
General Tipton has fallen into another error
in supposing that we have the slightest disposi-
tion to prejudice the measure he has proposed.
The whole tenor of our article, on which General
Tipton commented, breathed a spirit favorable to
the improvement of the Wabash, when circum-
stances would render it compatible with the pun- I
ciplcs laid down by the President; and, indeed,
we suggested in it the very proposition which
General Tipton has now made to the Senate for
the purpose of bringing the Wabash, and its canal
communication with the lakes, within the de-
scription which can alone entitle it to be consid-
ered as of the class of navigable streams which |
are of national importance. If Congress resolve
to unite the lakes with the Ohio, through the
channel of the Wabash, and make ports of entry
and delivery upon it, then, undoubtedly, the river
•will be brought, not only in name, but in fact,
within the President's principle. But while Gen-
eral Tipton adopts our suggestion of obtaining a
recognition of the Wabash from Congress, as a
channel of commerce, important in a national
