[834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

The conduct of Mexico in regard to this slip
of country, brings forcibly to ray mind a scrap
of ancient instory. We have been informed that
tin' Devil met our Savior upon the Mount, and
told him if ho would fall down and worship him,
that lie would give him the whole world. Now,
I need not tell you, or the House, I presume, that
Ins Satannic Majesty had no world to give. So
with Mexico. She has had her agents among
oar 'Mtizcns, possessed of extensive grants to land
bordering upon the very banks of Red river, for
the purpose of bribing them to abjure iheir own
co-üntry, and by allegiance and expatriation, to
become citizens of Mexico. These agents, to
some extent, were successful. They induced, by
their valuable bounties, some of our honest, hard-
woiking, industrious citizens—citizens who were
"anxious to obtain land upon easy terms for them-
selves tend children, to take the oath of alhgianco
to Mexico. They induced others to resist the
execution of the civil authority of our country,
and so prevalent was this spirit of resistance
becoming, that the Governor of Arkansas, who
chanced at that time to be in that part of the
country, gave them a public address upon the
impropriety of their conduct. He told them in
his speech, that the sheriff would be sustained in
the execution of the civil authority of the coun-
try. Ho told them if their resistance should pro-
duce a civil war, that they would be vanquished,
and that if taken in arms against their country,
they would not be treated as prisoners of v/ar,
but hung up as traitors to the country. Now,
sir, it is not for me to say what effect this speech
had upon my constituents—but I can say, and do
say it, with great pleasure, that, at this time, all
things are going on as they should go on.
I did not rise to make a long speech. I hope
the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said this was
a resolution of a peculiar character. It called
uison the Piesident of the United States to nego-
tiate with the Government of Spain for a portion ¡
of this continent to which the latter had no title
—to disacknowledge the Government of Mexico,
and to recognize the right of Spain to that which
she had long since ceased to have any claim. He
concluded by moving to lay the resolution on the
table; but withdrew the motion.
Mr. SEVIER said, in reply to Mr. Adams,
the gentleman seems to express some astonish-
ment at my resolution, and thinks it highly im-
proper to authorize the President to negotiate
with Spain for the tract of country mentioned in
the resolution, inasmuch as Spain owns no land
upon the continent. The gentleman himself
made the treaty of 1819, (or at least he has the
credit of it in our country,) by which the country
in question was given to Spain in part payment
for the Floridas. Now, sir, allow me to ask the
honorable gentleman to tell me when Spain parted
with the title to the country he himself, on be-
half of his Government, ceded to her? I want to
know who bought it, or what Power took it
from her? I state that she never parted with it;
that she never sold it; and that it was never taken
from her by force.
It is a country very desirable for us to own,
and I suppose it can be had of her for " six and
nine pence," or thereabouts.
We have been pursuing towards Mexico a
coaxing, scratching, tickling policy long enough.
It is time to talk to her manfully — to tell her to
confine herself to her lawful territory—to give
up her preposterous claims to a country she does
not own — and, above all, to cease tampeimg
with our citizens, or else we will make her.
Our partialities are all for Mexico against Spain,
and yet 1 must confess that I have yet to see
any thing in the Government of that fickle, jealous,
and bigoted Republic, in anywise calculated to
excite either my love or admiration. I hope the
resolution will not be laid upon the table.
Mr. POLK said the motion of the gentleman
from Arkansas proposed, to say the least of it,
an unusual course of proceeding. The House
of Representatives formed no part of the treaty-
making power. That power was vested in the
President and Senate. The House had certainly
no right to interfere m so grave and important a
subject as the one contained in the resolution,
lie'therefore renewed the motion to lay it on the |
table.
Mr. CAMDRELENG hoped that the motion I
to lay the resolution on the table would be with-
drawn, and that it would be rejected by-a direct
vote.
Mr. POLK withdrew his motion.
Mr. ARCHER suggested to the mover of the
resolution, that by its adoption the object which
he had in view would be frustrated. It would
give just cause of offence to Mexico, and might
induce that Government to break off all negotia-
tions with the United Sta'es. It would be tanta-
mount to a denial of the independence of the Mex-
ican Government; and after offering this insult
to that nation, it would not do for the United
States to propose any further negotiations in that
quarter.
Mr. MERCERhoped that the resolution would
be withdrawn. He would not be satisfied with
a simple vote of rejection. He wished to inform
the Government of Mexico that a proposition of
this character was not even onteitained by this
House. The proposition was in violation of our
acknowledgment!)? the independence of that Gov-
ernment He referred to the circumstance that
the lik of an American minister was endangered
in Mexico, owing to a supposed interference in
the polices of that country. From this considera-
tion, and the commercial rivalry existing between
the two Governments, Mexico had perhaps good
cause to suppose that we entertain unfriendly
feelings towards her, and if the resolution was
not withdrawn, he hoped it would be unani-
mously rejected.
Mr. SEVIER said, he had no idea that his res-
olution would have met with such opposition from
so many quarters of the House. The gentlemen
seem to suppose my resolution very unusual and
extraordinary; that I am for taking of Mexico
lands to which her right is undoubted; and,lastly,
that it may produce much mischief, and no pos-
sible good. My object is not to produce mischief,
or to embarrass the Administration, or to take of
Mexico one inch of ground which belongs to her.
And, as such results seem to be apprehended by
my friends, I will withdraw the resolution. But,
in doing this, let it be distinctly understood that
it is not because 1 am in favor of settling this slip
of country with free blacks. We have difficulties
enough already with our runaway slaves; and I
am not disposed to increase those difficulties by
affording them a safer and more sccuie retreat.
I withdraw the resolution.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCE6.
Mr. FILLMORE offered the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the amount of
hospital money collected in the several collection
districts of the State of New York for each year,
from the year 1798 to the present time; and also
the amount expended in each year, during the
same time, in each of said districts, and for what
purposes and objects such expenditures were
made to the amouutremaining unexpended at this
time for each district; and also the donations to
said fund, and by whom made, and when, and
on what condition, if any, and how the money or
property given to said fund by donation lias been
disposed of or applied, and what compensation
or portion of said fund has been expended or
applied for collecting, receiving, or investing, or
paying out the same, and to whom.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of New
York, it was
Rcioli-ed, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of continuing the pension of Levi H. Parish, or
of granting him further relief.
Mr. GALBRAITH submitted the following
resolution; which, under the rule, lies on the table
one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lie directed
to furnish to this House abatement of the expend-
itures on the work at the harbor at Presque Isle,
during the past season; the amount paid for stone,
giving the number of cords, and at what rate; the
amount for timber and. other materials, and at
what rate; the amount paid for labor, to whom,
and at what rate per day or month; the amount
paid for superintendence, to whom, and at what
rate per day; and the number of days charged for
such service, as well as every other item ot ex-
pendituie at the said harbor; also, whether the
directions of Colonel Totttn, with regard to taking
frequent soundiagsinthe way, have been attended
to.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing Daniel O'Brien on the pension roll.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which, under the rule, lies on
the table one day:
Resolved, That the 13th rule of this House be
amended, by inserting therein the words "dis-
trict attorneys of the United States," after the
words "judges of the United States."
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to erect a bridge over
the Ohio river at Wheeling, to connect the Cum-
berland road on each side of the river.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to improve the harbor
at St. Augustine, Florida, according to the report
of the engineer who made the survey in obedience
to an act of Congress.
On motion of Mr. REED, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making an appropriation to complete
the custom-house at New Bedford.
On motion of Mr. BYNUM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pos"t Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a semi-weekly mail
route from the town of Winton, through Pitch
Landing, in the county of Hertford, via Colerain
and Windsor, in the county of Bertie, thence
through Williamston and Jameson, in the county
of Martin, to the town of Washington, in the
county of Beaufort, in the State of North Car-
olina.
On motion of Mr. STODDERT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee t>n Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to select
Piney Point on the Potomac river, (as the inter-
ests of navigation and commerce may dictate,)
for the establishment of a light.-
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of placing the name of Joseph Parker
on the roll of revolutionary pensions; and that the
testimony in his case, now on the files of the
House, and the accompanying testimony, be
referred to the same committee.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the 23d instant, relative to a
beacon-light on Black river, in the State of Ohio;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce
PAY OF THE NAYY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments proposed by the Committee of the
Whole to the bill to regulate the pay of the Navy
of the United States.
The motion of Mr. Fillmore, pending on the
adjournment yesterday, to strike from that part
of the amendment of the committee relative to
extra allowances to officers the words, "except
fordetention and employment on special service,"
being under consideration,
Mr. MINER addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the motion to strike out. While he was
opposed, in the general, to granting discretionary
powers to the Departments, he conceived that,
in the present instance, some discretion was
necessary.
The motion to strike out was then rejected.
Mr. WATMOÜGH moved to amend the first
section, by inserting, in the extra allowances to
officers, after the words •• chamber money, the
words " for which two dollars per week shall be
allowed."
