1835.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
objections to these works of internal improve- I
rneni, tliere is a dnect constitutional obligation
to carry them on and complete them; and 1 have |
always thought that, instead of aiding the State j
of Indiana in constructing the canal and improv-
ing the river, it was incumbent on the General
Government to do both, without the interposition
of the State. The carrying places referred to in
that ordinance are well known to have been that
at Fort Wayne, between the Wabash and the
Miami of Lake Erie, and that at Chicago, be-
tween the waters of the Illinois rive;- and those of
Lake Michigan. There may have been others
of less note, but these were the principal ones.
That at Fort Wayne was especially well known.
Its advantages and importance were, perhaps,
even magnified; and there is little doubt that it
was in reference to this, more than to any other,
that the clause in the ordinance just referred to
was framed and inserted. This carrying-place
had been known and used by Indian traders
before, and during, the Revolution. They had
frequently passed over it in rainy and flood sea-
sons of the year, in pirogues aad canoes; and
subsequent to that period, detachments of United
States troops, with their baggage, have frequently
passed over this portage in the same way.
This, sir, (said Mr. H ,) is not a view of this
matter now presented to the Senate for the first
time. It is now about nine years since the prop-
osition to make an appropriation of public lands
to aid the State of Indiana in improving the nav-
igation of the Wabash and Maumee rivers, was
first made by myself to the Senate; and in a report
on that subject, which it became my duty to
make as a member of the Committee on Roads
and Canals, the ground of obligation, on the part
of the Federal Government, to improve this car-
rying-place, and to aid in this chain of inland
navigation, was distinctly taken, and presented
to the Senate. It was relied on as a strong
ground, and one which shielded the application
then made from the constitutional difficulty about
internal improvements. This'ground was then
sustained by the Senate. An appropriation of
public lands was made to this object in March,
1827; and by the united aid of this appropriation,
aad of the energies of the State, the canal is now
in rapid progress.
The State of Indiana is unable, at this time, to
prosecute and to accomplish this work.- She has
embarked largely, considering her age and her
resources; and the canal which she is now push-
ing rapidly on, is as much as ought to be ex-
pected from her at the present time. Where the
interests of the General Government, as in the
present case, is in unison with those of the States,
the object is decidedly one of national import-
ance; and where the obligations of the Federal
Government, in the construction of this work,
are paramount to all otheis, it does seem reason-
able that an appropriation should bo unhesita-
tingly granted, to aid in making this improve-
ment; otherwise it must be left undone till the
State ot Indiana shall have finished her canal;
which canal must still remain, for a great portion
of the year, comparatively useless till the river
shall be improved.
The people of the western country, as a matter
of necessity, consume foreign goods almost to
the entire amount of their surplus productions,
and the landholder in that country is deeply inter-
ested in every facility of transportation to and
fiom the country. Ttiat which diminishes trans-
portation, adds to the value of his agricultural
productions, as well as diminishes the cost of
foreign goods. Every facility, too, of transpor-
tation, diminishes the difficulty and expense of j
einigiants in getting to the country; brings more
means and more people into the country; saves j
more of their means to purchase public lands after
they get there; increases the receipts into the land
oiiices, and is of lasting benefit to the emigrating-
classes of the old States. In all ages of the world,
of which history gives us any knowledge, where-
soever civilization and the arts of peace have
flourished most, there internal improvements have
been most fostered by the Government; there
roads and canals have been made to subserve the
great purposes of agriculture and commerce; and
the most warlike nations of the earth have also
made these improvements the means of national
defense, and used them as the most important
facilities in offensive war.   But considerations of I
this kind  might be multiplied  to an unlimited
extent, and I shall not dwell on them.
I have (said Mr. II.) the most implicit confi-
dence in the declaration of the President, in which
he regrets that he could not give his assent to
the Wabash bill. I believe that his feelings and
inclination were wholly in its favor, and I sin-
cerely regret that ho had not taken the view of
the case which I have endeavored to present.
Had he taken this view, I cannot but think that
he would have come to a different conclusion,
and to this different conc'usion it does seem to
me he mi^ht have arrived without in the least
receding from any ground he has heretofore
taken on the subject of internal improvements.
The rule by which appropriations for the im-
provement of rivers are confined to places below
ports of entry established by law, has never been
satisfactory to my miiid, nor does it appear to be
very satisfactory to the President himself. It
seems to imply that a work which is unconsti-
tutional to-day may become constitutional to-
morrow, by the simple passage of a law estab-
lishing a port of entry at the head of supposed
navigation, and that the Constitution can be
changed and new powers given to it by the
legislative power—a power which it has created,
prescribed, and limited.
A port of entry on some central position of this
extensive navigation will be convenient and use-
ful. It will, probably, soon be indispensable. It
was moved in the other House, at the last session;
and conversations were had with the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce here, on the same
subject. It was thought then to be premature,
as the application for aid in improving the river
and constructing the canal had, on previous occa-
sions, been considered. I am anxious to have
the reasonable assistance of the Government in
perfecting this navigation, and the proper facilities
created for using it, when perfected. I am dis-
posed, then, as I was at the last session, that a
port of entry or delivery should be established at
La Fayette, upon the Wabash; and have, at this
time, this additional reason—that I doubt not it
would remove ail objections to an approval of the
bill, if it should again pass both Houses. These
objections, however, I hope will be done away
by other considerations, in addition to those
already named—by the rapid progress of the canal
since the close of the last session of Congress,
and by the advance already made towards a per-
fect inland navigation between the two commer-
cial emporiums of the country—New York and
New Orleans. Important facts exist in the case
now 'that did not exist at the close of the last
session.
Then it was not a fact that thirty-five miles of
the canal had been finished, and that the water
had been let into the summit-level section of the
canal. Now, these facts exist. The waters of
the St. Joseph, a tributary of the Maumee,
already flow upon the summit-level of the country
and mingle with the waters of the Wabash. The
water communication is now continuous, very
imperfect to be sure, butitis continuous between
the ports of entry and delivery which are nu-
merous on Lake Erie, and those upon the Missis-
sippi.
When Mr. Hendricks had concluded—
Mr. HILL remarked that as the Senate was
not full, he thought the bill had better be laid on
the table, and made a motion to that effect, which
was disagreed to.
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill for a third reading-
Mr. HILL demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Before the question was taken—
Mr. POIJNTJEXTEIl said he had no difficulty
whatever in giving hi« vote upon this bill. But i
he wished it to be understood that he did not ¡
yield his assent to the distinction, on the score of |
constitutionality, taken by the President, between j|
the improvement of a river which led to a port of |l
entry, and one upon which there was no port of ||
entry. He would, by no vote of his, sanction jj
such a senseless distinction. The President had ;:
repeatedly signed bills for appropriations to im- j
prove rivers upon which there were no ports of i
entry. He had approved an appropriation to the |
Red river, where there was nothing but wolves |
and bears; and if a port of entry had been estab- i
hshed there, he (Mr. P.) would be at a loss to i
know what wild animal of the forest would be
appointed there as the receiver. The objection
alluded to had neither the Constitution nor com-
mon sense to support it. It was one of those
refined distinctions which were peculiar to a
certain party of the present day.
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill, it was determined in the affirmative by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clay, Clayton, Ew-
mg, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Kane, Kent,
Knight, Linn, Naudain, Poindexter, Porter,
Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee, Smith, Swift, Tip-
ton, Tomlinson, Waggaman, and Webster—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Calhoun, Grundy, Hill, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Mor-
ris, Preston, Shepley, Tallmadge, White, and
Wright—i8.
NfTlCE OP A BILL.
Mr. LINN gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to confirm
titles to certain lands in Missouri.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 2, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Mr. McKIM, of
Maryland, and Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed to a Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union:
A bill making appropriations for certain fortifi-
cations of the United States, heretofore com-
menced, for the year 1835;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1835; and
A bill to authorize the proper officers of the
Treasury Department to credit the account of- the
Treasurer of the United States with the amount
of unavailable funds standing to his debt on the
books of the Treasury; and to transfer the
amount to the debt of the banks and individuals
indebted for the same.
.Mr. BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the Springfield
Manufacturing Company; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of David S. Camp-
bell; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. F., from the same committee, Mr. KIN-
NARD, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, Mr. TOMPKINS, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, and Mr. FOSTER,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, made un-r
favorable reports upon various petitions, &c,
referred to said committees.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to amend an act grant-
ing to the State of Alabama certain relinquished
and unappropriated lands, for the purpose of im-
proving the navigation of the Coosa, Black War-
rior, and other rivers in said State; which was
read twice and committed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted on Tues-
day last, were taken up, and agreed to:
By Mr. FILLMORE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the amount
of hospital money collected in the several collec-
tion districts of the State of New Tork for each
year, from the year 1798 to the present time; and
also the amount expended in each year, during
the same time, in each of said districts, and for
what purposes and objects such expenditures
were made, and the amount remaining unex-
pended at this time for each district, and also the
donations to said fund, and by whom made,
and when and on what conditions, if any, and
how the money or property given to said fund
by donations has been disposed of or applied,
and what compensation, or portion of said fund,
has been expended or applied for collecting, re-
ceiving, or paying out the same, and to whom.
By Mr. GALBRAITH:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be di-
