THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,   BY BLAIR &  RIVES,
Second Session, 23d Congress.
MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1835
Volóme 2....No. 6|.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
response to a resolution of the 11th ultimo,
relating to the sea-wall at St. Augustine, in
Florida; which was laid on the table.
DAVID KILBORN.
The order of the day being announced, the
bill for the relief of David ICilborn was taken up.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, said he was about
to have moved the postponement of the consid-
eration of this bill, inasmuch as it was likely to
elicit some further discussion; but from the soli-
citation of several friends of the bill, he would
withdraw that intention, and hoped the question
would be taken on its engrossment.
On the question of engrossing the bill for a
third reading, the yeas and nays were demanded,
and the motion seconded by the House.
The question was then discussed by Messrs.
THOMSON of Ohio, BRIGGS, WARDWELL,
and HUBBARD, in favor of the bill, and Messrs.
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, HARDIN, GREN-
NELL, and LANE, in opposition to it.
Pending this discussion, an unsuccessfulmotion
was made to lay the bill on the table.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
engrossment of the bill; and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 94, noes 97.
So the bill was rejected; and then the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 3, 1835.
Mr. McINTYRE, from the Committee of
Claims, and Mr. LAY, from the Committee on
RevolutionaryPensions, made unfavorable reports
upon petitions referred to said committees.
DIVORCE OF GOVERNMENT FROM ALL
BANKS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Gamble, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to this House whether,
in his opinion, it is practicable or convenient for
the Department to collect, and safely keep and
disburse, the public moneys of the United States,
without the agency of a bank or banks; and, if
bo, to report to this House the best mode, in his
opinion, by which that object can be accom-
plished.
Mr. CLAYTON addressed the House in favor
of the passage of the resolution. He deemed the
principal argument in its favor the existence of
the incontrovertible fact, that Congress did not
possess the power to charter corporations. For
instance, it would be incompatible with its con-
stitutional powers to grant a charter to an insti-
tution of that kind in Philadelphia; yet, by the
present system of deposits, we make use of a cor-
poration created by the State of Pennsylvania.
He asked if we did not, by this course, by indi-
rection, accomplish that which we could not,
constitutionally, by direct means accomplish ?
The subject for inquiry was, to see if we could
not separate ourselves entirely—the Government
—from all connection with banking institutions;
not only from the Bank of the United States, but
from all local banks also. We are told that the
Bank of the United States, with its twenty-four
branches, is incompetent to the discharge of the
fiscal affans of the Government; not from pecu-
niary inability, but from legal and other sufficient
objections. He asked why these same objections
would not apply equally to the local institutions ?
He thought they clearly did. We have been told
(said Mr. C.) that this great moneyed monopoly,
this monster, had interfered with the political
affairs of the country, arraying itself in opposi-
tion to the Government itself. He would ask
where such a moneyed influence could be placed
to be more dangerous to the liberties of the people
than in the hands of their rulers? Mr. C. s.aid
the resolution of his colleague [Mr. Gamble] was
merely one of inquiry, whether the fiscal opera-
tions of the country could not be properly man-
aged, and at the same time dispense altogether
with banks and banking institutions. The people
of the South believed they could, and had ever
been opposed to moneyed monopolies.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, said it was not
usual to discuss a mere proposition of engrossing.
There was, however, some misunderstanding
upon this subject. He had read the supplement-
ary report of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
which reference had been made, and it certainly
did not contain all the information required by
the resolution. The report from the Department
was elaborate, and recommended the State banks
as the fiscal agents of the Government. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had reported a bill,
in accordance with the recommendations of the
Treasury. The resolution, however, w'ent fur-
ther, and called on the Secretary to state whether
his Department could be conducted, in reference
to the keeping and disbursement of the public
moneys, without any bank agency whatever. This
information was the more desirable at this time,
because of the determniation, which had been
expressed in a certain quarter, to resort as speed-
ily as convenient to a hard money currency or
circulation. If the plan which had been recom-
mended by the Treasury and the Committee of
Ways and Means, which proposed to employ
the State banks as the fiscal agents of the Gov-
ernment, should be adopted, it would thwart the
project of a metallic currency, as the amount of
paper money would be thereby greatly increased
instead of diminished, and its circulation would
also be facilitated by the passage of the bill which
had been presented by the Committee of Ways
and Means. If the Secretary of the Treasury
would present a plan whereby the agency of all
banks in conducting the operations of that De-
partment may be dispensed with, it would con-
tribute more than anything else to check the issue
of bank paper, which now, more than at any
other time, was flooding the country, while it
would, at the same time, be the best means of
furthering the views of those who were in favor
of a hard money currency.
Mr. POiÜK remarked, that there was a time
when certain gentlemen on. this floor contended
that the fiscal operations of the Government could
only be conducted successfully by the Bank of
the United States. A new light seemed to have
broken in upon gentlemen, and for the first time
they had discovered that no bank whatever was
necessary for this purpose.
Mr. ALLAN explained. He gave no opinion
on the subject. It had been contended by some
that bank-agency was unnecessary. He wished
to know the views of the Treasury on this point.
Mr. POLK continued. The gentleman from
Kentucky would find that the precise information
which he desired was contained in the report from
the Department.    In that document the Secretary
After the charter shall expire, no difficulty is
' anticipated in having any of these duties, which
1 may then remain, discharged by State banks.
' But if any should occur, it will become neces-
' sary to devolve these duties on some responsible
' receiver or collector already in office, or on some
' safe agent not now in office, as has been the
' practice for years in this country, in paying pen-
' sions at convenient places, near which there was
' no State bank or branch of the United States
' Bank, and as has long been the usage in some
' countries of Europe, by having the public rev-
' enue in certain districts chiefly received, kept,
'and transmitted, through private agents and
' brokers. This kind of personal agency, however,
' is, in the opinion of the undesigned, tobe avoided.
' ill all practicable and safe cases, under our present
' system of selected banks: because it would render
' the system less convenient, ¡ess secure, and more
• complex, if not more expensive. Hence it hasnot
' yet been resorted to.
" But it was considered proper to mention this
' contingency, in order that its effects, if ever an-
' ticipated, may beforehand be duly weighed m
' the examination of the whole subject; and to
' add, that if this contingency be extended to the
' whole establishment of State banks, as well as
' of the United States Bank, on the responsibility
' that they may all cease to exist, or may refuse
' to receive and manage the public deposits, (how-
' ever improbable the occurrence of such an event
' may be,) the fiscal operations of the Govern-
' ment could undoubtedly still proceed, through
'the personal agencies before mentioned. It is
' admitted, however, that it would be at some in-
' convenience, and some increase of expense,
' unless remedied in a manner that may hereafter
' be developed, and would not, in the opinion of
' this Department, and in the present condition
' of things, be so eligible a system as the present
' one; because banks, though exposed to some
1 dangers and evils, and though not believed to
' be necessary for the fiscal purposes of any Gov-
' ernment, and much less of one in the present ■
' happy financial situation of ours, are frankly
' acknowledged to be, in many respects, a class
'of agents economical, convenient,and useful."
It would be seen by these extracts that the Sec-
retary had responded directly and fully to that
portion of the resolution upon which gentlemen
were desirous of receiving information. In the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, provision is made, in the event of the
failure of the State banks to answer the purposes
contemplated, for the safe-keeping and disburse-
ment of the public moneys. The adoption of the
resolution was therefore wholly unnecessary, if
not improper, as the proposed call upon the De-
partment for a plan which it has not recom-
mended, might have a tendency to delay the action
of the House upon the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which would come
up in a day or two as the special order. He was
not disposed now to enter into a discussion of the
constitutional question, which had been mooted
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Clayton;]
but he was prepared to pro ve, when the bill to which
he had referred should come up, that the keep-
ing and disbursing of the public moneys, under
the present system, was as safe and convenient
as any plan which had been heretofore adopted.
Mr. P. concluded by declaring that he did not
rise for the purpose of throwing any obstacles in
the way of the passage of the resolution; but sup-
posing it possible that amid the lumber on the
tables of members, the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, from which he had read extracts,
had been overlooked, he had thought proper to
refer to it; in order to show that all •the material
information sought by the resolution, was already
in the possession of the House.
Mr. FILLMORE regretted the existence of
this controversy at the present time. He believed
the members of the House were already in pos-
session of all information on this subject that the
Department could give. It was not usual, more-
over, (Mr. F. said,) for this House to call upon a
Department for a mere opinion—nor did he think
it comported with its dignity to do so. The
opinion had been advanced, from sources which
he had been accustomed to respect, that the
employment by the Government of a corporation,
was equivalent to the creation of such corporate
body. From this opinion h^elt bound to dis-
fent. He could see no propriety in the argument.
Did it follow that because the Government em-
ployed railroads, steamboats, owned by chartered
companies, &c, for purposes of transportation,
Government possessed the power to create those
companies? Certainly not. The Government
held the power to create a Navy, but it did not
follow that it could not legally employ the ves-
sels of companies for all necessary purposes. He
thought there was a most palpable distinction
between the power to create and to employ. He
concluded bv saying he had not contended that
Congress had the power to incorporate banking
institutions — but he objected to the reasons
urged in support of that position.   He was «lis-
