1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
to oppose and reverse what they did in 1828,
and to take a course which must lead to debt, or
taxes — to loans, or the renewal of the high
tan if!
Turning to the Senator from Massachusetts
that sat nearest to him, [Mr. Silsbee,] Mr. E.
said it was certainly true what he had stated,
that goods had fa'-fen, instead of rising under the
tariff law of- 1828. Mr. B. knew something
about that. He had seen an order arrive in the
West to march a regiment of infantry (Colonel
Leavenworth's) from the Missouri frontier to the
Canada frontier; an order which interpolated a
new practice in our military system., thatof guard-
ing the coast against smugglers,like French con-
scripts during the continental system; an order
which announced the evil without curing it; for
what could a regiment of infantry do to prevent
smuggling upon a line i;f a thousand miles of
lakes, rivers, forests? The smuggling sunk the
price of goods, and that was foretold a thousand
times before it took place.
Mr. WEBSTER rose again. He was not
bound, he said, to make out the consistency of
other Senators who had formerly voted on this
subject. There seemed to be a mistake occa-
sioned by the manner in which the bill had passed.
That act was started in the other House; that
certain sections were limited to the 30th of June;
but upon the amendment of the bill the 30th of
June was stricken out, and the 30th of Septem-
ber inserted, in such a way as to cause the error.
That the operations of the act had been unjust
through inadvertency and mistake.
Mr. BENTON said that, as to himself, he cer-
tainly was under a mistake as to the amendment
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] and so far as any gentleman
said the mistake deceived him, lie certainly would
not include such a gentleman under his remarks;
but he believed that the whole Senate of 1828
could not say that they were under a mistake in
the amendment which postponed one section only
of the act.
After some little conversation between Messrs.
BENTON, KANE, WEBSTER, -BIBB, and
WRIGHT, with regard to the instructions, as
partof Mr. Benton's motion, the question being
divided, the bill was recommitted, and the instruc-
tions laid on the table.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill making com-
pensation for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. ROBBINS having the floor, spoke at length
in support of the bill; but he was so imperfectly
heard in the gallery, that we cannot give a report
of his speech.
Without concluding, Mr. R. yielded the floor
to Mr. KNIGHT, upon whose motion
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 5, 1835.
Mr. Plummer, of Mississippi, appeared and
took his seat.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Messrs. McINTIRE, HALL, and SMITH,
of Maine;
Messrs. BRIGGS, PHILLIPS, EVERETT,
and GRENNELL, of Massachusetts;
Mr. HALL, of Vermont;
Messrs. DAY, CAMERELENG, GILLET,
FILLMORE, and TURRILL, of New York;
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey;
Messrs. BANKS, CLARK, MILLER, and
MUHLENBERG, of Pennsylvania;
Messrs. HEATH, McKIM.and THOMAS,
of Maryland.
[Mr. McKim said: I am requested to present
the memorial of a number of citizens of Balti-
more, praying that the forts recommended by a
board of engineers many years since to be erected
for the defense of Baltimore, may be commenced,
or such other works as may be deemed necessary.
Having the honor to represent, in part, the citi-
zens of Baltimore on this floor, I ask leave of the
House to say a few words in explanation and
support of the memorial.
It is, 1 presume, well known that Baltimore is
the emporium of the State of Maryland, and now
ranks as the third city in the Union, in size and
population. In the late war with Great Britain,
her citizens supporu-d the rights of the nation,
with all their energy; and when a powerful Brit-
ish army under the command of a successful gen-
eral, landedatNorthPoint, in 1814, tocadura the
city, her citizens, both old and young, marched
to meet the invading foe. A battle ensued; the
commanding general of the enemy was slain, and
Baltimore had to deplore the loss of a number of
her brave citizens. The enemy retreated with-
out accomplishing the object for which they
came. Peace took place shortly after, and the
Government appointed a board of engineers to
examine and report upon such places as might
require works of defense. The board reported
in 1821, and among others recommended two
works, of the first and second class, to be erected
for the defense of Baltimore—the first class to be
commenced as soon as possible, and. the second
at a later period. Thirteen years have passed
since this report was made, and, while a great
number of the works recommended in the report
have been commenced and nearly completed, I
regret to state that those mentioned for Baltimore
have been entirely passed over. The cause I
know not; but the fact is so. Surely the lives
and property of the citizens of Baltimore are as
much entitled to protection from this Govern-
ment as those in any other part of the Union.
The entire property at risk in Baltimore may be
estimated at one hundred millions of dollars, and
only one fort to protect the harbor, and that, as
I am informed, not in as good a condition, at
present, as at the close of the late war. The cit-
izens of Baltimore place every dependence on the
justice of Congress, and expect that the same
protection will be afforded to Baltimore as has
been done to the neighboring cities and other
points of the Union.]
Messrs. ALLEN, PATTON.CHINN, TAY-
LOR, CLAIBORNE, and MOORE, of Virginia;
Messrs. WAYNE and GILMER, of Georgia;
Messrs. POPE, ALLAN, CHILTON, and
JOHNSON, of Kentucky;
[Mr. Pope presented the petition of Thomas
Mcintosh, of Kentucky, praying to be placed on
the pension roll.]
Messrs. PEYTON and DUNLAP, of Tennes-
see;
Messrs. CRANE, SLOANE, PATTERSON,
SPANGLER, VINTON, and WEBSTER, of
Ohio;
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Mr. EWING, of Indiana;
Mr. MAY, of Illinois;
Mr. MARDIS, of Alabama;
Messrs. BULL and ASHLEY, of Missouri;
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas; and
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Which petitions and memorials were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to amend an act enti-
tled " An act authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Potomac, and repealing all
other acts in delation to the same; which was
read.
Mr. M. said, as the bill did not involve an
appropriation of money, and was intended merely
to legalize a slight deviation from the plan which
had been heretofore authorized for the construc-
tion of the bridge, he hoped the bill would be per-
mitted to progress without being committed.
The bill was read a second time, and ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of George
C. Seaton; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MITCHELL, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Bryan; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
James Swallow; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Sanders and others; which was read twice
and committed.
DIVORCE FROM BANKS.
Mr. GORDON asked the consent of the House
to submit and have printed an amendment to the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys in State banks.
_ Objection being made., Mr. G. asked a suspen-
sion of the rule, in order to enable him to make
the motion indicated.
The motion to suspend the rules prevailed;
When Mr. G. offered an amendment to the bill
referred to, which was ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS   SUBMITTED.
Mr. EWING offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit, or cause to be
transmitted, to this House, copies of every circu-
lar letter of instruction emanating from the Treas-
ury or War Departments, since^the 30th day of
June last, and addressed to either the receiving
or disbursing officers stationed in States wherein
land offices are established, or public works are
constructing, under the authority of Congress.
Mr. GAMBLE 'offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary-of the Treasury-
be directed to digest and prepare and communi-
cate to this House a detailed plan by which the
public revenue of the United States may be col-
lected, safely kept, and disbursed, without the
agency of a bank or banks, either State or na-
tional.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
it was
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of
War, relative to the extension and completion
of the pier at Cunningham's creek, in Ohio, with
the documents that accompany the said report, be
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency
of making the necessary appropriation for extend-
ing and completing said work.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of relinquishing to the State of Alabama the
two per cent, of the net proceeds of sales of the
public lands, which have taken place since the 1st
day of September, 1819, or may hereafter take
place, by the terms of the contract between the
United States and that State, on her admission into
the Union, for making a road or roads leading to
the said State, to be applied under the direction
of the Legislature of Alabama in the construction
of a railroad or canal to connect the waters of
Mobile bay with those of the Tennessee river;
or to create a fund for the support of primary
schools, as said Legislature may determine.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing the fees allowed to the deputy
surveyor of the United States for the State of
Louisiana, in those cases when it is found im-
practicable to procure the work to be executed for
the present maximum fixed by law; and into the
expediency of allowing to the registers of the
land offices of the United States for the State of
Louisiana, an additional salary, instead of the
fees payable by the claimants of lands, for issu-
ing patent certificates and delivering patents.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to the House of Representatives a copy
of the survey made by authority of the United
States, for a canal from Portage Summit, in the
State -of Ohio, to Kearney's line, so called,in the
State of Pennsylvania, and a map of the route,
and an estimate of the cost of said canal.
On motion of Mr. EWING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a suitable quantity of unsold
P
