96                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            January 6,
collision must inevitably ensue, and he wished to
avoid it.     We sympathised with public opinion,
and it was important that opinion should be cor-
rect.   The document would not be read in the  ¡
newspapers, and there was no other way of its   |
reaching the people.                                                      |
The question being about to be put on printing
twenty thousand extra copies,                             .     i
Mr. HILL demanded the yeas and nays; which   ,
were ordered.                                                               ' ¡
Mr. LEIGH said he would vote for the largest   !
number, but for a single reason, and  that was,
that if they were ordered, they could by no pos-
sibility be printed in less than four months
Mr. PRESTON thought the document should
be disseminated as widely as possible. We should
avoid war by all just and honorable means, so   •
long as it was possible, but, above all, a war with   I
France.   A*nd he thought the views of the com-
mittee   would  satisfy the   nation   that we could
avoid a war with France.    Heconcuned fully in
the conclusions of the committee that it was the
duty of Congressto acton presentcircumstanccs—
that we should not anticipate what France would
do—and he concurred in the shadowing forth of
the course which we might be compelled to take.
He concurred with them that it was the duty of
the nation to defend its honor at any hazard or
cost whatever, but not to plunge into a war except j
to defend its honor and maintain its rights.    He |
was willing to disseminate this documentas largely ¡j
as possible, but he thought with the gentleman   I
from Viigmia [Mi. Leigh] that it was physically   !
impossible, almost, to have the twenty thousand   j
printed in   time for distribution.    He  proposed
some ten or fifteen thousand extra copies.
Mr. EWINCr said he was just informed by
the printer of the Senate, that he could have the
documents printed and on the tables in three
days, and the additional number of copies in two
weeks.
Mr. WRIGHT said he would vote against
printing the twenty thousand copies, not because
he couid possibly" have any wish to prevent the
distribution of the document, which would go
through the country much more rapidly than we
could send it, but because the people were not out
of the reach of information till they could reach
it from us. When so large a number of docu-
ments were ordered they became so old that they
were not read. The information went mo far be-
fore them, that when they came from the printer
there was no inducement to read them, and it
was incurring an expense without deriving any
utility from it. His quota of the Post "Office
report, which had been alluded to, did not reach
him till the 1st of October, and at that period,
when lie sent the document to his constituents,
he received replies from them that they had seen
it before. This subject was immensely import-
ant, and the press would distribute the report
sooner than we could. He thought five thousand
copies, the usual number, quite sufficient.
After some further remarks from Mr. POR-
TER, Mr. EWING, Mr. BIBB, and Mr. POiN-
DEXTER, the question was taken on printing
twenty.thousand additional copies, and decided
in the affirmative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, Frehnghuysen, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Mangum, Moore,Naudain,Poin-*
dexter,Porter, Prentiss, Robbms, Silsbee, Smith,
Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tipton, Tomlinson,
Waggaman, and Webster—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Georgia,
Leigh, Linn, McKean, Morris, Preston, Robin-
son, Shcpley, Tallmadge, Tyler, White, and
Wright—19.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the final ad-
justment and settlement of claims to lands in
Florida and Arkansas Territories, with an amend-
ment.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The bill to make compensation for French
spoliations prior to 1800, coming up, at the sug-
gestion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill was passed
over, and the Senate proceeded to the other spe-
cial orders.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions offered yesterday by Mr.
Leigh were taken up and adopted
I The resolution offered yesterday 'by Mr.
j Weight was taken up for consideration; and on
i his motion it was amended by making the fol-
¡ lowing addition:
¡ " And also to report the names of the several
! ' persons who have been employed by the De-
1 ' partment as draftsmen upon the said maps, the
■ ' dates from which to which each person has
; ' been so employed, and the rates of wages, and
I ' the amounts paid to each respectively for such
Í ' service."
i     The .resolution as amended was agreed to.
j The following resolution offered yesterday by
! Mr Calhoun, was taken up and adopted:
| Resolved, That n select committee be appointed
1 to inquire into the extent of executive patronage;
j the circumstances which have contributed to its
I great increase of late; the expediency and prac-
| ticabihty of reducing the same, and the means of
I such reduction; and that they have leave to re-
! port by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, it was ordered
that the committee consist of six.
Mr. C. wished that ihe committee might con-
sist of two members from each of the political
parties.    For it is well known (said Mr. C.)that
j there are different political interests in the Sen -
j ale.    That when   he  considered   the  extent  of
; executive patronage and influence, and ¡tsimport-
j ant effect upon our future prospects, he wished
to go into its consideration free from all preju-
dices, and to give it an impartial consideration.
He wished the committee might be immediately
appointed.
Mr. POINDEXTER proposed that the election
of the committee would be postponed till to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. CALHOUN objected.
And so the Senate proceeded to ballot for the
committee; when Messrs. Calhoun, Southard,
Bibb, Webster, Benton, and King of Georgia,
were elected.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENT, on leave, and agreeably to former
notice, introduced a bill for making compensation
for certain advances made to the Government
during the last war; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENT also introduced a joint resolution
for amending the Constitution of the United States
with regard to the election of President and Vice
President.
BOYD REILI.Y'S APPARATUS.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, the
bill authorizing the purchase of the right and ap-
paratus of Boyd Reilly for applying irrespirable
gas to the human system, to be used in the Army
and Navy of the United States, was taken up
and considered in Committee of the Whole, and
j without opposition, was oidered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
NORTHERN  BI^UNDARY OF OHIO.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill estab-
lishing the northern boundary line of the State
of Ohio, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. C. then observed, that it was important
the bill should receive the immediate action of
Congiess, on account of its connexion with
Michigan and the proposed new Territory of
Wisconsin, that this line should be established
before admitting Michigan into the Union. Mr.
C. being chairman of the committee that reported
the bill, went on at some length to explain the
views that had governed the committee in the
formation of the bill.
Here a motion was made to adjourn; which did
not prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS then offered an amendment;
which was agreed to.
After some further observations by Messrs.
CLAYTON and HENDRICKS, Mr. ROBIN-
SON offered another amendment; which was
also received—
And the bill as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, without opposi-
tion
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the coro-
municationw received this day from the Treasury
Department, on the subject of the northern
boundary line of Indiana, was ordered to be
printed.
And then the Senate adjourned. •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 6, 1835.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Jarret
Buckingham; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr.   CLAYTON, from   the  Committee   on
Public Lands, reported a bill confirming to the
representatives of Thomas F. Riddick the title to
¡ six hundred and forty acres of land; which was
| twice read and committed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting an additional
quantity of land for the satisfaction of revolution-
ary land warrants; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of James Moore and William
Moore; which was read twice,and postponed for
one week.                  
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Richard T. Archer; which was read twice, and
postponed for one week.
Mr. C. (instructed by the Committee on Private
Land Claims) moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Latham, deceased; which was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the
consideration of the bill supplementary to the
act of July 4, 1832, for the final adjustment of
land claims in the southeastern district of Lou-
, isiana, and that the same be committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was disagreed to."
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made a favorable report in re-
lation to certain fortifications at St. Augustine,
in Florida; which, on his motion, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole, to whom the
bill on the subject of fortifications had been com-
mitted.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, Mr. BOON, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and Mr. ADAMS, of
New York, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made unfavorable reports upon various
petitions and subjects referred to said committees.
Mr HUBBARD, from the joint committee ap-
pointed on that subject, reported the following
correspondence between the joint committee and
John dumcy Adams, on the subject of the ad-
dress delivered by the latter on the life and char-
acter of General La Fayette:
•                         January 5, 1835.
Sir: We have the honor to present to you offi-
cial copies of the joint resolutions adopted by the
Senate and House of Representatives on the 2d
instant, expressing the thanks of Congress for
the appropriate oration delivered by you in the
Hall of Representatives on the 31st ultimo, on
the life and character of General La Fayette, and
authorizing a request to be made to you fora copy
of it for publication.
Having shared the high gratification of hearing
the oration, we take pleasure, in pursuance of
the second of the joint resolutions, in requesting
you to furnish a copy of the oration for publica-
tion.
We have the honor to be, with great respect,
your obedient servants,
HENRY CLAY,
Chairman Committee on the part of the Senate
HENRY HUBBARD,
Chairman Committee on the part of the House
To the Hon, John Quincy Adams.
