1835.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   101
the widows and children of those officers," was
virtually an  annual appropriation  out   of   the
Treasury to grant annuities or pensions to those
persons who have not heretofore come within
the pension policy of tins country     The honor-
able gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mason] said
in reply, that I was mistaken in supposing it to
be an appropriation out of the Treasury; it was
out of the pay of the officers; and he undertook
to establish  his position.    Why, Mr. Speaker,
who can fail to. perceive, that if you establish a
rate of pay for your officers, from which you
deduct annually three per cent., you must make
that pay three per cent, higher than you would
otherwise deem necessary?   But, sir,(said Mr.
M.,) I cannot add  to  what  was  said on this
point, and so well said yesterday, by the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Allen.] Mr.
Speaker, my two honorable colleagues, [Messrs.
Ward and Vandekpoel,] for whom I entertain
feelings of habitual respect, have delivered to us
some warm-hearted eulogiums upon the charac-
ter and services of our Navy and its officers.    In
all they have said in that respect, I most fully
and sincerely concur; but, perhaps unfortunately,
I have been  obliged to  consider  the  question
before us as one of entirely different character,
■wholly disconnected with those brilliant achieve-
ments which have won so much favor, and com-
manded so much eloquent admiration.
Sir, (said Mr. M.,) there are at present one
thousand and seven officers attached to the Navy.
Their present aggregate pay is $738,425 25. If
you pass this bill, sir, their aggregate pay will
be $973,593 34, raakingan increase of $235,168 09.
This statement may not be entirely accurate,
although it is derived from the most correct offi-
cial sources. The pay of these officers, sir, at
present, is a sum sufficient to support the civil
administration of any three of the largest State
governments in this Union, and the increased pay
provided in this bill is a sufficient sum to support
the government of either one of them. We are
then to decide, sir, not whether the Navy has
acquired glory in deadly conflict, but whether we
will enlarge the permanent expenditures of this
Government, (already complained of in every
quarter of the Union,) by-so large a sum annually,
to be gathered from the fruits'of honest labor, in
order to increase the salaries of the officers, not
so much for those who were connected with the
glories of which my colleagues speak, (for many
of them have long since made their beds in the
" vasty deep,") but those who are to succeed,
and who are now pressing from every quarter of
the country to gain admission into the service.
My friends alluded to the pay of the higher
grades in the British and French navies; and I
fear those precedents, in the unguarded moments
of their warm-hearted zeal towards the brave,
may for once have caused them to forget the in-
terests of those whose utmost toil, in the heat and
burden of the day, secures for them but a limited
protection against the chills of the winters of their
lives.   '
Finally, Mr. Speaker,'(continued Mr. M.,)
we need have little apprehension that those who
work for the United States will work for nothing;
neither need we have our repose disturbed for
fear they will not get enough. Let us remem-
ber that this Government derives all its reve-
nues, as well as all its powers, from the people;
that it cannot act at all except by agents, whose
self-interest (an all-pervading spring of human
action) is always against the principle quickened
by cupidity and sharpened by avarice; and, for
one, I conclude there is no danger on their side of
the question. Sir, (said Mr. SI.,) let me add that
I have always been friendly to the Navy—I have
appreciated its utility, equally with its gallantry.
I would provide liberally to sustain its real and
true interests, us dignity and reputation abroad,
by suitable and general laws. But do not, sir,
I beseech, charge the country with so large a
permanent expenditure to raise our salaries and
increase our luxuries, lest, through consequent
effeminacy, we too soon realize the evils which
Spain found in the mines of the New World.
Mr. POPEsaid that lie had heretofore abstained
from any interference in the progress of the bill
before the House He had, however, listened
attentively to the various propositions of gentle-
men, and the remarks which had been made on
the subject. He was satisfied that the present
compensation to those engaged in the naval ser-
vice was too low. He was not to be deteured by
anything which might be urged, from doing en-
tire justice to, and paying adequately those indi-
viduals who encountered the perils of the ocean,
in sustaining and defending the flag and the honor
of the nation. He believed that the bill was not
altogether just in its details; but he would prefer
taking it with its imperfections, than that no act
on the subject should be passed. He would
rather give too much than too little to those en-
gaged in the naval service of the country. While
he entertained these views, he was apprehensive
that the bill, in its present shape, would not re-
ceive the assent of the House; and he appealed
to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Allen] to
withdraw his motion to commit, for the purpose
of giving him (Mr. P.) an opportunity to sub-
mit a proposition, which he indicated, to amend
the bill, and which he considered necessary to
insure its passage.    ■
Mr. WISE hoped his colleague would with-
draw his motion to commit the bill, and enable
its friends to remedy its defects, if any should be
found to exist.
Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, said that inasmuch
as his motion had been superseded, or varied by
the instructions which had been proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mann,] he had
no objections to withdraw it.
The motion being withdrawn, Mr. POPE pro-
posed to amend the bill by striking from the
following clause, the words printed in italics:
" To captains, when commanding squadrons
on coast stations, and when acting as JVuot/ com-
missioners, four thousand/iTC hundred dollars."
Mr. PARKER suggested that the words "coast
stations," be also stricken out.
Mr. POPE assented to the" suggestion as a
modification of his motion.
Mr. PH further moved to amend the bill by
striking out §3,700 as the compensation to cap-
tains " when on other duty" than specially
stated, and inserting $3,000.
Also, to strike from the bill all that part rela-
ting to extra allowances, and to raising a fund by
deducting three per cent, from the pay of the
commission and warrant officers, for the relief of
the relations, &c, of deceased officers.
Mr. WATMOUGH was anxious that this bill,
which had occupied so much of the time of the
House, should be disposed of. If gentlemen
would be satisfied with the amendments proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky, he would not
oppose them, and was willing that they should
he adopted.
Mr. J ARVIS remarked that the portions of the
bill which it was proposed to change, having been
amended in the Committee of the Whole, and the
House having concurred in the amendments thus
proposed by the committee, he did not think that
the Hguse could now, without a commitment,
entertain the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
After some conversation between Mr. MASOjM,
of Virginia, and the CHAIR (temporarily filled
by Mr! Hubbard) on the point of order raised by
Mr. Jarvis,                                                       .
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, moved to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with instructions to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof
several sections, (which he sent to the Clerk s
table,) proposing to establish the ranks of admi-
ral, vice admiral, and rear admiral, in the naval
service, and fixing various grades of compensa-
tion to the individuals employed in the same
Mr. JONES moved that this amendment be
PUMr GILLET hoped that the gentleman would
include in his motion to print the bill before the
House, together with all amendments which hart
been adopted. It was almost impossible to
ascertain the precise shape which it had as-
sumed.                                                        .          „,
Mr. JONES accepted the modification, me
motion to print being put, there appeared—yeas
66, nays 63.    A quorum not voting,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 7, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. LINN and BIBB.
Mr. TYLER presented a petition from citizens
of Georgetown, praying relief from Congress
from the pecuniary embarrassments in which that
city is involved; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Magruder, without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reportad a bill for the relief
of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Tyler, was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.                                              •
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading:
A bill for the relief of James Young;
A bill for the relief of Henry Awkward;
A bill for the relief of Bailey E. Clark; and
A bill to authorize the Secretary of State to
issue letters patent to James Jones.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PORTER, on leave given, introduced a
bill supplementary to the act to authorize the
people of Ijouisiana to enter certain back lands;
which was read twice and referred.
Mr. WAGGAMAN, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced the following bills;
which were severally read twice and referred:
A bill for the relief of Wyat Singleton and
James Andrews;
A bill for the relief of James L. Stokes, and
for other purposes;
A bill for the relief of Abraham Wrinkle;
A bill for the relief of William L. Cockerel; and
A bill for the relief of Paul Paisset.
Mr. LINN, on leave given, introduced a bill
for the relief of Bartholomew Butcher and others,
heirs of Peter Bloom; which was read twice and
referred.
BILL PASSED.
The bill for the relief of J. W. Gleason and
others, was read the third time and passed.
MR. ADAMS'S ORATION ON LA FAYETTE.
Mr. CLAY submitted the proceedings of the
joint committee appointed in consequence of the
death of General La Fayette, together with the
correspondence  between   the  chairman   of   the
committee and Mr. John a. Adams on the sub-
ject of the oration delivered by that gentleman
upon the life and character of La Fayette, by
which  it appeared that Mr. Adams assented to
the request to furnish a copy of the oration for
publication.                                                        .   .
Mr. C. said, if he was guided by the opinion
which he had formed of the oration, or of its ex-
traordinary merit, he could scarcely name any
number of copies to be printed which would be
too great. The House, however, had ordered
fifty thousand copies, and therefore not so many
would be necessary to be ordered by the Senate.
A number proportioned to that would be ten
thousand, which he thought sufficient. He there-
fore moved that ten thousand copies of the ora-
tion be ordered to be printed; which was agreed
to
IMPROVEMENT OF THE WABASH.
The bill making an appropriation to improve
the navigation of the river Wabash came up on
its thiid reading.
Mr. CLAY said he desired to make some
observations upon that part of the President s
message out of which this bill had grown.
He would vote with pleasure for the bill, and
he hoped it would pass the Senate, and meet with
a kinder fate in the House than it experienced
last session. The President in his message had
stated a principle in relation to the power of
Congress over internal improvements which was
so novel and so extraordinary in its character
that he thought it ought not to pass witnout some
observation. What was that principle ? U was
this. That the limit given by the Constitution to
