102                                         THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________January 7,
the power of Congress  over internal improve-
ments was that limit which was furnished  by    •
tide water, and that such improvement could not
be authorized by Congress which should extend
beyond a port of entry, and they were generally
confined to tide water.    By. this construction of
the Constitution, the exercise of the power did
not depend upon the grants in that instrument,
but altogether on collateral circumstances.    If
this interpretation were correct, the Constitution
did not depend upon, its own provisions to govern,
but entirely upon the discretion of Congress; and
he also complained of the effect of such an inter-
pretation.    What was it?    It was to repudiate,
and entirely to cutoff from the benefits of internal j
improvements made under the authority of the ¡
General Government, the whole interior of the |
country which lay above tide water.    Whatever J
might be the fate of this construction, it was im- ¡1
possible that the country should be  contented   I
with thislimited extent of power.   lie had risen
on this occasion solely for the purpose of enter-
ing his protest against s"uch an interpretation of
the power of Congress over internal  improve-
ments, as was held by the President in his mes-
sage.
The question being on the final passage of the
bill,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, demande'd uve yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and are as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clay, Clayton, Ew-
ing, Prelinghuysen, Hendricks, Kane, Kent,
Knight, Linn, McKean, Naudain, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Robbins, Robinson, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard, Swift, Tipton, Tomlinson, and Webster—
23.
NAYS —Messrs. Bibb, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Calhoun, Grundy, Hill, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Moore,
Morris, Preston, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tyler, and
White—18.
So the question was determined in the affirm-'
alive.
RIGHT OF WAY—BOYD REILLY.
The joint resolution giving the right of way to
the Winchester and Potomac Railroad Company
through the public lands of the United States at
Harper's Perry, and
The bill authorizing the purchase of Boyd
Reilly's patent apparatus for applying the irres-
pirable gases to the human body, to be used in
the Army and Navy of the United States, were
severally read a third time and passed.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
The bill to settle and establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio, having been
taken up on the third reading,
Mr. SHEPLEY said, he"believed that, with
regard to this bill, many gentlemen were acting
under erroneous impressions. That, in order to
give the Delegate from Michigan an opportunity
of iaying before the Senate certain statements and
facts relating to this subject, he would move the
suspension of the nineteenth rule of the Senate,
which forbids the admission, upon the floor of
this House, of any person interested in any dis-
cussion of the Senate. Ho moved the suspen-
sion of this rule, in order to have an opportunity
of making another motion to admit the Delegate
from Michigan to be heard by the Senate on this
important subject.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that to dispense
with a rule of the Senate, required unanimous
consent.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said that the rules of
the Senate had been then most flagrantly violated.
For it had been otherwise decided during the last
session,when he contended that it required unan-
imous consent.
Mr. POINDEXTER said, he was disposed to
extend as much indulgence as possible to the
Delegate from Michigan. That the bill was one
of great importance to his constituents, and he
would move, therefore, that the bill be laid on
the table, in order to give the Delegate time to
lay his views before the Senate in writing or
otherwise.
Mr. EWING did not object to hear the Dele-
gate, but did strongly object to laying the bill on
the table.    He was opposed to any delay.   The
subject had been before the Senate for two years
already. The Delegate had enjoyed the aid of
an able executive officer in collecting facts on the
point in d.ispute. That it rested more on state-
ments than facts. He would not oppose rescind-
ing the rule of the Senate. He wished to hear
the arguments of the Delegate, but he was op-
posed to all delay. He' wished the bill sent to
the other House in season to be fully discussed
this session.
Mr. SHEPLEY replied, that he was informed
that maps were preparing in New York which
wo ild show the position of the original line, and
he hoped the motion of the gentleman [Mr.
Poindexter] would prevail, and in a few days
the maps might be here; that if the bill should
pass the Senate by the middle of the month,
there would still remain forty-five days for us
passing through the other House.
Mr. CLAYTON explained the subject with
respect to maps.
After some further discussion by Messrs.
SHEPLEY, EWING, LEIGH, and BIBB, the
question was put on Mr. Shepley's motion;
and, on a division, was lost.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
the title having been first amended to read, " An
act to settle and establish the northern boundary
line of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois."
VACANCIES IN COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY said, that in consequence of the
resignation of Mr. Sprague, there was a vacancy
in the Committee of Foreign Relations, and he
moved that the Senate proceed to fill the vacancy;
which was agreed to; when, on balloting for a
member, Mr. Porter was elected.
Mr. SILSBEE remarked that, by the same
occurrence there was a vacancy in the Committee
on Commerce. He moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to fill the same; which was agreed to, when
Mr. Tomlinson was chosen.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.     .
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the board of commissioners
appointed under the act for the adjustment of
land claims in Missouri; which, on motion of
Mr. Poindexter, was ordered to be printed, and
referned to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
NAVY CONTRACTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
a report from the Navy Department, made in
obedience to the act of March, 1809, showing the
amount of contracts of that Department for the
last year.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The bill making compensation for French spo-
liations committed prior to 1800 being announced
as the special order,
Mr. TALLMADGE rose and expressed a hope
that the bill might not be further pressed to-day.
His colleague [Mr Wkiuht] was desirous of
expressing his views upon the subject, brjt he
was now diligently employed examining into it.
Having heard yesterday that the debate was
drawing to a close, he was prepared himself,
and would be ready by to-morrow to deliver his
sentiments.
Mr. WEBSTER said he was not authorized
to put off the bill any longer, but felt himself
bound to hold to more urgency on the subject
than he had done. If the honorable member from
New York could not address the Senate to-day,
he hoped some other gentleman who intended to
speak, if any designed doing so, would embrace
this opportunity.
Mr. TALLMADGE here made some remarks,
directed towards Mr. Webster, which were not
heard, and concluded by moving a postponement
of the special order till to-morrow.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed.himself anxious to
have the question taken and the debate finished.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wright]
would be likely to be the last to speak upon the
bill, he had no objection to the postponement.
Mr. POINDEXTER remarked that there
would probably be no amendment offered to the
bill; and if not, he would suggest that it be al-
lowed now to be engrossed for a third readin°-
Mr. WEBSTER had no objection.
Mr. TALLMADGE thought there would prob-
ably be some objection to the details of the bill,
and he-was opposed to it being ordered to be en-
grossed now, as that course would cut off all
amendments, when it came up on its final pas-
sage.
Mr. BIBB was unwilling at this time that the
bill should be ordered to be engrossed. He had
thought the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Wright] would have given his sentiments to-day,
which would have allowed him (Mr. B.) a further
opportunity of examining the document's.
Mr. WEBSTER said that the question in-
volved was a judicial one, stiictly speaking, and
one which required close and strict attention.
He would be very glad to have the advantage of
the expeuence and judgment of the honorable
membei from Kentucky, [Mr. Bibb,] in a ques-
tion of this sort, and he was willing that the
postponement should take place, if it was un-
derstood that the question on engrossing the
bill could be taken to-morrow, or on Friday at
furthest.
The motion to postpone was agreed to
EXECUTIVE  SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate then
went into the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein with closed
doors,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 7, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania; Mr.
MASON, of Virginia; Mr. GILLET, of New
York; and Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds said: I am requested to pre-
sent to this House, most strange and singular
Editions. They proceed from a race of human
eings that much need the care and attention of
the Government of the United States—they have
it in all cases wherein the Governmentisinformcd
of their situation. These petitionsare signed by
about four hundred and fifty Sac and Fox Indians,
and pray the Congress of the United States to
take their situation into consideration relative to
the payment of their annuities. They state that
they are poor, which I know to be true, and de-
pend much on their annuities for support. They
| say, furthermore, that they have not, some of
them, received any of the annuity whatever of
this year, and the others have received only a
part of the annuity for the year. That these
annuities were paid in bank notes at St. Louis,
which is a great distance from their resi-
dence—and paid to some chiefs, who handed the,
amount over to the American Fur Company—
and the petitioners were riot present at the trans-
action. They pray, that the annuities may here-
after be paid to each individual, or head of a
family, in their own villages, and notice giv.en of
the time and place, which was not given in this
instance.]
Mr. BARBER, of Connecticut, and Mr. AD-
AMS, of Massachusetts.
Which petitions and memorials were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. McINTIRE, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joel Sar-
tain; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year 1635; which was read twice, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
PUBLIC LANDS FOR SCHOOLS.
Mr. CARR submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency or
granting to each fractional township in which
there is no school Jands located, a quantity of
land for school purposes, sufficient to make them
equal with whole townships, in proportion to the
quantity of land contained in said fractional town-
ships
