1885.__________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   IQg
¡At. C. remarked that in all the new States, he
believed, by the act of Congress admitting them
into the Union, the section numbered sixteen in
every township, and where such section had
been sold, granted or disposed, other lands equiv-
alent thereto, and most contiguous to the same,
were granted to the inhabitants of such township
for the use of schools. Mr. C. stated, that upon
the Ohio river and elsewhere, there were frac-
tional townships in which there are no lands set
apart for school purposes, and there were also
other fractional townships adjacent to a tract of
country in the State of Indiana which was given
to General George Rodgei-s Clark, and the offi-
cers and soldiers under his command, which is
called the Illinois grant, in which fractional town-
ships there are no school lands. Mr. C. said,
the resolution which he had submitted had for
its object nothing more nor less than to grant to
the persons residing in fractional townships,
where no school lands are set apart, such quan-
tity of land as will make them equal with those
residing in townships, and to whom school lands
have been granted. He presumed to this propo-
sition no one could object.
The resolution was adopted.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, offered
the following; which, under the rule, lies on the
table one day.
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be di-
rected to communicale to this House a copy of
the report of the board of engineers of the 13th
of March, 1834, relative to the repairs of Fort
Independence in Boston harbor, together with
his opinion of the expediency of executing the
repairs proposed in the said report.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety of establishing a territorial government
within the District of Columbia, and of reporting
some mode of relief to the said District from its
present embarrassnients.
Mr. BROWN offered the following; which,
under the rule, lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish this House with a statement
containing the yearly amount of compensation
to which the post captains, masters command-
ant, lieutenants, masters, surgeons, surgeons'
mates, pursers, chaplains, teachers, midshipmen,
boatswains, gunners, carpenters, sail-makers,
and clerks in the Navy of the United States are
severally entitled, and which they actually re-
ceive under the existing laws, and the rules and
regulations of the Navy Department, designating
particularly the sums allowed and paid for the
nay and rations of the several officers themselves,
and for the pay, rations, and clothing of then-
servants; together with the sums allowed for
house rent, fuel, candles, stationery, furniture,
commissions upon disbursements and upon bills
of exchange; and also the additional compensa-
tion (if any) made to officers while in command
o^ squadions or single ships upon a home or
foreign station, or while in command of navy-
yards, or acting as Navy commissioner; and tile
difference of compensation and allowances for
services rendered at sea from those which are
rendered on shore; and also the several sums
usually allowed and paid for travel, and for ser-
vice and attendance upon courts-martial, surveys,
and duties of inspection; and for all or any other
duties and services not enumerated or particu-
larly mentioned in this resolution, so far as the
same can be ascertained by the Navy Depart- '
ment.                                                                           •.
On motion of Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Ger-
mantown  to   the Little  Yadkin  post  office, in
Stokes county, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making compensation to Dr. J. E. B. Finley,
and Dr. E. Harvey Deas, for professional ser-
vices rendered to certain companies of United
States troops, according to a contract made with
them by Major Heileman, of the United States
Army, and that the papers accompanying this
resolution be referred to the same committee."
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
it WHS
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
adopting measures to establish the growth and
manufacture of silk;
And also of introducing into each State in the
Union the practical improvements made by Ga-
maliel Gay in the reeling and weaving the same.
Oo motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instructed to inquire into, the ex-
pediency of allowing to Jesse Potts, of Florida,
a captain in the Continental line in the war of the
Revolution, his commutation pay under the reso-
lution of Congress of 1783.
Mr. HAMER, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to- inquire into the expediency of
amending the Constitution of the United States
so as to limit the service of the judges of the Su-
preme and inferior courts to a term of years.
■ Mr. EVANS moved the question'of consider-
ation.
Messrs.  HUBBARD  and   MARDIS  asked,
simultaneously, for the yeas and nays; which
I were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House:
which wasllfegatived.
The question was then propounded, " Will the
House consider the resolution ?" which was de-
cided in the negative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. John J. Allen, William Allen,
Bean, Beaty, Bockee, Boon, Brown, Bull, Burns,
Bynum, Cambrelong, Campbell, Carmichael,
Carr, Casey, Chancy, Chilton, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Clayton, Clovvney, Cramer, Day, Dicker-
son, Dunlap, Ferris, Forester, Foster, Galbraith,
Gamble, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Hardin, Joseph M. Harper,
James Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Henderson,
Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, luge, Jarvis,
Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Ivilgore, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Luke Lea, Lewis, Love,
Lyon, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Moses Mason,
May, McCarty, Mclntire, McKay, McKim, Mc-
Lcne, Miller, Robert Mitchell, Morgan, Muhlen-
berg, Osgood, Pierson.Plummer, Polk, Reynolds,
Robertson, Shinn, Smith, Standefcr, Turner,
Turnll, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wardwell,
and Whallon-84.
NAYS—Messrs. John GL. Adams, Chilton Al-
lan, Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber,
Barnitz, Bates, Baylies, Briggs, Burges, Cage,
Chambers, Chinu, Claiborne, William Clark,
Coffee, Corwin, Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Dar-
lington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Den-
ny, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett, Ewing,
Fillmore, Philo C. Fuller, Fulton, Garland, Gil-
mer, Gordon, Graham, Grennell, Hard, Hazel-
tine, Heath, Hiester, William Jackson, Janes,
William C. Johnson, Henry Johnsen, Laporte,
Lay, Letcher, Lincoln, Loyall, Manning, Mar- j
tindale, Marshall, John Y. Mason, McComas,
McKennan, McVean, Miner, Murphy, Patton,
Pickens, Pinckney, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Schenck, Schley, Augustine H.Shepperd, Shade,
Sloane, Spangler, Steele, William Taylor, Phile-
mon Thomas, TompTvins, Trumbull, Tweedy,
Vance, Vinton, Watm'ougii, White, Frederick
Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise,
and Young—90.
PUBLIC  IMPROVEMENTS.                     I
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution heretofore offered by Mr. Chilton.
Mr. CHILTON said he had endeavored to
sustain the position which he had assumed, viz: I
that the funds in the Treasury of this nation
were paid by the people of this Union, and, of
course, belonged to them, and not to any partic-
ular State or section of the Union. I am sus-
tained in  this opinion by the President of the
i United States.    In his last annual message, the
¡ President says:
I     " My views in  regard to the expediency of
I ' making  appropriations for works which are
' claimed to be of a national character, and pros
' ecuted under State authority, assuming that
' Congress have the right to do so, were stated in-
' my annual message to Congress in 1830, and
' also in that containing my objections to the
'Maysville road hill. So thoroughly convinced
' am I that no such appropriations ought to be
' made by Congress, until a suitable constitutional
' provision is made upon the subject, and so es-
' sential do I regard the point to the highest inter-
' ests of our country, that I could not consider
' myself as discharging my duty to my constitu-
« ents in giving the Executive sanction to any bill
' containing such" an appropriation." If the people
' of the United States desire that the public Treas-
' ury shall be resorted to for the means to pros-
' ecute such works, they will concur in an amend-
' ment of the Constitution, prescribing a rule by
' which the national character of the works is to
' be tested, and by which the greatest practicable
' equality of benefits may be secured to each
' member of the Confederacy. The effects of such
' a regulation would be most salutary in prcvent-
' ing unprofitable expenditures, in securing our
' legislation from the pcrnjjEkus consequences
' of a scramble for the favors of Government,
' and in repressing the spirit of discontent which
' must inevitably arise from an unequal distnbu-
1 tion of treasures which belong alike to all."
Having disposed of the questions of fact and
of law referable to the same, he now came to the
solution of the question, ".What distribution of
public funds will be just and equal >" He would
not attempt to point out what mode should be
adopted. Great injustice had been done to the
western States by what has been familiarly called
the American system. A distinguished member
from the western States had reported to this
House a mode of distribution which he (Mr. C.)
believed to be just: it was, that there should be
a distribution of the amount remaining in the
Treasury to the States, in proportion to their
population or representation on this floor. But
this was not adopted. Contributions had been
made for public works in some sections of this
Union; while they had been withheld from othera
which had as important works, and claims as
strong on Government. It had been intimated,
that an attempt would be made to dispose of this
resolution by laying it on the table; but if gen-
tlemen suppose to stifle inquiry in this way, they
will find it will be the last argument that will
«atisfy the people. He would invite attention to
that part of the President's message in which he
attempts to explain the reasons which induced
him to veto works of improvement.    He says:
•' The desire to embark the Federal Govern-
' ment in works of internal  improvement   pre-
' vailed in the highest degree during the iirstses-
' sion  of the first Congress I liad the honor to
'meet in  my present station.    When the bill
' authorizing a subscription on the part of the
' United States, for stock in the Maysville and
' Lexington Turnpike Company, passed the two
' Houses, there had been reported by the Com-
' mittee on Internal Improvements bills contain-
' ing appropriations for such objects, exclusive
' of those for the Cumberland road, and for har-
I ' bors and light-houses, to the amount of about
| ' one  hundred and six millions of dollars.    In
j ' addition to those projects which had been pre-
! ' sented to the two Houses, under the sanction
' of their respective Committees on Internal Im-
' provements, there were then still pending before
' the committees, and in memorials presented,
' but not referred, different projects for works of
Í ' a similar character, the expense of which can-
I ' not be estimated with certainty, but must have
I ' exceeded one hundred millions of dollars."
]      Why was it that the first year of General Jack-
' son's administration was selected for thepurpose
j of encouraging these works ?    Why was it that
I the numcious applications were made, on which
I the committees reported favorably, allowing up-
I wards of one hundred millions of dollars and
I others involving the country one hundred mil-
| lions more ?   There might be those that had not
I taken the pains he had to ascertain the motives.
Mr. C. said he was one of the original support-
ers of the Executive of the United States; ho had
frequently   had occasion to refer to this before,
but he never did it boastingly, because it was
i not what he was disposed to boast of.   Mr. C.
