110                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            January 8,
always " to renew" the treaties, which implied
their previous extinction; and these offers of
renewal were always accompanied with modifi-
cations and conditions, thought advantageous to
the proposer. Theclaims,then, (Mr. K. insisted,)
had been extinguished by the hostile relations
between the two countries, and had never been
revived either by negotiations or acknowledg-
ment.
Mr. K. then went into the second subject of
inquiry. Were the United States, on the 30th
September, 1800, bound by treaty stipulations to
the Government of France, onerous to the one
and valuable to the other? Mr. K. thought not.
The conduct of Franco had perhaps sufficiently
discharged the United States from all the obliga-
tions of the treaties. But, to put the matter be-
yond doubt in a judicial point of view, Congress,
on the 7th of July, 1798, passed an act declara-
tory on the subject, by which (after reciting in
the preamble, as a justification of the act, the fre-
quent violations of the treaties by France) it was
enactedP"That the United States are of right
' freed and exonerated from the stipulations of the
' treaties and of the Consular Convention hereto-
' fore concluded between the United States and
' Franco, and that the same shall not henceforth
' be considered as legally obligatory on the Gov-
* ernmentor citizens of the United States."
One would suppose, (said Mr. K.,) that this
act would settle the matter; but, to his utter as-
tonishment, this right in the United States as an
independent party to the treaty had been denied.
It was said the consent of both parties must first
be obtained. There might be some modification
of the right as between the United States and its
citizens claiming the benefit of a treaty; or die
right of Congress to repeal a treaty by ordinary
legislation without reasons, might be questioned.
But this was a judicial act of an independent
sovereign Power, containing the reasons for the
decision, which reasons all acknowledged to be
perfectly true. And when gentlemen were so
general in their denial of the power of Congress
on this subject as to include the act in question,
he scarcely knew how to treat such a position.
"What an extraordinary position we should be
placed iti! Having treaties of peace and com-
merce with all the world, any nation with whom
- we had made treaties might violate them utpleas-
ure, drive our commerce from the ocean, and
even bring war to the Capitol, and the United
States could not move against the offender with-
out breaking the faith of treaties! This would
be a new principle to introduce into the law of
nations.
From the time of Grotius up to the present
time, it had, he thought, been acknowledged a
universal principle of national law, that in cases
of compact between independent nations, there
being no common judge, each party had the right
to judge for itself, " as well of the infraction as
of the mode and measure of redress." This prin-
ciple had been mucli quoted of late to sustain the
• rights of the States of the Union, to judge of an
infraction of the Constitution. He never could
see the application of this principle to the rights
of the States in their relation to the Federal Gov-
ernment; but when applied to the United States
and France, two nations entirely independent in
all their exterior relations, the principle was
plain, and the application easy. Mr. K. said he
had hastily turned to one authority on national
•Jaw, which he believed spoke the sentiments of
all elementary writers on the subject.
Mr. K. then read from Vattel, book 11, ch.
13, page 213.
" Treaties contain promises that aro perfect
' and reciprocal.    If one of the parties fails in
<  his engagements, the other may compel him td
' fulfill them. A perfect promise confers a right
' to do so. But if the latter has no other expe-
' dient but that of arms to force his ally to the
' performance of his promises, ho will sometimes
'find it more eligible to cancel the promises on
' his own side also, and dissolve the treaty. He
' has undoubtedly a right to do this, since his
' promises were made only on condition that the
' ally should on his part execute everything which
' he had engaged to perform.    The party, therc-
<  fore, who is offended or impaired m those par-
 ticuUrs which constitute the basis of the treaty,
<  is at liberty to chose the alternative of cither
«compelling -x faithles.s ally to fulfill hU engage-
' ments, or of declaring the treaty dissolved by his
' violation of it. On such an occasion, prudence
' and wise policy will point out the line of con-
' duct to be pursued."
It cannot be necessary (said Mr. K.) to insist
that the United States possess the same rights on
this subject with othsr independent nations; and
he presumed it would not be denied that the rea-
sons set forth in the act for dissolving the treaty
are perfectly true, and constitute a legal justifica-
tion of the measure. It might safely be submitted
to the Senate as an original question, whether
France had not, by her violation of the treaty,
justified its nullification by us ? The author just
quoted, (said Mr. K.,) on another page, cites
Grotius to prove that "every article of a treaty
carries with it a condition, by the non-perform-
ance of which the treaty is wholly canceled."
I ask Senators, then, (said Mr. K.,) whether
France did not first violate the treaty? That she
did so, is the very first position established by
them. And here the advocates of the bill found
themselves in this strange predicament: that
their first position to establish a claim against
France, proved at the same time that the United
States were not responsible for it. Mr. K. would
not dwell longer on this branch of the subject.
Ho considered the treaty clearly canceled, as well
by the acts of France, as by Us nullification by
the United States for sufficient causes. He there-
fore concluded that, on the 30th of September,
1800, the United States were not bound by treaty
stipulationi to France, and therefore could have
received no consideration for the release of the claims
in question.
But it is said the treaty stipulations were valu-
able at the date referred to, because the Ameri-
can negotiators offered for them eight millions of
francs; and one would be led to think, (said Mr.
K.,) from the confidence with which gentlemen
refer to this offer, that they had something
almost equivalent to the promissory note of the
Government for at least this amount. He had
already remarked that these offers in negotiation
determined nothing unless reduced to treaty and
ratified. But when wo examined this "offer,"
what kind of an offer was it? It was'an offer
which, if accepted by the French Government,
would have brought them eight or nine millions
of dpllars in debt! It is said we offered five mil-
lions of francs for a release from the stipulations
of the eleventh article of the treaty of 1778, which
guarantied to France her West India Islands;
and three millions for the privilege of her priva-
teers secured by the seventeenth article. The
better to understand the value of this offer, (said
Mr. K.,) let us look to the instructions which
preceded it, and with an evident reference to
which it was made. These instructions say:
"On the part of the United States, instead of
' troops or ships of war, it would be convenient
1 to stipulate for a moderate sum of money, or
' quantity of provisions at the option of France.
' Tlio provisions to be delivered at our ports in
1 any future defensive war," &c. It was the
opinion of our Cabinet at that time, that the guar-
antee in the eleventh article only extended to a
defensive war; and no treaty renewing it on any
other than this construction would have been rati-
fied by the United States. This offer, then, was
to renew the mutual guarantee, but at the same
time to settle Us construction audits value. For the
privileges under the seventeenth article we should
have paid three millions, for those privileges
were needed by us in our commercial relations
with England. But the five millions were contin-
gent upon a future defensive war. This part of the
arrangement was as valuable to one party as the
j other; and in fact the contingency had not yet hap-
í pened which would have justified the claim. So
i then we see this valuable offer (said Mr. K.) was
• an offer of three millions of francs certain, and
five millions contingent, that we might receive
fifty millions certain, *by way of indemnities.
Well might we propose to renew the treaties on
such terms. It was not very surprising that
France did not accept the generous offer.
Mr. K. said it only remained to inquire whether
i there was any justeauseofcomplaint against the
! Government, because the attitude it assumed to-
| wards France may have released these claims.
; To admit this would allow individuals to control
j th3 policy of nations. If these claims were
so releaseJ,.it was only one of those individual
sacrifices constantly made to State policy, in the
necessary operations of Government. We had
done everything that could be reasonably required
to secure their claims. We had spent large sums
in missions and negotiations before we resorted
to hostile measures, which were of courseattended
with heavy expense. Perhaps, (said Mr. K.,)
if we were to enter into a strict account with these
claimants we have spent more money in pursuit
of their claims than the amount at which they
are estimated, without computing the blood of our
citizens which may be estimated beyond millions
of treasure. It is for this, among other reasons,
(said Mr. K.,) that war always relinquishes the
claims for which it is declared. The blood of a
single citizen satisfies millions of debt.
The attitude which the United States assumed
then was necessary to the permanent policy and
honor of the country; and all private interests
must yield to it. In fact, (said Mr. K.,) it has
been clearly shown by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hill,] that their claims, under
no circumstances, would ever have been worth
one cent. It would be recollected that we did get
the promise, in the treaty of 1800, of indemnity
for all prizes not definitively condemned. Did
Bonaparte pay these claims, for which we held
his bond in the treaty? Not at all, sir. Not a
dollar of them would he pay to us; and we never
should have got a dollar from him, even for these
acknowledged indemnities, had not Louisiana been
forced as it were to auction, to prevent it from
falling into the hands of the English. And not
even then, sir, if we had not been cheated out of
the amount by French diplomacy, by which it
was gratuitously paid by ourselves, and ten mil-
lions besides. Bonaparte told his Minister to
take fifty millions of francs. He obtained eighty,
with the stipulation that twenty millions were
to be deducted to satisfy indemnities under the
treaty of 1800. Bonaparte was delighted at the
bargain; but mark what he said to Marbois, his
agent, when the treaty was reported to him: " I
would that these twenty millions be paid into the
Treasury. Who authorized you to part with the
money of the State ?" He was reminded that he
still would get ten millions more than he asked,
besides satisfying the Americans. "Ah, 'tis
true," said he; "the treaty does not leave one
anything to desire. Sixty millions for an occu-
pation that would not, perhaps, last a day,"&c.
Is it likely, then, (inquired Mr. K.,) that when
he had uniformly refused to satisfy what he had
solemnly promised to pay "for captures not defini-
tively condemned," that he would have paid for
captures every one of which had been condemned,
and for which any treaty stipulation had been
refused? Sir, (said Mr. K.,) the claims were
not worth a mill in the dollar at any time. Bona-
parte pay such claims! No, sir. He, with hia
drum-headed justice, and gunpowder administra-
tion, robbed everybody and paid nobody. If
these views be just, (said Mr. K.,) however the
claims may have been released, the claimants lost
nothing; for France never would have paid any-
thing for these claims, every one of which had
received the condemnation of- her tribunals in
some form or other, whether rightly or not. In
the late treaty we had to exclude all cases con-
demned, however just our complaints of the pro-
ceedings under which the condemnations were
made.
Mr. K. concluded, then, that France owed no
part of these claims on the 30th September, 1800,
which she ever would have paid, or that in strict-
ness could be insisted on.
That the United States, on the same date, were
under no treaty stipulations to-France, a release
from which would afford a consideration for the
claims. Claims and treaties, he said, had been
extinguished, and no act had ever been done by
the treaty-making power in this country to revive
them. These views he thought an entire answer
to the claims.
As to the nature of these claims (said Mr. K.)
which had been already referred to, he must say,
they were not such as appealed strongly to our
sympathies. There were few, it was said.inthe
hands of the original losers, and they were mostly
in the hands of insurance companies and under-
writers. These (said Mr. K.) are the weakest
of all possible claims. It was known that in those
days, profits were enormous, and increased by
the risk, which was known to be great, and the
