112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Kentucky that the question pending being one of
reconsideration, it was not debatable.
Mr. HARDIN remarked that he had. said all
that lie desired to say on the subject.
Mr. MERCER hoped to be permitted to cor-
rect the gentleman in one particular. There was
but one of the judges to whom he had made ref-
erence who was over eighty years of age, and he
was barely beyond that age.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, demand-
ed the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Bealc, Bean, Beaty, Beaumont,
Boon, Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cam-
breleng, Campbell, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chilton, Samuel Clark, Clay, Cramer', Day,
Dickerson, Dunlap, Ferris, Forester, Foster,
Fowler, Galbraith, Gamble, Gillet, Grayson,
Griffin, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Hardin, Harrison, Hathaway, Hender-
son, Howell, Hubbard, Inge, Jarvis, Richard
M.Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones,
Kavanagh, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing,
Luke Lea, Thomas Lee, Lewis, Love, Lytic,
Abijah Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Moses
Mason, May, McCarty, Molntire, McKay,
McKinley, McVean, Miller, Robert Mitchell,
Morgan, Muhlenburg, Osgood,Parks, Patterson,
Peyton, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Plummer,
Polk, Renchcr, Reynolds, Shinn, Smith, Stande-
fer, William Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thomson,
Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Van Houton,
Wagner, Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, Wise,
and Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. JohnQ,. Adams, Heman Al-
len, Chilton Allan, Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Bar-
ringer, Bates, Baylies, Bouldin, Briggs, Burges,
Cage, Chambers, Chinn, Clayton, Coflee, Cor-
win, Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Amos 'Davis,
Davenport, Deberry, Denny, Evans, Edward
Everett, Ewing, Felder, Fillmore, Philo C.
Fuller, William K. Fuller, Garland, Gilmer,
Gordon, Gorham, Graham, Grennell, James
Harper, Hazeltine, Heath, Heister, William
Jackson, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes, William
Cost Johnson, Henry Johnson, Laportc, Lay,
Lincoln, Loyall, Manning, Mardndale, Mar-
shall, McComas, McKennan,Mercer, Milligan,
Miner, Parker, Patton, Phillips,Pickens, Pinck-
ney, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Robertson,
Schenck, Schley, William B. Shepard, Augus-
tine H. Shepperd, Slade, Sloane, Spanglcr,
Steele, William P. Taylor, Philemon Thomas,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Wayne, White, Frederick Whittle-
sey, Wilde, and Williams—92.
So the House reversed their vote of yesterday,
and determined to consider the resolution.
Mr. HARDIN desired to propose an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD rose to a question of
order. He supposed that the vote which had
just been taken, placed the subject in the same
position in which it was before the vote of yes-
terday was taken; the question then pending being
that of consideration, it was not competent to
move an amendment to the resolution until the
House should first decide in favor of its consid-
eration.
The CHAIR decided that the vote which had
been just taken was tantamount to a decision
that the House would consider the resolution, &c.
After some conversation upon the question of
order between the CHAIR, and Messrs. A. H.
SHEPPERD, MERCER, and BRIGGS, the
decision of the Chair was acquiesced in.
Mr. HARDIN moved to amend the lesolution
by directing the committee to inquire at what age
it would be proper to declare judges incompetent
to serve on the bench.
Mr. HAMER accepted the amendment as a
modification of his motion.
Mr. "\JANOE moved to amend the resolution
by directing the committee to inquire into the
propriety of so amending the Constitution as to
prohibit the President of the United States from
making removals from office unless by the con-
sent of the Senate.
The hour allotted to morning business having
expired, the House, on motion of Mr. PARKER,
proceeded to the consideration of the orders of
the day, and the bills, &c, upon the Sneaker's
table
CLERKS IN STATE DEPARTMENT.     '
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of State, covering a list of the
clerks in his Department, and the salaries paid to
each; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
STATE BOUNDARIES.
A bill from the Senate to settle and establish
the northern boundary line of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, was read twice, and, on
motion of Mr. Allen, of Ohio, committed to a
select committee of seven members.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill to provide for the enlistment of boys in
the Navy;
■   A bill to change the titles of certain officers,of
the Navy;
A bill for the relief of J. and W. Eeeson, and
others;
A bill to improve the navigation of the Wabash
river; and
A bill for the benefit of Boyd Reilly.
RELIEF OF ALEXANDRIA.
The bill for the relief of the city of Alexandria,
District of Columbia, was read a third time.
Mr. MARDIS demanded the yeas and nays on
its passage; which were ordered.
Mr. HARDIN had seen no report of the esti-
mated cost of the canal, in the stock of which
Congress was asked by the bill to subscribe
$100,800. The United States had heretofore
given $100,000 for the purpose of aiding in open-
ing this canal between Georgetown and Alexan-
dria. The corporation of Alexandria had added
to this sum 850,000, and the citizens of that city,
$80,000, making in all #230,000, all of which was
already expended on this canal. Neither the
corporation nor the citizens of Alexandria, could
render further aid in the future progress of this
work. The city owed a debt of $250,000 in Hol-
land, to pay the interest on which required a tax
of seventy-five cents upon the hundred dollars
worth of property, and it was evident, from the
complete exhaustion of her means, that it would
be impossible for Alexandria to prosecute this
work. Under these circumstances, it was appa-
rent that it would devolve on Congress alone, if
they should deem it expedient, to finish this work.
One question, then, was, would the $100,000 pro-
posed to be subscribed by the bill, complete this
canal ? If not, how was the necessary sum to be
raised? Is it expected that Congress will con-
tinue to vote appropriations for this object until
it is finished? He had conversed with an intelli-
gent gentleman from Alexandria, and from the
data which he had received from him, (and which
Mr. H. recapitulated,) he was satisfied that in-
stead of $100,000 it would take more than one
million. There must be some mistake in the
estimates which had been made on this subject.
At all events, he for one, was unwilling to give
another $100,000 m aid of this aqueduct and canal
between Georgetown and Alexandria, particularly
when the broad and beautiful Potomac afforded
the most natural channel of communication be-
tween the two cities.
It hod been said that this work was necessary
lo prevent Alexandria from going down. He
should regret it. But he did not consider it of
much importance to the citizens of the United
States, whether a few merchants in Georgetown
and Alexandria should be deprived of the oppor-
tunity of realizing a commission on a few barrels
of Hour, if, however, Alexandria should go
down, it would-not be owing to a failure to finish
the contemplated canal. The cause would be ob-
vious. The commercial advantages of the large
cities completely overshadowed the prosperity of
the villages in their vicinity. You might as-well
expect corn and tobacco to grow and flourish
under the expanded branches of an oak, as that
such a city as Alexandria should enjoy great
commercial prosperity while situated in the imme-
diate neighborhood of Baltimore. Congress had
appropriated some one hundred and thirty or one
hundred and forty thousand dollars to open a
canal in the city of Washington, and lie would
ask what great advantages hail been derived from
this improvement  You might,indeed, occasion-
ally see a solitary bo-il ffoati:.g upon  this canal,
with a few cords of wood or some stone, to be
used in walling that part of the work which was
unfinished, and now and then in the summer or
spring a long-boat, Jaden with oysters and white
cat-fish. Of other advantages, he was ignorant.
Mr. H. thought it highly improper that these ex-
travagant appropriations of public money should
be made. He thought that Congress should con-
fine appropriations to the support of the Army
and Navy, and the civil list. If a general system
of internal improvements could be adopted, in
which all sections of the country could partici-
Eate, he might not be found in opposition to it;
ut he did object to the partial, if not useless ap-
propriations of millions of dollars for the benefit
of this District, or for purposes connected with
the District, and he should also object to other
partial appropriations, intended to benefit a par-
ticular section of the Union, while his own State
received not a solitary cent. There were bills on
the Clerk's table for appropriations to an amount
sufficient to break it down, were it even placed
upon it in bank notes.
Mr. CHINN'said the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Hardin] would allow him to set him
right on some points of fact. First, in regard to
the length of the proposed aqueduct. It was true,
the river at the place of its location was fifteen
hundred feet wide; but the abutments reduced
that width to one thousand feet. The arches,
too, instead of being, as represented by the gen-
tleman, eighty-two feet span, were in number
only eight or nine, and were about one hundred
feet span. Engineers of great talent and expe-
rience had pronounced arches of more than one
hundred feet perfectly safe and practicable. Au-
thorities, demonstrative of this fact, he had be-
fore him, for the satisfaction of any gentleman
who might wish to consult them. Mr. C. said
that he was aware that estimates were generally
received with many grains of allowance. They
were so received by himself. But here we had
demonstrations before us; for, contrary to the
position of the gentleman, the most difficult part
of the work was already accomplished; of which
any gentleman might convjpee himself by making
a visit to the spot. Its practicability had been
already clearly established, and the work had
thus far been most judiciously and economically
managed.
Mr. C. stated many reasons which should in-
duce the passage of this bill. He would come
down to a late period. The history of that great
work, the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, would
furnish some facts of a strong character, bearing
upon this matter. That work was one of im-
mense importance to the wealth and prosperity
of the vast extent of country contiguous to it,
from its commencement to the mouth of the Po-
tomac. But it seemed that the people of Alex-
andria were a fated people. The lateral canal
from Georgetown to Washington had taken from
them all the benefits they had anticipated from
that work. Mr. C. was sorry the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] had found it necessary
to refer to the enormous appropriations made by
Congress for the benefit of this District. But,
since he had done so, he would ask how much of
those appropriations had gone for the benefit of
Alexandria ? The entire appropriation of Con-
gress amounted to $50,000. Alexandria was not
alone to be benefited by this work. - Every man,
woman, and child in this vast vicinity were con-
cerned—every man who put his produce on board
a boat at the extremity of the canal, was inter-
ested in the appropriation provided for in the bill
The Government itself was most deeply interested;
and if it were a truism, that that work was most
useful which spread the most gsneral good, this
commanded peculiar attention.
Mr. C. concluded by appealing to the justice of
Congress to pass this bill, which he conceived to
be so plainly due, not only to Alexandria, but to
themselves. It was a last throe—a final struggle
to recover her commercial prosperity; and he
trusted in God she would be successful. With
her, indeed, it was a matter of life and death!
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved to postpone the
further consideration of the bill till Mond'ay next.
Mr. CHÍNN hoped not, since it had been al-
ready twice postponed, and he hoped the House
would now act upqi) jl.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, if his memory
servul hint aught, the same bill had undergone
