1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
considerable discussion towards the close of the
preceding session. The bill was an important
one, involving a large appropriation; and though
he should be glad to gratify the gentleman from
Virginia, yet, under the circumstances of the
case, public duty compelled him to press J¡is
motion.
The motion to postpone was then put, and
negatived.
Mr. MERCER, said he had listened to the able,
lucid, and, to him, convincing argument of his
honorable colleague [Mr. Ciiinn] with great sat-
isfaction. Mr. M entered into an elaborate
statement of facts respecting the Potomac bridge,
and the relative costs of that and the aqueducts,
the former of which would not amount by the
new plan, to more than $230,000. The city of
Alexandria had some claims upon the liberality
of Congress, for she contributed her full quota of
taxes during the war, and that without repre-
sentation, contrary to the principle of our govern-
ment, and yet had received nothing, or but little,
inreturn. Alexandria had suffered greatly by the
cession, and had fallen from her former condition.
The time was when cne twentieth part of the
exports of the whole United States was cleared
from the port of Alexandria alone. The first
bank established 30uth of the Potomac wa3 there,
and it was within his recollection that the value
of that stock was doubled in a short time. In the
days of the Father of his Country, the collector-
ship of that port was one of the best gifts in the
hands of the General Government, and one of the
heroes of the Revolution had been rewarded with
it. • All this was matter of history, that Mr. M.
could prove.
Mr. M. also advocated the appropriation, on
the ground of the increased facility that would
thereby be afforded, whether in peace or war,
by the transmission of important dispatches and
expresses, and said that a delay of two days on
the river had not unfrequently occurred. This;
also applied to the march of armies, in case of war
or invasion. With regard to the permanency of
the work, every assurance was given, grounded
on the most conclusive testimony and reasoning,
that if the aqueduct should be constructed on the
plan proposed, it would be indestructible. This
was all that was asked for. The town of Alex-
andria did not ask Congress to complete the
canal—they had themselves paid every install-
ment called for, which was more than the other
cities had done.
It had been said that the plan was erroneous,
because it proposed the construction of a canal
on nearly a parallel line with the river; but if
similarplans were to be referred to,Young'sTour
and the scientific works of the most celebrated
engineers of Europe, would show that a river,
from the obstructions it presented, and the con-
tinual variations of the wind, had been abandoned.
A reference to the great canal of the Duke of
Bridgewater in Lancashire in England, would
testify this fact. Would any man believe it
possib'e for a boat to be managed through the
floods of the Potomac, on a surface of a mile in
width, in all seasons of the year ? It could not.
Vet this could be done on a canal. To reject this
bill would be hule short of laying an edict upon
Alexandria, and by whom ? By that body from
whom alone it could expect relief. After some
further remarks, and sundry details on the im-
portance of the proposed measure, Mr. M. con-
cluded by urging upon the House not to reject
the bill.
Mr. MANX, of New York, alluded to the fact
of this bill having been before the House at the
last session, advocated by the same gentleman,
and on the same principles as now. Mr. M.
replied at length to the arguments of Mr. Cm; .
The g'mtleman from Virginia had the happy
faculty of so illustrating every subject on which
he turned his attention, its to render it enchanting;
but he hoped the House would not be led away.
The gentleman had urged many beautiful argu-
ments, but Mr. M. must be excused for saying
that they wore of a character that ought not to
weigh in matters of the kind now under deliber-
ation. ¡Ie had heaid thegentleniiin,as he always
did, with peculiar pleasure, because he was always
clear, di'sini.:*., and lucid in his propositions,and
be was sorry that, on this occasion, he had not
chosen a sul)|Oot more worthy of his advocacy.
What jv.a.: tliou.iiiiie ol tins bill?-  It propound
that Congress should subscribe for one thousand
shares, at a hundred dollars per share, in the stock
of the Alexandria Canal Company. Now, Mr.
M. would not for a moment question the principle
that Congress had exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever; but he begged to inquire where
was the power, or upon what authority could
Congress appropriate money for charitable pur-
poses, for the measure proposed could be desig-
nated as nothing less than one of charity? If
Congress could do so in one case, it could in
another; and the whole revenue of the country
might fall 'under the principle. They had beaa
told by the honorable chairman of the committee
[Mr. Chinn] that the legislation of Congress had
been extremely injurious and detrimental to the
city of Alexandria; but surely it was to be pre-
sumed that what had been done, had been done
by the knowledge and consent of the inhabitants,
if notat their request, and why should this charge
be made upon Congress?
Mr. MERCER explained, as we understood,
that it was within.his own knowledge thata large
majority were opposed to the measure referred to.
Mr. MANN. The gentleman had stated that
if this work were completed, two hundred thou-
sand barrels of flour would pass through the city
of Georgetown to Alexandria by way of this
canal. But, Mr. M. would ask, what would this
amount to ? Why, the profit on its carriage would
not even pay the persons necessarily employed
in taking care of the canal.
He had seen too much of such works to put any
confidence in the reports of engineers. They had
turned out to bo totally fallacious—he could cite
a greater number of cases than the time would
allow of. He would ask what assurance we had
that the persons who may be employed would not
come here and ask you to pay them extra allow-
ances, in consequence of bad contracts ? The
claims for special allowance on contracts, on the
New York canals, amount to more than seven
millions of dollars. He could see no good and
substantial reasons why we should be called on
to legislate on this floor for the benefit of Alex-
andria. The expenses that had been paid by the
United States for criminal courts had been very
great.
Mr. M. said, since he had been here, we had
given for the District of Columbia something like
three millions of dollars. Then, with whatjustiue
could it be said that the District had suffered by
the illibcrality of Congress ? If this bill could be
passed in tins House, you might expect that a
bill would follow in a very short time for an ap-
propriation, not only to pay the interest on the
debt of the city of Washington, but you would
soon be asked to give another million for their
support. After some further remarks, Mr. M.
concluded by saying that every view he had been
able to take of the subject convinced him that this
bill ought not to pass.
Mr. 4CHÍLTON said he inclined to the opinion
that this bill ought not to pass. He had no scru-
ples as to the constitutional power of Congress
to make appropriations for improving the country
where they were necessary, but this he thought
would be a useless waste of the public money.
Here was one of the finest streams in the world,
running a.most straight from  Georgetown  to
Alexandria, possessing all the advantages for
navigation that could be desired, and we were
called on to construct a canal alongside of it!
Could any man acquit himself lo his constitu-
ents, or to his own conscience, if he should  vote
to make a canal parallel with this beautiful stream ?
Besides, there were works which had claims a
hundred times as strong on the Government, the
]' funds to complete which were insufficient; and if
:i they passed  the bill   now under consideration,
!i with what justice could they reject the others?
'! Nor did the present work present any probable
;. advantages which could authorize the appropri-
;' ation.
¡I     After some further observations, Mr. O. de-
u clared his determination to vote against the bill,
!' and he trusted it would be rejected.
!|      The question on the passage of the bill was
!i then taken by yeas and nays; and decided in the
!| negative; as follows:            .
i1     YK AS—Messrs. John a. Adams, Heman Al-
'■' ¡on, John J.  Allen,  Anthony, Archer, Banks,
i, Bates,   Baylies,   Beale,   Kinney,   Briggs,   Bull,
'! Cage, Chambers, Chain, Yv illiain Claik, Curwiu,
Coulter, Crane, Darlington, Denny, Evans, Ed-
ward Everett, Ewing, Galbraith, Garland, Ghol-
son, Gorhijm, Grennell, Hiland Hall, Hard,
Hiester, William Jackson, Ebenezer Jacksan,
William C. Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Hen-
ry Johnson, King, Kinnard, Lane) Laporte, Lin-
coln, Love, Lucas, Martindale, McKennan,Mc-
Kinley, Mercer, Milligan, Miner, Patton, Dutee
J. Pearce, Phillips, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Rencher, William B. Shcpard, Sloanc,Spangler,
Stewart, Francis Thomas, Philemon Thomas,
Trumbull, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Wayne,
Frederick Whittlesey, Wisa, and Young—72.
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, Chilton Allan,
William Allen, Bean, Beaumont, Blair, Bockee,
Boon, Bouldm, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum,
Cambreleng, Carr,Casey,Chancy, Chilton, Clai-
borne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clowney, Coffee,
Cramer, Amos Davis, Davenport, Day, Deberry,
Dickson, Dickerson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Felder,
Ferris, Forester, Foster, Fowler, Philo C. Ful-
ler, William K. Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Gillet,
Gilmer, Gordon, Graham, Grayson, Griffin,
Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer,
Hardin, Joseph M. Harper, James Harper, Har-
rison, Hathaway, Hazeltine, Heath, Henderson,
Howell, Huntington, Inge, Janes, Jarvis, Noa-
diah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Kavanagh, Kilgore, Lansing, Lay, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Loyall, Lyon,
Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K.Mann, Manning,
Marshall, Mardis, Moses Mason#May, McCar-
ty, Mclntire, McKay, McLene, McVean, Rob-
ert Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Mur-
phy, Parks, Parker,Patterson,Peyton,Franklin
Pierce, Pierson, Pmckney, Polk, Reynolds,
Robertson, Sehenck, Schley, Shinn, Smith, Stan-
defer, Steele, William P. Taylor, Thomson,
Turner, Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Houten,
Wagoner, Ward well, Webster, Whallon, White,
and Williams—123.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 9, 1835.
Mr. EWING presented a petition, praying a
grant of land to the college at Columbus, Ohio.
Mr. GRUNDY, by direction of the Post Office
Committee, moved that the committee have leave
to sit during the sessions of the Senate; which was
agreed to
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Samuel S. Lord and others, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Christopher C Bailey.
Mr. POIXDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill supplementary to
the. act authorizing the State of Louisiana to enter
the back lands.
Also, a bill for the relief of Wilkinson Goodwin
without amendment, but with an expression of
opinion by the committee against its passage.
Also, a bill for the relief- of Nathaniel Tyler,
without amendment.
Also, against the petition of the trustees of the
Willoughby University, of Lake Erie, for a do-
nation of land; and the committee were discharged
from the further consideration of the same.
Also, against the petition of the trustees of the
public school of the parish of Carroll, in Louisi-
ana, for a donation of land.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Wyatt Singleton and James An-
drews, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WAGGAMAN, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced a bill to give effect to
the?eighteenth article of the treaty with Spain;
which was read twice and referred.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TYLER gave notice, that on Monday
next he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
provide a system of laws for the District of Co-
lumbia.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Raclvcd, That the Committee on Finance be
