118                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________Januarys,
Mr BENTON did not doubt the disinteiest-
edness and integrity which had always governed
the honorable gentleman fiom Virginia He
(M- S ) had heard him make several speeches
during the time he had the pleasure of associating
with him on this floor, and in all of them the
gentleman commenced and ended in the same
strain, upon his own high-wiought integrity and
disinteiestedness. So with regaid to this mattei,
of which theie was no occasion to have made
any obseivation relative to his integuty. But an
oppoitumty would be afforded foi measuung
swoids befoie long. He took this occasion to
make a public apology to the honoiable member
fiom Kentucky just before him, [Mr Bibb,]
which he had made the other day privately. It
was foi addiessmg the Senate upon the French
spoliation bill, when that gentleman was entitled
to the fiooi He was impelled by a sense of
duty to speak when he did, although much
against his personal wishes and inclination.
Mr TYLER said, that he would only say to
the honorable gentleman, that if he often made
declaiations of honesty, they were such declaia
tions as he meant to woik out his redemption by
As to measuring swords in debate, (he under-
stood the honorable gentleman in that sense—
Mi. Benton nodded assent,) he knew that gen-
tleman was much his supenoi, but he would be
always íeady to meet him
Mr BEN TON hoped this conversation might
be finished by an admonition, though a homely
one, which he begged leave to offti to the honoi-
able gentleman—" not to halloo till he was out of
the -woods "
Mi TYLER rejoined That was piecisely
the advice he would give the honorable gentleman
from Missoun
The resolution was adopted, after being amend-
ed by Mr Benion, so as to íequire a statement
of the gross amount of profits made by the bank
fiom the time it commenced opuations, up to the
1st Januaiy, 1831.
TRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The Senate then lesumed the consideration of
the bill making compensation foi Fiench spolia-
tions pnoi to 1800
Mr. WEBSTER having the floor, spoke about
two houis in support of the bill, and in reply to
the arguments which had been advanced against
it     When he concluded,
Mi CAHIOUN spoke bi íeíly in opposition to
the bill, and was i< plied to by
Mi   CLAY, in suppoit of it
Mi WEBSTER also lephcd briefly to Mr
Caliiolv
Mi BIBB then lose, and expiessed a wish to
be hcaid upon the question, when,
On motion of Mi. CL VY, the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Januaiy 12, 1835
Petitions and memouals weie piesented by—
Mi   JARVIS, of Mame
Mcssis OSGOOD and GRENNELL, of Mas
sachusetts,
Messis. TRUMBULL and YOUNG, of Con-
necticut,
Mcssis JANES, SLADE,and HALL, of Ver-
mont,
Mcssis CA.MBRELENG, WHITE, WARD,
riLLMORC, HAZELTINE, WARDWELL,
DICKSON, TURRILL, and DAY, of New
Yoik,
[Mi Ward piesented the petition of J A
Smith and '1   E Beekman ]
Missis BANKS,MUHLENBERG,CLARK,
and DLNNY, of Pennsylvania,
Mrssrs TLRNER, SJTODDERT, and Mc-
KfM, of Maryland,
Mcssis CHINN, MASON, and PATTON,
of Viiguua,
Mi.W   B  SHEPARD, of North Caí olma,
Mcssis CLAYTON and GAMBLE, of Geor-
ge
Messrs. BEATY, LYON, HAMER, and
MARSHALL, of Kentucky
[Mi Lyon, of Kentucky, pie«ented the peti-
tions of Benjamin Fn Ids and Thomas  Ravens-
ciait, officeis of the Illinois depaitment, in the
Viiguua State hue, praying to be allowed half
pay foi  life, upon  the   same puneiple  which
allowed half pay to the officers of the Illinois
regiments, having performed similai services,
and claiming to be embraced in the provisions of
the Virginia resolution of 1799.
Mr Beaty presented the memorial of sundry
citizens of Pulaski county, Kentucky, praying
Congress for an appropriation to improve the
navigation of Cumberland river, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens of the
same county, praying Congress to establish a
port of entry at Portageville, on the Cumberland
uvei, at the mouth of Laurel river ]
Messis. FORESTER and POLK, of Tennes
see,
Messrs CRANE, VINTON, MITCHELL,
SLOANE, WHITTLESEY, CHANEY, AL-
LEN, and LYTLE, of Ohio,
Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Messrs. McCARTY and KINNARD, of In-
diana
[Mi. Kinuard presented the petition of Wil-
liam J Posey, claiming compensation for a horse
lost in militaiy service in the late war with Gieat
Britain, which was referred to the Committee of
Claims Also, the petition of Robeit Mornson,
praying the correction of an error in the entry of
certain lands ]
Mr CLAY, of Alabama;
Mi   ASHLEY, of Missouri;
Messrs  MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois
[Mr. Reynolds piesented the petition of
Messrs Anderson and Greathouse, stating that
they settled some lands in the county of Macou-
pin, Illinois, which aie situated in the prairie,
some miles from timber They pray a credit of
ten years to be given in the puiehast, in consid-
eration that they íaise a certain quality and quantity
of timber
Also, the petition of some citizens of the frontiei
of Illinois and Michigan, stating their losses of
property by the hostile Indians m 1832, and
praying remuneration foi the same
Mr R íemaiked that he was on thefiontier
in that year, and fame that much damage was
done the fiontier inhabitants by the hostile In-
dians, and hoped remuneration would be given
them ]
Mi   LYON, of Michigan,
Mi   SEVIER, of Arkansas,
Mi   BURGES, of Rhode Island
Which petitions and memouals weie appropri-
ately referí cd.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The following íesolution,heretofore offeiedby
Mr Asm by, wis, on his motion, and by consent
of the Hoiibe, taken up, and agreed to
Resolved, That the Secittiiyof theTreasuiy
be lequosttd to letum to tins House the repoit
íetmcd to him, at the last session, of the com-
mission! is appointed to examine and ad]ust pri-
vate land claims in Missouri, with such íemarks
as he may think propel to make thereon
COMPENSATION TO NAVAL OrFICERS.
The following resolution, heretofore offeied by
Mr Brown, was, on his motion, considered and
agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to famish this House with a statement
containing the yearly amount of compensation to
which the post captims, misters rommandant,
lieuten ints, mastus' suigeons, surgeons' mates,
puiseis, chaplains, teacheis, nudsSiipnien, boat-
swains, gunners, caipenters, sail-mikeis, and
clciks in the Navy of the United States aic sev-
eially entitled, and which they actually receive,
undci the existing laws, and the mies and íegu-
lations of the Navv Department, designating par-
ticulaily the sums allowed and paid for the pay
and íaüons of the scveial officers themselves, and
for ti e pay, íations, and clothing of then ser-
vants, togethei with the sums allowed for house-
lent, fuel, candles, stationeiy, furnituie, com-
missions upon disbuisements and upon bills of
exchange, and also, the additional compensation
(if any) made to officeis while in command of
squad ions oi single ships, upon a home oi for-
eign station, or while in command of navy-yards
oi acting as navy commissioner, and the differ-
ence of compensation and allowances for sei vices
íendcied at sea fiom those which aierendeied on
shore, and also, the several sums usually allowed
and paid for travel, and for services and attend-
ance upon courts maitial, suiveys, and duties of
inspection, and for all or any other duties and
services not enumeiated or particularly mentioned
in this resolution, so far as the same can -be as-
certained by the Navy Department.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of William Maibeny, which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. C , fiom the same committee, reported a
bill for the íelief of the heirs of Louis Patterson;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. C , from the same committee, made an
unfavorable íeport on the petition of Greenwood
Lefloie, which was oidered to he on the table.
Mr. C , from the same committee, reported a
bill for the íehef of Zebulon Baxtci, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the íehef of John Tice;
which was lead
Mi. A buefly explained the object of the bill,
and moved that it be read a second time and
oidered to be engrossed, which was agreed to
Mr CHAMBERS, fiom the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the hens of Jean Challes Boudiean; which wal
read twice and committed.
Mi. BINNEY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, íeported a bill making appropriations
for the Militaiy Academy of the United States
for the year 1835, which was read twice and
committed
Mi. CHILTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill foi the relief of Noah
Miller, which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Stephen Critten-
den, which was read twice and committed.
Mcssis MARSHALL, CHILTON, FUL-
TON, McINTIRE, JANES, SCHENCK, and
TOMPKINS, each made unfavorable reports
fiom standing committees, upon various peti-
tions, &c , which weie ordeied to he upon the
table.
Mi THOMAS, of Louisiana, moved to sus-
pend the uile of the House, in oider that the
States and Temtones might be called for resolu-
tions, which was agieed to—yeas 116, nays 16.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr MANN.cTf New Yoik, offered the follow-
ing íesolution, which lies ovei one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to this House an abstract
of the items of all accounts and claims for the
compensation and allowances of eveiy kind for
the two last fiscal years, distinguishing each
year ending 30th Stptember, 1834, of the gener-
als, colonels, majors, and captains of the Army,
and also, of all the officers attached to the engi-
neei and topographical coips, which have been
actually paid ind allowed, with a geneial state-
ment showing also theaggiegate pay and emolu-
ments, mc'uding all stated and special allowances
paid and allowed to each commission officer of
the Aimy, name and rank of eveiygiade for
each yeai aforesaid, and the aggregate of the
whole
On motion of Mr ANTHONY, it was
Revolted, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions be instiucted to mquiie into the
expediency of gianting a pension to Robert
Mai tin, an ofieei of the Revolution.
On motion of Mi McKENNAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims be instructed to mqune into the expediency
ofgi anting to die hen s of Colonel George Morgan,
an officei of the revolutionaiy army, thefive years'
full pay, in lieu of half pay foi life to which he "
was entitled, and that they have leave to report
by bill oi otheiwise
On motion of Mi   DUNLAP, it was
Resolved,   That  the   Committee   on  Military
Affurs inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing an arsenal at or near the town of Memphis,
on the Mississippi liver
On motion of Mi   McCARTY, it was
Resolved, Xhat the Committee on Public Lands
be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
