120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
BELIEF OP ALEXANDRIA, D. C.              ]
The motion to reconsider the vote rejecting the
bill for the relief of the city of Alexandria, was,
on the suggestion of Mr. Mercer, further post-
poned to this day two weeks.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. POLK moved that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, in order, to take up the appropriation
bills.                        *                                ,   .
Mr. WATMOUGII said he was as desirous as
any gentleman that the appropriation bills should
be taken up and considered; but he hoped the
bill to regulate the pay "of the Navy would be
allowed to progress, since it would occupy very
little time.
The motion to postpone all the orders of the
day was then agreed to—ayes 63, noes 57.
A question of order was then raised by Mr.
WISE, as to whether two thirds or a bare ma-
jority were requisite; and, after some conversa-
tion between Messrs. WISE, BRIGGS, and
WATMOUGH,
The CHAIR decided the motion to be carried.
The House then, on motion of Mr. POLK,
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hubbard in the
chair,) and took up the bill (No. 566) making ap-
propriations for the payment of the revolutionary
and other pensioners of the United States for the
year 1835.
Mr, POLK made a brief explanation, and the
bill was considered, agreed to, and ordered to be
reported to the House without amendment.
The committee then took up the bill (No 599)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year 1835, and after some unimportant amend-
ments, it was laid aside, and the committee took
up the bill making appropriations for the Indian
department for the year 1835.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the bill by
adding, "For the pay of a clerk for the office of
supermtendentof the department of Indian affairs
at St. Louis, ft],000."
Mr. POLK said he concurred in the propriety
of the proposed item. A clerk was certainly ne-
cessary, and the reason of the omission in this
bill by the Committee of Ways and Means, was
because the subject had been inferred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.. He was willing that
the amendment should be adopted, if the"com-
mittee thought this bill the proper place for it.
Mr. GRENNELL suggested that this would
be a departure from the usual practice, wince it
seemed to be the settled policy of the House that
the Committee of Ways and Means should re-
port appropriations only for existing laws and
existing offices; and the effect of adopting the
proposed amendment would be tantamount to
creating a new office.
After a few remarks from Mr. ASHLEY, in
explanation, the question on his amendment was
taken, and lost—ayes 35, noes 89.
The bill was then ordered to be reported to the
House, without amendment.
The committee then took up the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army fur
the year 1835.
Mr. MANN, of New York, begged to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether any appropriations in
this bill were greater than heretofore ?
Mr. POLK. I can answerthegentleman; there
were none of a greater amount than in former
years, but, on the contrary, considerable redac-
tions.
Mr. MANN would be glad to know what they
were.
Mr. POLK referred particularly to the contin-
gent expenses, which were last year §344,000,
and this year $328,000. The aggregate decrease
in the expenses of the Army .by the present bill
would be $500,075. Mr. P. proceeded to refer
to,various other items which had been curtailed.
He then moved to amend the bill by adding, after
the eighth line, " for arrearages of the pay depart-
ment of the Army, $608,055," and produced
various documents from the War Department,
and from General Macomb, which were read by
the Clerk, going to sanction the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. MANN thought this claim, which was for
extra services rendered by General Macomb, had
better be left to the ordinary and usual legislation
of the House — the Comnfittee of Claims — by
which it would undergo careful and rigid exam-
ination.
Mr. POLK remarked that the gentleman's re-
marks did not apply to the present bill, but to
one reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, and passed at a former session.
Mr. MANN made some further remarks, which
were not distinctly heard; reiterating the dangers
which he apprehended from this constant increase
of salaries and perquisites of office.
Mr. WILLIAMS opposed the amendment—
not that he was in possession of any facts whether
the claim were just or not, but because (as we
understood him to say) it was presented m an
irregular manner Before the award should be
made by the House, it should be investigated by
one of Us standing committees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said the claim
of General Macomb had been investigated by
the Military Committee, who were convinced of
its justice. He hoped it would not be rejected
because it had not undergone all the requisite
formalities, since it had been found correct and
equitable both by the WarDepartmentand a com-
mittee of that House.
The question on the amendment was then put,
and rejected.
Mr. POLK then offered one or two other verbal
amendments; which were adopted. The bill was
then, with the amendments, ordered to be reported
to the House.
On motion of Mr. MANN, the committee then
rose, and the chairman [Mr. Hubbard] reported
the bills to the House.
The bill making appropriations for the Navy
Department, for the year 1835, was then, on
motion of Mr POLK, taken up in the House,
the amendments of the committee agreed to, and
the thiee bills ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading to-morrow.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 13, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. HENDRICKS and TYLER.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial from
the General Assembly of Indiana, piaying an
appropriation by Congríss for the establishment
of ix lin'* of hospitals on tho Ohio ri\er; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
RDPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported unfavorably upon the petition
of the Sac and Fox Indians, complaining of the
manner in which their annuities were paid.
Mr. ¿V. said that the committee thought the
laws in existence provided a sufficient remedy
for any inconvenience which existed, with regard '
to the payment of Indian annuuies, and on his
motion the committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; and the peti-
tion was referred to the Secretary of War.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
ported unfavorably upon the petition of Charle%
Loosan, and were discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred tho bill for the relief of Col-
onel Gad Humphreys, reported the same, and
gave information that when the bill came up, he
would move for its indefinite postponement.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, to which was re-
ferred the bill for the relief of Colonel John Thorn,
John Henderson, and others, reported; which
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill for the relief of Charles J. Catlett;
which was read the first time and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Robert Joyce, deceased;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading
Mr. POINDEXTER, from'tho Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of James L. Stokes and others, reported
unfavorably upon the same.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
The following resolutions were submitted;
By Mr. WAGGAMAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the establishment of a marine
hospital ni the city of New Orleans
By Mr. HILL:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to communicate to the Senate so much
of the correspondence of his Department, with
Loannni Baldwin, as relates to his compensation
as superintendent of dry-docks and inspector of
navy-yards, together with copies of all accounts
rendered by him connected with his services in
the inspection of navy-yards.
NOTICE  OF A BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of William O'Neill
BILL POSTPONED.
The bill for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crew of the private armed brig Neptune and
Fox, was taken up for consideration; and,
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, it was postponed
till to-morrow.
BILLS ORDERED TO   A THIRD READING.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Samuel Bragdon and
David Chase;
A bill for the relief of Charles Gordon;
A bill for the relief of Humphrey B. Gwath-
may;
A bill for the relief of Peter H. Green and
William Emerson; and
A bill to increase the pay of the marshal of the
district of Delaware.                                   
ROAD PROM LYME CREEK.
The bill making an appropriation of $20,000 to
'.ompletc the road from Lyme creek, in Alabama,
to Cliatahoochce, opposite Columbus, came up
for consideration.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, briefly explained the
necessity which existed for this appropriation—
that the road led directly from the seat of gov-
ernment to New Orleans, and was indispensable
for the transportation of the great southern mail.
Mr. POINDEXTER made a few remarks in
favor of the bill; when
" Mr. KING, of Georgia, express-id a disposi-
tion to vote against the bill in its present shape,
on the ground that the two per cent, fund, re-
served for such purposes, was laying idle in ihe
Treasury—this amounted to about gl 15,000, But
he declined entering into an examination of the
matter now, and moved to lay the bill on the
table, to enable him to prepare an amendment,
requiring the appropriation to be taken out of the
fund alluded to.
Mr. KlNG,.of Alabama, made some explana-
tion of tho nature of the two per cent, fund spoken
of; but did not oppose the motion to lay the bill
on the table; and it was then agreed to
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making compensation for French spoliations
prior to 1800.
Mr. BIBB commenced by observing that he
fully agreed with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Webster,] that this question was
truly a judicial question; one to be determined
by the law of nations. He believed the justice
of those claims turned wholly on the guaran-
tee. That if France had large claims against '
us, justly due to her in consequence of, and
growing out of the guarantee; and if these claims
of France had been exchanged for the claims
of our citizens—-if this was the true state of the
case he would acknowledge the justice of the
bill before the Senate. But he did not believe it
could be maintained — he did not believe the
rights of our citizens had been bartered away
by the Government — he did not believe that
France had any mstclaims against us, arising from
