THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES,
23d Cosorkss, í!o Ses;iok.
MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1835.
Vol. 2.....No. 8.
the guarantee,    Mr. B. wai well aware that the |
interests of nidiv.duth ought to be supported by I
their Governments to a cenain degree, but he did :
not think that Governments were bound to push '
such interest to the (Xtremity of war—he did not '
admit that the rights of the whole were to be i
jeoparded by the ciairns of individuals—the safety
of tneconitii'iiiuy was paramount to the claims of ;
private citizens     lie would proceed to see if the
interests of our cit.zens hmi been neglected by this
Government. These claims haie bet-n urged,said  |
Mr. B., from yeai  to year, wnh ail the earnest-  !
ness and z-al due from Uie nation. Cut they went  i
on from bad to worst, till negotiations were in vain.   |
We then assuir.ei! a hostile positio.i.    During the   i
year '98 rnoie than twenty laws  were passed by   I
Congress upon this very Mil jec.t—some for raising   j
troops—some f<r providing aims and munitions ¡|
of wai—^o.iie for fitting out a naval force, and so |!
on.    Whs this negoiLiting the claims of our cu-  !
izens?    We went as  far as the interests of the .1
nailon would permit.  Wepiosecuted these claims i!
to the very verge of plunging info that dreadful ,
war then  desolating Europe.    The Government
then issued its proclamation of neutrality and non- j
intercom se.
Mr. li- next proceeded to show that Prance had \
no just claims upon us, arising from the guarantee, i
This guarantee, said Mr. B , was not considered
bmuing, even by France Pierseif, any further than
was   consistent   with   our   relations   with   other
nations; that it was so declared by her Minister; ;
and, moreover, that she acknowledged the justice
oi'our neutiality. Theje treaties had been violated
by Fran-e, and the United Stales could not surely '
be bound by ireaiies which she had herself viola-
ted; and, consequently, we were under no obliga-
tion on account of the guarantee.
Mr. B. went on to show thai, by the terms of
the treaty of  1&00. the debts due to our citizens
had not been relinquished; that as the guarantee
did not exist, arid as the claims had not been
abandoned, Mr. B. concluded that  these claims
ou ht not to be paid  by this Government.    He '
was opposed to going back thirty-four years to !
sit in judgment on the constituted authorities of j
that   time.    There should   be a stability in  the .
Government, and he was not disposed to question j
the judgment of the man (Washington) who has
jusity been called the firft in war and trie first in
peace.    We are sitting here to rejtidge the decis-
ions of the Government thirty-four years since.
When Mr  BIBB concluded—
Mr. SÜEPLEY moved an amendment to the
bill providing mat the five millions appropriated
«hall be in full satisfaction of all the claims for
French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. WEBSTER said he saw no objection to
the amendment. The five millions in the bill was
not an arbitrary sum, but he thought it bore the
same proportion that the appropriation did for
satisfaction of the Florida claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. PRENTISS said that as he was a mem-
ber of the committee which reported this bill,
it might be expected that he would give an ex-
pression of his views upon the subject of it. He
foibore to enter into the inquiry wheiher war
existed between the united States and France,
or not, because all this was superseded by the
treaty of 1800. We weie bound to look to ihe
basis' on which that treaty was finally concluded.
He thought the whole matter neither complex
nor difficult. The justice of the claims upon
France never had been denied by that Govern-
meni; and it was fully proved, if a doubt existed
on the subject, by the tone and language of
the public journals of the (lay. Having admit-
ted them, France set up counter claims on her
part, and her claims relative to the islands, gave
rise to great uneasiness and trouble to theGovem-
ment of the United States. France continued to
press her claims, until, by the treaty of 1800, it
was conceded the claims oí both nations were sub-
sistin".    And the final coneuromationof the whole
8
was that the release of the claims on the one side
was a release of those on the other. This was
Mr. Madison's opinion,and he was fully compe-
tent to form a correct judgment on the subject.
No one, he thought, who would examine the doc-
uments on the subject, could deny the justice of
the claims, and if they were released, it followed
that the Government of the United States had
appropriated private property to public use, and
of course were bound to make compensation there-
for. Mr. P. disclaimed any interest or partiality
for the claims, as he did not believe that a single
citizen of his Stats had one cent to receive from
ihem should they be allowed. He believed they
were founded in justice, and, therefore, he would
vote for the bill.
Mr. WEBSTER said he did not wish to pro-
tract the debate. Some gentlemen who desired to
vote upon the question were absent from indis-
position, and, therefore, he would move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill to Mon-
day next, with the expectation ihat a vote upon
the question might be taken at that time.
The motion was agreed to.
FRENCH  RELATIONS.
Mr. CLAY rose and said, that he had yielded
, to the solicitations of his friends, by moving to
I postpone the consideration of the report and res-
i olution of the Committee on Finance upon our
¡ relations with France, which was made the special
i order for this day, till to-morrow.    His sense of
! the necessity of a prompt disposition of this sub-
ject was so strong, that he gave notice that  he
! would then insist upon its being taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr.  WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
afier which
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 13, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were, by consent, pre-
sented by—
Messrs. LYTLE and CRANE, of Ohio;
Mr. HEATH, of Maryland; and
Mr -CHINN, of Virginia;
Which petitions and memorials were referred.
,     Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
¡ Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
'! hfciis  of   John   Brahan, late  receiver  of   public
I moneys at Huntsville, Alabama; which was read
i twice and commuted.
! Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee of Ways
'' and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
! for certain roads, and examinations for surveys
i for the year 1835; which was read twice and corn-
il mitted.
!i Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee of Ways
;i and Means, reported the following resolution;
!! which was agreed to:
1 Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing six acres of ground adjoining fort
McHenry, in the State of Maryland, for tne use
of the United States.
Mr. BOON, by consent, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was agreed to:
*R*solved, That the CommitteeoñthePostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
e-pediency of establishing a post route irom Proc-
torsville to Mount Prospect, in Crawford county,
Indiana.
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to authorize a writ of error
¡n certain cases relating to patent rights, to the
Supreme Court of the United States; which was
read twice and postponed for two weeks.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, from th«
Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a biH
authorizing the payment of an outfit, and to pro-
vide for certain expenditures of Nathaniel Niles;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to purchase certain
land near Baltimore; which was read twice and
committed.
Unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c, were
made by Messrs. WILLIAMS, GILMER, and
SLADE; which were laid on the table.
Mr. McCARTY moved to reconsider the vote
of yesterday, rejecting the following resolution
suhmiited by Mr. Lane:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of appropriating a portion of the refuse public
¡ lands, to aid the State of Indiana in constructing a
1 canal from the National Road in said State,down
the Valley of White Water to Laurenceburg, on
the Ohio river.
Mr. McCARTY remarked, that when this reso-
lution was offered yesterday, he was under the
impression, as he suggested at the time, that the
subject-matter embraced in it had been previously-
referred to a standing committee. Upon exami-
nation, he discovered that he was mistaken; and
he had therefore moved a reconsideration of the
vote-, and hoped the resolution would be adopted.
Mr. LANE said, he regretted he could not, in
justice to himself, accept the kind aid of his good
feeling colleague, [Mr. McCarty,] in the motion
he had made to reconsider the vote of yesterday,
I rejecting the resolution he had the honor of pre-
' sentmg to the House for adoption. That it was
his intention to present it anew to the House,
locating its commencement.
That he had made no effort to carry the resolu-
tion on yesterday, after the statement of his col-
league, [Mr. McCarty,] " (hat the subject embraced
« in Ihe resolution had been heretofore referred to a
'standing committee." He supposed the state-
ment true, for he had not supposed it possible for
his colleague, or any other gentleman on this
floor, to hazard any statement of which he was
not fully apprized. But on examination, said Mr.
L., he had become satisfied that no such resolu-
tion, as supposed, had been referred.
The resolution under consideration, called for
an inquiry into the propriety of appropriating a
portion of the refuse public lands to aid the State
in constructing a canal from the national road
down the valley of White Water, the Ohio, at
Laurenceburg. The resolution of his colleague
[Mr. McCabty] was an inquiry into the proprie-
ty of " a grant of each alternate section of the wnap-
> propriatei lands on each side of a road leading from
' Laurenceíurg to Fort Wayne, in Indiana."
Mr. L. said, that upon the route of the road in
this resolution for the first seventy miles, so far as
his information extended, there would not be on
either side of said road, one acre of public land to
set apart for the road.
That the resolution he had the honor of present-
ing, and which had been rejected upon the ob-
jection and statement of his colleague, was to aid
the State in constructing a canal connecting the
national road with the Ohio, passing through the
valley of White Water, the richest, and oldest,
and most populous portion of Indiana.
The question, said Mr. L., is with the House
for their decision; but that he would prefer pre-
senting the resolution anew to their reconsidera-
tion.
I    The motion to reconider the vote rejecting the
! resolution, was then negatived.
'>     Mr GAMBLE asked the consent of the House
¡ to take up a resolution, heretofore offered by him,
calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury for a
plan.lf practicable, for the safe-keeping and dis-
bursement of the public moneys,  without the
agency of a bank or banks.
"Objection being made, Mr. GAMBLE moved
