124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
ing the northern boundary line of the United
States and the Seminole Indians, under the pro-
visions of the treaty made at Camp Moultrie on the
18th September, 1830, so as to include his plan-
tation and expelling him from possession thereof.
That he ascertain said facts and circumstances by
the testimony of disinterested witnesses, and re-
port the same to the Senate, with his opinion
whether said Humphreys has sustained any loss
for which he ought to be compensated, and to
what amount.
The following resolutions were considered;
which lie one day
By Mr. WAGGAMAÑ:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing for the President's House certain oil
paintings now c-n sale in this city; and also into
character and value of said paintings
By Mr. BLACK:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing
on the pension list the names of Daniel Mclnnis
■ and Francis Patterson, of the State of Missis-
sippi.
By Mr. HILL:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to communicate to the Senate any
information in his department m relation to the
claims of the owners of the brig Despatch and
cargo for restitution of the amounts paid by them
for discriminating duties on the said bug and
cargo, that may go to establish or invalidate said
claim
By Mr. HILL:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to report on the claim of the owners,
officers, and crews, of the private armed vessels
Neptune and Fox, whether they were by losses
entitled to the bounty of 25 dollars each upon 69
prisoners captured by said private armed vessels;
and if so entitled, why said claim has not been ad-
mitted and allowed by said Department; also, any
other information that may exist in the Department
tending to elucidate the validity or invalidity of
said claim.
By Mr. KANE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate do
cause to be made out, and laid before the Senate,
a statement, showing the amount of money paid in
each yeai by older of the Senate, for printing, and
the purchase of books for the use ot the Senate,
from the 1st session of the 18 h Congress to this
time, designating in all cises where the amount
paid shall exceed $.500, the object for which, and
the peisons to whom, the money was paid. Also,
a statement, showing the amount of punting or-
deied by the Senate, which has not been com-
pleted, and an estimate of the sum or sums of
money wntch will be due when such printing shall
be completed.
The bill for the relief of the legal lepresentatives
of Moses Slieppeid, deceased, was taken up for
consideration, when
Mi El ILL "moke bnefly in opposition to the bill,
and Mi   IÍCNDRICK3 supported it.
When the horn aimed foi taking up the special
oiuer, Mi. CLAY moved to lay the bill on tne
taole, which was agieed to.
FRENCH RELATIONS.
The Senate then pioeeeded to the considera-
tion of tue i'eiort of the Committee on Foieio-n
Reía icns. aiul the lesolution apnended, porcela-
in  our ilelatnna with Fiance, hi the followii g
words:
Rtsolved, Thi f it i  ¡oex jed-ent, at tí 's time, to
pass any ¡aw vesting ir> 'he Picsident authority
foi ma'íip¿ renreals upon Fiench propetty,in the
tint rii,cncy of prcisi m rot 1 eing macs tor pay-
ing io the United fra'es the indemnity slip ila^ed
by the tu i j if 1&J1, du.mg tne present s^ssioi
of the F UK i Ciau.b .a
M . CLA V .ose and said that i' was not h>3
purpose, at '«e  present  stage of  the  ce ¡sider- |
atiun of tne ro oint'ori, "<r , -ndeeJ, did he oeem t I
nc~;soary at any othe.   & ige of i , to cnuir .«to \
a protracted discussion of the subject; nor did
he deem it necessary to say much to enforce the
arguments embraced in the iepoit"m favor of the
adoption of the resolution. In the present pos-
ture of our relations with France, it seemed to
the Committee that the course pioposed was the
proper one—that it was most expedient to await
the action of France at the present session of the
Chambers; and, therefore, he thought it was not
proper or necessary to go at large into adiscussion
of the questions embraced in the report. In all
questions connected with our foreign relations, it
was always necessary to present to the world the
existence of undivided councils. Before the hap-
pening of a rupture, examination and discussion
may be required; but after a rupture shall take
place, whatever of unanimity and of influence we
have, should be exerted to give to our arms the
utmost vigor which the resources of the country
are capable of. He was very cei tain that no such
measures were at present necessary with France.
That our claims were founded in justice, that we
ought to pursue them by all just and honorable
means, and that we must ultimately obtain satis-
faction for them, were sentiments in which the
committee entirely coincided in opinion with the
President, and he had no doubt that it was also
the sentiment of the people of this country. The
committee also entirely concurred with the Pres-
ident in his views relative to the treaty with
France. But if the President had stopped after
the expression of the statement of the case, and
had abstained from the recommendation of the
measures which he deemed necessary to be taken
in the contingency indicated by him, there could
have been no difference of opinion between him
and the committee. But when he said that the
Executive of France was honest and sincere in his
anxiety to obtain the appropriation, and when he
disclosed his purpose of abiding by the action of
the French Chamber, it seemed to the committee
an inconsistency that there should be at the same
time the recommendation of a measure, the exe-
cution of which could only be rendered necessary
by a doubt of the ulterior purposes of France.
Confidence and distrust were unnatural allies
Confidence should at all times be free, full, frank,
and ingenuous, but to say that he confided in the
sincerity of the King, and that he would suspend
any recommendation of a hostile measure, and
1 then suggesta measure of repnsal,appeared to the
committee, with all respect to his patriotic purposes
as the Executiveof the United States Government,
to be a couise calculated to produce mostmischiev-
ous results It seemed necessary to the commit-
tee, therefore, that there should be some expression
I of opinion on the part of Congress after such an
expression on the part of the President, which
i should be likely to meet any possible contingency
i likely to arise 1st. It waspossiblethatthe French
[ Chamber might make the appropuation before
I the receipt of the Piesident's message. 2d. The
appropriation might be made after its íeceipt and
notwithstanding the tone and language of the mes-
sage 3d The Chambers might, after the receipt
of the message, refuse to make the appropuation
until after that part of the message winch might
be exceptionable to them should be withdrawn or
explained, or they might, 4thly, altogether and
absolutely lefuse to pass the appropr'ation and
again rejeit the brll. Now, in any one of these
four contingencies, an expres-ion of Con re s was
indispensably necessary to the paasrge of the bill
and the payment of the money. But suppose the
| Chambers should pass the bill befoie the receipt
i of the message, and the money should be olaced
in the French Treasury, >n pursuance oi it, to
meet the stipulations contained in the treaty, it i
would throw on the King a nigh lesponsibmtv if
he should be requ ud to pay the money till the
lecommendation m 'he messige was explained '
l In the second eornngency, by the passage of the
resolution, we should take a course thatv ould be
I highly giatifyuio to me feelings and tne or.de of
T ance,wh'"h we ought to piomote by all hone I
ible n.frni. If they then should pp s the bill
they would se  that there was confidence tepced
1 on the pait of Congiess, ¡lift there wouiJ be a
comol jr>ce with the assuianees of the French
Government It  os ihd'spensably neeessaiy that I
such a ípe-isure bno.'ld he ndopted in reference to
theotnsrtv oco¡ urgencies he nad supposed   But
if the Chambers should reject the bill on this
ground, they would place themselves in the wrong,
because they had acted on the recommendation of
one depaitment of the Government before it was
ascertained that the other departments concurred,
and they would then hasten to repair the wrong.
If they should speedily pass the bill, and after-
wards should discover that Congress did not con-
cur with the President, they would find that the
recommendation of the President, although he
maintained a strong hold upon the affections of
the people, was an inchoate recommendation and
not perfect. Under all circumstances and in every
contingency, therefore, the resolution seemed
adapted to the occurrence of any one of them, and
seemed eminently calculated to secuie the objects
of the treaty. As he had premised that a pio-
tracted discussion was not necessary, he would
resume his seat, expressing, however, a disposi-
tion to modify the resolution in any form which
was consistent with the object he had in view, and
he hoped that it would receive the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, as such a vote would have a
most happy eflect; but he would consent to no
modification which did not say that Congiess d d
not deem it expedient to legislate on the subject at
this time.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, rose and submitted the
following amendment as a substitute for the res-
olution reported by the committee:
" Resolved, That as the French Chambers have
'been convened earlier than was expected by the
' President of the United States at the opening of
1 the present session of Congress, it is inexpedient
'to pass any law relating to the treaty of 1831,
' until further information shall be received fiom
1 France."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. KING said he agreed perfectly with the
honorable chairman of the committee, that lengthy
discussion was not called for, or perhaps justified.
He also diffeied so little with the honorable chair-
man on the subject of the report and resolution,
that he should say but very little in favor of the
trifling changes which he proposed to make in
the form of the resolution offered for the sanction
of the Senate. He had agieed in committee, and
still agreed, to the repoit, with a few trifling
exceptions in its details, and he had, and still
agreed to the general conclusion to which the
committee came, that it was inexpedient at this
time to legislate on the subject of the treaty of
1831. The tone and tenor ot the report, with the
exception referred to, met his decided approba-
tion, though he had reserved to himself the light
which he now exercised of offering amendments
to the form of the resolution, and expressing his
dissent to a few of the details of the report itself.
Sir, said Mr. K , what is the tone and chaiac-
ter of this report? He did not believe tnat it was
intended by the chairman who drafted it as a party
paper. It was not proposed to the commutes, or
by the committee adopted, as a party paper It
was not presented to the Senate as a iepo"t of
that character, and he did not believe it would be
received by the people of the United States as a
party paper, unless the public press and party
politicians of the country should wropgfully suc-
ceed m stamping upon it that character. As just
observed by the honorable chairman, it sustained
the most important positions of the Piesident
throughout. The President was treated with the
most entue respect. The motives of the President
were treated with full respect, and even his lec-
ommendation was treated with respect, so much
so, that the intimation >s clear in the report that
the diffeience between the Piesident and the com-
mittee probably arose from the diffe.ence of time
and of circumstances under which they del'b«ia'ed.
From the remarks he had made on the subject of
the character of the report, tne ol ject of the fiist
part of the amendment was sufficiently obi. ions.
it was to connect more closely the report ard the
lesolution. and suste'n the appearance of haimony
between the tn'O branches of the Government, by
isferring 'o the pi o jao'e reason of ti e diffeierce
he'ween thp recommendation of the President and
the action of Congress There we>e, to be suie,
several reasons that might be gathered from the
'lenort, but this was most prominent, and he
selecte 1 it because it was the one more especially
