128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the Secretaiy of War on this subject, which,
having been read by the clerk,
Mr POLK said it would be seen by the docu-
ment just read, that the Secretary did not himself
decide on the most proper time for the reconstruc-
tion of Port Independence. It was evident the
work would be tantamount to rebuilding the foit,
and the whole question with the House would be
to decide whether they would now commence the
reconstruction of these works, without being called
upon in the usual manner to do so.
Mr. GORHAM spoke in favor of the amend-
ment. He contended that the appropriation was
called for by the highest considerations of public
interest. The fort was a very old one, and had
not undergone any essential repairs for the last
forty years The proper officers of Government
had also reported the necessity of the work. He
asked why it was not done' The lefusal on the
part of Congiess to make the appropriation would
look like a determination to abandon the woik
altogether. He knew of no time more suitable
than the present for its accomplishment, and he
would repeat the question, why should it longer
be delayed' If the question was asked why it
had been so long delayed, he would answer, be-
cause other appropriations, of large amount, took
piecedence That excuse could not now avail
Mr. G. said theie were seven millions worth of
property now exposed in Boston harbor without
a gun to protect it.
Mr. DUNLAP said he thought, with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [MrjGroiuiAM,] who
had just taken his seat, that it w^ high time ioi
the House to determine whether they would pro-
ceed to make appropnations for all the appropri-
ations recommended by ti e Board of Engmeeis
This appropriation of §75,000, it appeared, was
asked with aviewof, in effect, commencing a new
fortín the place of the old one—one which was
now dilapidated. He could not consent to make
appropriations for new works, until the old ones
were completed and equipped It seemed to be
the design to carry into effect splendid scher-ies of
the Board of Engineers Duimg the war, that
board was too small for the pui poses of the coun-
try, and the exigencies of the times But what,
he would ask, was then occupation now, in thcr
enlarged condition, in time of peace? It was to
traverse this vast Union, and point out the means
of expending the hundiedsof millions which weie
drawn by taxation fiom the people lie asked if
the country was now in a situation to proceed
with these gigantic woiks' It was but a few
years since a compiomise had been effected on the
tariff question Should these works be allowed to
rogress, before their completion, it would proba-
ly be found necesbary to levy a new tanlt, not-
withstanding the odium attached to the other
among a large portion of our fellow-citizens. Be-
fore we embarked in such vast works, it would be
most prudent to know that we had the money in
the Treasury to answer the expenditure It was
enough, he thought, for the piesent purposes of
the Government, to finish and equip the fortifica
tions which they had already commenced—some
of them as eaily as the close of the last wai To
be effective, these must all be armed and manned.
He was opposed to the amendment.
Mr. EVERETT made a few observations in
explanation and reply
Mr. DICKERSON opposed the amendment on
the ground that it was inexpedient to commence
new fortifications until those aheady begun weie
finished and armed When that was done, he
would be willing to vote appropriations foi new
works, but not till then
On the question being taken on the amendment,
there appeared—ayes 45, noes 61
There being no quorum voting, after some de-
lay, the SPEAKER resumed his seat, and the
Chairman [Mr. Hubbard] announced that fact to
the House
Mr. POLK moved a call of the House, which
being agreed to, the call was proceeded in until
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved that the
further proceedings m the call be suspended
The motion was agreed to
The question was then taken on the amendment
offeied by Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts,
and decided m the negative—ayes 59, noes 77.
i
Mr. McKIM offered an amendment " for the
'repair of Fort McHemy, in Baltimore, and for
' keeping the same in order, $50,000 "
Mr McKIM called for the leading of a report
of the Secretary of War on this subject, which,
being done, he said he had no disposition to take
up the time of the House in advocating the amend-
ment. He would barely state that there were
now one hundred millions worth of property
exposed in Baltimore, while Fort McHeni y could
not boast the possession of one gun. It had three
mortars, and was every way in a woise condition
than during the last war. He thoughtacity which
had defended itself so nobly on that occasion,
should not be left entirely destitute of the means
of defence
Mi. POLK gave the reasons for not embracing
this cr a similar appropriation in the bill The
subject was already in the hands of the Military
Committee, and to them, he thought, it properly
belonged.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and lost without a division.
Mr THOMSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Militai y Affairs, said he was instructed by
that committee to offer, as an amendment, "for
'the repair of Fort Manon, (formerly Foit St
' Marks,) at St. Augustine, in Florida, $44 181 "
The amendment was suppoited by Messis
THOMSON, and WHITE of Flonda, opposed
by Mi. POLK, and negatived—yeas 61, nays £>2
Mi PARKER moved to stnke from the bill the
following clause
" For a fort on Throg's Neck, East river, New
' Yoik,m addition to the balance of former appio-
'pnations, $30,000 "
Mi PAIUvER advocated this amendment, and
it was opposed by Mesbrs FLRRlb,POLK, and
CAMBRELENU. It was disagreed to without
a count.
Aftei some conversation between Mr SEVIER
and Mr. POLK, in íelation to a former item of
appiopriation for repairs of Foit Gibson, in Ar-
kansas Territory,
Mi. SEVIER moved to amend the bill, by ap-
propriating $,20,000 for the erection of a fort on the
frontiers of Aikansas Territory, and the removal
of the United States tioops fiom Foit Gibson to
the same, which was negatived
The bill was then ordered to be reported to the
House
MILITARY BARRACKS AT NEW ORLEANS.
Ihe committee, on motion of Mr POLlv, pro-
ceeded to considei the bill fiom the Senate, making
an appropiiation for the completion of the nnlitaiy
banacks in New Oileans
Mi POLiC buefly explained the nature of the
appiopriation, when the committee lose and re-
poned the two bills to the House without amend-
ment
The bill from the Senate making appropriations
foi the completion of the militaiy banacks at
New Oileans, was then read a third tune, and
passed,
When the House adjourned
IN SENATE
Thursday, Januat y 15, 1835
Petitions  were  presented  by  Messrs   WEB-
SI ER, TIPTON, and TYLER.
Mi TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referíed the bill to levive
and continue the act providing pensions foi per-
sons disabled by known wounds received in the
íevolutionary war, reponed the same with an
amendment, mseiting one yeai, instead of six
Mr TOMLINSON, fiom the same committee,
reported a bill to continue the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions
'Ihe bill having been read the fiisttime,
Mr. TOML1NSOJN said that it would be recol-
lected by the Senate, that the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions was created by the appropri-
ation bill of 1832-'3 The office, he said, expired
by its own limitation on the termination of the
present Congress. It was necessary, theiefore, in
consequence of the great accumulation of business
m that department, that it should be continued.
And he was desirous that prompt action snould
be had on the bill, that it might go to the o'her
House, and become a law as speedily as was piac-
ticable, so that the President might have time to
nominate a suitable person to the Senate to fill the
office. The bill prescribed the same duties, the
same salary, and the same franking privilege
which the Commissioner of Pensions enjoyed
undlY the formei law.
Mi T. moved that the Senate take up the bill
now, which was agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, reported to the Senate, and ordeied
}o be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr  PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen
sions, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Carey Claik, leported the same without amend-
ment
The resolutions offered yesterday by Messrs.
WAGGAMAN, BLACK, and HILL, were
taken up, considered  and agreed to
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
KANE, was taken up for consideration, and the
following was offered by Mr CLAYTON as a
substitute theiefoi, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate do
cause to be made out, and laid before the Senate,
a statement showing the amount of money paid in
each year, from the fiist session of the Eighteenth
Congress to this time, by order of the Senate, for
printing, and the purchase of books for the use of
the Senate, by ordet of the House of Representa-
tives, for punting and the purchase of books for
tne use of that House, by order of Congress, for
printing, and the puichase of books for the use of
Congress, or of any department or officer of the
Government, and by oider of each of the execu-
tive departments, designating, in all cases, the
object for which, and the persons to w'hom, the
money was paid Also, a statement showing the
amount of punting ordered, which has not been
completed, by whom the contracts foi such punt-
ing was made, and an estimate of the sum or sums
of money which will be due when such printing
shall be completed
Mi. KANE, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a bill for the íelief of the heirs
and legal representatives uf James Latham, de-
ceased , which was read twice and referred
Mr. BELL, from the Judiciary Committee,
reponed a bill foi the íehef of James Bairon,
which was lead the first time, and ordered to a
second reading
Mi McKEAN, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, reported a bill for the relief of Cap-
tain William Morrow, which was twice read and
referí ed
Mr POINDEXTER, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, reported a bill granting a quantity
of land foi the satisfaction of ceitam revolutionary
bounty land warrants, which was read twice and
referred
The following resolution was submitted by Mr
TIPTON
Resulted, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to tiansm't to the Senate an estimate of
the cost of constructing a bridge over the mer
Wabash, at the crossirg of the Cumbeiland road,
and also a report as to the piacticabihty of con-
sulting said bridge on such a plan as not to
obstruct the navigation of the river, at any stage
of water, and, should the files of the Department
not now furnish the information sought for by
this lesolution, that the Secretary will cause it to
be procuied and reported to the Senate at an early
day in the next session of Congress
The bill to graduate the price of the public
lands, and to provide for the sale of those which
have been longest in market, was taken up for
consideration, and, on motion of
Mr BENTON, it was postponed to, and made
the special order for Wednesday next.
The bill giantmg a township of land to the
French University at St. Louis, was taken up for
consideration
Mr. POINDEXTER said, he was instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to move its
indefinite postponement, but he would move, at
present, that it be postponed to, and made the
special order for Wednesday next, with the other
bills assigned for that day.
