1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
The bill for the relief of Anson Lynch of Mis-
sissippi, and              ,. -         j        v-
The bill for the relief of Andrew Knox, were
severally ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill to change the place of holding the land
office in Mississippi, from Clinton to Jackson, was
taken up for consideration, when
Mr. POINDEXTER moved its indefinite post-
P Aftersome remarks from Mr. BLACK, and Mr.
KING of Alabama, Mr. MOORE moved to lay
the bill on the table; which was agreed to.
than any other gentleman present. He did not
feel ready to voteupon the proposition, and would
be glad to accept the polite invitation of the gen-
tleman from Missouri. He suggested that the
resolution might be permitted to lie over for a few
days—the gentleman might choose his own time.
Mr. BENTON then moved that the resolution
be laid on the table; which was agreed to.
The bill to distribute for a limited time, the
proceeds of the sales of public lands, among the
| several States, &c., came up for consideration, and
| On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, was post-
■ poned to Wednesday next.
I The following bills were ordered to be engrossed
] for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Robert Hale;
A bill for the relief of lnnis Edwards;
A  bill  to allow further time to complete the
issuing of military bounty land warrants, for ser-
vices during the last war;
A bill to extend the time of issuing military land
warrants to officers and soldiers of the revolution-
ary army.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representative of William Graham, was taken up
for consideration, and
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, it was in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Tench Ringgold, late marshal of the District of
Columbia, reported the same without amendment. \\
Mr. CLAYTON, from the same committee, to ||
which was referred the bill from the House of ¡j
Representatives changing the place of holding the ,'
! district courts of the United States for the cítate • i
of Mississippi, reported the same without amend- ¡'
' ment.
The joint resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to make sale of a lion and two i
• horses, presented to the United States consul at ,
Tangiera by the Emperor of Morocco, was taken
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT, ETC.           ]
The joint resolution, providing for the amend- j
mentot the Constitution, in relation to the election j
of President and Vice President of the United i
States, was taken up for consideration.                   |
Mr. BENTON said, that the amendment pro- ¡
posed a change in the Constitution of the United j
States, in regard to the mode of election of the j
President and Vice President of the United States, :
and was in continuation of the proposition which ;
he had the honor of making for ten years past, i
The form which the amendment now wore, has :
been unanimously approved of by two committees !
of the Senate. It was drawn by a select commit- ,
tee, consisting of nine members, four or five years ;
ago, specially elected for the purpose of consider-
in" the propriety of the amendment proposed, the'
members of which were taken from each section
of the Union. The proposition came unanimously
from that committee of nine, and certainly (with-
out intending to compliment himself) it came rec-
ommended to the favorable consideration of the
Senate, in the most imposing manner. But this
was not all. At the last session of Congress, the
proposition was again submitted to a committee of
five, appointed for the express purpose, and omit-
ting himself, they were entitled to the highest
respect.    This last mentioned committee made no
amendment to the proposition, except that they            _                    _     .
nprfected its phraseology, but left untouched the ,, up for consideration.                   ,,-„....
Síes contained inSu.    He thought that we ,!     Mr. PORTER objected to the bill, tnat mere
could not have an  amendment  in  this respect
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was decidedly op-
posed to that amendment, because it would be a
declaration of war at once.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSENJiereacceptedthesug- '
gestión of Mr. CLAY, and modified his amend-
ment so as to allow " the President to present
them to such person or institution as he may
designate."
Mr. SHEPLEY said that this was a very small
affair for the Senate to be engaged in; but he
would ask what authority we had to be giving
away the property of the United States. If we
had a right to make this donation, we could dis-
pose of any other property of the United States,
and to any amount, in the same way. The prin-
ciple was the same.
I    Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN replied that, aceord-
i ing to the common law principle, in order to have
a property in a thing we must be able to hold to
it.   Now, as we could not hold the lion at all, it
was better to get rid of him as soon as possible.
The question being on the amendment submit- '
ted by Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, and modified
by him, it was disagreed to on a division—yeas 14,
nays 15.
Mr. POINDEXTER then moved an amend-
ment, authorizing the animals to be presented' to
Captain James Reily, to compensate him for his
trouble and expense in transporting them to this
country; which was disagreed to on a division—
yeas 14, nays 19.
Mr. EWINGthen moved a further amendment
to the bill, requiring the sale to take place in
Washington City; which was agreed to, and the
bill as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded  to  the consideration  of executive  busi-
ness; and when the doors were opened,
The Senate adjourned.
__                     an
which was in a better form than that which was
now presented.   He held that the principles of
the amendment came in a most unexceptionable ;
manner.   There were two great fundamental pnn- ,
ciples embraced in it.   The first was to dispense j
with the intervention of electors in the choice of :
the two highest officers of the Government alto- \
gether,  and   submit  the  choice  directly to  the
people.    The next was, to establish the district •
system throughout the whole United States.  The .
majority to be taken in each district as one vote ,
for President and one vote for Vice President. :
Another was, that in almost no event, should the
election devolve on the House of Representatives.
But in the event of two individuals having an ■
equal  number of votes, and  no one having a
majority, then  the election to go back to the ,
people.    And, if after that there should  be no
choice, a contingency which would never happen,
an event scarcely within the bounds of possibility,
the choice should devolve on the House of Rep-
resentatives.    These, said Mr. B., were the prin-
ciples of the joint resolution.    And he thought it
better to state them to the Senate, than that they
should be read over at the Secretary's table.  1 he
subject,   however,  had  come  up  unexpectedly,
several members were out of their seats, but the
Senate was  in possession of the principles em-
braced in the proposition, and it was his earnest
wish that at the end of ten years v/e might have, a
direct vote upon it, and he was ready to await the
action of the Senate. He would not press theques-
tion to-day, if gentlemen did not desire it, but he
invited the new'Senators to give it their.consiUer-
ation and examinauon.
Mr. POINDEXTER said that this subject had
been so long before the Senate, and had attracted
such universal attention here, and among the
people, that he would be gratified if a vote could
be taken upon it. He was disposed to vote .or
it, and he believed it was fully understood by the
Senate and the people.                                         f   .
Mr. BUCHANAN said he might perhaps eel
himself in a different situation i rom any other
member of the Senate, in reference to this sub-
ject, having more recently come Ironi the people
was no time specified in it, at which the sale
should be made, and moved to amend it by in-
serting the fourth Saturday in February next, and
the sale to be made at auction.
Mr. FRELlNGHUi'SEN moved to amend the
amendment, so as to strike out all about the lion,
and insert an authority to the President to pre-
sent the animal to the proprietor cf Peale's ¡Vlu-
I seum at New York, and the horses to the Agn-
! cultural Society at New York.
I     Mr. F. thought it very undignified for us to be
! gravely legislating here about the sale of a. lion
i and horses.   He thought it did not look well for
i the Government to be disposing of presents in this
! way, and putting the money into the Treasury.
1 It was much better to dispose of them in the way
! he had suggested.
Mr    PORTER  inquired   why   the honorable
1 gentleman from New Jersey wished to give them
1 to New York?   If they were to be disposed of
j in the way he had indicated, he certainly would
! oppose sending them to New York.    The Agri-
cultural Society of Louisiana, he knew, would be
very glad of them, particularly the horses.    New
York was already powerful enougn; she had the
largest population, the greatest commercial city,
an? all the Safety-Fund banks-and why should
' ihe have the lion too'                                   ,.  . .
■ Mr FRELINGHUYSEN asked for a division
I of the question, to be taken on the lion first.
Mr. BENTON expressed himselt decidedly in
favor'of presenting these animals to some public  j pemiSV¡vani¡t; and
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 15, 1835.
;    Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to pro-
, vide fur the widows and orphans of the militia
.'■ who were killed or who died in the service during
'; the late war with the Indians; which was read twice
and committed.
i| Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee, re-
I' ported a bill for the relief of Colonel Daniel New-
¡' nan; which was read twice and committed.
i- Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
'''■ Land Olsiros, reponed abill from theSenate, with
,! amendments, to provide for the legal adjudication
' and settlement of the claims to land therein rnen-
i tinned; which bill was committed to a committee
'! of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
:i amendments ordered to be printed.
¡I On motion of Mr. CARR, the same committee
• I were discharged from the further consideration of
,! the petition of the heiis of Jacob Thomas; and it
i was ordered to lie on the table.
' Messrs. DAVIS, of Kentucky, CHA KEY, and
11 CHAMBERS,  each  made unfavorable  reports
: upon petitions which had been referred to their
, respective committees.
Petitions  and   memorials were  presented,  on
'' leave, by
';     Messrs. HARD, HOWELL, and TAYLOR,
¡of New York:
¡i    Messrs. BOON and HANNEGAN, of Indiana;
!    Mr. PEAIICE, of Rhode Island;
Mr HALL, of Maine;
Messrs.   McKENNAN and   H1ESTER, of
: institution—itwasmuchthemostappropriateway
of disposing of them.                                     „„;,;„„ '
i     Mr   MOORE was opposed to any proposition ■
' on this subject which came from the New iork
quarter.    He was opposed to sending any lions
there, or taking a lion from there.          „...;„
■     Mr. CLAY said he had much rather see the bill
amended so as to leave it to the President of the
' United States to dispose of these anímale a he
| ihought proper, and suggested such an amend- ,
' ""¡Mr  POINDEXTERsubmitted an amendment, ,
in writing. •' that the lion be presented to Louis
. ' Philippe, King of France, by the President of the
i ' United States."
Mr."LYON, of Michigan.
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately refeired.
Oil motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the " har-
bor bill" was lecommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CHANEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the 1 ost Oi-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire luto
the expediency of establishing a posi r.-ate from
Picksiiiffton, in the county of ^Fa¡rfield, by the
town of Winchester, to Circleville, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON", of Kentucky,
Rtsoleed, That the Committee on the Conim-
