130____________________.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          January 15,
gent Expenses of the House be directed to audit
the accounts of the members of the committee ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives on the
26th day of June la£^, for investigating the condi-
tion and proceeding of the Post Office Depart-
ment, at the rate of compensation paid to the com-
mittee for preparing a code of laws for the District
of Columbia, of which Philip Doddridge, Esq., was
chairman, viz: eight dollars per day during the
recess, without any other allowance.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL,
Resolved, That the message of the.President of
the United States, communicated to the House of
Representatives at a former session of Congress,
recommending a compensation of the claim to title
to the Island m the Delaware on which Fort Dela-
ware is situated, together with the documents ac-
companying the same, be referred to the Commit-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EWING offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to cause the late annual report of the Engineer
Department to be reexamined in relation to an
alleged inaccuracy in the amount of unexpended
appropriations heretofore made to construct the
National Road in the State of Indiana, and trans-
mit to this House, as speedily as may be practica-
ble, the result, together with a statement showing
the sum that now remains unexpended, and that
which will actually be available for payment of
labor on said road in Indiana, during theapproach-
ing season.
On motion of Mr. LEA,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of placing Peter Powerman, of Blount
county, in the State of Tennessee, on the roll of
revolutionary pensioners, and that the documents
in support of" his claim be referred to said com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. MANN, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
revising the statute laws of the United States, and
for the purpose of instituting a commission to con-
sist of------members, to report to Congress such
revision for its consideration and adoption.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by consent, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House
of Representatives be granted to the Colonization
Society on Monday evening, the 19th instant.
Mr. MAR.DIS demanded the yeas and nays, i
He was unwilling that the Hall should be given up
.for i\ny such purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were—
yeas 123, nays 53.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution heretofore offered by Mr.
CHILTON:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject, j
and report their opinion to this House, of the most |
equal and just mode of applying the revenues of j
the country to such works of public improvement
within the respective States of this Union as may
be necessary for the facilitating of commerce with
foreign nations, and  among  the several  States.
And  that they moreover report their opinion of
the best and most practicable mode of ascertain-
ing and determining the nationality and impor-
tance of such improvements as may be proposed
within the said several States.
Mr. CHILTON resumed his remarks by re-
ferring to what he had said the other day on the
subject of the two clauses of the Constitution of
the United Stales, and read a lengthy extract from
a report made to the House of Representatives, i
January 7, 1819, by Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary ;
of War, in answer to certain resolutions of the '•
House on  the subject of internal improvements. I
In this  extract, Mr. Calhoun explicitly declared j
it to be his opinion that a judicious system of in-
ternal improvements, by roads and canals, con-
structed for the convenience of commerce and the
transportation of the mails, offered one of the best
and most efficient means for the complete defence
of the country    Whatever difference of opinion
might exist, said Mr. C, as to this gentleman's
opinions on some subjects, every one gave him
credit for possessing powerful talents, andintegrity
of purpose. Mr. C. said he was not one of those
who advocated what Had been designated as a
"splendid scheme of internal improvements," by
taxing the people of the country to effect it, be-
cause, in his opinion, it would be better to leave
the taxes in the hands of the people of the States;
his object was to expend the residue of the public
treasure in such objects, after the needful demands
of the Government had been discharged. Surely,
there was no gentleman there, who could not see
the great importance of carrying on a national
system of internal improvements, who would take
a survey of the beautiful streams and rivers be-
stowed upon our country by the God of nature.
He might, to besure, upon constitutional scruples,
but there were many who did not profess those
scruples, and to such he appealed, and asked them
how they could reconcile it to their consciences to
abandon this system? There was no nation under
the sun devoted to such high and exalted destinies
as our own, and the present condition of the State
of New York, where internal improvements had
been fostered and carried out, contrasted with the
condition of other States, was an illustration of
this.
Mr. C.offeredhisacknowledgmentstothe House
for the courtesy which had been extended to him.
There were a great many other points on which,
if time had permitted, he would have touched.
He had intended to have introduced divers prop-
ositions showing that the Executive had sanc-
tioned one work and rejected another, both of
which were identical in principle. He had also
intended to have gune further in exhibiting to the
House the flagrant injustice that had been done to
the western country. The State of Kentucky,
which was the sixth State of the Union in its
quota of militia, had never received a solitary
dollar since the year 1798. If the West was of
no consideration but in time of war, and fit only
to fight the battles of the country, let it be at once
avowed. He could assure gentlemen that more
depended upon the decision of this question than
they were perhaps awar^e of; and the course, not
only of himself, but of others, might be regulated
by its issue. Mr. C. was for equal justice. Here
was a firm originally of thirteen partners, who were
each entitled to an equal share of the benefits, but
if one or two are to engross the whole, he was
almost going as far as to say the sooner the firm
was dissolved the better. He was almost going
to say, he would nullify—though he was no nulli-
lier; but he believed if ever that doctrine became
popular, it would be on account of the gross in-
justice done to one part of the country to the ad-
Vantage of another.
Mr. C. concluded by saying this was the last
report he probably should ever attempt to bring
under the consideration of that body. The present
session, in all probability, would close his labors
on that arena, but he should never cease to feel a
deep and lively interest on this subject. All that
his resolution asked was, that the standing com-
mittee, to whom the subject had been referred,
should " inquire into the subject, and report their
opinion to this House, of the most equal and just
mode of applying the revenues of the country to
such works of public improvement as may be ne-
cessary," &c, and he did hope that the House
would permit it to be adopted, and the inquiry
made.
Again expressing his acknowledgments for the
courtesy with"which the House had favored him,
Mr. C. called for the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the resolution.
They were ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY said, he rose only to make a
very brief explanation. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, in the course of his remarks the other day,
had set down the State of Missouri as having re-
ceived the sum of $24,000. Mr. A. wished to
correct this mistake, and to assure the gentleman
from Kentucky that he sympathized with him,
for the State of which Mr. A. had the honor to be
a representative, had received no such sum, but
was in a similar situation to the honorable mem-
ber's own State.
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshire, moved to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. CHILTON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. McKIM asked for the reading of the reso-
lution; which was read.
The question waa then taken on laying the reso-
lution on the table, and decided in the affirmative:
Yeas 122, nays 77:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Adams, J. J. Allen, Wm.
Allen, Anthony, Archer, Barringer, Beale, Bean,
Beaumont, Blair, Boekee, Boon, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cage, Cambreleng, Casey, Cha-
ney,Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clay-
ton, Clowney, Coffee, Cramer, Davenport, Day,
Deberry,Dickerson,DunIap,Ferris,PhiloC. Ful-
ler.W.K. Fuller,Fulton,Gamble,Gholson,Gillet,
Gordon,Graham,Grayson,Griffin,Thos.H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamcr, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Henderson, Howell,Hub-
bard, Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M. John-
son, Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin
Jones, Kavanagh,.Kilgore, King, Lansing, La-
porte, Lay, Lea, Loyall, Lucas, Abijah Mann,
Joel K. Mann, Manning, Mardis, John Y. Ma-
son, Moses Mason, Mclntire, McKay, McKin-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Robert Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Peyton, Pick-
ens, Pierce, Pieraon,Pinckney,Po)k, Pope, Ram-
sey, Rencher, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck,
Schley, A. H.Shepperd,Shinn,Standifer, Suther-
land, William Taylor, Wm. P. Taylor, Vander-
poel.Van Houten, Wagener, Wardwell, Whallon,
White, Wise—122.
NAYS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, Heman
Allen, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Bates,
Baylies, Beatty, Bell, Binney, Briggs, Bull, Burd,
Burges, Chambers, Chilton, Wm Clark, Corwin,
Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Denny,
Dickson, Evans, E. Everett, Ewing, Fillmore,
Fowler, Garland, Gorham, Grennell, Hiland
Hall,Hannegan, Hard, James Harper, Hazeltine,
Hiester, Wm. Jackson, E. Jackson, Janes, W.
C.Johnson, H. Johnson, Kinnard, Lane, Letch-
er, Lincoln, Love, Martindale, Marshall, Mc-
Carty, McKennan, McKim, Mercer, Milligan,
Miner, Phillips, Potts, Reed,Wm. B. Shepard,
Sloane, Spangler, Steele, P. Thomas, Thomson,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Turner, Tweedy, Vance,
Watmough, Webster, Frederick Whittlesey, Wil-
son, Young—77.
So the House determined to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the representatives of Colonel Anthony W.
White; which was read twice and committed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a report of the commissioners appointed to settle
and adjust private land claims in the State of
Missouri.
Mr. ASHLEY, by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution in relation to the foregoing com-
munication; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to private land claims in
Missouri, be referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, with instructions to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the confirma-
tion of these claims.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a reso-
lution of the 12th instant,respecting the improve-
ment of the Arkansas river; which, on motion of
Mr. SEVIER, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill' to provide for the compensation of the
marshal of the district of Delaware;
A bill for the relief of Peter H. Green and Wil-
liam Emerson.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House then took
up the report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the bill making appro-
priations for certain fortifications heretofore com-
menced, for the year 1835.
Mr.EVERETT moved, in theHouse.thesame
