132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
the bill was under consideration on a former day,
*' that the appropriation shall be taken, out of the
two per cent, fund, which has been set apart for
making roads in Alabama," which he supported
by some remarks.
Mr. POINDEXTER was not altogether satis-
fied with the amendment, and proposed to amend
the same further, by adding a proviso " that the
Legislature of Alabama should give her assent to
the appropriation."
Remarks were also made by Messrs. KING,
TIPTON, PORTER, MOORE, GRUNDY, in
favor of the bill: and by Met-srs. POINDEXTER,
BLACK, and HENDRICKS against it.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment, Mr. POiN DEXTER asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and the question
was disiigieed to by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Knight, Moore, Poindexter,
and Webster—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Buchanan,
Clayton, Frelinghuysen, Giundy, Hendrickb,
Hill, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Linn, McKean, Mtngum, Morris, Naudain,
Porter, Robinson, Shepley, Smith, Southard,
Swift, Fallmadge, Tipton, Tomiinson, Wagg.i-
man, White, and Wright—28.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. WRIGHT asked the yeasand nays there-
on; which were ordered, and are as follows, to wit:
• YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Grundy, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn, McKean,
Morris, Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, Wagga-
man, White, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Ewing, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hendricks, Knight, Mangum, Moore, Nau-
dain, Poindexter, Porter, Smith, Southard, Swift,
Tipton, Tomltnson, Tyler, and Webster—17.
So the question was determined in the affirma-
tive.
The question then being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading, as amended,
Mr. MOORE moved that the bill be laid on the
table till to-morrow; which was agreed to.
The CHAIR-communicated a letter from the
Treasury Department,accompanied by thereturns
made to that department by the banks of the
District of Columbia; which, on motion of Mr.
WEBSTER, was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also,anothercommunication from iheTreasury
Department, showing the number of clcrki em-
ployed in that department for the year 1834, and
the compensation paid to each.
The following resolution! submitted yesterday
by Mr. TIPTON, was taken up for consideration:
"¡¿(solved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate an estimate of
the cost of constructing a bridge over the river
Wabash, at the crosaingof the Cumberland road;
and also a report as to the practicability of con-
structing said bridge on such a plan as not to
obstruct the navigation of the river, at any stage of
water; and, should the files of the Department not
now furnish the information sought for by this
resolution, that the Secretary will cause it to be
procured and reported to the Senate at an early
day in the next session of Congress."
Mr. TÍPTON said that this resolution proposed
an inquiry into the practicability of constructing a
bridge over the Wabash, where the national road
crosses that stream. Several of the western States,
he said, weie interested in the erection of this
bridge; and all the States west of the Wabash,
were more deeply interested in it than Indiana was.
The mail sent to all the States west of that river,
would be transported in stages, and would be much
retarded in its progress, if there was no other mode
of crossing the river than in ferry boats. The
rise in the river in consequence of freshets, ren-
dered the crossing in boats dangerous; and the
floating ice in the winter season obstructed the
passageof boats, sometimesentirely, and of course
that of the mail and of travellers. But there was
alarge portion of Indiana, nearly one-fourth of the
State, and a portion of the State of Illinois, situ-
ated on the Wabash, above the crossing of the
national road, and all that country would be seri-
ously injured'if a bridge should be so erected as to
have the effect of obstructing the navigation of the
river at a high stage of the water; and his vote for
an appropriation to erect this bridge,Mr. T. said,
would depend upon the ascertainment of the fact,
whether it would have this effect or not. He
hoped and believed that a bridge eould be con-
structed on such a plan, that the navigation would
not be impeded or interfered with in any way, at
any stage of the water; and if it should so turn
out, the bridge ought to be erected. The inquiry
could injure no one, and would be a great satisfac-
tion to tnose immediately interested.
The íesolutioii was adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to establish a
mail route in East Florida, between the naviga-
ble waters of the St. John's and the Suwanee
river.
Mr. H., from thesame committee, also reported
a bill for the continuation and repair of the Cum-
berland road; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Latham, was read the second time and referred.-
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Robert Hale;
A bill for the relief of Etham Edwards;
A bill to allow further time for completing the
issuing and locating of military land warrants
during the late war;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Knox;
A bill to continue the office of Commissioner of
Pensions;
A bill for the relief of Absalom Lynch.
The bill authorizing the sale of a lion and two
horses, presented by the Emperor of Morocco to
the United States Consul at Tangiers, also came
up for a third readii!g;-and, on mo'io  of Mr.
POINDEXTER, was laid on the table.
The following bdls were read the seroñd timp,
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Francis Lasalle;
A bill for the relief of J unes Thomas;
A billgranungatownshipofland to theborough
of Mackinaw;                 •
A bill for the relief of William B. Zantzinger,
late Purser in the Navy;
A bill for the relief of Tufts &. Clark;
A bill fur the relief of Nicholas D. Coleman;
A bill for [he relief of Hiram A. Hunter;
A bill for the relief of Thomas J. Mortee.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, it was then
Oed.-red, That when the Senate adjourns, it will
adj lurn to meet on Mond iy next.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fr.iDiY, January 3G, 1835.
Petitions and memorial-', by consent, were pre-
sented by,
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Mr. GRAYSON, of Sou ill Carolina;
Mr. PHILLIPS, of Massachusetts;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Mr. MERCER, of Virginia;
Which memorials and petitions were appropri-
ately referred.
Mr. MAY presented the petition of Sundry
citizens of Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Terre Hnute, Indiana, toQuincy,
on the Mississippi river; which, .on his motion,
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which, under the rule, lies one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to cause an examination to be made into
the present condition of Fort Marion, in East
Florida, and to_ report to the next session of Con-
gress, whether* the public interests would not be
promoted by its repair and preservation for de-
fence and barracks, with an estimate of the cost of
its repair, and that of the sea-wall between it and
St. Francis barracks; and also to present a report
of the manner and objects to which the twenty
thousand dolíais appropriated has beer, expended.
On motion of Mr. DUÍÍLAP,
Rtsohad, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authorizing the Secretary of War to estab-
lish a pension agency in the town of Jackson,
in the State of Tennessee, and to provide for the
payment of all the United States pensioners re-
siding in the counties of Harden, McNairy, Har-
deman, Fayette, Shelby, Tipton, Haywood, Mad-
ison, Henderson, Perry, Carrol!, Gibson, Dyer,
Ouion, Weakly, and Henry, at said agency.
On motion of Mr. S TEW ART, of Pennsylvania,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropiiation to pay the salary
of Valentine Geisy, late superintendent of the
Cumberland road.
Mr. PINCKNEY offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested (if not inconsistent m his opinion with
the public interest) to communicate to this House
any correspondence that may have taken place be-
tween the Government and that of Spain respect-
ing the act of Congress, passed on the 30th day of
June, 1834, entitled, "An act concerning tonnage
duty on Spanish vessels"—and also any informa-
tion in his possession going to show whether there
is any prospect that the commerce of the United
States with the Island of Porto Rico, will hereaf-
ter be regulated upon principles of reciprocity, or
whether it is in contemplation by the Spanish au-
thorities to increase or reduce the discriminating
duties of tonnage, and the discriminating duties
on imports and exports now levied on American
vessels and on American merchandize and pro-
duce.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Walter Phillips; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. H UBB ARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for harbors, rivers, and the Delaware breakwater;
winch was read twice and committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, repotted a bill to prevent eva-
sions of the revenue laws,and for other purposes;
which was read twice and postponed to Monday
week.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reponed a bill making appropriations
for building light-houses, erecting beacon lights,
and making surveys for the year 1835; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the same commit- '
tee, reported a bill making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors therein mentioned;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. G1LLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution; which
•Alas' agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole be
discharged from the further consideration of bill
No. 594, and it be committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill placing the name of
Captain Cole on the pension roll; which was read
twice and committed.
Messrs. FOSTER, HUBBARD, McINTIRE,
ADAMS of New York, and MOORE, each made
unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c, referred
to their respective.committees.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to authonze the State
of Alabama to apply the two per cent, of the pro-
ceed of the sales of the public lands within that
State, to opening a canal, or making a railroad,
for the purpose of connecting the waters of the Ten-
nessee and Coosa rivers; which was read twice.
Mr. BLAIR moved that the said bill be now en-
grossed for a third reading; and remarked, that
the bill on its face so clearly developed the object,
that explanation would be unnecessary. He would
however say, that by the terms of the compact
under which the State of Alabama came into the
Union, two per centum of the net proceeds of
the sales of the public lands were reserved to
make a road or roads leading to that State, and
