1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
that the bill proposed, the contracting parties
a"reung thcreio, to change the direction of that
fund and apply it to the constiucunga railroad or
canal between ihe Tennessee and Coosa nveis.
He said that inasmuch as new appropriation of
money from the Tieasury was asked, and the
necessity of epeeddy putting it in the power of
Alaoama to pass upi n the pioposed change, he
had obtained the unanimous consent of the seven
rnembeis in the committee, when (he subject was
brought befoie them, to the motion which he had
made. He-said that, a v. are that some might
object that the Legislature of A'auama could not
constitutionally change the compact which had
been made by the convention, the bill was so
worded as to obviate every scruple by requiring
the assent of the S ate ot Alabama before the
change could be made. Mr. S3 said that he could
fore&ee no possible objection to the piopos'tion,
inasmuch ua thei e was no necessity for making
euch roads to Alabama as were contemplated at
the time of the compact The Indian title has,
gene>ally, been extinguished in the adjacent States,
and the territory settled up to her borders; what
was then regaided as being necessary, is now
wholly unnecessary. The improvement which
is pioposed, ( Alabama consenting,) is one of the
fiist impoiUnce. It will intersect ihiee States,
and unite waters flowing fiom and through five
of the States of this Uniun. It has been long a ,
culject of examination by the Committee on ,
Roads and Canals, and has as often as it has been
brought forward, been favoiably reported upen
He hoped the House would oider the cull to be
engrossed for a thud reading, inasmuch as any
otner disposition of it would tend to defeat it at
this stage of the session.
Mr McKINLEYbaid he westaken by surprise.
He had rever hcaid that it was intended to intro-
duce such a 'ml Hisconstituents were interested
m the disposition < f this fund, and as this bill was
not calculated to benefit them, he would move to
lay it on the talle.                                                       |
Mr McKi\ley withdrew the motion at the
request of
Mr. CLAY, who entered into an explanation
of the Circumstances undei which the bill had oeen
repotted. A resolution on this subject, adopted
on hia motion s line time since, had been lefeired
to the Committee on Roadi and Carata. Hehad
supposed that his colleague (Mi. McKivley) was
awaie of ihis ftct The committee, it was tiue,
had repoited a bill somewhat variant from his pro-
position; but he could not see how his colleague
could ha\e been taken by surpribe by the mtro-i
duction of the bul. In relation to the lelmquibh-
ment of this fund, he would remark that, by the
teims of the c impact, two per cent, of the net
pioceeds ot the saleo ot the public lands within
said State, aítei h r admission, was reserveu to the
S ate of Alabama, for the puipose of opening a
ro id 01 loads io the S^ate—not f r mak.ng rout,
uit'an the Siate M >ie tl an §100,OOJ nad accrued
in de. tin crmpaci—noie tl an fiiteen yea'-s had
elapsed, and ■lot a single doll u Had been applied
as contemnVied Fiom the p dicy vvhtel had been
adopted 1 y the Genii d Govennient, it w-os not
1 kety tr at tl is sum >vould be f o ap¡ lied. Besides,
it would go but a httle «ay towards accomplish-
ing tne orig nal r 1 ten intends I. The simple in-
tention of the bill ,vas so ti charge the compact
as to peini.t the Saite of Alaban,a to a;p!v this
money to rtiothei nnpoitant, though diffeient
o! ject—nunely, the opei mgof a canal or lailroad
to connect the wa'ers rt the Tennessee with Cot ba
n\ei He could see no pObsiLIe objection to the
passage of the bin, in ibinuch as the State of <\la
bamn was left, by it  teim«, ¡e<Jictly id ¡ihetty to
accept, oi icjul, the proposed relinquishment of the
fund. Mi G biid, it was true tl u iiwiesolutinn
ri.ntemplr'ed giving a Lroade di'cietion to the
Legislatuie—that was, the applic dioii of the fund
to the constiuction of a i'ilioad or canal, cm-
riectmg the tentéis it the .Vott'f Bay uith //io«e if
tlie Tcmiesiie Jiro , ins"a<l ot rnivng any ¡¡ail.c-
\dm uve  flow ng into M ibile Bay, and lie wouid
Etpl pi ele, the bill in thalfonn. As the committee
had thought pio¡ er to vary the terms of the ie-
hnquishment, however, still leaving it entue y in
the election of Alabama to reiene it or not, on
tnobe terms, and as, Without the passage of this
bill, the fund would continue to be inactive and
unproductive, he hoped it would pas , and should
give it his support. It would be better to get the
benefit oí the lund in the mode proposed, than to
lose the advantage of it altogether, and he hoped
that his honorable colleague would withdraw his
opposition.
Mr. MEPtCERsuggested tothegentleman from
Tennessee [Mi. Blair] the propriety of permit-
ting the bill to go to the Committee ot the Whole
on I he state of the Union, where it void J be open
to amendment lie feared that it would be lost
if pressed at this time, &c.
Mr. MARDIS wa3 apprehensive that this sub-
ject was not understood by the House. The fund
íeferred to was not the propeity of the United
fetales. The bill did not ask the appropriation of
a single cent. It only asked a change of the dis-
pobiuon of a fund reserved to tne State of Ala-
bama, by compact, that it may be applied specially
to the opening of a canal oi railroad, to connect
the waters of the Tennessee and Coosa livers
By applying this money m the mode proposed by
the bill, it would open a steam communication
from New Oi leans to Maine, with the exception
of about three hundied miles. But his colleague
[Mr. McKikley] thought that his constituents
would not be benefitted by this lniptovement. He
could not suppose his colleague acted upon the
selfish principle that becaube it was not m his
immediate district, his consti uents would not be
in favor of this gieat national impioven ent. But
a veiy small pouion of his constituents were im-
meui itely mteiested in this woik, but its lmpoit-
ance, in a general point of view, would induce
him to give this measure his cordial support. He
hoped, theiefore, that tí e bill would beordered to
be eugiossed, and, if necessaiy,it would he post-
poned to such time as would allow gentlemen to
examine it thoroughly.
Mr McKINLEY repesie'd that he was taken
by surpribe on the lutioduction of this bill He
had held no conveisation with eithei of bis col-
leagues, or any othei person, on the subject, noi
was the lesolunon to wh'ch one of nib colleagues
[Mi. Ciay] shaded calcnluied to i,ppnze hni of
an lnttntio, to intioducc any suu, i.ieasuieas the
present. The leason ot Ins suipi'iee was, that a
bill of this chaiacier, affec'ing the interests of the
people of Alabama, should be introduced without
consultation with us Kpresentatives on thibilooi,
and tha' it should be pioposed to oider its en
grossmentat the moment of its introduction It
was ceriainly not s ¡auge that he should indicate
a detei mmation to protect the mtei estb of his con-
stituents
Mi. BLAIR íephed to Mr. McKinley, and
otheis, that, for twelve yeais, the connection of
the Ten.iesbee and Coosa riveis had been, to his
knowledge, befoie Congresb, that it was, in his
ebiimat'on, the most in portant inpiovement (in
volví, g the expenditure of a like amount of money)
in the Union It was of direct lmeiest to five
States i f this Uivon He had, as a member of
the commitiee and of the House, ureed the appro-
pi lation of money to complete ihat object When
refused money, he had consented to lake lands in
its vie mty, as had been given to other States,
when that was refused He ws- ready to resort
even to the expedient of making an appeal to the
State of Alabama, tocneit the two pei cenufiom
tibeless load*, 10 the pioseuitioi, of that gieat
wo.k Mi B said that the House had the sub-
ject before i , and would d.sposeof it as might be
thought best, im iu> own part he would give no
consent to lefer the bill to a Committee of the
Wnole on the state of die Un on He pie'erred
a vote on the subject, and if rejected, it would be
dune openly and direcdy—toie c- to the commit-
tee at tins stage of a short session, wrs \otmg to
bin y the bul undei the mass of businebS then upon
the tibie
As to the íema'k of the honorable gentleman
from Ati b,ma. \\1> McKixlky,] that trnb State
had not asker1 foi the en inge.and that he had not
been coiibtofu—hec ul I s„y that the meosniehal
been pres\eu by orléis fio n his State, and Mr
B h^d fcUupi ed that a penect unders- andina; had
pieva.led amoi ffst the members ot initdei°g tiun
This he could say with truth, that Alatiami has
always legaided the connexion of the Tennessee
and Coosa as a woik of no|>ortance, and the Le-
gislature, at its present session, had that subject
before it m a proposition from a committee of that
body to pledge the faith of the State for the repay-
ment of a loan of $1,000,000 to perfect that im-
provement. And it Mr. B. was not mistaken, the
gentleman himself had subscribed to .its import-
ance in voting for the appropriation of the public
lands to woik- of improvement in his State, of
which this was one
Mi. IlLLMORE thought there were principles
of considerable importance involved m the bill
which rendered it proper that it should go to a
committee. The House was called urion to vary
a compact, or enter into a new one He thought
that the measuie proposed was equivalent toan
appropriation of money from the Treasuiy. He
was not unfriendly to the bill, nor did he desire to
throw any unnecessary obstiuctions in the way of
its passage; but he consiaeied it necessary that it
should be committed.
Mr. BR1GGS inquired of the Chair, whether,
under the rule, it was not indispensably necessary
that the bill should be committed.
Aftei some conveisation between the CHAIR,
Messrs. BR1GGS,CLAY, and McKlNLEY, on
the point of order, the bill, in obedience to the
decision of the Speaker, was committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, renorted a bill to authorize the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs at St. Louis to employ a
cleik; wmch was read twice. Mr. G asked that
it might be engrossed for a third reading.
Mi. GARL VND objected on the ground that
the course was ínegular, and gave a precedence
over other bills heretofore reported. He referred
to one or two in particular, in which many citi-
zens of his own State were deeply interested, end
on which it had been found impossible to procure
the action of the House. He preferred that the
business should progress in its regular order.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rule. He
was satisfied that the bill ought to pass, and he
hoped it would be ordered to be engrossed at this
time.
Mr. ASHLEY said there ought to be no gen-
eral rule without an exception. He thought this
bill presented a case of that sort. A clerk was
absolutely necessary in the office of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs at St Louis. The busi-
ness of that office, unless a clerk was' provided,
would have to be measurably suspended, and the
superintendent would be compelled to employ one
at his own expense, or suffer' the business to be
neglected, if this bill was not passed. He hoped
that the rule would be suspended, and the bill
pei muted to progress.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rule—yeas 95, nays 67;
two-thirds being necessary.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rule setting
aside this day for the consideration of private bills,
in order that the House should proceed with the
consideration of the appropriation bills; which
was disieieed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Secretary of the Treasury, covering a
report, pursuant to a resolution, in relation to the
marine hospital fund, &c , which was laid on the
table and ordeied to be printed.
A bill for the relief of Richard T. Archer, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time
CLAIM OF RICHARD W. MEADE.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the House re-
solved itself into a Cimmittee of the Whole, (Mr.
Ward m the chan,) and took up and considered
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Richard W  Meade.
Tne bill having been read by the Clerk,
Mr ARCHER called for the reading of the
lepoit on the claim by the Committee on Foteign
Affaiis.
The íepoit was accotdingly also read by the
Cleik.
Mi ARCHER then supported the claim at
some length, soing into a minute detail of all the
ciicumstances out of which it giew. The Gov-
ernment of the United States had put it out oí the
power of the claimant to collect this debt from
Spain, by the solemn stipulations of airea y. In
puisuanceof these stipulations, out Government
had íeceived a certain sum of money for various
