1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ÍÉ5
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Y.irnldu church, in Richmond city, Virginia, to
Henderson's river, in Northumberland county.
On motion of Mr ASHLEY,
Uewlced, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of liquida-
ting- the accounts of William Newland and D. ¡VL
¡Rice, for attendance on, and supplies furnished*
two soldieis of the United States Army, whilst
sick and 011 furlough.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT,
Resolied, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of paying to Ann Wilson, widow of Val-
entine Wilson, a revolutionary soldier, the amount
of hi? pension arrears from the 4th March, 1831,
to the time of Ins death, 4th July, 1833.
On motion of Mr. CASEY,
Resolved, Tiiat the Committee on the Post Of-
fice a¡id Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mall route from
Mount Carmel, by Coffington, Albion, Leech's
Mills, and Fairfield, to Salem, all in the State of
Illinois.
EXTENSION OF THE  FEDERAL .TUDICIARF.
Mr REYNOLDS submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be ínstiucteü to inquire into the expediency of
extending the Fedeiai judiciary to all the States
in the Onion alike, and report thereon.
Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that he did not
pretend to be more painotic and more able to
bring this subject !>efore_ the House than any
other Representative from the new States; but he
cou'd not remain a disinterested spectator and
know that the new States were not on an equal
footing with the other States. He was raised in
one of the new States, and knowing and experi-
encing the feelings and situation of them, in this
respect, he could not rest satisfied on this sub-
ject until all enjoyed the sa.ne privileges and ad-
vantages. The new States could not tax the soil
within their limits like the other States, and, in
fact, laooied under many inconveniences which
the iatter did not. He conceived that the mere
mention of this subject was sufficient to enable
this enlightened botly to do justice to the new
States, and that was all he desired or asked.
Mr. ARCHER, observed that the subject was.
already brought before the Committee on the
Judiciary by the message of the President.
it being further suggested that a bill on this
subject wcs in a state of preparation—
Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that he was not
heretofore aware of theie facts He knew that
the President always did right on this subject—
he did not alinde to his latemesssge in particular.
But as the subject was before the Committee on
the Judiciary, the object was answered, and he
would therefore withdraw the resolution; which
he did.
AUDITING HOUSE ACCOUNTS.
The following resolution, which had been
agreed to by the House, then came up for recon-
sideration, of which notice had been given on a
former day:
Rfsvloed, That the Committee on ¡he Contin-
gent Expenses of the House he dnected to audit
the accounts of the members of the committee ap-
pointed by the House of lv.epiesentatives on the
2G h day of June last, for investigatinj the condi-
tion and proeeedinirs ot tlie Post Office Depart-
ment,at the rate of compensation paid tothecom-
mittee for prepaiing a code of laws for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, "of which Philip Doddridge,
Esq , was chairman, viz: eight dollars per day
duiing the recess, without any other allowance.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the resolution, for the purpose, as he stated,
cf moving an amendment thereto.
The motion was agreed to without a division.
Mr. MANN then'said he had, with some lutle
care, piepareu an amendment to this resolution,
which he begged to oiler to the consideration of
the House.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Strikeout all after (he word resolved, and insert,
''That the Committee on Accounts of this House
' be directed to audit the accounts of the members
' of the committee appointed by this.Houseon the
' 26 h day of June last, for investigating the condi-
' lion and proceedings of the Post Office Depart-
• ment, and allow each member of such committee
' at the rate of eight dollars per day, (including a
' reasonable time for their traveling respectively to
' the seat of Government,) during the time they
' have actually been entraged at the Post Office De-
' partment, up to the commeocement of the present
' session."
Mr. M. proceeded by saying he would take
this occasion to remark, that in a consultation
with several gentlemen of the House, it had been
suggested as a matter of justice to this committee,
to allow them, in addition to what was proposed,
their usual mileage for travelling expenses, and to
that suggestion Mr. M. would yield, by a modi-
fication of his amendment, ifany gentleman wished
to propose it. He would do so for this reason,
that when gentlemen were called away on public
business, their affairs at home must necessarily
suffer; and he was willing, upon principle,*that
they should be paid the same as in an extra ses-
sion of Congress. The resolution as amended by
him, would give each of these gentlemen about
$550, which many of them, perhaps, would be
disposed to consider as an inadequate compensa-
tion; but whether it would be deemed sufficient
by the House, he was not prepared to say. He
repeated, he would submit the amendment, and if
any gentleman felt disposed to modify it, by
allowing the usual travelling expenses of mem-
bers, Mr. M. would accept the modification.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, was will-
ing to grant the members of this committee a full,
adequate, and just compensation; for there could
be no question that their duties had been many and
arduous; but he was at a loss to perceive how this
could be done in the manner proposed, conform-
able to the laws at present m force. Tne laws
regulating the pay of members had not been re-
pealed, and, until they were, he could not perceive
how they could, constructively, allow this commit-
tee tne extra payof mileage. These gentlemen
had not performed the journey twice; they came
to this ci'y but once, and he thought it neither
reasonable nor proper that they should be twice
paid. That they should be paid eight dollars per
diem he thought just, but not double mileage.
Mr GILLET would inform thegentlemtin from
North Carolina, that he knew one of the members
of the committee who did leturn home. He came
to this city, spent a considerable time here, and
returned to bis family; so that one, at least by the
gentleman'/own principle, would be entitled to
his allowance of mileage.
Mr. MILLER said he could see no necessity
whatever for the passage of this resolution. The
law had fixed the compensation of members, and
it was alleged that tins committee met on the first
of September. Well, that was nothing more
than a prolongation of the session, or an anticipa-
tion of the meeting of Congress. Their duties
were precisely similar to those they would have
had to perform during the session, and nothing
more, and lie could see no necessity for giving
them more than the law fixed, viz : eight dollars
a day. This could be given them without the
resolution proposed.
Mr. MANN, of New York, begged to make a
single remark m reference, to what had fallen from
the gentleman from North Carolina, whose opin-
ions, on such subjects, he was bound to treat with
respect. Mr.«VI. had drawn this resolution, giv-
ing the members of the committee eight dollars a
day for the time they were aduallu engaged; and
he only said, that it had been suggested to him by
several gentlemen to give them the mileage, and
he had said that if such a modification were pro-
posed, he would accept it. That, having been
engaged during the vacation, their necessary busi-
ness at home must have been neglected, and this
offered a reason for the extra pay, though it was
not embraced m his amendment. Thegentleman
from North Carolina said we could not do this
without changing the law. Mr. M. knew the law
was peremptory on this subject; but he had sup-
posed it competent for the House to appropriate
its own contingent fund, and it was upon tbat
principle he relied
As to theremark of the honorable member fiom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller,] that these gentle-
men would be entitled to their pay of eight dollars
a day, as a matter of right, without a resolution,
Mr. M. had supposed it necessary, in consequence
of its being a special expenditure, out of the ordi-
nary course, and beyond the power of the Com-
mittee on the Contingent Expenses of the House;'
and he understood that that committee had 'here-
tofore refused, or had, in the present instance,
refused to audit these accounts.
Now, for ihc resolution as drawn up by himself.
It would give the members of this committee pay
for sixty-nine days—their session commencing in
this city on the first or second of September, ex-
clusive of the time spent m travelling, amounting,
in round numbers, to about $550. The original
resolution embraced the whole period of time from
the adjournment of the last session of Congress,
on the 30di June.
Mr. M. said.Jie understood the practice had
been settled heretofore^ that committees engaged
in the business, and by order of the House, should
be paid their necessary travelling expenses. Such
was the case last session in regaid to the commit-
tee appointed to investigate the affairs of the Bank
of the United States, who were paid their mileage
between the seat of Government and the city of
Philadelphia, and no more; their wages as mem-
bers of Congress went on; but they paid all their
others, except travelling expenses. In conclusion,
he would remark, that notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Williams,] the House could appropriate as much
of its own contingent fund as it thought proper.
Mr. M. would observe that he was by no means
particularly disposed to give those gentlemen an
extraordinary or an unusual compensation, but he
was disposed to treat them with liberality.
Mr. GILLETthen offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
"And that those who came to Washington on
' saitf business,and returned homebeforethecom-
' mencement of the present session of Congress,
' be allowed their extra travel and their per diem
' allowance while attending on said committee,
' and no more."
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, said, he was
opposed to both amendments, because he consid-
ered them unfair, unequal,and unjust in their oper-
ations. The reason assigned by one gentleman
for allowing this extra compensation was, that the
usual daily pay was insufficient. That might be
true. They have doubtless attended there at art
extra expense, and neglected their business, but
he did not think this offered a satisfactory reason
for double mileage. Besides, it should bereraem-
bered, that some of these gentlemen resided at
comparatively a small distance from this city, and
others at a very remote distance, and, therefore,
paying them in the way proposed would be draw-
ing a great distinction in the cases, and be no crite-
rion. One would receive very little, and another a
great amount. It was well known that of the com-
pensation received by members of Congress none
was so ample as that of mileage. Some received
no less than three thousand dollars mileage, ill
coming to, and returning from Washington, while
that of others did not amount toa hundred dollars.
This was the ground of his objection to the first
amendment. Withregard tothesecond—itseems
that some one or more members of the committee
took occasion to return home to attend to their
private affairs, and it was proposed not only to
pay them their eight dollars a day during their
absence, but also their mileage for going and re-
turning. This would be rewarding them, not for
attending to their public, duties, but for going home
to attend to their private concerns, and abandon-
ing the former. If additional compensation be
necessary anywhere, it ought to be bestowed
rather upon those who remained at their post than
upon those who weitaway.
Mr. CROCKETT said, he should oppose both
amendments, for he thought the usual pay of eight
dollars a day ample. It was nonsense to talk
about its being a sacrifice to come there, for. if it
was, they would not see so many grasping to be
members of Consress. He consd^red eight
dollars a day a sufficient remuneration for any
man, lei his business be what it may.
