1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported from .that committee, together with the
provisions of the one not yet acted on, were highly
acceptable if the committee should consider
that the e di "umeim contained matter of legis-
lation, a^ he fiimlv belicveJ they did, for these
claimants-, a\,ú if they should find that Congiess
can <lo anytl.ng, ap v'e a'so believed it could
mut.li, to lestoie larmor>y between the parties
in the Cherokee notor-, and to smooth the way
for tno<-e no .v v.iüii.g u> emigrate—if they can do
anything 11 nidi ihe v.oundt> of the Indian's, and
to quiet their trot 's on the ground of political,
bocidl, and civil libeity, he v.as ¡sute the House
and the countiy loiii would aus> am the commit-
tee
Mr L" certainly never thought, four years ago,
that it wou >l fall 'o hn, I >i to pi esent a memorial
to fint llouse, having foi us o! ]ect to facilitate
the ren'ovji t i* an Indian tube Ifom the spot 01
then iiuth to t> e rtg.mi west of the Mississippi
As lude dio it enter on mind that he should ever
be le^uct-ted to piesent such a memoual from the
Inoiaiis them-eites, by the delegates and repre
sentatives of a peat tube, <"or that purpose It
had'been h mdtu to bun by three individuals of
high standiiií among then bietliieu, two of whom
were well known by himsell to have leuiamong
thr- most nueliigeiit and active of tneir brethren,
when the great s'.u.d >vas made in favor of what
was ondeisti od by tlw-eori >his sideoi the llouse
to be the tights ot the Indian*, and the duMes of
the Ui if J States towards ti.em. He believed it
was the lesson of wisdom to \ teld to the foice of
C'Hw-iistai ces, and it was Mr. E.'s conviction,
and he bd.cved of those friends who acted with
him on that occasion, tbat it has become unavoid-
ably neceas uy that the Indians should yield to
the  necessity  of their condition     That opinion
239
he!
ri ^ssed in coi unction with those whose '
opinions weie of fat gnalei weight and influence
tuaii his own, even to the I'dians themselves
lie believed H would have been better—and he
mourned it as much as any man could—but he
believed ,t would have been better that they should
hate yielded at that time Ele now believed it
impossible for the Cherohees to enjoy their polit-
ical, social, moial, and leligious lights and pnvi-
legcs, by temamitjg where they were. He be-
lieved, moteovei, that the longer they stayed, the
raore they would tuiTei, and furthei, that the time
n**vei would come in wh'ch they could make bet-
ter teims with the Government than at piesent.
Us was wilhng and anxious that all that was pos-
sible should be done to sooth theo feelings, and
pi event thetr rish'j from ben g infringed upon or
suoverted, ai d it was in the hope thut it was not
too late to effec' this, t nit l,e had made it his duty,
at the tequest of the memoiiaiists, to present their
memorial to the House. If anything could be
done for their relief, he was sure the House would
do all in its power, ai d Set us do all that we can,
said .\li. E , west all lemaiu greatly the debtors
of t! it, unfortunate people.
ill E. concluded by moving that the memorial
and accompanying papers be referred to the Com
motee on lidian Affuiisand printed.
The reference was made accordingly, and the
motion to print was agieed to.
PRESENTATION  OF PETITIONS----AGAIN.
Petition  were further presented by—
Mi   BliRGES, of Rhode Uland;
M.   \OUNG, of Connecticut,
Me-srs.WlIirE,CAMCRCLENG,HAZEL-
TSNC, and WAUL), of New York.
[Mt Wvru pie-.entcd the petition of Clinton
Roosevelt, i f the State of New Ydk, wheiein he
sets toith mat he has discoveied a mode of build-
ing steam vessels of war, which aie capable of
approaching an enemy \ vessel of any force, and
by means oí a toipedo affixed to the prow pio-
jecting under wa'ei, to destroy the vessel attacked
without endangeiing the steam battery. Mr W.
staied that trie peti lonei had furnished certificates
film Piofes.soi-. li°mvnk and Ilackley, of New
Yotk, that they have examined the principle en
whii h this improvement is founded, and that it
appeals to them to he feasible, that they are not
awate of any mipoitant practical difficulties which
would pi event its beirg tarried into effect.
The petition and documents weie referred to
the Committee on Naval Allans ]
.«^i'ol18- WAGENER, BINNEY, BANKS,
McKENNAN, DENNY, and STEWART, of
Pennsylvania;
[Mr. Wagener presented the petition and doc-
umentary evidence of Christiar Bixler.JacobWey-
eandt,  executor of Jacob Weygandt, deceased,
William Brown, administrator of General Robert
Brown, and Jacob Boyer, administrator of Jacob
Dreisback, deceased, sureties of Nicholas Kern,
collector of direct taxes and internal duties during
the war of 1812-15, praying for a passage of
a law to discharge  them fiom all alleged habil   I
Hies under the said bonds.   The purpoitof the I
petition is, that Nicholas Kern, during the late
wai, was appointed collector of direct taxes and ;
internal duties, and the above pel sons became his I
sureties; that theaccounts of Nicholas Kern weie
not sealed until the year I82C, when it appeared
he was a defaulter    Under a wanant from the
Fifth Auditor he was committed to jail, and was
discharged by oidei of thePresident of the Um ed
States.    Suits have now been  instituted  against
the surviving suieties and  the representatives of
those deceased      From the evident gioss negltct '
of the offieeis of Government in  permitting his
accounts to be unsettled for icn years andupvsmds,
and no notice given to the sureties of the debt, and
the probability, had the sureties been apprized of i
the delinquency in a reasonable time, much,' if not
all, might have been recovered, presents a strong
equt'ablecase for the interposition of Congress 1
Mr MILLIGAN, of Delaware;                           ,
Messrs. THOMAS, McKIVJ, and CARMI-
CIIAEL, of Maryland.                                             I
Messrs CHINN.TJEALE, LUCAS.MOORE,
FULTON, GORDON, and WISE, of Virginia;
Messis. GRIFFIN and  FELDER, of South ]
Carolina,
Messis SCHLEY, GILMER, and FOSTER,
of Georgia;
Messis. MARSHALL.-ALLAN.and JOHN-
SON, of Kentucky,
Messrs. PHOMSON, PAITERSON, K1L-
GORE, VANCE, CRANE, and WHITTLE-
SEY, ol Ohio;                                                             I
[Mi. Pattlksou piesented three petitions from
the citizens of the State of Omo, one for the ím-
pioveiient of the haibor at the mouth of Vermil- 1
ion iivci, one for the improvement of the harbor
at Port Clinton, at'd a third for a mail route from
Perrysburgh, in Wood county, to Melrnore, m
Seneca county ]
Messrs. McCARTY, HANNEGAN, and
KiNNARD, of Indiana;
[Mr Kinnard presented the petition and report
of the Leavenworth and Bioommgton Railroad
Company, in the State of Indiana ]
[Mr. VIcCartt presented the petition of sundry
citi7ep<3 of Henry county, Indians, for a post
route frim Kmghtstown to PenJle'on, which, on
his motion, was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.]
Mr PLUMMER, of Mississippi.
[Mr. Plummer presented a memorial of the
p-esident and duectors of the West Feliciana
Railroad Company, asking the grant of a town-
ship of land to aid them in the construction of a
road from S' Francisv ¡lie, in Louisiana, to Wood-
ville, in Mississippi, referí ed to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A oetkion, signed by William Rupe, President,
and S E. Goddard.Secietary, of a meeting of the
settlers on the public lands, praj ing Congress to
extend the pun'S'ons of the preemption act of
June 19 h, 1834, to all actual settleiS pnoi to the
fir-.t of January, 1835, referred to the Committee
on Publ.c Lands
The petition of John Tucker, praying for a pre-
emotion right to enter a quaiter section of land at
the minimum puce of §1 25 per acre; refened to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The petition of Edward Mitchell,praying for a
grant of land as a remuneiation for set vices ren-
deied by his wife, in 1810, m the employ of the
Government, m teaching the art of spinning and
weaving among the Clioctiw Indians, lefened to
the Commi tee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. Picmmee, the petition of
Benjamin Roach, and accompanying documents,
presented at the last session of Congress, praying
permission to relinquish certain lands and locate
others in lieu thereof, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. Plummer "also presented additional testi-
mony in support of the petition
On motion of Mr. Plummer, the following peti-
tions, memorials, and claims, heretofore presented
to the House, were again referred:
The petition of William L. S. Deming, to the
Committee of Clarms;
The petition of the heirs of Henry King, to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
The petition of Right Fore, to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions;
The memorial of the President and Trustees of
Mississippi College;
The memorial of the Trustees of Oakland Col-
lege;
The claim ofrZachanah Dixon; and
The claim of Edwaid Jones, to the Committee
on Public Lands;
The petition of Joseph W. Hegemen;
The petition of John K  Goff;
The petition of the heirs of Colonel John Ellis;
The petition of Woodson Wren; and
The petition of Silva le Vick, to the Committee
on Puvate Land Claims;
The petition of John H. Horn,to theCommittee
on Indian Affairs.]
Messrs MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the case of the own-
ers of lots in the village of Peoria, in the State of
Illinois, with accompanying documents from the
honorable the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. R.
observed that this village was the first place set-
tled in the Illinois countty, and that the citizens
had not yet obtained a right to their property in
said village. The only request was for "a small
appropriation, to enable the surveyor general to
survey the lots, whereupon patents would issue.
He also presented the papers of Captain Stacy
McDonongh, of Illinois, showing that he was
entitled to a pension for his wounds received in
the year 1793 ]
Messrs. MARDIS and MURPHY, of Ala-
bama;
Mr  BULL, of Missoun; and
Mr. RENCHER, of Noith Carolina.
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately lefened.
Mr. POPE gave notice that he would, on next
Wednesday week, move the House to resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on th  state
of the Union, for the purpose of considering bill
No 342, in relation to the Louisville and Portland
Canal.
Mr CHILTON gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, move the House to go into com-
mittee on the bill to extend the provisions of the
act of 1832, granting pensions to the officers and
soldiers of the revolution. Mr. C. presented an
amendment to said bill which was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PLUMMER, by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolutions; which were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law authorizing Isaac Richmond, Jonah
White, Con way Oldham, Daniel Richmond, David
Clay, Ignatius Bankston, Samuel Hackenbury,
Jefferson Clay, George Simmons, Samuel B. Par-
rish,Thomas C McMackin, David Mobray,and
John Balfour, and others, persons who were enti-
tled to preemption rights to eighty acres of land,
under the provisions of an act of Congress, passed
on the 2Ü day of March, 1833, entitled "an act
supplementary to the several Jaws for the sale of
public lands," and were prevented from making
their entries under said ac', m consequence of a
decision of the officers of Government against their
rights, to enter in lieu thereof the same quantity of
unappropriated land elsewhere, within the same
land district, at the minimum price of §1 25 per
acre; and that the accompanying documents be
refened to said committee.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
íeferr.ng so much of the act entitled " An act sup-
plemental to the several laws for the sale of public
lands," approved April 5th, 1832, as provides
that " no person shall be pei muted to enter more
