1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL'OBE.
141
defence of which has been so utterly neglected, is
practicable to vessels drawing any depth of water,
and that the city of New York and the navy-
yard attached to it, are utterly without defence,
against an enemy making his attack in that direc-
tion.
And will this House leave that city exposed to
this danger by striking out the appropriation?
That city, sir, which is one of the greatest com-
mercial maris, if not the greatest commercial mart
in the world; that city where two-thirds of your
revenueure collected, and,consequently, two-thirds
of all imports from abroad are received; that city,
which is daily receiving the rich freights of the
South, and the innumerable cargoes of the East;
that city, into which are pouring every hour of
the day, by means of the Hudson, and by the
northern and western canals, and by the Ohio
canals, and the great lakes, the vast productions
of the North and of the West. All these, sir, are
constantly accumulating in this great market. And
to whom do they belong? Not to New York city
alone, but to the planter of the South, the farmer
and manufacturer of the East, and of the North,
and of the West. And is it not the interest of the
nation, and the duty of this House, to protect
their property? But there is a more solemn duty
than this imposed upon this House. The city of
New York contains nearly threehundred thousand
people. If there be any use in fortifications at
all; if the men of this city are to have'anything
more than their naked breasts to present to an
et emy, come with what force, and in what man-
nei he may, then have they a right to expect of
you the defence of their wives, their children, and
their firesides, by this appropriation; and they do
expect it.
Mr. FERRIS followed on the same side of the
question, and dwelt at considerable length on the
preponderating commercial consequence of New
York, the great proportion of revenue which she
yields to the General Government, and.the justice
of that Government securing to her an efficient
protection from foreign aggression. Mr. F. went
into an examination and review of the objections
advanced by the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Parker] to the appropriation, in the course
of which he referred to various documents and
reports from the departments of the Government.
He referred to the landing of General Hovw and
the British army under his command on this point
during the war of the Revolution, and glanced at
some of the historical facts connected with that
period. He said New York had contributed largely
and liberally to her own defence, and the question
for the House was, whether this three hundred
thousand of our people were entitled to this small
appropriation m aid of their common defence.
Mr. POLK said he rose simply to repeat the
facts under which this appropriation was placed in
the bill. On a former occasion he had opposed an
appropriation for this work. But then the House
solemnly determined to proceed with the work.
It was now inserted accordingto the estimate of
the department, and the question seemed to be
whether this appropriation should be made or the
money already expended on the work be thrown
to the winds. Mr. P. addressed some further
explanatory remarks on the object of the appro-
priation, and
Mr. FERRIS supplied some omissions which
he had made in his topographical description of
the assailable points of the city and vicinity of
New York.
Mr. BATES said he recollected that the other
day, when the proposition was made by his col-
league [Mr. E. EvEaETT] for an appropriation for
Fort Independence, in Boston harbor, it met with
opposition from a quarter where it was least ex-
pected. The amount of United States shipping
and property in that harbor could not secure that
appropriation. Now, (said Mr. B.,) I am in favor
of this appropriation, which is precisely analo-
gous to that proposed for Fort Independence; and
in order to show the consistency of gentlemen
on the question, he would ask for the yeas and
nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL spoke against the amend-
mentand in favor of retaining the appropriation m
the bill. He referred to the remark of the gentle-
man from New Jeraey [Mr. Parker] in relation to
the protection afforded by tftedanger of navigating
the Hurlgate. That gentleman must be aware
that, at certain periods of the tide, that place was
perfectly safe and harmless in navigation. It was
navigated daily by vessels bearing the commerce
of his own State, (Connecticut,) and steamboats
to and from the city of New York. He thought
the fortification highly essential to his own con-
stituents, as well as to the citizens of New York,
and others.
Mr. PARKER explained. He had not denied
that, at a certain state of the wind and tide, this
place could be passed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG alluded to the remark of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dates,]
who had demanded the yeas and nays iii order to
convict members of inconsistency. Mr. C. said
there was an appropriation already passed in the
bill, for the benefit of Boston harbor, precisely
analogous t3 this one. That proposed for the
reconstruction of Fort Independence could not
properly be so consideted.
Mr. BATES said, the only difference was, that
one appropriation was contained in the bill as
reported, and the other was not.
Mr. EVEK.ETT, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House for a few minutes in explanation of his
views of these appropriations.
Mr. WARD WELL said, it seemed the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] had de-
manded the yeas and nays in order to test the
votes of the New York delegation. .He did not
regret this. He was free to confess that he voted
against the proposition to rebuild Fort Independ-
ence because it had not come to the House rec-
ommended by the proper committee. With regard
to the appropriation under discussion, it was not
a matter of any peculiar personal interest to him-
self or his immediate constituents, as he came from
the interior of the State. The subject, however,
he was aware, was vitally important to the com-
merce of Massachusetts and Connecticut—much
more so than to the people of New York.
Mr FERRIS rose to make a further reference
to a report of the Board of Engineers, which he
read.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, said he per-
fectly coincided with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wardwell,] as to the importance of
this work to his constituents, as well as to others;
and he assured him that he should take pleasure
in recording his vote in favor of the appropriation.
He was not sorry the yeas and nays had been
demanded. But the gentleman had said the
appropriation for Fort Independence, in Boston
harbor, had not been recommended by a proper
committee. He would ask what committee could
be more appropriate for a military work than that
on military affairs? They had recommended it;
but it would be impossible to procure justice on
this point, until Congress should determine to pay
some respect to the recommendations of the engi-
neers employed by the Government.
Mr. DICKINSON said, at the last session of
Congress there were some principles laid down
by it, which he would now gladly see acted upon;
one of which was to build no more forts until
those which are already built and decaying were
armed. He said while there was a speck of war
discernible in our political horizon, he thought it
would better become the nation to look to her
immediate and important points of defence, and
equip her forts already erected, than to attempt
new ones. He would choose, too, to see both our
Army and Navy composed of American citizens,
which was far from being the case at present, par-
ticularly the latter, as he was credibly informed
that from a boatswain downwards our Navy con-
sisted of three Englishmen to one native-born cit-
izen ! He hoped the House would sustain itself
in its former principles by rejecting not only this
appropriation, but that for Boston also.
Mr. WARD, of New York, said he should de-
tain the House with only a few observations upon
the amendment under consideration. He would
not have said a word on the subject, but for the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] which he considered as
rather invidious towards the New York delegation.
That honorable gentleman had called for the
yeas and nays on the question, for the purpose, he
said, of showing the consistency of gentlemen on
the question—most of the members from New
York having, as he alleged, voted against the
appropriation for Fort Independence-, m Boston
harbor. Thatopposition,thegentlemanremarked,
came from an unexpected quarter, and he now
seemed desirous of ascertaining whether a ques-
tion in which the State of New York is, in like
manner, interested, the delegation from New York
would vote for or against the proposition. This
charge of inconsistency, Mr. W. said, would not
apply to him, for he had voted for the appro-
priation alluded to, though, on reflection, he was
led to-doubt the propriety of that vote, for the
reason that the appropriation had not been recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to which the investigado  of the subject properly
belonged. But, after hearing the argument on the
subject, in the Committee of the Whole, he was
induced to vote for it, chiefly by the consideration
that it was highly important to put the city of
Boston in a perfect state of defence. It was his
wish that no distinction should ever be made be-
twixt one State and another, as to the fortification
of our sea-board. Mr. W. said he would take '
this occasion to declare that he would vote for no
appropriation the sole object of which" was merely
to benefit a State by the expenditure of public
money within its limits, and he had no doubt that
every member of the House would join him in the
declaration. The decision of this question, there-
fore, would not be governed by any such policy.
The expenditure of $30,000, which is the whole
sum proposed in the State of New York, was not
an object, in that point of view, worthy of the
slightest consideration. He believed that the com-
pletion of the fort atThrog's neck was essential
to the defence of a city which was the acknowl-
edged commercial emporium of our country, and
for that reason alone, he should vote against the
motion to strike out this appropriation.            *
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Dickinson] seemed to think that we should go on
to complete the works already commenced before
we begin any others, and that we should rely for
our own defence from foreign aggression, not upon
fortresses, but the stout hearts and strong arms of
our citizens. Mr. W. differed with his honora-
ble friend. He considered, he said, that men of
the strongest nerves, sometimes, and under certain
circumstances, required a shelter from the enemy.
It was, he thought, undisputed, that skilful and
scientific fortifications were one of the cheapest, as
well as most efficient modes of defence. By a
proper system of fortifications, our cities and har-
bors would be defended at a less expense, both of
life and treasure, than by the bare exposure to the
enemy of the freeman's breast. The fort on
Thcog's Neck was not a new work, as the honora- *
blegentleman supposed. It had already been com-
menced, and it belonged to the plan of fortifica-
tions recommended under a former Administration,
for the defence of our commercial cities, by a dis-
tinguished, individual, now a member of the other
branch of our national Legislature, and then at
the head of the War Department, [Mr. Calhoun,]
a plan which that gentleman and his friends have
great reason to be proud of, and which, if ever
carried into full effect, would secure our widely
extended country from the insults and assaults of
any foreign force. All that was left for Congress
to do was to carry out the noble system which had
already been begun, and in a few years our cities
and harbors, with the vast amount of property
always collected in them, in the security of which
the citizens of every part of ourcountry are deeply
and directly interested, will be placed beyond the
reach of danger from foreign hostility; whereas a
neglect of these defences would invite and facilitate
aggression.
It was said that we required no forts for our
security. To this remark he would barely reply
that it would be difficult to satisfy the enlightened
representatives of a great and free people at this
day, that we could, with safety, dispense with
these means of national defence. He would not
now enter into a discussion of the general ques-
tion, whether fortifications were necessary to na-
tional defence, for it was sufficient to say that,
from the earliest period of which we have any
record .down to the present time, all civilized na-
tions have relied upon them in a great measure
for their security from invasion and assault.    Ha
