U4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
yry Department, and found that no provision had
been made toi tins object
The amendment was negatived without a divis-
ion
The clause") for salaries of foreign Ministers
and chaig&s d'affaues then came under consider-
ation
Mi. J. Q.. AD VMS asked, why it was that an
appropriation was inserted lor a charge d'affaires
to Buenos Ayres? There was no such officei
there Mr. A said, lie had last year made a mo-
tion to strike out this item, on the ground that
there not only was no such minister there, but
under the then existing cncumstances,he thought
it highly improper that there should be. But
that appropriation was passed; and if it had not
been diverted to some other purpose, he again
asked why this was mseited in tne bill' Mr. A
also alluded to the outfit appropriated last year
for a minister to London, where no minister had
resided
Mr POLK said, in relation to the $,9,000appro-
priated last year for a minister to England, he
would send to the table of the Clerk a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, which accounted
for the expenditure of #6,G83 50, for the pay of a
charge d'affaires at that Court, leaving a balance
of #3,317 50, which was paid over to the surplus
fund Wuh legald to the mission to Buenos
Ayres, he had sought no information on the sub-
ject from the depaitment, and had, therefore,
received none
Mr. ADAMS said the explanation was not sat-
isfactory. He wished the House distinctly to
know what they appropriated money for, and
how it was expended.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, if the facts weie as
stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts, it
ought to be stricken out; but he hoped the gen-
tleman would permit it to go to the House, and
there act upon it.
Mr ARCHER agreed with the gentleman from
Massachusetts in the propriety of ■sinking out this
appropriation. We had a right to suppose the
money to be then in the Treasuiy: as the appro-
priation had been made, the depaitment had no
right to divert it to another puipose. If such had
been done, it was lime to maik it with a distinct
brand of reprobation.
Mr POLK begged to inquire of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Anoint] if it was within his
own knowledge that the money appropnated for
this object had been expended in some 'other
foreign mission'
Mr ARCHER intimated that the question
should be addressed not to him, but to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. POLK then begged to inquire of that gen-
tleman.
Mr. JOHN aUINCY ADAMS then said he
inferred as much, because it had not been expended
in the manner and for the object directed by Con-
gress.
Mr POLK then said it was an inference, and
an inference drawn without facts. The gentlemen
were not authorized to draw a conclusion either
that the money has been, or that it would be,
expended in any object other than that for which
it was intended. Mr. P. begged foi leave to differ
with the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts—distinguished in his acquitments in"
foreign diplomacy, that the appropriation for the
mission to England had been diverted from its
purpose We had a mimetei in Great Britain of
the second grade, who was entitled to half the
salary given to one of the first grade Congress
had made an anpropuation for a minister of the
latter grade; and from circumstances which needed
not then to be adverted to, the Government could
not pay a full minister; but did it follow that we
were to be unrepresented> Mr P made some
further explanation on this point. With regard
to the item for the charge at Buenos Ayres, he
would only remark, that it was submitted among
the regular annual estimates, furnished by the
head of the department; and after the very elab-
orate discussion of last year, he had not sup-
posed the question would have been again re-
agitated
Mr. P. concluded by saying, that if no good
reason could be assigned why the item should be
Btrieken out, he hoped the committee would suffer
it to remain as it stood He would pledge himself
that if additional information should be lequired,
he would, when the^ bill came into the House,
endeavor to procured
ftlr. ARCHER said if he understood the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means, it was to
bepiepaied to answer all mteriogatones on the
subjects introduced, and recommended by them
He asked what had become of the appropnaiion
made last year, and he was answered that it was
incumbent on ihegentlemanfrom Massachusetts to
answer the mquny. it was known that an appro-
priation was made for a minister to Buenos Ayres
last year, and it was notpietended that a Minister
had been sent theie, and he would ask what had
become of the money > It certainly had not been
applied to the use for which it was intended, and
why weie they called upon to make it again ' Mi.
A was by no means disposed to bring a chaige
of malfeasance upon the Administration^ since it
might be an oversight, but he was not disposed to
vote an appropriation twice ovei for the same ob-
ject. He hoped they were not yet limited to such
subserviency. It the House should b'mdly vo'e
on this item, the oigan of the Admimstiation
would only have to get up in his place, and pio-
pose any measure, and that would be a sufficient
reason for its adoption.
Mr CAMBRELENG hoped that no por'tor of
the Hoube were liable to the chaige of subseivi-
ency.                                     t
Mr ARCHER disclaimed having madeany per-
sonal or general allusion to the members of the
House
Mi. CAMBRELENG continued He thought
the mattei before them was one about which
there ought to be no difference of opinion. It
was certainly not one worthy of a long debate
The gentleman from Massachusetts nad reminded
the committee that a similar appropnation was
made last year, which still íemained in the Treas-
ury. With that knowledge, it cerlain'y ought not
to be appropriated again, but it ought not to be
struck out upon the piesaroption that the appio-
pnation had been misapplied by the department.
Whether it was struck out or not, as not iniporw-
tant, as we should have the necessary information
before it would be acted on in the Hou-.e He
had hoped the gentleman fiom Massachusetts
would have deferred his motion till that time, but
it was not material
After some further debate, the question was
taken on the amendment of Mr J Q. Adams, to
strike out all that \ art of the clause relating to
Buenos Ayres, anil agreed to
Mr. POLK pioposed an additional clause,
making an appropriation for the outfit of a minis-
ter to Spain, $9,000.
He produced a letter fiom the depaitment,
stating that the present minister to Spnm had oo-
tained leave to return home, and would doubtless
avail himself of the oppoiiunity
The amendment was agi eed to
Mr POLK moved to insert " Portugal" m the
provision " for outfits of tne charge d'affaires to
Piussii and Venezuela," and ms'ead of "nine,"
insert " thuteen thousand dollars "
Mr J. Q, ADAMS asked whether this appio-
pnation for a mission to Venezuela was nota new
one
Mr. CAMBRELENG answered he believed it
was.
Mr J. Q. ADAMS «aid, on a former occasion,
a debate aiose in the House, as to tht location or
existence of the Republic of Colombia It was
then settled down to New Granada,and he wanted
some fuither information on the subject of this
Government of Venezuela—whether it was recog-
nised by the Piesident, or whethei it was of suffi-
cient lmnortance to command two missions
Mr CAMBRELENG said, he should leave the
gentleman from Virginia to adjust the geograph-
ical question with the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, which had been raised last >eai,and with
which he had nothirg to do But as it regarded
the propiic!,y of sending a minister to Venezuela,
he would state his opinion tnat in a commercial
view, a charge d'affaires to that Government was
far moie important than to any one of the three
into which Colombia had been divided He hoped
the piovision would be retained
Mr. ARCHER concurred m the opinion of the
gentleman fiom New Yoik, near him, [Mr Gam-
ereleng,] that an agent at Venezuela was of more
importance to our commene than to any other of
the new ¡south American States
The amendment of Mr. POLK was then agreed
to.
Mr SEVIER moved to strike out two thousand
dollars out of the appropriation foi the Terntoiy
of Arkansas, making it nine instead of "eleven
thousand dollars "                                           %
After some conversation between Messrs. SE-
VIER and POLK, the amendment was agreed to
Mr. L\ON, of Michigan moved an addition 1
appropriation for the expenses of that govei nment,
but the motion was lost.
Mr PlNCKNEY moved to amend the bill by
making an appropriation of $20,000 for the pui-
chase of a building*i>i Chaileston, for the use of
the Fedeial court, and tor a jail
Mi FOSTER said he would merely remark,
that this subject had been under consideiation
before the Committee on the Judiciary, and was
there disapproved
The question being taken, the amendment was
lost.
The bill being laid aside,
The committee then, on motion of Mr FOS-
TER, took up the bill to make additional com-
pensation to the dish let attorney, for the distuct
of South Carolum
Mi PlNCKNEY moved an amendment, in-
eietismg the pay ot the a'torney §400 instead of
$i200, as  provided by the bill
Negatived
The bill was then laid aside
The committee, on motion of Mr FOSTER,
proceeded to consider the bill allowing additional
salaiy to the maishal of the dibtnct of Dt laware;
aftei which,
The commi'tee rose, leported the bills to the
Houee, (the former as amended.) when
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Januaiy 21, 1835.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
the hens of Noah Brown and otheis, piayiog
remuneiation foi the depreciation oí certain Treas-
uiy notes, which was referied to the Committee
on Chums
Mi FRELINGHUYSENpresented thememo-
lial of John Ross and othei head men of theCher-
okee tribe of Indians, residing east of the Missis-
sippi rrver.
Mr F. said that the memorialists stated the
situation of their uffaus with the State of Georgia
—that they had now ¡eached that crisis which
lequned the interposition of the Government of
the United States They proposed to Congress
If purchase their territory, and cede the same to
Groigia, and upon this Government doing so,
they proposed to submit to the laws of Georgia—
that they had come to the deliberate determination
not to remove west of the Mississippi, but intended
to remain, and proposed, under suitable guaran-
tees, to become citizens of Geoigia, and to be
entitled to all the pnvileges, political as well as
others, to which citizens of that State were enti-
tled. And tlujy proposed to this Government to
make such arrangements with Georgia as would
secure to them tnese pnvileges. lie moved the
leference of the memorial to the Committee on In-
dian Affai.s, and that it be ordered to be printed;
which was agreed to
The VIC E PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter from the Wai Department, communicating
the names of the clerks employed in that depart-
ment for the year 1834, with the compensation
paid to each.
Also, another letter fiom the War Department,
transmitting a statement of the expenses for con-
tingencies of the Army for the year 1834
Also, another letter from the War Department,
containing an abstract of all the licenses which
have been granted to trade with the Indians; which
communications were seveially laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr PORTER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reponed a bill for the relief of Maiy
O'Sulhvan
