1835.
known The motion under consideration wasdue
to the House and due to the gentleman from New
York, and Mr C could perceive no objection in
adopting it. He would also state further, that the
question of the committee's right to elect a chair-
man was discussed there, and assented to unani-
mously They proceeded to an election, and the
former chairman [Mr. Everett] himself an-
nounced to the gentleman from New York that he
was duly elected Mr C must respond to the
gentleman from Virginia that it was a matter of
no consequence further than as related to personal
feelings, and he would say that a deep wound
had been inflicted upon his own, but that was not
a matter for the House When the question
came up in its proper shape, he should be pre-
pared to give the House the views he entertained
upon it
Mr ARCHER obtained the floor, but yielded
it at the request of
Mr JARV1S, who said- Mr Speaker, I should
not have thought of addressing the House again
upon this subject, were it not for some observa-
tions which fellfrom the gentleman from Virginia,
who is one of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
with myself. The gentleman made an attack upon
me, and upon the majority of that committee, in
giving his reasons for voting as he did. I under-
stood the gentleman to say he voted as he did,
because he considered it wou d be a violation of
delicacy and propriety to vote otherwise
Mr. PATTON disclaimed "having used such
language, and explained
Mr JARVIS The gentleman, however, did
use the words "uncalled for," "unjust," and
" improper," in reference to this subject. Now,
sir, a majority of the committee do not seem to
think it was "uncalled for," because the ques-
tion,on going into the election of a chairman, was
unanimous. That it was neither "unjust" nor
"improper," in their opinion, may be inferred
from the course taken by the committee, and I
will state id a few words what it was that actuated
me. I consider that the chairman of the various
committees of this House ought to be men in a
certain degree in confidential relation with the
executive branches of the Government, or at least
such as the latter may enter Into confidential rela-
tions with. I conceive that the chairman of a
committee ought not to be a man who has shown
frota first to last an unrelenting hostility to the
Administration, and who, on every occasion, has
endeavored to thwart it The gentleman from
Virginia, with his very delicate notions, may think
it pioper and right to embarrass the Administra-
tion Dy electing such a chairman, I do not think
so. The gentleman has said, that if this election
should come on m this Houie, he should again
vote for the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr
Everett] as chairman of the committee I am
very glad to know beforehand how that gentle-
man intends to vote The gentleman says that a j
majority concurred with the honorable member
from Massachusetts Here is a point of fact upon ,
which we are distinctly at issue, for I repeat it j|
was not so There were two distinct questions j
brought before the commiuee, and both of them I,
voted down On the first question the gentleman \<
fiom Massachusetts and the gentleman from Vir- |
gima voted in the majority, on the second ques-i
tioi they voted in the minority Sir, I voted
against both pioposmons I voted against the
first because I thought that at the present time
it went rathei too fai, and I voted against the
second because it did not go far enough—neither
of them met my views of policy, but if 1 had been
obliged to determine between them, I should have
certainly piefened the epigram of the President
to the madngal of ti e gentleman fiom Virginia.
This latter gentleman broiijht his proposition a
second lirae before the committee, and it «ras post-
poned, "it was the opinion of tne committee that
if we intended to do nothing, the propel couise
would be to say nothing, and not issue a leport to
the world which should enable the disaffected to
rn-ske it speak any language they thought proper
Si>-, t am \eiy glad to'hear from tnit gentleman
that it was not the intention of ary one on the
committee to do otherwise than respond to the
sentiments embiaced in the Piesident's message
1 am vei y happy to hear it, though I did not know
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
that was the case; for I thought there was a dis-
position to gue us something of the " milk and
water" kind, which I believe the President has not
been in the habit of giving us. The gentleman
seemed to think that it was proper in the begin-
ning of the session to have a chairman of the com-
mittee thinking with the Administration, but he
seemed to think it proper in the middle of the ses-
sion to have one who thought entirely different
from the Administration. What kind of a chair-
man the gentleman would wish to have at the end
of it, we do not know.
Mr PATTON Not such a chairman as the
gentleman from Maine would make, at any period
of the session. There is one remark made by that
gentleman, to which I beg leaveto say a few words
in reply. He says, or seems to say, or seems to
wish it to be understood that he supposes that I
desire the appointment of a chairman wljo would
throw embarrassment in the way of the Admin-
istration and for that end Sir, events are too
recent in the knowledge of this House and of this
Congress, to give any point to such an imputation
as that 1 stood here during the last session, in a
position, and pursued a course, which will pre-
vent any insinuation of that sort from having any
weight here or elsewhere. Sir, I stood here in
vindication of this Administration from assaults
of the most violent character, in opposition to
two-thirds of the Legislature of my native State.
I made that vindication undercircumstances which
I knew at the time involved great personal sacri-
fices; I regarded all but "as dust in the balance"
in the discharge of my public duty
Mr Speaker, 1 have never stood here, nor ever
will stand here, as long as those who send me
shall continue to honor me with their confidence,
either to throw embarrassment in the way of any
Administration, or to comply with base subservi-
ency to all the edicts of this or any Administration.
In the performance of my duty on this floor, I
care not who or what the Administration are. I
come here to represent the people who sent me
here, to sustain their rights and interests, and to
vindicate the Constitution of my country from
assaults made upon it, whether they come from the
Administration orareaimed atthe Administration
Sir, I think in general it was best that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, as of
most of the committees of this House, should
concur, in general political sentiment, with the
majority of the House, and especially that that
should be the case in relation to so important a
one as the committee in question, because the
chairman of that committee is supposed, by usage
of the House, and perhaps by propriety itself, to
be on terms of more confidential intercourse and
communication with the Secretary of Foreign Af-
fairs, who might make his communications through
a gentleman who stood in that political relation.
But tms is a matter of little importance. [ saw
no necessity for cashiering our chairman. Al-
though that gentleman is a political opponent of
the Administration, I presume he is so conscien-
tiously—and it gives me pleasure to say, that so
far as I know, or have seen, he has conducted
himself in opposition with the dignity and bpint of
a gentleman. I did think, and do now think, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts, as far as I could
ascertain his views, did corcur m opinion with a
majority of the committee
The gentleman from Maine has undertaken to
throw out anothei remark, which I suppose he
considers witty and sarcastic. But he should
bear m mind, that wit and sarcasm are always
pointless unless sharpened by truth I ask, what
ground is there for the giatuitous and insolent
insinuation------•
The CHAIR here interposed and called the
gentleman to order
Mr PATTON     For the insinuation that my
opinions can never be known till I have voted   A
frank disclosure of my opinions  upon political
questions has been my misfortune     It is nota   |
fault   1 have net ei waited, as some politicians do,
toseewhiuh way the wind blows, for God knows ¡j
I ara ahta>t, willing to give a free and frank ex-
pression of my sentiments    It would befoitunate,  |
perhaps, if we couid know what some gentlemen's
opinions were even afta theyhal toted, for since
we are giving toe experience of the committee u
upon this subject, it may not be amiss, perhaps,
to remind the gentleman from Maine, that he was
one of those who voted against the recommenda-
tion for reprisals, when the question was first put,
and he himselfafterwards moved to reconsider that
tote. Whether that reconsideration was prompted
by a change of opinion or not, I confess I have
no means of knowing, except from the gentleman
from NewYoik, who informs us that the com-
mittee are unanimous that there ought to be no
reprisals Now, except as far as we can judge
from thevotes which thegentlemanhas given,and
from information derived from the gentleman
from New York, the gentleman from Mame left
us at a loss to know what his opinion was when
ne first voted, and what his opinion may be now.
I regret that anything of a personal character
should have been brought into this discussion;
and before I sit down, I beg leave to discharge
myself fiom any imputation of having, in the
slightest degree, any intention of making any re-
flection whatsoever upon the committee I stated
this explicitly at the outset of my remarks They
have precisely the same right to their opinion as
i I have to mine, and I have precisely the same
right to my own opinions that they haveto theirs
I intended no reflection upon them. I again,
however, repeat that I do not concur with the
committee m their course, which I think was cal-
culated to inflict a wound on the feelings of, and
an unmerited reflection upon, the gentleman from
Massachusetts. If those who voted in the ma-
jority did not think so m carrying out then view,
they had so expressed their opinion.
Mr ARCHER rose and said, he had not, thus
far, taken any part in this discussion, which had
taken a wide and unparalleled range; but circum-
stances seemed to call upon him for the expres-
sion of his opinion on some of the points which
it involved. He would ask if any such office or
officer as "chairman of the committee," was
known or recognised by the House? He believed
not. It was the whole committee to which the
House looked as one of its instruments or agents.
Put the question on the strongest possibleground:
suppose a committee to be constituted in theusual
manner, of which the gentleman first named is
considered, by usage, the chairman. Suppose the
committee to displace that individual, and elect
another Would it be contended that it was not
competent for them to do so' Again it being
known that the duties of the chairman of a com-
mittee were much more onerous than those of any
other member, suppose they should come to the
humane conclusion that it was unfair to impose all
those duties on one individual, and should agree
that they should be performed consecutively by
all the members of the committee, each individual
taking his regular turn in the chair, would any
one on that floor contend that it was not compe-
tent for them to do so' But when there was a
removal of the head of the committee from his
station, as was the case in the present instance,
by the transfer of his esteemed friend from Geor-
gia [Mr. Wayne] to another sphere of action,
what was the evident and obvious course for the
committee to pursue' Precisely what it had done
—to proceed to the election of another chairman.
They had a right to do so, and they had done it.
That House had no cognizance of the acti and
doings of committees further than they weie
reported to it.
Mr. A. said, gentlemen were mistaken when
they averred that no precedent existed on this sub-
ject. Such a precedent did exist. He could not
determine positively the year in which it occurred;
but he distinctly remembered that a foimer col-
league of his, (the late Mr Randolph,) in conse-
quence of some change m the political relations of
the country, was, by oneimpoitant standing com-
mittee of the House, in consequence of the occur-
rence of a vacancy, elected as their chairman.
When you appoint a committee, you constitute
an organ capable of making its own subordinate
regulations. Mr A. said, he admitted with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Coulter] that
it w as incumbent on tl e committee i n this case, as
that did in the case oí the late Mr Randolph, to
repoi t the fact of the election to the House Had
they done so, it would htfve superseded the neces-
sity of this debate.   It was still competent for
