150                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          January 21,
them to do bo, and he'suggested to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] the propriety
of withdrawing his motion, in order to give the
committee an opportunity to take this course.
Mr. ADAMS said, it would give him pleasure
to gratify the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Archer,] if he could, by that course, attain his
object. But he could not consent to withdraw his
motion untii he could ascertain who was the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Aifairs. The
gentleman from New York himself, [Mr. Cam-
breleng,] had admitted that he received only four
votes, which was a minority of the committee.
Mr. A. said, he had made a motion to that effect,
and he wished to see it recorded on the Journal
of the House, that Edward Everett, of Massa-
chusetts, or Churchill C. Cambreleng, of New
York, was chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. A. continued. When he first rose he had
distinctly stated that his object in rising was to
propound a question to the chairman of that com-
mittee. It became necessary for him, first to as-
certain who that chairman was. Hence this inqui-
ry. The subject on which he desired to propound
hisquestion, was the very important one so often
alluded to in this debate. It related to our affairs
with France—that part of the President's mes-
sage being referred to that committee. He wished
to know what that committee had done—what it
was doing—and what it intended to do in relation
ihereto. But he was now unable to put thatques-
tion. The gentleman from Virginia had said that
every member of a committee could be its chair-
man—sometimesoneand sometimesanother. He
knew no such rule or practice.
Mr. ARCHER explained. He had-said that it
was competent for committees to elect their own
chairman, and he read Jefferson's Manual to that
effect. In standing committees the gentleman
first named thereon was considered as the chair-
man by courtesy, and discharged the duties ac-
coidingly.
Mr. ADAMS resumed. Such was not the rule
of that House, and no such usa^e having obtained
there, he had two objections to it. First, the
displacement of a chairman was, he would not
say an insult to the individual holding the station,
but it evidently conveyed a censure on his con-
duct or opinions. Secondly, it was calculated to
display an improper, dishonorable,and degiading
subserviency on the part of that House towards-
the Executive or Administration. This doctrine
was entirely new to him, and he thought it due to
the dignity and honor of" that llouse to repudiate
it. He asked where was the rule by which com-
mittees of that llouse were to be made to coincide
in and support all the views oí the Administra-
tion, especially when those views involved the
great questions of peace and war? He knew of
none—but he well knew of instances where a con-
trary practice had obtained. Mr. A. said that
during the administration of Mr. Monroe, when
he was himself at the head of the Department of
State, the individual placed by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives as chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, was not only
decidedly hostile to the Administiation, but him-
self and that individual were not then on speaking
terms. These facts, Mr. A. said, the Speaker at
that time knew, but he had never entertained an
idea of complaining that the Speaker had done in-
justice to the Administration in the selection. The
business between the department and the com-
mittee was as well transacted through the medium
of other individuals. Mr. A. asked what must be
the result of this principle, if carried out and per-
sisted in? Evidently to place that House at the
feet of the Executive.
Mr. ARCHER said thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] was correct in point of
fact. The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs had been opposed to the Administration,
prior to his own appointment to that station.
Mr. ADAMS was glad to hear the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Archer] confirm the asser-
tion. Fur his own purt, he knew the fact. This*
new principle, he contended, was a most danger-
ous one—calculated to prostrate that House before
executive domination. He wished it to be distinctly
understood that he made no personal objection
to the honorable member from New York. Let
the chairman be ever so much a friend of the
Administration, it constituted no objection: but it
was the rule that he must be of such particular
political complexion, which he denounced as odi-
ous and inadmissible. He would havethat House,
in point of fact, as it was in name, one of the most
dignified bodies on the face of the globe. He
wovild have its committees appointed, neither with
a view to their opposition or adhesion to any
Administration.
Mr. A. said, before he sat down, he felt that he*
ought to confirm the remark made by his honora-
ble colleague, [Mr. E. Everett,] by stating that
he had brought this subject before the House,
without any recommendation or concurrence on
his [Mr. E.'s'] part, but rather in opposition to
that gentleman's wishes. I had determined, (said
Mr. A.,).as soon as I heard—not from him, for
it was common rumor—of the change in the head
of the committee, to have the subject investigated. ,
And when I reflected that the individual whose
rights and feelings were more particularly impli-
cated, was my colleague and friend, I came to the
conclusion that it became peculiarly my duty to
bring it before the House. I have accordingly
done so. Mr. A. said he still adhered to the opin-
ion, that the four votes given for the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cambreleng] were insuffi-
cient to elect him. He would be perfectly satis-
fied, however, if the llouse would insert the name
of the chairman of that committee on the Journal
He knew not how else to get over the matter. He
said he would conclude by repeating that when he
could ascertain officially who was the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs,he had a ques-
tion to put to him.
Mr. LANE said he had not been able to com-
prehend the object of the distinguished member
from Massachusettts, [Mr. Adams.] He admits
the Committee on Foreign Relations have selected
a chairman. And the object of the motion, as
avowed by the mover, is not to set aside that elec-
tion, but to place the fact upon the Journal of the
House.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Archer] requests his friend to withdraw the. mo-
tion, that the committee may report, which will
place the House in the possession of all the gen-
tleman desires. To this request, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] responds that
he will not withdraw the motion from the House,
because he is not informed who the chairman of
that committee is; that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] was not elected by a
majority of the votes of the committee; that four
votes did not constitute a majority of nine; that,
by the usage of the House, his honorable friend
and colleague [Mr. Everett] was the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts seems
to have forgotten the fact that, upon the ballot by
which the chairman claims to have been elected,'
but seven votes were cast, and that/ow is a major-
ity of seven. The gentleman is eloquentupon the
rights of the majority, and says they have been
disregarded.
Mr. Speaker, that the mnjority ought, in all
cases, to prevail, is a sentiment as deniocratical as
it is patiiotic; and it is a subject of national gratu-
lation to hear it acknowledged even at this late
period of our political history, by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ]
But, sir, while the sentiment is praiseworthy, for
some individuals to invoke a discussion would be
delicate, if not embairassmg. The day has been
when a different piinciple was not only held, but
prevailed m this House—when the minority forced
for the biief period of/our years, a chairman of a
committee constituted of the entire American peo-
ple—a day when the voice of fifteen times forty
thousand freemen was disregarded—a day when
by management,ana by means of which it becomes
us not to speak, eighty four was made to prevail
over ninety-nine.
Sir, (said Mr. L.,) the day has already been
spent in, it is true, an interesting, but in some
respects an unpleasant debate. The time of this
House is the time and the money of the people.
To spend it without any visible or valuable object,
is a sacrifice of the public interest.    To bring it l
to a close, Mr. Speaker, I move you to lay the
motion upon the table.
On this motion, Mr. REED called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. JARVIS appealed to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Lane] to withdraw his motion for
one moment, as he was desirous of making a
single remark on a point implicating his own per-
sonal feelings.
After some hesitation, Mr. LANE withdrew
his motion to lay the subject on the table, on
receiving the pledge of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Jarvis] that he would renew it.
Mr. JARVIS then said the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Patton,] with whom he had ever
been on terms of the most friendly intercourse,
in the progress of his remarks, and in the heat of
debate, had suffered an expression to escape him
which was at least unparliamentary, and he hoped
—indeed he had no doubt, ou cooler reflection, he
, would not hesitate to qualify or retract-------
The SPEAKER'here interposed and stated, that
for the expression alluded to, the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Patton] was called to order by the
Chair, and the Chair had considered it as retracted
by the manner in which that gentleman imme-
diately qualified it.
Mr. JARVIS said, under these circumstances,
he had not another word to add.
Mr. PATTON rose and said he had not retracted
his expression, nor .did he consider itas retracted,
while------
The SPEAKER again repeated that he had so
considered it. He could countenance no such
debate.
Mr. JARVIS, according to his promise, here
renewed the motion of Mr. Lane to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Messrs. ARCflER and ADAMS rose together,
appealing for withdrawal of the motion.
Mr. POLK rose to a question order—the mo-
tion not being debatable.
Mr. JARVIS replied, that the motion belonged
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] and
could not be withdrawn without his consent.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion of Mr. Lane, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John J. Allen, William Allen,
Anthony, Beale, Bean, Blair, Bockee, Boon,
Bouldin, Brown, Burns, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chaney, S. Clark, Coffee, Connor, Cramer, Day,
P. Dickerson, D. W. Dickinson. Dunlap, Ferris,
Fowler, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet,
Gilmer, Graham, Grayson, Joseph Hall,Thomas
H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Joseph M. Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Hen-
derson, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Inge,
Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson,
B.  Jones, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, La-
porte, Lea, T. Lee, Loyall, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah
Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, John Y. Mason,
Moses Mason, May, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,
McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Robert
Mitchell, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Osgood, Parks,
Parker, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Peyton,
Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Pmckney, Plummer,
Polk, Pope, Ramsay, Reynolds, Schenck, Schley,
Augustus H. Shepperd, Shinn, Smith, Speight,
Standifer, Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Thomson, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Wege-
ner, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, Whallon,White
—109.
NAYS—Messrs. J. a. Adams, Heman Allen,
C.  Allan, Archer, Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Barrin-
ger, Bates, Baylies, Beatty, Binney, Briggs, Burd,
Burges, Bynum, Cage, Chambers, Chilton, Clai-
borne, Wm. Clark, Clayton, Ciowney, Coulter,
Crane, Darlington, Amos Davis, Davenport, De-
berry, Denny, Dickson, Evans, Horace Everett,
Ewing, Felder, Fillmore, Foster, Philo G. Fuller,
Gamble, Gholson, Gordon, Gorham, Grennell,
Griffiii, Hiland H. Hall,Hannegan,Hard,Hardin,
James Harper,' Hazeltme, Heath, Hiester, Wil-
liam Jacks.on, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes, William
Cost Johnson, Henry Johnson, King, Lay,
Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Lucas, Manning,
Martindale, Maishall, McComas, McKennan,
Mercer, Milligan, Miner,Moore, Patton, Phillips,
Pickens, Potts, Reed, Rencher, Robertson, Wil-
liam B. Shepard, Slade, Sloane, Spangler, Steele,
