1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Í5Í
William P Taylor, Tompkins, Trumbull, Tur-
ner, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Fred-
erick Whittlesey, Williams, Wilson, Young—97
So the House decided to lay the motion of Mr.
Adams on the table.
Mr. MERCER Ihen rose and said he had, in
common with the whole House, regretted to wit-
ness a personal misundeistandmg (the first that
had occurred during the present session) between
two of its respected members. In thus alluding to
the sub]ect, Mr M said, he acted as the friend of
both those honorable individuals He had dis-,
tinctly heard his. colleague [Mr. Patton] make
the remark that he could not retract his expression
while the language of the genjjeman from Maine
[Mr Jirvis] remained in fulITorce Believing,
ashe(VIr Ai ) leally did, that no personal disre-
spect was intended by the gentleman trom Maine
towards his colleague, he had%ought and obtained
assurance of that fact Those honorable gentle-
men wee now fully reconciled, and he was happy
to be the organ to announce that intelligence to the
House
On motion of Mr. MERCER, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 22, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs TYLER, BLACK, and LEIGH.
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN rose, after the read-
ing of the Journal, to make a correction which he
obseived two of the newspapers of the day had
fallen into, in their repoitof his remarks upon
the presentation of the Cherokee memorial yes-
terday. He was represented as having said that
the Cherokees prooosed to cede all their lands m
Geo'gia to the Government of the United States.
In this particular he was misapprehended. They
proposed only to cede all those lands which were
not needed for then personal use and enjoyment,
the rest to be secuted to them absolutely, togethei
* with eqnal political privileges with other citizens
óf Georgia.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE SECRETARY OF
THE TREASURY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secietary of the
Treasury, made in obedience to aiesolutionof the
Senate, transmitting a statement of the progress
which had been made in the preparation of maps
of certain States, required to be prepared by a
resolution of 28th February, 1823
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES..
Mr LEIGH, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary CLims,maae an unfavoiable report upon
the petition ot Colonel Vivion Blocking
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on
Finance, to wnich the same lad been leferred,
reported the bill from the House of Represent
atives, making appropriations for the Indian de-
partment for the year 1835
Also, the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year lb35
Mr WEBSTER moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the c msideration of these bills; which was
agreed to, and the first named was then considered
as in Committee of the Whole
M- HENDRICKS objected to a clause in the
bill appropriating ¡¡,81,300 for thejpay of one hun-
dred and six supernumerary lieutenants,graduates
of the Militaiy Academy, and asked some expla-
nation relative to this item from the chairman of
the Fmanie Committee.
Mr WEBSTER said he thought there was no
approDiiation in me lull but what was authoi zed
by existing laws He supposed these supernu-
meraries weie attached to the Army
Mi WRIGHT 3u «jested that the item was in
the bill because these lieutenants weie attached to
the Army and ready for duty
Mr WEBSTER s«d he would not press the
bill a¿ this time, unless gentlemen weie sat.sfred
of the correctness of it
On h.  motion, the bill was then hid on the
table
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year 1835 was read a second
time as in Committee of the Whole, and oidered
to be engrossed for a third leading
The following resolutions were submitted bv
Mr. SOUTHARD-                                           '
I     Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Library be
( instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing the copies of Watterston & Van Zandt's
, " Continuation of the Tabular Statistical Views
of the United States," which remain unsold of the
edition, for the use of Congress.
I Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire imo the expediency of
making an appropriation to deepen the bar of
Pensacola bay, in Florida, so as to admit vessels
of war of the largest class to the United States
navy-yard estabhsned there.
Mr   SOUTHARD,  from  the  Committee on
Naval Affairs, made unfavorable reports upon the
petitions of Captain Drinker and Samuel Martin
Mr LINN.fromtheCommitteeonPnvateLand
Claims, to which was referred a bill confirming
the title of Joseph Sovin, alias La Rochelle, and
those claiming under him, to a tract of land in
Missouri, reported the same without amendment
The bill was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. HENDRICKS, was taken up, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to mqune into the expediency of
fixing by law the time of the commencement and
close of evei y succeeding session of Congress.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for certain fortifications
for the year 1835, was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading
Mr KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, made an unfavorable report
upon the petition of Somerville Pmckney.
The bill for the relief of William O'Neil was
read the second time and referred.
SENATE BILLS PASSED.
I     The following Senate bills were read the third
time and passed:
I     A bill for the relief of the heirs or legal íepre
sentatives of Colonel John Hudry, deceased,
A bill authorizing the construction of a railroad
from the public grounds near Tallahassee to St.
Marks, ¡n Florida,
I     A bill for the relief of the heirs of General
Carera,
A bill for the relief of William Pettiplace and
--------• White, legal  representatives  of Joseph
White, deceased,
A bill to improve the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, in the vicinity of St Louis,
■     A bill authorizing the removal of the land office
from Clinton to Jackson, in Mississippi;
A bill for the completion of certain improve-
ments in Florida,
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Magruder, of
Mississippi, and
A bill to improve the harbor at or near the
mouth of the river Raisin
UMTED   STATES  CLAIM ON BANK OF ILLI-
NOIS.
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported a bill authoring the Secretary of the
Tieasury to compromise the claim of the United
States upon the bank of Illinois, which was read
the fiist time, and ordered to a second reading
THOMAS COOPER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr PRESTON, puisuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill for the relief of
Thomas Cooper, of South Carotina, which was
read twice, and refeiredto the Judiciary Commit-
tee
[This bill pioposes to refund to Doctor Cooper
the sum oí §400, with inteiest ftom the year 1798,
being the amount of a fine imposed upon him,
under the old alien and sedition laws ]
HOUSE BILLS PASSED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives acre lend a third time and passed'
A  bill to piowde for the final adjustment of
i claims to land m the State of Louisiana;
The joint reso ution requiring the statues exe-
cuted by Pérsico to be placed in the niches in
front oí the Capitol, for which they were de-
signed;
A bill making appropriations for the current
expenses of the Indian department for the vear
1835;
A resolution authorizing a gold medal to be
struck and presented to Colonel Croghan, and
swords to the officers who were under his com-
mand, for their gallant conduct at Fort Sandusky,
duung the late war.
The bill making compensation for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800, came up as the special order,
and,
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, it was postponed
to, and made the special order for, Monday next.
Mr CLAY rose and said, that in consequence
of the indisposition of several Senators who were
absent, he would not make the motion which he
intended yesterday to make to day, to go into
the consideration of executive business
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of David Brooks; which was read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the relief of J. B. O'Strouder was
taken up for consideration, and,
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, indefinitely
postponed.
The Senate then proceeded to the general orders
of the day, and the following bills were read a
second time, considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading:
A bill for the relief of William Clark;
A resolution for the relief of John S. Stiles; and
A bill for the reliaf of Samuel S. Lord and
others.
A bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay was considered on second reading as
in Committee of the Whole, when some remarks
were made by Mr HENDRICKS and Mr. TOM-
LINSON in favor, and by Mr HILL and Mr.
WRIGHT in opposition to the bill, when, .
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was laid on
the table.
The bill granting military bounty land scrip to
the hens of Nathaniel Tyler, deceased, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and after
some remarks by Mr. CLAY, Mr LEIGH, and
.Mr. POINDEXTER, the bill,
On motion of Mr. CLAY, was laid on the table,
On motion of Mr HILL, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 22, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Mr PLUMMER, of Mississippi,
Mr PARKER, of New Jersey,
Mr GORHAM, of Massachusetts;
Mr. TOMPKINS, of Kentucky,
Mr CHINN, of Virginia;
Mr. MAY, of Illinois,
Mr K1NNARD, of Indiana;
[Mi Kinnakd presented the petition of William
Bowman, of Morgan county, Indiana, praying the
correction of certain errors m the entry of land ]
Mr  WHITE, of Florida;
Mr SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mr GRAYSON, of Sou'h Carolina; and
Mr GiLLET.ofNew York
Which memonals and petitions were appropri-
ately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
.Mr THOMSON,from theCommitteeon Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Drs.
Findley and Meade, which was read twice and
committed
Mr CLAY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill supplementary to the act
ie\iving the act granting preemption rights to set-
tlers on the public lands, approved May 29,1830;
which was read twice and postponed to the first
of February.
Mr  BOON, from the Committee on the Public
\ Lands, repotted a bill granting school lands to
fractional townships, which was read twice and
committed
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicary, reported a bill to authorize letters patent
to be issued to Francis B Ogden, which was read
twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
