152                                    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____                  January 22.
diciary, reported the following resolutions; which
were agreed to:
Resolved, That a communication, with the ac-
companying document, from the Secretary of the
Treasury to the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, dated 31st December last, on the subject of
the proposed discharge of Joseph ¡L. Dias from a
judgment obtained by the United States against
him in the southern district of New York, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to consider and report thereon.
Resolved, That the communication from the Sec-
retary of State to the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee of the 15th January instant, relative to
the punishmentof consuls and commercial agents,
and also relative to the commission of frauds in
obtaining patents for inventions for which patents
have already been obtained, be referred to the
Judiciary Committee, with instructions to con-
sider and report on the several subjects introduced
in said communication.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to confirm private land
claims in "Missouri; which was read twice and
committed.
On motion of Mr. A., the documents on this
subject not heretofore published were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. INGE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the settlement
of the claims of deputy surveyors who have sur-
veyed Spanish land claims in Florida; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. INGE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James M. Tuttle; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
. Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the sittings
of the .United States district courts for the eastern
and western districts of Tennessee; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Messrs. BANKS, SLADE, PULTON, FOS-
TER, CLAYTON, YOUNG, and INGE, each
made unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c,
referred to their respective committees.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, moved that said committee be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Chad Miller, and that said petition be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion prevailed, and the petition was so
referred.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. TUR-
RfLL, was, on his motion, taken up, modified,
and adopted.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. PINCKNEY, was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested (if not inconsistent in his opin-
ion with the public interest) to communicate to
this House any correspondence that may have
taken place between the Government and that of
Spain respecting the act of Congress, passed on
the 30th day of June, 1834, entitled " An act con-
cerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels;" and
also any information in his possession going to
show whether there is any prospect that thecom-
merce of the United States with the Island of
Porto Rico, will hereafter be regulated upon prin-
ciples of reciprocity, or whether it is in contem-
plation by the Spanish authorities to increase or
reduce the discriminating duties of tonnage, and
the discriminating duties on imports and exports
now levied on A menean vessels and on American
merchandize and produce.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of allowing William Bowman, of Morgan county,
Indiana, to relinquish to the United States certain
lands erroneously entered at the land office at
Crawfordsville, and to enter certain other lands in
lieu thereof, as shown by hia petition and the
papers on file in the office of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Mr. BOON" moved to suspend the rule of the
House for the purpose of calling the States for
resolutions; which was lost.
COMPENSATION TO INVESTIGATING COM-
MITTEE.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Contin-
gent Expenses of the House be directed to audit
the accounts of the members of the committee
appointed by the House of Representatives on the
26th day of June last, for investigating the condi-
tion and proceedings of the Post Office Depart-
ment, at the rate of compensation paid to the
committee for preparing a code of laws for the
District of Columbia, of which Philip Doddridge,
Esq., was chairman, viz: eight dollars per day
during the recess, without any other allowance.
When the r^olution was last before the House,
the following amendment was proposed by Mr.
MANN, of New York:
Strike out all after the word resolved, and insert:
" That the Committee on Accounts of this House
' be directed to audit the accounts of the members
' of the committee appointed by this House on the
'26th day of June last, for investigating the con-
' dition and proceedings of the Post Office Depart-
' rnent, and allow each member of such committee
'at the rate of eight dollars per day (including a
' reasonable time for their travelling respectively
' to the seat of Government) during the time they
' have actually been engaged at the Post Office De-
'partmentjUp to the commencement of the present
'session."
To which latter proposition Mr. GILLET
moved the following amendment:
" And that those who came to Washington on
' said business, and returned home before the
' commencement of the present session of Con-
'gress, he allowed their extra travel and their per
'diem allowance "while attending on said commit-
' tee, and no more."
Mr. LANE said he had been surprised to hear
a difference of opinion expressed by honorable
members of the House upon the subject of com-
pensating the committees appointed at the last
session to investigate the Post Office Department
in the recess of Congress. That to his mind a
plainer proposition could not be presented to the
human understanding for decision. The commit-
tee are members of this House; as such they were
appointed to perform duties properly belonging to
this House; as such will be their report; and as
such ought to be their pay. This admitted, and
the question is determined. Suppose Congress
had adjourned to meet in October. The travel
and the pay would have been the same, except
the per diem from October to the 1st Monday in
December. Will any gentleman attempt to dis-
tinguish the one from the other. The committee
convened in October and continued their labors
until the meeting of Congress. To pay them $8
per day from the time they respectively entered
upon the duties assigned them, to the first Mon-
day in October, is to pay them as members of
Congress—all they have a right to expect, all they i
deserve, and all this House has the power under j
the law to allow. The members of this commit- ;
tee, like every other member of this Hou<¡e, re- j
ceived their travelling pay to and from this capital,
before or at the close of the last session. They j
will now, if not already done, draw their pay a
second time.
And is there an honorable gentleman on .this
floor who really believes the members of this
committee will have necessarily travelled the road
to and from their respective places of residence
more than four times i i f not, for this they have
or will receive eight dollars for every twenty
miles; to pay them more, would be to pay them
for travelling expenses never incurred; to pay
them other than for every day they have devoted
to the public interest as members of the commit-
tee, would be to pay them for services never
rendered. His honorable friend upon the right,
from Kentucky, [Mr. Johnson,] had said, he
would pay the committee from the close of the
last to the commencement of the present session.
That his constituents were intelligent, patriotic,
and bold, and would sustain him in rewarding the-
public servants generously.
Mr. L. said while he fully acquiesced  in the
praises his friend from Kentucky [Colonel John-  |
son] had been pleased to bestow upon hiscooaut- i
uents, he felt justified in claiming for himself the
honor of representing a people equally intelligent,
patriotic, and bold, and at the same time more
enterprising and industrious. That while he has
no doubt they would sustain him in patronizing a
just and adequate compensation to every public
servant, he should consider he was paying a poor
compliment to their intelligence and patriotism,
could he entertain, much less express, the belief
they would, or ought to sustain him, should he
vote for paying any one in or out of this House for
travelling expenses never incurred, for services
never performed, or for time in no wise devoted
to the public interest. Pay the'eommittee like
every other member in the House, eight dollars
for every twenty mStes coming to and returning
from this city, at each session, and for each day,
upon the committee, or in this House, and no
more. For that punpose he sent an amendment
to the chair.
The amendment of Mr. LANE was then read
as follows:
Strike out all after the word department, and
insert:
" Byallowing to each member of said committee
' eight dollars per day, from the time said commit-
' tes met at Washington, until the commencement
' of the present session."
Mr. MANN, of New York, was willing to ac-
ceptthepropositionofthegentleman from Indiana.
The amendments proposed by Messrs. MANN
and GILLET were negatived.
The question recurring upon Mr. LANE'S
amendment,
Mr. PARKER moved to amend it by adding "the
usual allowance of mileage to Washington city."
Mr. PARKER was of opinion that the mem-
bers of this committee should receive something
beyond the ordinary allowance. They were com-
pelled to leave their business at home unattended
to. There were members residing at a distance,
particularly in the South, who, as a matter of
choice, remained in this neighborhood, and who
did not go home at the close of the session, who
were nevertheless paid their mileage. The Post
Office Committee were here in the recess by the
direction of the House. Their duties were ardu-
ous, and he hoped that the amendment submitted
by him would prevail.
Mr. LANE suggested that the members of this
committee, asa matter of course, would receive
the usual allowance for mileage. He was opposed
to giving them double the amountprovided bylaw.
Mr. PARKER'S amendment-was disagreed to.
Mr. BEAUMONT moved to amend theamend-
ment of Mr. LANE, by adding the words " and
no more;" which was negatived.
The amendment submitted by Mr. LANE was
then concurred in, and thus amended, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. McCARTY, was again taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to this House copies of
all letters and correspondence of all Indian agents
and sub-agents, and other persons connected with
the Indian department, now in the Executive or
War Department, or in the office of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, connected with
or relative to the survey, location, sale, and trans-
fer of all Indian reserves of lands since the year
1825, up to this time; and also, all the orders and
communications from the Executive of the United
States, through the War Department, or General
Land Office, or otherwise, in reference to said
surveys, locations, sales, and transfers of Indian
reserves; together with maps and plots of said
surveys,and of the tracts approved and confirmed
by the President under said transfers and sales,
and what remains unappropriated, that have been
reported and submitted for his approval, together
with the evidence of title.
Mr. McCARTY addressed the House in favor
of the resolution, and in explanation of the rea-
sons which had induced him to offer it.
Mr. PLUMMER moved an amendment to the
resolution, to restrict the call for information to
" that not already communicated to the Senate
under resolutions of that body, adopted at the
last session."
