1835
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Í65
passage of the resolution under consideration
It involved a question of great importance, viz-
whether the representative could m justice, with-
out spectul constitutional leave, be permitted to
execute his agency m such a manner as to exempt
him from responsibility to his principles, the peo-
ple.
Mr. V said he held to the broad principle that
as representatives, we should do no act here, the
knowledge of which might be concealed from the j
people; that the principle of giving a secret vote
was anti-republican, and wholly incompatible wuh
responsibility to the source of all power, which lies
at the foundation of ail our institutions. The
creator should always know or have the certain
means of knowing the acts <jf the creature, espe-
cially when the latter waa commissioned only to
execute the will of the former.
Mr. V. asked, upon what principle the practice
of here giving a secret ballot vote could be justi-
fied? It had been said by his honorable colleague,
[Mr. 1'illmorf,] who opened the first battery
upon this resolution, that the people themselves, ¡'
many, if not most of the States, voted by ballot,
and, therefore, the practice was sanctioned by the
highest authority. Another honorable gentle-
man, from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] who spoke so
Beldom in this House, but always spoke so well,
had told us that the voting by ballot here was
calculated to secure the most upright and inde-
pendent execution of this appointing power, with
which we are invested. Let us examine, for a
moment, into the soundness of these positions.
He (Mr V ) contended, that the circumstance
that the people sometimes vote by ballot id the
exercise of their sovereign power, was not a pre-
cedent to justify the practice here, acting, as we
here do, in a representative capacity.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Plyton,]
who had just delivered an able argument in favor
of the amendment he had introduced, seemed to
imagine, that the resolution involved an imputa-
tion upon the people of those States where they
voted by ballot, and felt himself called upon to
shield the people from such imputation and re-
proach     In his (Mr. V 's) humble opinion, the
people required no such vindication for the exer-
cise of the-r undoubted right, because their light
to vote by ballot was unquestionable.  The people,
the sovereigns, are responsible to no one but them-
selves     When they vote, they do it m execution
of their own business      Whereas, when we vote,
we do it in execution of the business of our con-
stituents.     Because a man, sir, has  a right to
conduct his  own operations secretly, it  by no
mean3 follows that he has a right to conduct those
of another in such manner as that his principal,
and the party mte-ested, cannot learn the manner
in which his affairs are managed.    Let not, then,  '
our right to vote secretly, by ballot, be inferred |
fiom the practice of the people themselves.   To (i
attemot to derive such a right from such a source, ij
is confounding all distinction between master and (f
servant, between principal and agent.    Gentle-
men who seek to deduce the right to vote by bal- I
lot here from the practice of the people, seem to i
forget, that although we are " dressed up in a lit
tie brief authority," we are nevertheless respon-  i
sible agents, bound to execute the will of those '
who have clothed us with that authority, and that >
it is the right of those who have delegated to us M
the high tiusts which we aie here called upon to  j
execute, to know the manner in which we execute  '
them     It struck him (he spoke with all possible j
respect for those who urged it) that the contrary i
doctnne was founded in a disregard for, or a for- ¡|
getfulness of the relation in which we stood to the
soveieijn creating power.                                               j
A word, now, sir, as to the benefits claimed by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] from I
this secret mode of ballot voting.    He told us, m ¡
substance, that this practice was calculated to en-
sure the most independent exercise of the right
or duty on our pai t     I suppose he means by this
that if we vote two voce, delicacy might some- I
times restrain or embarrass us     This struck him '
(Mr  V ) as the feeblest of all reasons, that could
be given in favor of the practice of voting by bal- I
lot    The fear of offending candidates or parties II
interested"     What an ignoble feeling, sir, to
control or affect, in the slightest degree, the action
| of the representative I    Why, sir, we should, if!
this be a valid reason, or a sound argument, extend
i the principle—we should at once make the effort ¡
i to amend the Constitution, so as to abolish the i
yeas and nays, because in the ordinary course of '
¡ legislation we have questiors here every day, emi- !
nently calculated to  exercise and try our deli- '
! cacy.    We are not unfiequently called upon here, i
to vote for claims preferred by our  friends, and j
to vote against them, too, sir, and then we are '
exposed to the reproaches, if not the implacable
enmity of those friends.     Now, sir, permit me
to propose a remedy for all this inconvenience" to '
which we are thus exposed.   Let us alter the Con-
stitution, abolish the yeas and nays, and tell the
world that we " we love  darkness rather than I
light," because our day-light deeds have exposed j
us to the querulous moamngs of our frietids.          t
Upon what ground of principle should there be |
a difference between  the operations in this Hall i
and those at the other end of the building, when |
we appoint to office' The Senate sits with closed
doors; but the Journals of that body are always
published, and the people of the United States
have the means of knowing how the representa-
tives of the States vote upon Executive nomina-
tions    And the brief existence of tins Govern-
ment has already taught us that the people do not
always regard the votes of honorable Senators
upon Executive nominations with indifference or
unconcern     No, sir; we can adduce memorable
instances to show that the sensibility and indig-
nation of the people have been awakened against
the representatives of the States for what they '
deemed an exceptionable exercise of this power.
There were not wanting instances in which the
people had reversed the sentence of unworlhmess, I
which the Sena'e had seen fit to pronounce.    He ,
would ask, if the votes and proceedings of the
Senate, when acting on Executive nominations, '
should always be concealed from the people, if
they not only sat with closed doors, but if their
Journals were always  kept secret, how  long
would the people submit to a practice so repugnant'
to popular sentiment'   That augubt body would |
then soon, very soon, sir, in the estimaiion of the
people acquire all the odious features of a Spanish j
Inquisition.                                                                   ,
But a new discovery had been made by his hon- j
orable colleague, [Mr Filimore,] whose extraor- i
dinary perspicacity and microscopic vision some- (
times enabled him to see distinctions that were
not visible to ordinary optics My colleague has
started the idea, that there is a fair distinction
between voting for officers of this House and officers
of the nation, and that as the officers embraced m
the resolution under discussion are merely officers
of this House, we have an indubitable r.ght to
elect them by ballot, and in such a manner as
that the people may not be able to know how we
vote. Sir, with all due deference to my honorable
colleague, who, from his professed lepugnance to
alk secret operations, and secret societies, is the
last man on this floor whom I could suppose
would be the first to come out in favor of secret
voting, 1 must be permitted to contend that there
is no soundness in this distinction, so far as it
concerns the principle we are now discussing.
How anogant the idea that the officers, which we
here choose, are our officers' What are we, sir—
I speak of our official capacity—but the propety
of the people' When we speak of the officers of
this House, do we mean to speak of instruments
that belong exclusively to ourselves,and in which
the people have no property or interest' With
whose moneys are they paid' The people's^
Whose business are they appointed to execute'
Not our own individual business, but that of the
people; and may not the people, then, fairly feel
some little interest in their election' Have they
not a clear right to know what servants they,
through their Repiesentatives, have chosen, espe-
cially, when tluii own money is to pay the live of the
laboerl  .
The honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Gilmer,] m the zealous and animated speech
which he made on Saturday, told us that the peo-
ple generally neither know or care who are the
officers of this House. This, (said Mr V.,) (he
spoke with gieat deference to that honorable gen-
tleman,) was presuming entirely too much upon
the ignorance and indifference of the people. It
was not his (Mr. V.'¡,) good or ill luck to "be
blessed with constituents so ignorant Or so indif-
ferent to the doings of their representatives. They
beheye and know thai the sentiments of those who
represent them may be as emphaiicaily indicated
and expi eased by the election of the officers of this
House as by any other means—that an election
for these officers may indeed involve much of prin-
ciple Take, if you please, the case of Speaker
of this House; consider his power and patronage,
the power of appointing all the committees.which
have very properly been called the eyes and or-
gans of the House, the power of controlling, m ft
gieat measure, the order of the business of this
House, and of giving an impulse to, or thwarting
and impeding great measures that may call for the
action of this House. Is it, in truth, a matter ot
moonshine to the people who is elevated to this
high and responsible station' Let the* gentleman
ask the free-trade elector of the South, when the
cry of " Gne, give «s more protection," is raised by
the manuiac.urer of the North and East, whether
he feels any interest in the election of the Speaker
of this House. Ask the northern manufacturer
at such a crisis if it is or is not his interest or de-
sire to know whether his Representative has voted
for a free-trade or an utiru-tm iff Speaker, and you
cannot be at a loss to conjecture what the answer
would be. Woe to that Representative who
should, at such a conjuncture, dare to violate the
the will of his constituents. He would not be able
to plead in bar to the denunciations of an indig-
nant people the plea of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, that the Speaker of this House is the officer
of this House, and that he supposed the people
generally did not know or care who were the offi-
ceis of this House. Those gentlemen who, on
such an occasion, should calculate so fatally upon
the ignorance and md'ffereneeof the people,wou!d
soon enjoy a privilege which is oft-times vouch-
safed to the best of gentlemen—1 mean the piivi-
hge of staying at home. Or take, if you please, the
case of printer to this House It requires no very
vivid imagination to fancy a choice of printer that
would do violence to popular feeling. Suppose
this office to be conferred upon a man whose whole
life had been devoted to the dissemination of prin-
ciples to which our constituents are mortally op-
posed—to doctrines subversive of equal rights and
equal privileges; yea, of the liberty of the people.
Think you, sir, that the people would be supine
and indifferent, if we lavished the most lucrative
patronage of this House upon such a man>
Would they be apt to say, " You have done well
by rendering more potent the incendiary'a capacity
for mischief" Let us make the experiment, and
we will soon hear a response from the ranks of
an outraged and a sharp-sighted people; a re-
sponse, too, that will not be distinguished for
stoical indifference or extraordinary ignorance.
An hono'rable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Briggs,] who, a few days ago, betrayed
more warmth on this subject than usually belongs
to that Spuzbergen region to which he and 1 be-
long, pleaded most eloquently for the practice
which the resolution upon your table proposes to
abolish, because it w&b & lery old piactxce; our wise
fathers had originated it; it had now obtained for
foity years, and therefore our sacrilegious hands
should not now touch it.
Sir, (said Mr. V ,) I am no believer in the doc-
trine that an error is less an error because it is an
old one Sin itself is not less to be lamented and
deprecated because it dates back to the garden of
Eden. You are constantly changing your laws,
involving great principles; your States hare, many
of them, changed and vastly improved their con-
stitutions, and is this to be regarded, sir, as a
reflection upon the wisdom of our fathers' No,
sir. It only proves that we are not such bigoted
admirers of all that is old as to reject the improv e-
ments that may be suggested by time and expe-
rience Let the apologists, the advocates of mon-
archsand despots, plead for the wisdom and sanc-
tity of their despotic institutions, because they
are covered with the dust and the cobweb of ages,
it is our principle, yes, our duty, while making
the grand and triumphant experiment of free Gov-
ernment, to repudiate error and embrace improve-
ment, though the genius of antiquity may scowl
