1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
fore, for Mr. Blair, against any Judge White-man,
any John McLean-man, or any Daniel Webster-
man.
Mr. P. repeated that he was opposed to this
special legislation. If therule should be adopted,
what would be its effect on the election for Speaker
in the next Congress? It was not always the
most prominent candidate on the first ballot who
was finally elected. Such was the case with the
honorable gentleman now in the chair, and when
the honorable P. P. Barbour was elected, he re-
ceived but fourteen votes on the first ballot. It
was true, he did not believe that any man who
voted for the present Speaker was unwilling to
avow it; but it was the «vils which we hazard by
the change which he contemplated. Mr. P. said
their constituents had not instructed them on this
subject; nor did he believe they called for any ac-
tion upon it. The Constitution provided that" the
yeas and nays of the members of either House,
on any question, shall, at the desire of one-fifth of
those present, be entered on the Journal." This,
he thought, was quite sufficient to secure ample
publicity on all votes specially interesting to the
people. It was all they desired, and as far as he
yms willing to go. He would support the propo- ¡
gition if so, amended as to say that on the call of a ,
majority the vote should be taken viva voce. But :
he did not deem it necessary to compel members
to hold up their hands on all occasions, to prevent
them from looking one way and rowing another; ,
nor would he presume fraud in them until there
was some evidence of its existence.
Mr. GILLET said he should not have claimed '
any portion of the time of the House upon the pres-
ent occasion, but for the fact that he represented,
in part, a State which held the ballot-box system
in high estimation, and for the further reason that
his colleague [Mr. Fillmore] had presented, in
a forcible manner, the reasons which could be ¡I
urged against the resolution, which seemed to him
to render it necessary that he should succinctly
state the reasons for the vote he intended to give.
Many gentlemen had expressed in strong terms
their disapprobation of the introduction of this
resolution. Mr. G. said he had no agency in its
introduction, and was not responsible for the act,
though he attributed its origin to noble and gener-
ous sentiments entertained by its author, and those
whom he represented. Whether its presentation
at this time was politic or not, or whether it wouid
be inoperative or not, was not the question. The
real question is, whether the principle asserted is
a correct one or not. This is the true question,
and he must give a vote for or against it.
It had become necessary to inquire whether the
Constitution controlled our decision on the question.
This was a question of some doubt.    He could not ■
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
BitiGcs] that because the Constitution had declared ■
that certain elections should be by ballot, it followed
that the election of officers for this House must
be conducted in the same way.    If there was any
nference to be drawn from thence, it must oe the
reverse. The Constitution gives this Housepower
to " choose their Speaker and other officers," and
to " determine the rules of its proceedings," and
under these powers we must act.   The Constitu-
tion itself affords but little light to aid in determin-
ing the question, except the fifth section of the
first article, which declares, "each House shall
keep a Journal of its proceedings, and from time  ;
to time publish the same, except such parts thereof ;
as may, in their opinion, require secrecy, and the
yeas and nays of the members of either House,   :
on mii; question shall, at the desire of one-fifth of ¡
those present, be entered upon the Journal."        ,|
Mr. G. presumed no one would contend here ;
that our election of officers would come within the ;
meamngof this clause, so far as relates to secrecy; ¡
but that the intention of the Constitution was to ''
conceal such discussions as those that preceded i
the late war, which it was believed to be for the ;
interest of the nation to be concealed for a limited ;
period. Until gentlemen opposed to this resolu- '■
Hon can prove that the election of officers of this ,i
House is not any question, the clause of the Con- :|
stittuion just cited, will be considered by manyas ;',
having an important bearing, if it is not decisive j!
of the question. If it is not decisive of the point, ¡j
then tlie House is left free to decide it upon the il
i ground of expeditncy and propriety, and in such
. manner as shall best accord with the genius and
| spirit of our republican institutions.
|     Here, however, we are met with what is called
precedent, which is so powerful as to sanctify the
; errors of the past, and to perpetuate them for the
I future.   This is the doctrine which sanctions the
| Divme right of Kings, gives the Old World its
; accidental Lords and" other similar favors, which
; give wealth, titles, and power to the few, and
| dependence and poverty to the many. Thanks to
| our fathers, these political heresies were repelled
j from America by the thunders of Bunker Hill,
j and our title deed to better principles is not only
enrolled on that parchment called the Constitu-
tion,  but it  is  registered   in  the heart of every
! American freeman.    But  how stands  precedent
on this subject?   My colleague, [Mr. Fillmore,]
the other day, speaking on this subject, said:
" His own opinion with reference to the ap-
' pointing power of this Government, and of all
' Governments similar to ourown, was, that where
' the legislative power or body exercised the ap-
' pointing power,peculiarly and especially foritself,
! ' i. e. for us own internal rule and regulation, and
' not for the nation at large, then that power migh',
' with great propriety, be exercised by ballot; and
| ' he believed that to be the practice in most legiela-
| ' tive bodies in reference to the appointment of
; ' those officers, who might be considered special
j ' officers of the body, but not of the nation.  This
i ' was the practice in Mr. F 'a own State, (New
! ' York,) and he really could see no objection to it
¡ ' in principle or practice anywhere else.    It ap-
' peared to him to he correct to give the people at
' large, when they exercised the right of suffrage,
' the power to exercise that right in secret, by the
' ballot; and it was equally so to extend the same
' privilege, the same right, and the same authority
' to their representatives, when acting for them-
' selves in the election of those officers peculiarly
' belonging to the body to which they were elect-
'ed."
Now, how was the fact?   Mr. G. said, he de-
sired it to be distinctly understood, that he did not
himself allude to his native State, (New York,)
for the purpose of invoking the aid of her prece-
dents to guide or justify us for acts done here
under another Constitution, but merely to pui his
colleague right on the subject of thedoings of that
State, as a precedent.   It would be borne in mind
that his colleague (Mr. F.) had taken the ground
that officers of   legislative bodies were the ser-
! vants of the body, and not agents of the people,
! and in enumerating them, he said:
I     " The House of Representatives shall choose
■ ' their Speaker and other officers, and shall have
¡ ' the sole power of impeachment."   This, then,
j was the extent of the appointing power in that
! House to "choose their Speaker and other offi-
' cers," alluding, doubtless, to the clerk, sergeant-
! at-arms, messengers, door-keepers," &c.
1     Here the officers he wou'd include are enume-
' rated.    Now for the facts    The Journals of the
'• Assembly, in New York, he had examined as far
back a3 to 1820.    In that year, the sergeant-at-
arras, dooi-keeper, and  his assistant, were ap-
; pointed by motion or resolution.
i     In 1822, the same officers, were appointed in
| the same way, and in 1823, the clerk was in like
' manner appointed.   In 1825, the sergeant-at-arms,
door-keep?r, and his assistant; and in 1826, the
two latter officers were appointed by resolution,
and in JS27, all these officers, including the clerk,,
were appointed m the same way.    So in 1823, of
all but the clerk.    In 1823, 1830, am! 1831, my
colleague,  creditably to  himself, occupud a seat
in the Assembly; and in those yeais, as well as m
1832,1833,1834, in this very year,  the cleik,
sergeant-at-arms, door-keeper, and assistant door-
keeper, (he believed all,) were elected on  motion
or by resolution.    Mr. Or. said  he had  not now
access to the Journals prior to 1820, but he had
been   informed  by one, who could  not be mis-
taken, that anterior to 1820, a Speaker had been
elected by resolution.
His colleague must pardon him for saying, that
although he entertained the highest respect both
for his talents and integrity, and esteemed him as
a friend, he must say little'in favor of his memory,
when he had forgotten to inform the House that
in 1830, while-he was in the Assembly at Albany,
a Speaker pro tern. (Mr. Savage) had actually been
appointed  by resolution or motion; and his col-
league Mr. P., and four others of his colleagues,
had voted on that occasion.    He believed it was
conceded that all officers elected by the Legisla-
ture, except officers of the House, were voted for
viva voce; and after this review of the precedents,
he was of opinion that little'could be drawn from
that quarter, in form of precedents, against the
resolution.
i     But we were referred to this House for prece-
| dents.    He had not found a precedent for electing
| a Speaker by resolution or motion, but a large
i majority of all the officers for this House back as
far as the last war, (and he had not been able to
examine further back,) had been elected by reso-
lution or on motion.    Prom 1813 to 1829, he be-
[ lieved, the sergeant-at-arms had regularly been
I appointed by this House either on motion or reso-
; lution.   And from that period to this, with but two
, exceptions, its door-keeper, with but one of its
I assistant door keepers, had been appointed in the
j same way.    In 1819and 1821,Thomas Dougherty
j was chosen Clerk in the same manner.    In 1823,
I 1825, 1827, 1829, and 1831, Matthew St. Clair
! Clarke had been chosen Clerk of this House in
j this same way.    Will gentlemen after this refer
] to this House for precedents to establish the pro-
| priety of choosing " clerks, sergeant at-arms, mes-
I sengers, door-keepers," &c , by ballot?
I    He would submit it to theHouse to say, whether
! these precedents not only did not prove the point
! contended for by his colleague, but the reverse.
I H,e was confident after this exhibition of prece-
| dents, it would not be pretended that they had
; settled the question, but that it at leastleft the ques-
tion with the Constitution, where we found it.
I     But, (said Mr. G.,) we are told by the gentle-
' man from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] that the mem-
, bers of this House may fall under Executive dis-
pleasure, if they vote independently and against
his will, and in that manner the just independence
of this House will be endangered.    It here may
i be asked how the faithful  representative in this
t House could, if he acted rightly, in accordance
with the views of his constituents, be in danger of
this dreaded influence?   The ^representative de-
, pends upon his constituents, and not upon the
i Executive for his  emp'oyment.   To  his  rnind,
¡ there was more danger that he would here vote in
a concealed manner, and unknown to his ccnstitu-
; ents, to please the Executive, who would, more
readily than   his constituents, ascertain   how he
voted, than to vote openly in a manner to displease
those  whose suffrages had sent him here.   The
danger of a secret vote was, that those at a dis-
tance, the electors, would be the persons whose
wishes would be,disregarded—vote openly, and
experience proves that the representative usually
looks to the source of the power which rules his
future agency here.    There are those, however,
who have not acted on these subjects, as was de-
sired by their constituents, and their fate is writ-
ten in the history of the times.    His own State
had furnished a prominent instance of the will of
the  people being violated, and of their inflicting
summary punishment.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gilsser] de-
sired to know whether the people knew or cared
about the election of these officers. He did not
believe there were " ten men in Illinois knew who
these officers were."" He could not vouch for
what the good people of that Slate knew on this
subject; he could only diaw conclusions from the
judgment displayed in selecting their representa-
tives. He believed the gentleman was much mis-
taken; he certainly would have been, hod his re-
marks been applied to those whom he (Mr. G.)
represented. They understood these things thor-
oughly. What, do not the people know who the
Speaker is, and is he so small alight? Is that man,
who has more power in shaping and controlling
legislation than any other in the nation, one of
such small consequence as not to be known to the
people? But the gentleman from Georgia, and my
colleague, say that the officers of the House are
cur agents, and the people are not interested in
their selection. Is this so r Is it of no consequence
to the people whether the officer who brings money
to pay us, is honest, or runs away with it, as haa
