THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   W AS H IN GT O N, ~ B Y   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 2d Session
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1835
Vol 2 ....No. 11.
when the Cleik has called the roll, a member
should get up, and, in defiance of this resolution,
propose to proceed to elect a Speaker by ballot,
would any man deny their right to do so, because
a resolution of the last Congress ordered it other-
wise ? Certainly not. It was the election of
Speaker that oigamzed the House, and itwas not
fairly organized betore the Speaker was placed m
possession ot the chan; but the íesoluiion would
not be obligatory on the next Congress at all,
unless they pleased to abide by it. It would be
inopeiative, and therefore he thought it needless
to adopt it. One gentleman had said that the pas-
sage of the resolution would be an expression of
oui opinion as to what ought to be the mode of
procedure in matters of this description, but that
would be as useless as it would be to apprize the
House who should be their next Speaker. Sup-
pose, at the close of the present session, a resolu-
tion was brougnt forward expressive of the thanks
oí the House to the Speaker, anJ asking the next
Congress to íeinstate him, would any member
expect such a resolution would be entertained'
Mr. J presumed not. And yet had we not as
much right to advise them whom to elect, as to
direct the mode by which they should elect?
It was not necessary at that time to enter at
large into the question whether the mode of
electing by ballot or viva voce was best calculated
to preserve the dignity and character of that
House, but he would con'ent himself with recur-
ring to one fact, and see what practised statesmen
thought of the matter Now it was well known
that tor many years past, the whole energies and
exeitions ol the opposnion party m England have
been duected to obtain the vciythmg weaie pro-
posing to abolish in that House—vote by ballot,
winch their opponents have, up to the piesent
time, prevented We weie told by an able his-
torian that what the crown had lost in pi erogative
it had gamed in influence,and the minister knows
he.can only ensure and perpetuate that influence
by the command he has over the votes. He
holds on for mvet voce voting, and why' Because,
in the ballot, men may not always follow the
" fugleman," when giving their votes. In spite,
then, of all that had been said to the contrary, he
was induced to believe that election by ballot was
the best, if not the only mode calculated to pre-
serve the character of that House But, say
some, our Government nas not become so corrupt,
and oui membeis are not so deficient of independ-
ence as to wish to vote secretly. Heie is- a sly
insinuation on one side or the other, not at first
visible. lieis so independent, and so far removed
above corrupting influence, that he may be trusted
to give his vote openly, or, on the othei hand, he
cannot be trusted to vote agreeable to 'he wishes
of his constituents, unless he be closely watched
at every step' The argument involved a com-
pliment on one side, and a direct censure on the
other.
Mr J did not believe that our constituents felt
that interest in the election of officers of the House \
which some gentlemen seemed to think they did.
He nevei could bring himself to believe that they
desired to know ho>v their membeis voted in the
election of cleik, seigeant-at arms, deputy clerks,
door-keepeis, &c , but he did believe that in the
organization of parties it sometimes became neces-
sary to know how those offices were disposed of,
and whether any undue influence had been exer-
cised Now, i' was for the purpose of preventing
that very thing ihat he should vote against the
adoption of the present resolution. He could not
reconcile it to himself to lay down a lule for the
guidance of others, which had beennoiule forhis
own conduct. If the resolution be intended to
operate upon only a single election, and the only
one that may leasonably be expected to come
before us, that of printer, and if he be considered
an officer of the House, then Mr J conceived that
the present House could not go into the election
11
at all, for the reasons before assigned. If it bs
intended not to operate upon him alone, but only
in the contingency of a vacancy in the place of
Speaker, Clerk, sergeant-at-arms, &c , by death
or otherwise, then he would say " sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof," and when it became
necessary to elect any of those officers, then it
will be time enough to preSenbe to ourselves the
mode of election. To preset ibe it to another
House would lay them undei no obligation to
follow it. Por these reasons he deemed the reso-
lution unnecessary, and he therefore should vote
against it.
Mr HA WES said, it must be evident to every
member, that this discussion was interrupting all
the regular business of the House, and the elabo-
rate .debate that had already taken place, had
elicited the opinions of both paities, he thought
sufficiently, he therefore moved the previous ques-
tion.
The House lefused to sustain the call, ayes 7G,
noes 93
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Januauj 27, 1835.
After the Journal of yesterday had been read,
BILL TO REORGANIZE THE POST OrUCE
DEPARTMENT
Mi EWING mo\ ed that the Senate take up the
bill and report of the Post Office Committee
fne motion was agreed to, and tne lead'ng of
the tepQrt was concludtd
Mi GRUNDY then rose and said that the
repoit winch had just been read embraced the
opinions of three membeis of the committee The
gentleman from Illinois [Mi. Robinson] and hi ra-
se f, being the lemaimng membeis of the commit-
tee, had piepared a paper containing their own
views on most of the Subjects upon which the
majority had given their opinion, and without
leference to then report. When it Mas found that
they could not agiee upon the repoit, it was
thought the better couise for each blanch of the
committee to present its own views upon the sub-
ject of their investigations.
He moved for leave to present the paper he held
in his hand, as containing the views, of the minor-
ity of the committee.
Leave having been granted, Mr GRUNDY
presented the paper which was lead, after which,
Mr. GRUNDY said that at «the las,t session
there was a great diversity of opinion as to what
number of copies of the lepoit should be pnr.'ed.
The committee on this occasion wished to avoid
any such difficulty, and by the unanimous consent
of the committee, he was duected to move that
two thousand five hundred copies of the repoits,
together with the documents, and five thousand
extra copies of the repoits, without the documents,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Ihe CHAIR here íeinarked that such motion
was out of ordet, until aftei the bill reported by
the committee should be lead
Mi. GRUNDY then yielded the foor, and the
bill was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr. GRUNDY expressed a wish that the bi'l
might be read the second time by its title, for the
purpose of reference to the committee He stated
that all the members of the committee had not had
an opportunity of examining it. If it was perfect
in all its provisions so far as it went, still some
additional provisions might be mgiafted upon it,
which would be likely to meet the unanimous ap-
probation of the committee
Mr. EWING said that owing to the great pres-
sure of other business upon the members of the
committee, they were unable to spend as much
time upon tlie bill as was desirable.   He was
willing, therefore, that the motion should prevail,
that the bill should be read the second time and
recommitted, under the assurance that it should
be íeported without delay.
The bill was then read the second time by its
title, to wit: " A bill changing the organization of
the General Post Office."
Mr. GRUNDY then moved to recommit the
bill.
Mr. CLAY thought it would be better to order
the bill to be punted, and then the committee
could have it, as we'l as other members of the
Senate, and they could prepare any amendments
oi impiovements they might think proper. It was
a novel proceeding to report a bill and then recom-
mit it before it was printed.
Mr. GRUNDY said that if it was recommitted
it would be punted to-night. But he was not par-
ticular with regard to it, if the committee would
feel it as much their duty to examine it as if it waa
formally íefeired.
Mr. CLAY replied, that if the bill was to be
printed, he had no objection to the reference.
Mr. CLAYTON said he had attended to the
provisions of the bill as they had been read, and
he thought many of them of the utmost impor-
tance, particularly that submitting the money op-
erations of the department to the government of
Congiets. He always considered, and still be-
lieved, that the distribution of the public treasure
without the inteivention of Congiess, was in di-
lect violation of the Constitution. This bill pro-
posed to bring this department back and place it
undci the supervision and control of Congress.
Hesaw no reason for recommitting the bill, unless
the provisions in it were to be alteied¡and if they
weie, gentlemen could suggest such amendments
as they proposed when the bill came up. He did
not meet and recommend the adoption of any
other piovisions which they might agree upon.
Mr GRUNDY said he would not persist in his
motion But he hoped the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ewiktg,] would name a day, where the bill
might be taken up.
Mr. PORTER said he agreed with the gentle-
man from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] upon the
importance of the provisions of the bill. But ne
thought if the committee could improve it in its
details, it ought to be recommitted, and there
would be no difficulty in getting it printed. But
with regaio. to printing the leports, he was appre-
hensive some eiror might be fallen into, and per-
haps he mightafterwards he said to have given hia
assentto all the piovisions of the leport, a matter
whioh had been imputed to him, on a similar
occasion. He lose at this time moie particularly
to ask a question of the honorable chairman of
the commiuee, [Mr. Gruvdy ] It was whether
at the last session of Congress, application had
been made for an appropiiation for the relief of
the Post Office Department.
Mi GRUNDY íephed, that he did not know.
Something was said by the committee on that
subject. But he had no recollection that a bill for
that purpose was before them
Mi PORTER resumed. The explanation of
the honoiable gentleman was as he expected No
such thing was before the committee. He desned
to make the request he did on this floor, ftom the
circumstance that, in an address published in the
newspapers bearing the S'gnatureof a high officer
—tne President of the Urn ed States—his honora-
ble colleague [Mi. Wiggamin] and himself were
charged with having voted againstsuch an appro-
piiation for the purpose of embarrassing that De-
partment, and preventing it from granting mail
facilities to the citizens of the State they had the
honor to represent. This was the reason for hia
asking the question. He did not accuse that high
officer with intentional misrepresentation. Butthe
accusation had gone out from the President of the
United States, and was made on the eve of an
