172____________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________January 27,
from a standing committee qf the House. A dis-
claimer as to each of those States in which the
venue was not intended, he said, would necessarily
locate the charge of fraud in some particular sec-
tion of the country, which would do no good at
this time, on a proposition to call for information,
and might create heart-burnings calculated to do
evil, and prevent an impartial investigation of the
subject The difficulties and the extraordinary
state of affairs growing out of the investigation of
the alleged frauds in i elation to land matters which
had taken place withm the pist year, in his own
State, was a sufficient commentary on doing things
in an improper manner. Gentlemen were, how-
ever, mistaken in supposing that this was a reso-
lution of inquiry, or proposed to investigate the
alleged frauds It only called for the record, for
documents, for fac's which would enable this
House or any mdvidual in the community to lay
their finger on the particular reservation in relation
to which a fraud had been committed, 01 on the
identical officer said to be guilty The gentleman
from Kentucky was mistaken, (said Mi P ,) so
far as his knowledge extended in relation to the
manner of transferring and approval of those
transfers by the President of Indian reservations
Mi P would not, however, enlarge on the sub-
ject There was no secret transactions m relation
to the saleor tiansfer of Indian reservations which
the President or any of the heads of departments
were anxious to conceal from the members of this
House, or any individual in the community. He
had been p?rmitted to examine any poition of
these papers and documents, in relation to which
his constituents desired information, and other
gentlemen would be allowed the same pavilegeon
application Nor would any oojection be made
by them to spread the whole of the documents
before the people of the nation, who have a right
to know and inquire into the actings and doings
of their agents He concluded by expressing a
desire that the discussion might be brought to a
close, and the resolution as amended be adopted
without opposition.
Mr LOVE addressed the House a few minutes
in explanation, in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mi Clav,] in relation to this resolu-
tion. It was not an investigation The committee
had not implicated any particular individual. That
subject was left for theaction of the House With
regaid to that class of individuals known as specu-
lators in Indian íeservations he confessed he had
little faith or confidence in them, as aclass. They
had not only been in the habit of not only cheat-
ing the Indians, but the Government also, and
many of them had realized fortunes by such
means There might be, and doubtless was, many
honorable men among them, but lieiepeated,asa
class tney had not his confidence Another remark
Many of these Indian claims weie tran fmed
There weie hundreds within the State wh.ch the
Government did not know whether it had the
power of taxing 01 not The information, there-
fore, contemplated by the i evolution would be of
immense nripoitance to the State, by enabling uto
levy tne taxes of which H had heieiofore been
deprived
Mi McKINLEV said hebe'ieved the resolution
might be so modified es to meet the views of all.
If the gentlema i would allow it to lay a few days
upon the table such amendments would doubtless
be made Oe auegestion he vou'd now make
an al cia'ion was desirable in rcl tion to the maps
deigied to accompwy the ooirespondence and
document Hi a general point of view, he was
fi.orably diyos<"d towaida tne pdop'ion of the
reso'ution i ho rt mor of fraud seems to demand
in 'esti^at on
Mr C WING said he understood the gentleman
from Alabama f\ir   McKivttv]  now to adm.t '
tint gio^s ft cud y did e list
Mi   MrlvliS LEY said he íeferred to rumon
Mi rwiNG, afar some furthei rem irks, not
flis.lt irtlv jider^tood, le'dred to the gratuitous
reman?, if the gewlemn fiora Indiana, [Mr
L  \e,j as repoi eu .11 the Globe the othei day, in
leiation to 'lie hi^rh chataciei for lniegnty of the
people of h s Sta e f a s he conceived to nave
been 1 ncalled foi, as then reputaaon nad not been
t ttacked
Mr E -a.d he had risen c! icly to correct the
statement made in the Globe, as a report of the
remarks of his colleague. The remarks given
there to day, m inverted commas, as a quotation,
were not those delivered by that gentleman to the
House He denied the accuracy of the report,
and its correction
[We are prevented from giving so full a report
ofMi. Etving's remarks as we would have wished,
owing to the distance of hia seat from the íe-
porter's desk, and the consequent difficulty of
hearing ]
Mr. LANE said he could assure the House that
the respect which he owed to himself, and to the
House, would prevent him from any attempt to
enter into a personal discussion or collision on
this subject He would confine himself to the
statement of facts as they existed—truth as it ex-
isted, without the fear of contradiction; and con-
tradict it who will, sir, (said Mr. L ,)it shall be at
the peril-------
The SPEAKER called Mr. L to order.
Mr. L proceeded He had made som« remarks
on the subject of the resolution, in reply to what
fell from one of his honorable colleagues, and other
gentlemen m the piecedmg part of the debate, at
the conclusion of the discussion, and after the gen-
tleman from Mississippi had taken his seat.
Mr L rose late in the debate to give an expla-
nation, inasmuch as a different direction had been
given to the resolution, lefernng it to a committee
of the House, which he believed would investigate
it, and make the inquiry whether frauds had been
perpetrated or not, and call for such papers, and
such papers alone, as would be calculated to fix
or locate the charges of fraud. He would vote for
it. He did not profess to give the language used
by himself on that occasion verbatim, but he did
it substantially, if not literally He stated to the
House that he felt it lus duty to say one word in
reference to the people of Indiana, inasmuch as
the resolution having originated with the gentle-
man from his own State, and inasmuch as two of
his honorable colleagues [Messrs. Ewing and Mc-
Cartt] had expressed a belief that frauds had
been peipetrated m the transfer of Indian reserva-
tions, it might be supposed that some of those
fiauds had taken place in Indiana He said of
the people of his State that he believed a purer
and more honest population did not exist in any
State, that they were high minded aiid honorable,
and that he had been acquainted with most, if not
all, of the Indian agents tor the last twenty years,
and he believed them to be honest men, and in-
capable of perpetrating any fraud upon the Gov-
ernment, upon an Indian, or upon an individual
These weie his íemarks, and those who sat near
htm would, he had no doubt, recognise them In
the report oft! em, by the omission of a word or
two, he was m ide to say, that inasmuch as " two
of his colleagues had, if fraud had been perpetra-
ted, located them in that State," he felt it his duty
to say th a much in defence of the people of In-
d.ana The moment he saw the repoit he detected
the mistake, -ind immediately addressed a note to
the rejiorter, giving the very substance, if not the
letter of his remarks, as now stated by him The
paper for Monday, he presumed, had been made up
before his note reached the office, and this caused
the delay cf its appeaiance till this morning
Nov/, then, it seemed that his great offence,as he
apprehendtd it, was, that he had dared to say the
gentleman's constituent:  were honest and high-
niinded men He seemed to claim the exclusive
puvilege of eulogizing and defending his own con-
stituents Mr L had supposed that, though the
immediate íepresentative of a particular district,
he ought to have soric interest in the State of In-
diana generally, and ne funhermore tl ought that
the State had dome claims upon himself, nor did
he believe 1 e had viokt d any stated iule,or done
anything calculated to invoke the b'tter comments
that had been maue lie would assuie his hon-
orable colleagues on hib left and on hn right, that
he never should have complained if they had
thought propei tocoropliment his constituents, on
the contrary, they should each and severally have
received, as in his opinion they would have ner-
ited, his sincere ti anl's
What Mi L had stated with reference to his
rieviousremark'?,and the cucumstances connected
tneiewuh, i.e a&ain averted to be true and not
false, and he could only say, that whoever contra-
dicted him, would himself be an individual who
asserted a falsehood He was aware that it was
easy to be mistaken m that House as to particular
words employed. He did not intend, in the re-
marks he made, to charge either of his colleagues
with having located the perpetration of the frauds
referred to in Indiana, but he thought as the
honorable member from Mississippi [Mr Cage]
had taken occasion to defend the people of his
State, Mr. L was apprehensive that they mi ht
be supposed by the House to have originated" in
his State He was at a loss to conceive wherein
he had committed any offence. He had nothing
more to say for himself He could assure his hon-
orable colleagues, however, that he thought, and
he had no doubt the House thought, the remarks
uncalled for. Mr. L. had corrected them, and
corrected them timely, and the correction was
published; and he could assure those gentlemen
that he should always avoid any thing, by act,
word, or deed, calling in question their motives,
their integiity, or their attention to the best inte-
rests of their constituents, that he should never
take pleasure in casting the slightest imputation
upon them, but should always treat them with
kindness and good feeling, and would ever be
ready to cooperate with them in any thing and
every thing they may undertake, calculated to
promote the interest of their constituents, the in-
terest and prosperity of our State, and the interest
and prosperity of the Union; and if ever he should
be capable of saying aught to reflect upon the
character of his constituents, he should feel him-
self unworthy of a seat upon that floor. When-
ever he could bring himself to travel unnecessarily
out of the way, to impugn their motives, he would
do it elsewhere than in that House, he would do
it as a gentleman, and not in a manner to protect
himself with the splendid walls of that Hall In
conclusion, he could assure his honorable col-
leagues that he had no such feelings towaids them.
He envied them not, he reproached them not, but
he was ready to aid and assist, heart in hand, and
to go with them in either praising, eulogizing, or
serving the people of Indiana.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
Mr POLK called for the orders of the day;
which was agreed to—ayes 102, noes 77—and the
further cpnsideration of the resolution stands over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented the following com-
munications, which were severally laid on the
table and directed to be printed:
Prom the Secretary of War relative to the con-
dition of a harbor in the Delaware river
Prom the Secretary of War, a report in answer
to a resolution of the House of the — instant, de-
siring information in relation to the amount paid
to the different custom house officers in the large
Cities of the United States.
Trom the Secretary of War, in pursuance of
the resolution of the 20ih instant specifying the
amount required for completing the astronomical
observations relative to the southern boundary of
Michigan.
Prom the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
the leport of J N Reynolds, relative to certain
islands in the Pacific ocean
■Mr PEARCE said this report related to a
subject of great commercial importance to the
country He moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and that an extra num-
ber of one thousand copies be printed
The reference was made accordingly, and the
motion to print an extra number of copies, ac-
cord ng to the rule of the House, was laid upon
the table for one day.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
A bill returned fiom the Senate, entitled an act
foi the final adjustment of land claims in Louis-
iana, with an amendment, was then taken up, and
on motion of Mr. GARLAND, was postponed
till to morrow.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
An act to amend the act providing for the con-
struction of a bridge across the Potomac, was
-ead a third time and passed
