1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________                      173
COURTS Iff TENNESSEE.                     |
The bill to i emulate the United Slates circuit ¡
court for  the district of West Tennessee,  was j
next taken up.                                        -,,.„,
Mr. PEYTON moved to recommit the bill to |
the ComtniiiF.e on the Judiciary, with instructions |
to insert a provision for an increase of the salaries j
of the judges.  He thought this to be due to them, I
inasmuch us their duties were much extended.      |
Mr. FOSTER eaid the bill was founded on a 1
petition which said nothing on the subject of an j
increase of compensation.    He, however, had no j
objection to the course proposed.                              j
The bill was then recommitted.                             j
MEDAL PROM THE MINT,                    j
The joint resolution, introduced by Mr. E. i!
EVEKLT ]', from the Committee on the Library, '
directing a gold medal to be struck at the Mint ot ;
t.'ie United  Suites from  the original die, at the |
exnense of Morgan Neville, in honor of the battle j
of the Cowpens, was read a third time and passed, j
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.             |
The House then resumed the consideration of 1
the bill making appropriations for the civil and j
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the j
year 1833—being on the amendment offered by |
Mr.VANCE, relative to the pay of custcm-house ',
officers.                                                                          ¡
Mr. VANCE supported his amendment at !
length,¿mil went into a tabular and documentary j
history of the expense of the collection of the j
revenue since 1811, and the gradual increase of '
1 He'was followed by Mr. CAMBRELENG, '
who concurred in the general object designed to ,
be effected by this amendment. But he conceived ;
it was improper to incorporate its provisions in '■
the general appropriation bill. It should form the ;
subject of a separate bill. Mr. C. also explained ',
the manner in which the gentleman from Ohio, ■
[Mr. Vance,] had fallen into error in some of his ;
tabular statements'.                                                      !
Mr. SUTHERLAND followed on the same :
side of the question, and stated the intention of ;
the commercial committee soon to bring this ]
matter before the House.                                            ¡
Mr. FILLMORE also spoke at some length on ¡
the amendment; and finally offered an amendment
to the amei.dment of the gentleman from Ohio, for
las acceptance, which was, however, declined.
The debate was continued by Messrs. POPE,
PHILLIPS, WARD, WILLIAMS, GILLET, ;
and HARPER.                                          ,    ,            I
Mr. WARD said he regretted that the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vance] should ,
have tajten this occasion to endeavor to correct the j
abuses which he seems to think exists in the col- j
lection of the revenue from customs.   The object <
which the honorable gentleman has in view is to ¡
repeal all " that part of the second section of an ,
' act entitled an act making appropriations for tha I
'civil and diplomatic expenses of Government i
' for the year 1834," which authorizes the Secre- ,
tary of the Treasury to pay to the collectors, naval :
officers, surveyors, and their respective clerks, ;
together with the weighers of the several ports of j
the United States, out of any money in theTreas-1
ury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as
will give to the eaid officers respectively the same
compensation in the year 1834, according to the
imoortatiom of that  year,  as  they would  have
been entitled  to receive if the act of the 14th of
July had not gone into effect; and that the clerks
employed by the respective collectors, naval offi-
cers, and surveyors of the several ports, shall be
We had been told by the honorable gentleman
who is at the head of the Committeeon Commerce,
[Mr. Sutherland,] that that committee has the
subject of " the compensation and number of the
custom-liouse officers" under consideration in the
committee, and that he has reason to believe that
the committee will make a report during the ses-
sion; and that honorable gentleman had himself
opposed this amendment in a forcible and eloquent
address to the House. Now, if the honorable
gentleman who had devoted so much of his time
particularly to this subject, was of the opinion that
the proposed amendment was improper, and if the
able and distinguished gentleman at the head of
the Committee of Ways and Means, who reported
this bill, and who had also given the subject much
consideration, entertained the same opinion, he
would ask whether gentlemen would sustain it,
without allowing themselves time thoroughly to
examine the subject, so that they might, at least,
act understandingiy upon it. He hoped not; and
he hoped too that gentlemen were not disposed to
delay the passageof this important bill, by acon-
tinuance of this discussion, until the extraneous
matter now in controversy was investigated and
settled. This bill now blocks up our way; and
he would remind the House that there were but
twenty-two days cf the session remaining, in
which, by the rules of the House, we could trans-
act public business; and yet, as it was well known,
we had before us a vast deal of business, of the
most important character.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vance] had
entered at large into a statement of the amount of
revenue received, for several years past, and ofthe
amount expended in collecting it, and he had alleged
that the expense of collection had amounted to
from two and a half to ten per cent. Mr. W. was,
he said, induced to believe that the honorable
gentleman was mistaken in this statement, so far,
at least, as regarded the principal commercial
cities; for it would be found, upon a careful ex-
amination, that the expense of collecting the
revenue from imports would not, in the aggregate,
exceed from three and a half to four per cent.
The statement of the honorable gentleman showed
that, in one instance, the expense of collection
had gone'up as high as six per cent,, but that, as
he had just remarked, was not true in respect to
any of the principal cities. It would be found
that in the city of New York, which place seemed
to command so much of the gentleman's attention,
the cost of collecting the revenue had never ex-
ceeded from three to three and three-fourths per
cent., on the amount received.
The amount of the revenue collected, and of the
expenses of collection, in the year 1833, in Boston,
A'ew York, and Philadelphia, was as follows:
Boston collected §3,908 356 97; expenses $121,-
978- or a fraction more than 3 per cent.
New York collected §13,081,548 92; expenses
$4«9 501; or a fraction more than 3J per cent.
Philadelphia collected £2,995,663 35; expenses
4,99,877; or a fraction more than 3| per cent.
The honorable gentleman did not consider that
in making his calculations of the expense, he took
the whole revenue.
Now, there were many ports at which much
more was paid than the amount received. If
these could be abolished, the expense of collecting
would be greatly diminished; and if reduction
was necessary, which he was not willing to admit,
¡t should be made in those ports which were a
burden on, and not those winch support the Gov-
ernment. Nor did th.3 honorable gentleman con-
sider that the amount of duties had been of late
paid for the yea'r 1833, as if they had been speci- ;, ""V';;¿¿¿''by the tariff, which, at the same
".......     "     """"'"                 ?f.the.act_0! !i ,i^ /HiH not.allow of a reduction in the number
als has
with the diminution of duties.
recited act of 1S34, be ;
fically included in the third section
the SI of March, of said year, entitled "An act
'making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
' matic expenses of Government for the year 1834,
«ami to provide that the balance of the said sec-
' ond section of the above r
'continued  in
' Congress."                                             , .             ,
Mr! W. said, the amendment to this amend-
ment, which has been submitted by hiscolleague,
[Mr. Fiu.MCP.r.,]did not materially vary the case,
and he, for one, was not prepared, at this time, to
record his vote m favor of either of the proposi-
tions.
time, did not allow of a r
of officers, because the increase of arrivals has
been progressive with the diminution 0! duties.
Durin" the last year more than two thousand
be .. vessels from foreign ports entered at the custom-
.......- ■ ■ ■             .          .      . ,    ¡I i,ollse of New York; and every one of them must
force, until otherwise ordeied by  , house ot^J^. 0„ bo¿di or lhose which
brin  articles not dutiable might avail themselves
ofthe circumstance to smuggle in valuable dutiable
there was scarcely a
honorable gentleman [Mr. Vajíce] seemed so
desirous of inquiring into the expense of collecting
the revenue from customs. W iiy did he not like-
wise inquire into the expense of collecting the
revenue from the sale of the public lands ? If he
would compare the expense of collecting the one
with the expense of collecting'the other, he would
find a vast difference in favor of the collection of
the revenue from customs. The expense attend-
ing the collection of the land revenue varied from
eight to twenty-five per cent, upon the amount
received. Mr. W. said he had no complaint to
make with respect to this great and manifest dif-
ference. He believed that the officers in charge
of the sale of the public lands, and in the receipt
ofthe money therefor, receiyed no more for their
services than they were fairly entitled to. The
land agents and land receivers were each allowed
an annual salary of §500, with an addition of one
per cent, on the amountof the moneys received—
their emoluments being limited to $3,000 a year;
and he did not hesitate to say that most, if not all
of those officers, receive the maximum amount
allowed By lav/. These offices were places of
great responsibility, and require to be filled by
men of worth and respectability; and he did not
wish to be understood as complaining that they
were in the receipt of too great a compensation
for their services.* But if it was not deemed ex-
travagant to allow them $3,000 a year for their
services, residing, as they did, in the country
where living was cheap, it seemed to him that no
complaint ought to be made against the small
amount received by gaugers, weighers, and other
subordinate officers attached to the custom-houses;
for their situations were no less responsible, re-
quiring equal talent and respectability, while the
expense of living in the principal cities must be
acknowledged on all sides to be vastly greater.
But we have been told, he said, by his honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Fillmore,] that some ofthe
weighers receive from §4,000 to $6,000 a year for
their services;  one, in particular, in  Baltimore,
and others either in Philadelphia or Boston; and
this was urged as the principal reason  why we
should vote for the amendment.    Did that gentle-
man suppose that one weigher in each of those
cities was competent to perform personally all the
duties of his office ?   Did he not know that he is
compelled, from the nature ofthe case, to employ
deputies ?   And did not those deputies come in for
a portion of these receipts ?    In fact, on the ground
assumed,and on which the honorable gentleman
so confidently relied, the compensation, had there
been an adequate number of  weighers, would
have been even less to each than was received in
1833, by the same class of officers, in New York.
Mr. W. said, he would inform that gentleman
and the House that the weighers were obliged to
pay all the expenses of  labor incident to their
office, which amounted to about one third of their
gross receipts; and although it would seem from
the document referred to by the gentlemen who
have advocated this amendment, that, by the sep-
arate returns of the weighers in the city of New
York, one may have  received  some $2,000  or
$3,000 a year for his services, while another re-
ceived but §400, this inequality would disappear
when it was known that the aggregate amount
received for fees was equally divided between the
fourteen weighers in that city.    The facts were,
that in the year 1833, the net amount paid the
weighers in the city of New Yoik was $18,675,
! which, being divided between the fourteen weigh-
| ers in that city, gave to each only the sum of
'■ ^1,333 per annum—a sum hardly adequate, with
! the «-reatest economy, to support themselves and
| their families.   Was there, he asked, a member
! who heard him, who would say that the amount
¡ thus shown to be received by these faithful and
1 vigilant guardians of our revenue, for their lnval-
« uable services, was too great?   He trusted not.
|l It had been said there existed abuses lit the co-
I i lection of the revenue from customs, that the sal-
II  aries ofthe officers were too high, and that their
number had been increased beyond the exigencies
ofthe service, and that they ought to be reduced.
He, for one, was not willing to concede that point.
He was willing that the subject should undergo
the strictest scrutiny of the Committee on Corn-
articles.     And, moreover, ......^------------     ,
sinMe cargo which did not embrace some dutiable
S°Mr.' W. said he was at a loss to know why the \ merce; that the examination should be conducted
