IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
184
great as I believe this misconduct to be, and it is
this which the Executive organ has authoritatively
asserted would justify assassination.
To what are we coming' In the first "place,
it is contended that the Senate has no right to
express its opinion upon any misconduct of the
Executive, because, forsooth, we may become his
judges m a trial of impeachment—acting on this
sophism, a resolution on our Journals condemning
his unconstitutional acts roust be expunged. Be
it so; what next > It follows as a cleai consequence
that we are not individually to condemn the con-
duct of the Executive, in debate, for an expres-
sion of an opinion individually as much disqualifies
as a vote upon a resolution. Now, another step
is taken still higher1 still bolder1 We are told
that to denounce the abuse of the Administration,
even in general terms, without personal reference,
is to instigate the assassination of the Chief Ma-
gistrate.
Mi. C. entreated Senatois to pause and reflect
Can they fail in all this to see the near approach of
mesponsible despoticpowei' In looking around,
he beheld many Senators in the ranks of the Ad-
ministration, of whose patriotism he could not
doubt. He would, in particulai, ask them what
is to come of all this, and whether it is not time
to halt> Did they not see that the necessary con-
sequence is to degrade the Senate to the humble
instrument of Executive power—to deprive it of
its usefulness, and ultimately to work an entne
change m our political institutions'
On my part, (said Mr. C ,) I cannot be mistaken
I see in all this an approaching catastrophe. I
again íepeat what I asserted on another occasion-"
—that reform, thorough, radical reform, revolu-
tion is inevitable—there is no other alternative I
fully compiehend the crisis in which I speak and
act. I have made up my mind as to my duty. I
am no candidate for any office—I neither seek nor
desire place—nothing thai! intimidate—nothing
shall pi event me from what I believe is due to my
conscience and my country.
REPORTS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr LEÍGH. fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the íelief of the
legal representatives of Thornton Taylor
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of N  P. Horner, deceased
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of James Bell, deceased, which were seve-
rally read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
The following resolutions were submitted.
By Mr. PORTER
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the transpor-
tation of a daily mail between New Orleans and
Mobile.
By Mr FRELINGHUYSEN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inqun e into the expediency of annexing the fourth
cncu t to the third judicial circuit, aid of so ar-
ranging the cncuit system, as to extend its bene-
fits to all the States, by seven or more circuits.
By Mr WAGGAMAN-
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures
be mstiueted to inquire into the expediency of
further providing by law against the evasions of
the tariff on refined and other sugars.
By Mr CLAYTON.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
more clearly defining by law the crime of revolt
in the crews of American ship3 within the admi-
ralty and mantimejjusdictionofthe united States,
of abolishing the capital punishment now provided
by the act of the 3(Kh of April, 1790, for tnat of-
fence, and of substituting a milder pun.shment for
it; which, on motion, was agreed to
Mr CLAYTON, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to compromise the claims
of the United States on the Alleghany Bank
of Pennsylvania, which was read twice and re-
ferred ,
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of John B. White.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, made
a similar report on the petition of John Spots-
wood; which were concurred in.
Mr. CLAYTON; from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill making piovision by law
against offences committed on the high seas against
the United States, which was read the first time
and oidered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, agieeably to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a joint resolution, lepeal-
mg a joint resolution of Congress with regard to
the election of printer; which was read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that on to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
making an appropriation for the purchase of cer-
tain paintings now in this city.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on the
District of  Columbia, reported a bill granting
annually, for five years, to the city of Washing
ton, §70,000, to the city of Alexandria, $17,500,
and to Georgetown,---------, towards extinguishing
certam loans made to the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company. This bill also provides for the
relinquishment of the stock now owned by the
said cities in that canal to the United States. The
bill was read the first timeand ordeied to a second
reading.
Mr. BENTON offered the following motion in
writing:
That the Secretary of the Senate inquire into
the state of the printing ordered to be done by
the Senate during the last and present session, and
repoit at about what time each piece of printing
will be completed, which was agreed to
The Senate then proceeded to the order of the
day, when the following íesolutions, heretofore
offered, were taken up and agreed to:
By Mr  PRENTISS-
Resolved, That the President be lequested to
communicate to tne Senate the conespondence ¡
which passed  between  the Governments of the
United Sta'es and Sp un,uirou£h their respective
Ministers or a/'ents, in ihe negotiat.on of the late
treaty 'letv/een  the two Governments, together
with the mstruo'ions given to the Ministers of the
United States, fiom nine to time, in the course of
the nego'idtion, or so  nit.cn of said  correbpond    >
ence and mstruc'ions as u may not be meompati
ble with the publ c interest to communicate.            1
By Mr MOORE                                                      ¡
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary ¡
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of ¡
making a büitabíe appropriation, to aid in the '
erection of a court-house, now m progress in '
Madison county, Alabama, in oider to provide !
for the accommodation of the district court of the
United States, holden at that place.
By Mr TIPTON.                                                 «i
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire i.ito the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Marion to Huntington, thence to Goshen, Indiana,
a post route from Greensville, by Recovery, Ohio,
to Huntington, Indiana, a post route from Yellow ,
liver post office to Laporte, a post route from '
Kirk's Cioss Road, by Frankfort and Delphi, to
Monticello, and a post route from Logansport, by
Turkey Creek Piaine and Goshen, to White
Pigeon, in Michigan Territory.
The following resolution being under consid-
eration
"Resolved, That the General Post Office is
' deeply in debt—its affairs in great disorder—its
' accounts and reports irregular, unsatisfactory,
' and in many instances untrue—that large sums of
' public money have been wasted and paid over to
' favored individuals upon false pietences, and that
' its conduct and administration are justly the sub- I
'jects of public complaint, and demand a radical
'reform"—                                                                 |
Mr CLAYTON suggested that its discussion
might occupy some considerable time, and, as he '
had given notice on a former day, he now moved |
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business; when,
Cn motion of Mr. POINDEXTER.the resolu-
tion was postponed to and made the special order
of the day for, to-morrow.
On motion of Mr GRUNDY, the bill for reor-
ganising the General Post Office was taken up.
Mr GRUNDY said that the bill was framed
principally by the majority of the committee; that
the minority had some amendments to offer, which,
on his motion, were received and ordered to be
printed
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, after which
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Monday, Febiuary 2, 1835
Several memorials, presented during the last
week by Mi. DICKSON, from citizens of New
York, praying the abolition of slavery within the
District of Columbia, and a petition from Oneida
on the same subject, came up for consideration
Mr. D addressed the House at great length in
favor of the prayer of the petitions, and the pro-
priety, justice, and expediency of some legislation
by Congress thereon Mr D contended that
neither the Old and New Testaments, the heathen
philosophy, or the Declaration of Independence,
recognised a difference of color in the rights of
man. He also cited the laws of the District, as
derived from the Stale of Maryland, at the cession
thereof, and contended that the slave-trade, as at
present cairied on here, was worse in its features
and its effects than that of Africa While the
trade was made piracy in almost every country in
Europe, even under despotic Governments, it was
fostered and nourished at the seat of the Geneial
Government of the gieatest Republic on earth.
In all other Republics, slavery itself had been
abolished, and on the whole southern contmentof
America, with the exception of the absolute Gov-
ernment of the Biazils, it had ceased to exist
I Mr D disclaimed for himself, and for thepeti-
tioners, any intention of mterfeiing then or there-
after, with the powers of the State governments,
but maintained the full and complete power of
Congress over the subject within the District.
His object, in the motion he intended to make to
refer the subject to a select committee, was, that
in consequence of a majority of the committees on
the Distiict of Columbia being fiom slave holding
States, no action had ever been made on similar
petitions referred to it He then referred to re-
oorts, &.c , made by former committees, toa peti-
tion from upwards of one thousand mhabitantsof
the District, owing, he said, more than a moiety
of its property, for the abolmo n of slavery there-
in, and to a presentation of the grand jury of
Alexandria, some yeais since, declaring the trade
to be a nuisance, from all of which he affirmed
that to grant the prayei of the petitions he now
presented would conduce to the benefit and proa-
penty of the District itself.
The question of order, as to whether the honor-
able member could go into the merits merelv on
the presentation of a petition, was raised by Mr.
CHINN, Mr. CLAY,and Mi. BOON, but over-
ruled by the CHAIR, on the ground that the peti-
tion having laid over from a former day, and em-
bracing matters of great importance, remarks
thereon were m oider so long as the House itself
did not interpose
Mi. DICKSON moved thattHe petitions be re-
ferred to a select committee and printed.
Mr. CHINN said that he did not rise to defend
the course puisued by the present committee, nor
by any former Committee of the District ofColum- *
bia, upon the subject of this memorial He hoped
that neither the present, nor any other committee,
required any such defence Nor did he mean to
disturb the deep sympathy, nor thetender mercies,
of the gentleman fiom New Yoik, still less of the
eight hundred fan memorialists who had made the
gentleman their champion He only moved to
lay the whole subject on the table, and upon this
question he asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered.
Mr DENNY inquired if they could be called
up hereafter
The CHAIR replied, it was mthe power of the
House to call up the subject whenever it thought
proper
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted as follows: Yeas 117, nays 77.
So the House determined to lay the petitions
and the motion to refer the same to a select com-
mittee on the table.
