THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED ANDJPUBLISHED AT THE CITY OFJVASHÍNGTON, BY bTaTrVrTveS.
23d Cokorl^, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1835.
Vol 2....No. ]2.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Messrs   HALL and SMITH, of Mume;
Messrs REED, OSGOOD, LINCOLN, and
EVERETT, of Masjai duvet's;
Mr YOUMJ, of Cmntc'icut,
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Wand;
Messrs WHITE, CAMBRELENG, PIER-
SON.TURRILL, HARD, and MART1NDALE,
of New York,
Mr SHINN, of New Jersey;
Messrs HIESTER, McKENNAN, BIN-
NEY, GALBRAITH, and DENNY, of Penn-
sylvania;
[Mr. Denny presented a memorial from a large
number of delegates, representing five counties
and many towns of Pennsylvania extending along
the Monongahela river, ftom the head of the Ohio
to the Virginia S ate line, askmg for an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the Monongahela
river from Pittsburg to the National road at
Brownsville, according to the plan suggested by
Mr. Howard. Mr D. moved to refer the memo-
rial and accompanying documents to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals
Mr. Stewart suggested to his colleague the
propriety oi givingthesubjectadifferentdirection.
This subject, at the last session, had been referí ed,
on his motion, to tfil Committee on Roads and
Canals, and that committee had authorized him to
report a bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Monongahela river from Pitts-
burg to Brownsville, on the very plan recom-
mended by the memorialists. He hoped this bill
would be reached and passed before the close of
the session He therefore suggested the reference
of the subject to the Committee of the Whole
House,  o which this bill had been referred.
Mr. Devny acq uesced, and the memorial was
referred accordingly ]
Mr. MILLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs HEATH and McKlM, of Maryland;
Messrs CH1NN, MERCER, LOYALL, and
WISE, of Virginia,
Mr  W. B SHEPPERD, of North Carolina;
Mr PICKEXS, of South Carolina;
Mr SCHLEY, of Georgia,
Messrs POPE, TOMPKINS, BEATTY, and
JOHNSON, of Ken'ucky,
Messrs. bTANDIFER, DUNLAP, BUNCH,
and LEA, of Tennessee,
Messrs THOMSON and MITCHELL, of
Ohio;
Mr GARL1ND, of Louisiana;
Messrs CARR and HANNCG\N, of Indiana;
[Mr. C\rr presented the petition of Gilbert
Brown, of tne parish of Natchitoches, m the Sta'e
of Louisiana, winch was refened to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mi*. II YsM&iV presented the petition of sundry
ci'izens of Cnmo.i county, in the State of Indiana,
praying the estiblishment of a post route fiom
Kirk'-, on the Michigan road, by Frankfort and
Delphi, to Mon'icello, in said State ]
Mr PLUVIMER, of Mississippi,
Mr  CASEY, of Illinois,
[Mr C\-tr presented* sundry resolutions of
the L'gisla'uie of the S ate of Illinois, in i elation
to a grant of land in assist m constructing a road
from a point on the Wabash nvei, opposue Vin-
cennes, 10 Ch«ago, which, on his motion, was
referred to the sune Committee of the Whole
Iloubeto which bill No 51} on that subject has
been re'ened. The lesolutions weie ordered to
be punted 1
Messrs CUY, MARDI3, MURPHY, and
LEWIS, of Alaluma,
[Mi Li«, oi Alabama, presented a memorial
from the Lejislatme of Al ibama, askrn  the relm
quishment oi the two per tent of the net proceeds
ofi'ilcs of publu luid* m that State, leseived for
the p ii pose of making a load or loads, leading to
said ¡vtite, m older that it may lie"applied to the
conjunction of a railroad, to connect the waters
of Mobile bay w ill  those of the Tennessee river— ,
I and also asking the condemnation of a section of I
j the public land on each side of the contemplated ,
i road, for the use theieof—which was referred to '
i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the I
Union; to which a bill, heretofore reported for the ¡I
same purpose, had been committed                            I
| Mr. Clay also presented a memorial from the j|
¡ same Legislature, asking the extension of the law
1 granting preemption rights to settlers on the pub-
| lie lands, to the inhabitants of //actional town-
ships, who are now denied the benefits of that
law—which was referred to the Committee on the
I Public Lands ]
I     Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri;
1     Mr. LYON, of Michigan, and
j     Mr. WHITE, of rionda.
_ The SPEAKER also presented severa' memo-
' rials and petitions fiom various States,&o ; which
¡ petitions and memorials were appropriately refer-
red.
I                              RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON,
i     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
1 pediency of establishing a post road from Brown's
I Mills, MiiHm county, Pennsylvania, by the way
of Steudts's Mills and Perrysville, to the Valley
post office, m said county.                     '
1     On motion of Mr. STEWART,
j Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be mstiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting commutation and land to the
heirs of George Calmes, an officer of the Virginia
Continental line in the levolutionary war.
j    On motion of Mr McKIM,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims inquire
into the expediency of paying Hugh McDonald
for a horse lost in the seivice of the United States
during the late war with Great Butain.
|    On motion of Mr. CARMICHAEL,
i Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a port ot entry at Port Deposit, in the State
I of Maryland.
On motion of Mr. POTTS,
1     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
i and Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Coatesville, by way of Doe Run, Chatham,West-
| grove, Rosscommon, and Bjyd's Store, to Strick-
ersvihe, all in the county of Chester, and State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. MeKAY offered the following resolutions;
which, under the lule, lie one day
Besotted, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy
be diiected to make to this House a «statement of
all moneys disbursed from the Treasury of the
United States for expenses and intercourse with
the Rarbaiy Poweis during the last ten years,
therein not.ng as far as can be ascertained, the
! sums received by the respective agents or consuls,
and the purposes to which the same have been
applied in each of said years.
1 Resohcd, Tint al! cases dur.ng the past ten
years wheiem any consul or agent residing on the
Bubal y coast, has paid for an) p'nposeoroi anv
pietence, not authonzed by law, to anyone of
said Powers, or to the officers or subjects thereof, a
greater sum than three thousand dolors i> any one
yeai, wuh intent to charge the Unred States with
the same, that the Secretaiy in'orra this House
whether it is d me by tne special v iprobation or
wri'irg of the Piesident, fust obtained for that
purpose.
Oi motion of Mr PINCKNEY,
Revolt e I, That tne Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, ltqaested to transmit to this House
copies of all such naval reports and otlier docu-
ments in his possession as relate to the employ-
ment of cotton canvas m the A menean nivy, and
the propriety of providing cotton doming for the
seamen, and also to accompany his report with an
expression of his own views and opinions upon
both these subjects.
On motion of Mr PINCKNEY,
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be mstiucted to ascertain and report to what ex-
tent cotton canvas h«3 hitherto been introduced
into use in the American navy; and to inquire
into the exped.ency of providing by lav/ for its
general employment on boaid of all vessels of
the United States, and also of substitutirg cotton
cloth foi the geneial clothing of the seamen at-
tached to the Navy, m the place of the linen man-
ufacture now in use.
RTPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House, as soon as prac-
ticable, a map or chait representing the piesent
state of the breakwater and the adjoining shoals
in the river Delaware, with the report of the en-
gineers theieon, or any other information which
may be in the possession of the department, tend-
ing to show the policy or impolicy of making
further appropriations for the present for the im-
provement of the said breakwater.
Mr. MILLER, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, leported a bill granting a pension to
William C Beard, late a captain in the Army of
the United States; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr ROBERTSON, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bdl to extend the provisions
of ceitam laws for the relief of insolvent debtors;
which was read twice, and its further considera-
tion postponed for one week.
Mr. TOMPKINS, from theCommitteeon Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill to establish a
pension agency south of Green river, in Kentucky;
which was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed.
Unfavorable i eports were made by Messrs. MIL-
LER, MARSHALL, TOMPKINS, BANKS,
and FULTON, from their respective standing
committees
Mr WARDWELL (instructed by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims) moved that the
bill to authorize the Secietary of War to appoint
agents to examine pensioners, in oidei to prevent
ftauds, and for other purposes, be made the spe-
cial order o&the day for to-morrow week.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The following resolution, heretofore offeied by
Mr  McCARTY, was taken up-
''Resolved, That the Presid ent of the United Statea
' be lequested to transmit to this House copies of
1 all letters and correspondence of ail Indian agents
1 and sab-agents, and othei pel sons connected with
1 tne Indian department, now in the Executive or
1 War Depa  tment, or m the office of the Commts-
' sior.er of the Gene.al Land Office, connected w,th
' oi iela'iveto the survey,location, sale,?nü trans-
1 fer of ail Indian reseives of lands since the year
' 1825, up to this time; and aiso,a!Hbeo jers and
1 communications from the Executive of the United
' S.a es, thiuugh the War Departmert, oi General
' Lind Offi'-e, oi otherwise, >n i eferer.ee to said sur-
' veys, locations, sales, and transfers of Indian re-
' serve*, togethei wi'h i laps and p'ats of said sur-
1 veys, and of the tracts, approved and cor-firmed by
' the P.ebider-t under said tiarsfers and sales, and
' what íemains unappropriated, that have been re-
1 ported and submitted for his approval, together
' with the evidence of title."
To which Mr PLUMMER had moved an
amendment to restrict the call for information to
"that not already communicated to the Senate
undei resolutioi 3 of that body,adopted at the last
session "
And which having- been referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affans—
