1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
rect But I claim the right of differing in opinion
upon all subject , when my duty to my constit-
uents shall demand it
There is no intention of bringing any charge
upon the Executive by this resolution On the con-
trary, its object is to enable the Executive fc> do
justice to the country. I have brought it forward,
sir, after due deliberation and reflection; and I
trust it will be adopted, so that the country may
see where frauds have been perpetrated, and who
have been guilty of them, and that those who have
been unjustly chargfd may have it in their power
to exculpate themselves I again repeat, sir, that
so far iron  locating the frauds in Indiana, or
intending to locate them there, I located them
nowhere, I made no charge against the agent in
Indiana—whom I believe to be as honest and
honorable a man as lives—nor against any other
individual whatsoever. I have reason to believe
that fraud has been perpetrated somewhere, and I
wish it known.
In conclusion, sir, let me assure my honorable
colleague that I will never suffer misrepresenta-
tions of myself to pass here unheeded, nor, so
long as I shall be honored with a seat on this
floor, permit them to go without exposing them
to public view. I have thus, Mr. Speaker, said
all 1 intended on this subject, and beg to express
my acknowledgments to the House for the indul-
gence afforded me. My main object was to cor-
rect this error, and to do justice to myself by
placing the whole matter fairly before the public.
Mr EW1NG then rose, but
Mr WATMOUGH called for the order of the
day, which motion was not sustained—ayes 55,
noes not counted.
Mr EWING, of Indiana, said he did not rise
to protract the debate upon this resolution, and
he should not now add one word after the remarks
of his respected colleague, [Mr McCarty,] who
had just taken his seat, were it not that the cor-
rection of false and injurious matter made by the
member on his right [Mr. Lane] was little less
offensive than his original publication. In his
effort to avert the force of the correction, I felt
myself called upon to reply, he seemed to take
offence at the language I had used, when it is
known to the House that I used no language but
what his injurious misrepiesentation justly mer-
ited I am in the habit of calling things by their
right names, and so are the upright people I rep-
resent I call a spade a spade, when I allude to
that implement, and in repelling the charge that I
had implicated the people of Indiana in any par-
ticipation of fraud, or that the resolution was cal-
culated to do so, or that it justified or required
his bald eulogmm, I used only such terms as were
necessary to expose the falsehood
Th? member [Mr Lane] commenced his re-
marks by s'atmg that lie would not " bandy epi-
thets," but that he would state the truth, and
that contradiction would be at " peni " Now, I
bandy no " epithets," I establish the fact that he
did not «ate the truth, ard of his " perils," I am
here and elsewhere utteily regardless Indeed,
in this case, the " peril" is fudge, what does not
appear, does not exist But if his " perils" are
the garbled and untrue reports sent through the
medium of we Globe, to mjuie faithful Representa-
tives at home, I confess 1 cannot express such
indifference Why, sir, the report of my late
remarks in that partisan print were so garbled
and shaped as to give covert point to his misrep-
resentations I acknowledge, sir, there is art
manifested in this course, Jie same sort of art
which lie displayed in his uncalled for allusion to
the people of Ind-ina The people require ser-
vices, not flattery, and in his case it was dealt out
upon the unfounded assumption that the resolu
fon rf my colleague [Mr McCarty] had cast a
stigma on them, when, in fict, the people of
Massachusetts, and every other State, were as
much implicated as they were, for the resolution
is only calculated to bring necessai y information
to al1                                                                                         ,   ,       I.
But I appose the "peril" threatened by the
member [Mr La\l] had reference to the new
%er*i in of his remirlts, and not to those that he
reported for the Globe, which v. ere the original
ca lie of complaint. Nov., how does the matter
stand, the threatened  peril notwithstanding'    1
charged him with having wntten for the Globe a
bald eulogy founded on a false and injurious state-
ment, calculated to do great injustice to myself
and my colleague on my right, [Mr. Carty,] and
to deceive our constituents I further charged him
w«th making such a correction of it as might still
gain for him unmerited credit for defending them
from the false and injurious statement which ori-
ginated in his own imagination, and appeared m
the Globe. The House has witnessed his pretext,
inuendoes, and subterfuge, in reply to these ex-
posures, and heard his declaration that what he
then said was " true, and not false, and that the
contradictor would himself assert a falsehood "
This, too, accompanied by an intimation that I
had sought protection under the dome and within
the walls and drapery of this House, for the ex-
posure of the impositions. He [Mr. Lane] did
not deny that he had written the false statement
for the Globe, but he may have wished to convey
the idea that I could be intimidated from stating
facts. Now, I would have that member to under-
stand that such an idea is as unfounded as the
falsehoods I have already exposed. I claim no
protection from the walls, dome, or drapery. It
is not these, but my constituents, that I regard,
and I have not, nor shall I ever, make any remarks
here which I shall shrink from reiterating else-
where. The intimation was given as adisclaimer
on his part, that he would seek no such protection.
He must now know that I hold myself personally
responsible, and he may pursue what course he
chooses.
As the able exposition of my respected colleague
[Mr McCarty] has placed the matter at issue m
its true light I would say no more, were it not for
the degrading perversions of my former remarks,
and the declaration of what the member [Mr
Lane] " would never do," which accompanied his
perversions. He labored to make the erroneous
impression that I took offence at his unnecessary
eulogy on my constituents, instead of the false
ground on which he based it. He knew I had
taken offence only at his attempt to show that his
pretended defence of them was required by my
course, and he knew, and this House knew, he
was attempting to do the very thing he disclaimed
Thank God, sir, I and that member aie known to
the people of Indiana, and if he does not know
me better than his course indicates, I can inform
him that I have long known him. This, sir, is
no place to play the braggart, and I hope he will
hereafter seek some place more suitable If, as
he said, he would indulge in no defamation, why
did he not frankly and effectually correct his error
in proper time, and why did he labor to avert the
force of my correction' I wish only that the con-
stituents of each shall know the facts of this case,
as the House knows them, and that each of us
may be judged by the tendency of oui acts The
resolution I hope will be adopted
Mr LANE «¡aid his colleagues [Messrs. Mc-
Carty and Ewi\g] were upon a cold trail, that
he deemed it a du'y to the House and himself to
say he had not in the House on a former occasion,
said his colleagues had located the ftauds in Indi-
ana—that as soon as he saw the report of his re-
marks in the Globe, he had detected the error,
and sent a note to the office correen;; it That
his remarks had, at the request of the reporter,
been written out by himself, as is usual in the
House That in setting the type the compositor
omitted the following words- " which would seem
to locate them," had this line not been omit'ed
all this difficulty would have been avoided, but as
it is the assault on the part of my colleagues was
uncalled for, and unprovoked on my part, inas-
much as the correction was made before the as-
sault
Mr L said it was extiemely uimleasant, re-
pugnant to all his feeling-, to be called upon to
make even a good natured íeply to such hi gi'ige
as had been thrown upon the Ilou^e It has been
said with wisdom, there is a time for all tl mgs
A poor thing said in, is better thin a good one
out of place The one is the manifestation of a
weak mind—the other cf a depraved tas'e
Sir, we aie in the house of mourning Some for
the loss of a personal and esteemed fi lend—all
tor the loss of a \aluable member That tongue,
lately so eloquent, is silent. Those eyes so bright,
are closed in death. Those limbs so active, and
face so comely, m the tomb. I could not have
found it in my heart to have said ought to have
disturbed the repose of the mournei—the solemn
feast of feeling—the Sabbath of the mind Nor
would I have forgotten the late tragical attempt in
this Capitol, which, had it been acted out as oid
Othello his part, this Capitol, this nation, would
have been shaken as by some mighty earthquake
fiom its center to its circumference.
Thus situated, had I never so much cause for
revenge—my bow and my arrow in my hand,my
eye on the v.ctim, thevery thought of these recent
events to have flitted across my mind, a look at
this badge of mourning on my aim, as a mani-
festation of íegard for departed woith, and ray
bow and my arrow should have fallen, with my
eyes on Heaven I would have made one eííbit to
rise, in all the pride and glory of man, superior to
the brutal passion
To the people of Indiana, sir, it would be a sub-
ject of curiosity how this difficulty should have
arisen between myself aid colleagues [McCarty
and Ewing] m the consideration of a resolution
in the adoption of which we agree. Tney will see
at once it ha3 not grown out of anything seen or
heard in this debate, that the cause lies deeper,
not in the virtue, but in the depravity of the human
heart.
Man, sir, may dissemble for a while, may de-
ceive, but, sooner or later, like the pentup heated
waters, the ¡east enviable qualities will buist forth.
The politician who abardons his first love, his
principles, and betrays his trust, looks with envy
upon the faithful. Sir, there is a manner, a lan-
guage, a courtesy, a delicacy, and sweetness of
expiesston, in the heat of even angry debate, that
chaiactenzes the gentleman and the scholar—a
language, a look that distinguishes him from the
vulgar ruffian To look at such a man is to know
himagentleman, elevated in mind,pure mthought
sensitive in feeling, alive to his honor, always
respecting the feelings and regarding the honor Oi
otheis Piisue the other through all the walks
and shades of life, to his own oi his neighbor's
fireside, to the gay circle, or to a more elevated
station, and he is still no gentleman, but a ruffian,
without feeling or honor, regardless of both in
others To see such a man is to know h,s ruling
passions, his weapons of warfare—envy, revenge,
detraction, calumny.
Sir, it is to be p-esumed neither of my honor-
able colleagues [Messrs McC\rty and Ewikg]
will claim this picwe or desire the gaiment, not
being intended foi them. If, however, contrary
to my wishes and mtentiors, a claim should be
asserted, I assure the House and my honorable
colleague? [Messrs McCarty and Euing] that
nothing shall be charged for the cutting or the
making
Mi Speaker, I was elected by a highly resoect-
able distnct as their immediate representative, to
aci. in harmonious concert with my honorib'e col-
leagues in promotirg theb<st interest of the people
of lnd.ana, to muintí. n their interests, theu honor,
the Union, the dignity of ill s House, ard not to
tatmsh the one or reelect the other by entering
into a private quanel wnh them.
Sn, there is a point nine scale of human degra-
dation, to notice or look at no honorable man will
descend There is a larguage a d men not,
surely, 11 this House to notice eithei, isdisgiace—
to disregard, a Mitue
Mi Speater, I feel myself called upon to say
one word in leid'ion to my-eif Dunng the last,
and so fai of the present session, I hr.e been at
my post, not a day or en houi absei t I have
\oted on all Occa'iOi s, ha%e Leen tie watchful
end, to the event of nv r up ble abi'mes, the
faithful sentn el o n ^he r ghts and ire 1 o nr of
the d.stnct -id Sate I represe! t Up! ke my
honeiable colle>gueai my rignt, [Mi McCai ty,]
tl e Clerk of tm* leuse Ins not dished his pin
aciosb ny ^jsme "s i>bs°nt in the taking iue yeas
atu! 'he i a>s eighty and two times, and unlike my
colleague on the left, [Mr EwihG,]toity and seven
times
S i, my sin seems to consist chiefly in the fait,
that 1 took occas on to «ay of th  people of In-
diara, that they were as pure, 1 onest, ai d i igh-
m.nued es tne uuzens of any otner S^-ts   ii. these
