188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
February 3,
general terms of commendation, the constituents
of my colleagues [Messrs. McCarty and Ewing]
were included. They claim tins special privilege
themselves. That when they want praise, or their
interests require a defender, that their constituents
look to them.
On the eighty-two occasions when my colleague
[Mr. McCarty] was absent, a part of which time
he was in Baltimore and Philadelphia, and of my
other colleague [Mr. Ewing] on forty-seven occa-
sions, what would have been the condition of their
constituents, had their honor or their interests re-
quired an advocate?
Sir, I shall never shrink from stepping forward
as the advocate of any and every portion of In-
diana, when, in my judgment, the irinterests or
their honor shall require it at my hands.
This, sir, is a most useless and unpleasant dis-
cussion—a wanton waste of the time of the House,
and the noney of the people, and all this occa-
sioned by my colleagues, by this wanton and un-
called for assault. How much better, how much
more honorable, if my colleagues had vied with
me, in serving our common constituents, to force
through this House, by all proper means, the
various local and general bills in which they feel
so much interest; to which the people of the State
look with so much anxiety.
In this laudable strife I will most cheerfully
engage. I have no other object or motive. All
my aspirations are for the public good—the inter-
est and honor of my constituents.
I ask pardon of the House for having detained
them so long, assuring the House and my col-
leagues, that on no future occasion I shall consider
it a duty to notics them, other than in manly and
honorable debate, in promoting the interest of my
constituents and the people of the State.
Mr. McCARTY. This controversy, Mr. Speak-
er, is unpleasant, but it is not of my seeking. It
has been forced upon me, and although uninter-
esting to this House, I must be permitted to say
one wordin reply to the gentleman's [Mr. Lane's]
remarks, in reference to the non-appearance of my
name upon the list of yeas and nays, upon several
occasions. I had been repeatedly informed, during
the last and present session of Congress, by sev-
eral honorable members of this House, as well as
several of its officers, that the gentleman [Mr.
Lanjb] was in the habit of examining the Clerk's
books, and taking extracts from them, to show
the absence of his colleagues, whan their names
were called: and I have, Mr. Speaker, known,
that he had written on to my district, and pub-
lished this fact, accompanied with other remarks,
regardless of truth, disreputable and unbecoming
the station he fills.                                                    °
But I could not believe it possible that the gen-
tleman would have had the face, hard and un-
blushing as I know it is, to have got up in this
House, before the assembled representatives of
the nation, and voluntarily given testimony to his
own depravity. Has there ever before been an
instance of a member of Congress, no matter by
what accident he may have got here, who has had
so little regard for himself as to have descended
to so low and disgraceful a practice? What! a
member of Congress, representing a highminded,
intelligent, and patriotic people, ¡n the constant
habit of taking, if not filchine, from the Clerk's
papers, means by which to charge arid slander his
colleagues at home! Not only so, but that he
should openly acknowledge and avow it here, in
aepeech logo forth to thecountry. When f shall
have so far lost sight of all principles of propriety,
courtesy, and honorable deportment towards my
colleagues and this House, with assumptions of
saint-like sanctity, with the pretensions of regard
which the gentleman in his snsech the other'day
professed for his colleagues, and at the same time
make such disclosures of my own conduct, as the
gentleman has of himself upon this occasion, I
should feel myself no longer worthy the trust
connded to me.
I have known for a long time the gentleman had
indulged in this habit, but for the honor of the
State, and the feelings of those he represents, I
forbore to speak of it. f preferred to risk the
in jury he intended to in flirt upon me, by ¡his course
of conduct, rather than it should be generally
known (hat one who could or would descend to ■
such a practice, held a seat in this Hall. But it
can be concealed no longer; he has himself made
this disclosure.
Sir, I will pursue this subject no further. It is
painful to speak of it. I will leave the gentleman
to enjoy all the honor and glory he may have fan-
cied himself to have acquired by publishing his
own infamy; and I will not, sir, descend to notice
anything he may say. One word in reference to
myself, upon the subject of my absence from my
seat on some occasions, unon the call of the yeas
and nays. You know, Mr. Speaker, that mem-
bers are necessarily and unavoidably many times
absent from their seats, in the discharge rjf their
various duties in the committee rooms, and at the
public offices, in addition to their absence some-
times from sickness. I know this is not a matter
for discussion here—that it is a subject between
me and my constituents, and to whose judgment
and decision I will most cheerfully submit it; and
with no fearful apprehensions of the result, when
I return among them and submit the Journals of
this House, that they may know ho v often I
have been absent from my seat, during the four
years they have honored me with their confidence.
1 have not examined them, nor will I. My con-
stituents have not yet complained of any neglect
of attention to their interest; and when they do,
permit me to tell the gentleman he is the last man
on the floor of this House whom they would call
upon, either for aid or information. Sir, many of
my constituents know that man; yes, sir, they
know him, and, thank Heaven, many who do not
know him personally, know his character, and
what estimate to Dut upon it.
Mr. EWING.' Mr. Speaker, "How use doth
breed a habit in a man." The member [Mr.
Lane] has strongly exemplified the truth of this
remark—contradicting, yet persisting in the truth
of all he has said. After disclaiming, on a former
occasion,any wish lo detract from his colleagues'
standing, avowing himself unworthy of a seat on
this floor when he should be capable of doing so,
the House now sees that he still resorts to false
and injurious charges, direct and implied, to ac-
complish the purpose of his original falsehood
which my colleague [Mr. McCartv] and myself
have distinctly exposed. His disposition and
habits are thus clearly manifested in his course,
and I disdain to animadvert further. If the charge
that I have been absent during the lastand present
sessions forty times, when the yeas and nays were
called, was intended to impress the people of Indi-
ana that 1 have neglected the business of the State,
or my immediate constituents, my reply is, that
the charge is false. I may, for aught I know,
have been absent as often as he has stated when
the yeas and nays were called upon collateral ques-
tions; but if he'intended to intimate that I have
been in Baltimore or Philadelphia while the House
was in session—[HereMr. Lane said he had not
asserted any sucn thing ] Mr. Ewing resumed:
Then let that pass. The member [Mr.- Lane]
omitted to mention the number of times himself
and his other colleagues had been absent. Por
myself, ¡ have so much office business to transact,
that the number of nws'ng votes are fewer than I
had apprehended. Dut with one exception—last
session, in relation to the Bank of the United
States, not conceived to be properly before the
House—I have never avoided a vote, nor lost one
by neglect.
The melancholy circumstances alluded to by the
member, [Mr. Lane,] as a pretext for much he
has said,l will notrotice; but his implied censure
of my course i ran only regard with contempt.
On this, as on  all other occasions, I have done
what duty to my self and constituents required-.and,
holding myself  kvays ready to reciprocate kind- i1
ness, I am equally prepared tj resent imposition,   I
insult,and injury.    I willonlyadd thatthecharge j
of envying the member is too ridiculous to require I
any other correction than flatdenlal.   Icanneither ||
envy nor imitate that member, in his principles, ¡I
pretensions, disposition, or character.     He has !|
said that it is " a wanton waste of time"to correct ¡Í
all his misrepresentations.    1  now join in  that ji
opinion,  and abstain  from  adverting to  many, ||
which, I trust, the people at home are sufficiently- ji
advised   to appreciate as they deserye.    Of this it
number I pasa over his preposterous pretension !i
l to extraordinary services in this House, and his
remark upon politicians who "abandoned their
first love." All such impositions can be detected
without notice here, and 1 think it unnecessary to
say more.
Mr. PLUMMER said he was very anxious for
the passage of this resolution; but he had ascer-
tained, and was authorized to state thar, if that
part relating to the production of a map was re-
tained, the call could nut be answered during the
present session of Congiess. He wished to sub-
mit a motion to strike out that part relating to
maps.
The CHAIR stated the question was on the
amendmentsubmittedby the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and asked the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Ptr/MMSR] if he wished to offer an
amendment to that?
Being answered in the negative,
Mr. CLOWNEY asked for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was not sustained by one-fifth, the
requisite number of votes.
Mr. CLAY then submitted an amendment, con-
stituting a select committee on the subject. He
remarked, that neither himself nor constituents
could have any personal interest in the matter,
but he believed the proposition he had just sub-
mitted indicated the most suitable course for the
House to pursue.
Mr. LOVE opposed this amendment; and on
the question of its adoption demanded the yeas and
nays.    They were ordered.
And after some conversation between Messrs.
BOON, LOVE, and ASHLEY, they were taken,
and the amendment was rejected: Yeas 22, nays
Mr. PLUMMER then moved to strike out that
part of the resolution relating to maps.
Mr. GRENNELL opposed the motion. He
thought it would tend to defeat the principal object
of the resolution, as the maps and surveys were
deemed to constitute the most important informa-
tion sought for. It was not the separate plats
that were desired, as seemed to be the impression
of some gentlemen, but a single and general map;
and he could not think the expense or trouble
would be so great as to prevent the call being
answered at the present session. However that
might be, he deemed the map of sufficient impor-
tance to justify the delay. When it was known
that this investigation .was ordered and progres-
sing, that fact alone would have a tendency to
deter further frauds, if any now existed.
Mr. PLUMMER, after expressing his readiness
to be governed by the opinions of gentlemen
around him, in facilitating business, withdrew his
motion to amend.                                           *
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution,as reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs; and it was adopted without a di-
vision.
On motion of Mr. MAÑN, of New York,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 3, 1835.    .
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of A.J. Donll-
s<™, Esq., hij Private Secretary, giving informa-
tion that he had approved and signed the bill
making 'an appropriation to repair the military
barracks at New Orleans.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the revenue
which accrued from the duties upon merchandize,
for the year 1833.
Also,a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the appropria-
tions made for the naval service for the year 1834.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting abstracts of the general returns
of the militia of the United States
MEMORIAL PRESENTED.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
convention of delegates assembled at Brownsville
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation to im-
