1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
prove the Monongaheia nver, from Brownsville to
l'iUKlvir."-!!", whictt was referred to me Committee
on Commerce.                                                               (
RCP/IiTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. S1LS13EE, from the Ciromittee on Com-
meice, to which sundry pe'itions on the subject
weie referred, reported a bill fr:i g the number
and nay of the custom-house officers of the Uni-
ted S.a'es;  which was read twice, and made, the
spe'iai orJei f^r Monday next.
Mr. PüINDEXí'ER, from th.
;ie Committee on
Pu.'iiC Land?, Vi which was referred the bill sup-
plementary to the lie granting preemption rights
to settlers on the public lands, rep,i ted the same
without amendment; and gave notice that v/hen
the bill should be called up, he would move for
its indefinite posfoooement.
Mr. POINDEXPER, from the same commit-
tee, reported a b.ll for the relief of the heirs of
James Laiham, deceased.
Mr. P01NDEXPER, fiom the same commit-
tee, to which was reco-umuted the bill for the
relief of Duncan L. Chnch, repoited the same
with an amendment, which was c incurred in, and
the bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of citizens of Michihmackniac, praying a
grant of a township of land to md in the instruc-
tion of Indian youths at that place; and the com-
mittee were discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to prov.de for
the transoortaiion of the mail and other property
of the United States, on the eastern section of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Cana!; which was read the
first time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of Timothy M. Ranneau.
Mr. ROB BINS, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a j )int resolution authorizing an
equestrian bronze statue of Washington to be exe-
cuted; which was read twice, and referred to the
Library Committee.
The resolution submitted by Mr. CLAY, de-
claring that the resolutions from Alabama, in-
structing their Senators to use their exertions to
have the resolution of censure, adopted by the
Senate at the last session, expunged from the
Journals, oaght not to be teceived, wa3 taken up
for consideration.
Mr. CLAY said, that when he submitted the
resolution, he stated that he did not intend any
action on it, until some movement should be made
relative to those resolutions.. Till then, he moved
to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution submitted by Mr. WAGGA-
MAX, for an inquiry, by a select committee, into
the expediency of establishing a branch of the
United States Mint at New Oileans, was taken
up, considered, ynd agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a joint resolution author-
izing tne purchase of certain paintings now in t is
city, to be placed in the President'.! House.
Mr. P. remarked, that the paintings which it
was in contemplation to purchase, might be ar-
rayed gracefully m the President's House, and in
places, too, where they were needed. lie thought
the expenditure wits within the powers delegated
by the C institution, and as vast txpeudiiuies had
already been made for ornaments of that building,
he thought this one q ute as appropriate—oue
which would last for ages, and would be honor-
able to u.e nation. lie moved in this matter, be-
cause he could not 'ne suspected of being actuated
by any persona! feeling. He had not been in that
House for twenty years, and thought it probable
he might not be in it for twenty years tocóme;
but he thought the paintings would be appropri-
ate and tasteful to the house,and therefore ne had
oifered the proposition to purchase them.
The resolution was read the first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
The amendments made by the Jlouse to the
joint resolution authorizing a gold medal to be
ftruck and presented to Lieut. Colonel Croghan,
and swords to the officers who were under his
command at Fori. Sandusky, were taken up, and
concurred in.                                                    r
H ¡USE BILLS.
I    The following bills fiom the House were taken
up, read twice, and committed:
The bill making appropriations for thecivil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the vear
1835;                                                                     '
The bill for the relief of Thomas Buford;
The bill amending the act for constructing a
bridge over the Potomac at Washington city, and
repealing all othu- acts relating thereto; and
A joint resolution authoring a gold medal to
be struck in honor of the battle of the Cowpens.
REGISTER OP DEBATES.
The joint resolution aulhorizir.z the purchase of
Gales & Beaton's Register of Debates, to sup-
p'y the new Senators at the present session, was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
, Mr. HILL desired that a day might be assigned
for considering this subject, which lie thought
required some investigation; and suggested Tues-
day next.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to lay it on the
table, for the purpose of allowing further time to ■■
obtain certain infoimation which the Senate had
required  the Secre'ary of tiie Senate to obtain; ;
winch was agreed to.                                                  I
MODE OF ELECTING SENATE PRINTER.       !
The joint resolution repealing a joint resolution
prescribing the mode of electing the printer of the
' Senate, cune un on a second reading.                      ¡
Mr. BENTON said he did not think it neces-
sary that this resolution should go to a committee.
A commitment was only necessary to examine <
details or investigate principles.   Such was the ¡
case with the force act two years ago, which was ,
not committed, because  there was   but a single
point in it.    Neither were the rules of the Senate
imperative on this subject, and there was nothing
in this proposition which required the supervision :
of a committee, for the point was a single one.
Cut his objection to sending it to a committee was
more substantial,   it was because, two years ago, ]
a similar proposition intioduced and submitted to
a committee, which the committee did not find
leisure to act on until the time had gone by which
it was designed to apply to—until after the elec-
tion of the public printer had taken place, which .
: the resolution was intended to prevent. Then it
came back without the crossing of a ¡, or the dot-
ting of an i.    He no  objected to the commit-
. ment for the same reason. He would not move to
refer the resolution, but he asked the action of
the Sena'e on it at once.
Mr. MANGÜM thought it ought to be referred,
and we cou'd have a "report in .1 day or two.
The proposition was an imnortant one—going to
change the usages of this House, which were of
fifteen years' standing. He moved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON said, he resumed his seat for the
purpose of giving an opportunity to any member
to make a motion to refer, if necessary. He was
not a member of the committee indicated by the
gentleman who had jast sat down. He would
baiely state, that it v/ae the inherent right of
every public body to provide itself with iis own
officers; and since the íesolution of ISIS—'19 had
been in force and opeiation.be looked on the pub-
lic printer as an officer of ¡he House, and a very
, responsible one. Under tiie Constitution of the
United States, it belongs to each House to choose
its own officers. In this view he considered the
existing resolution a dead letter, which might well
be disregarded by both Houses. But he did not
wish to proceed in this way. As the act was
upon the statute-book, he proposed to remove it
in the ordinary way.
Mr. POINDEXTER said, if we adopted the
resolution, we would be nine montha_ without
a public printer; anil the simple question was,
whether we should leave no printer in existence,
or choose one in advance. The i0.er he thought
best.
Mr. MANGTJM said, as there seemed to be an
important piinciple involved in the proposition, he
would move to refer it to the Judiciary Committee,
instead of the one he indicated, who could very
speedily act upon it.
Mr. BENTON*said the whole object of sending
it to a committee was to perfect its details. He
had no objection to its going to a committee, or
preference for any particular one if it would re-
turn again. But he was not willing to let it go to
the tomb of the Capulets, never to return. As to
having a printer in the recess, it was an abuse
which had grown up of late vears. Before the
passage of the resolution of 1818-19, the Clerk
of the^ House, and the Secretary of the Senate,
were directed to make provision for having the
public printing executed. When that resolution
passed, it changed the mode by which the print-
ing had been done. It was passed on the 3d
March, 18 9, just at the breaking up of Congress,
and one of the terms embraced in it, was, that
the printer was to give bond for the prompt and
faithful execution of the work. Prompt was the
word first used, and if he failed in having it exe-
cuted promptly, the Cierk and Secretary were to
go on and have it executed as they had formerly
done, and if any loss accrued thereby, ft was to
be at his expense. The vacation printer then,
was an abuse which had grown up since that
period. And no sooner was he thus created than
he went to work immediately, to instemti, to rum-
mage the old documents and files, to find out
every possible kind of printing which could be
done—obtain authority for doing it, and let it lie
over for the vacation. And so successful had the
printers been in this work, that members some-
times were the innocent cause of procuring print-
ing to be done to the amount of thousands of
dollars, which was not worth as many cents. One
job, within his recollection, which it was said
would cost $1.500, had since cost §46,000, which
was not worth one straw; and which notone mem-
ber would read after it was finished. Another
document was in his eye on the table, containing
630 pages, with a great proportion of it table work,
forwhich he believed three prices was paid. This
work was ordered to be done on the 9ih Decem-
ber, 1834, and it had just been laid on our tables.
Mr. B. said let any gentleman look over it, and
see what was contained in it, that was not printed
before, and then say what use he could make of it.
In a short time we should have another portion of
it coming in by instalments.
And thus while we were receiving instalment
after instalment, and octavo volume after octavo
volume, not one document in it would be read,
and if it should be read, itwould beof no manner
of use afterwards. It was a mere farce, and an
abuse which resulted by having an officer in vaca-
tion. The Senate were engaged in looking for
abuses in the administration of the Government,
and none v^ere so great as those which existed in
this body. Within seven years the Senate had
put on its seven league boots, and had taken
strides of twenty-one miles at a time. It became
us to look at our own conduct, and arrest the
extravagant abuses which this business of print-
ing had engendered. It had degenerated into
making fat jobs for the printer, and presents to
ourselves; and while another matter was in hia
recollection, he would take the opportunity to
oiTer a compliment to the honorable gentleman
from Georgia, which he well merited, for having
arrested at the last session, when it was about to
pass almost sub st/raiio, a project which would
have taken thousands more from the Treasury.
He would inquire of that honorable gentleman
whether he Lad made a calculation of the probable
expense of that projected job, and how much it
was ?
Mr. KING replied, that he cou'.d not answer
the inquiry accurately, but from the best inform-
ation he had obtained, it would have been about
$30,000
Mr. BENTON observed, after that, he would
no more.
Mr. LEIGH.    What was the proposition ?
Mr. KING It was for reprinting the old Jour-
nals, &.c, of Congress.
The resolution was then referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The bill making an appropriation of five millions,
