li 35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
Mr. NAUDAIN presented a j nnt resolution of
the Legi'iatme of \> iuwaie, praying an appro-
priation f)r the improvement of the harbor at New
OaWe
Mr. LEIGH, from the Jud.ciary Committee,
to winch Wus referred lie bill for the relief of
Theodore Br.^htwe'l, reported the same without
amendment, hutvviih an exr ession of op'monon
the pait uf the cirami'tee that the bill cug! t not
to pa>s
Mr. TIPTON' presented the following lesolu-
tion, which, on his motion, was considered and
adopted:
Jles'hcl, That the Secretary of War le re-
queued to tian m.t to the ferrate a copy of the
report, plan, and esii-nate of Liejteiant Cernen,
the officer charge 1 with the «urveynf the mouth
of Trail Cic-k, at M'chigan Chv, Ind.ana, with a
View to the construction ot a haibur at thatpkce.
On motion of Mr FRCL1NGH UYSEN, ¡he
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by lam on Monday
las':
Resolved, That the Commr'ee on the Judiciary
i'iqu le into the'xpcj'cney of annexing thefourth
circuit to th- third judi'isl circuit, and of so ar-
ranging th° cr „it ivsten i>suo extei d its benefits
to all the State , uy sev e i or more circuits.
Mr r -til )'e t'e-iret' briefly to exr'a .1 the
motives which h"d i-i'ntl him to effer the reso-
lut on ¡c umniiel two distinct propositions:
one t > annex the ri ti'h j i(J "'jl en cauto t!ie third;
the other to e>.n.'i 1 the uti eft cf tlie circuit sys-
tem to all par s of the United S ates A very
happy occa«i ii h-d en\cd for uritirg the thud
and lourth d « r ci-, ond d -reren g A.tli one of
thejjdies m the A lintio S a.es, a vacancy occa-
sioned not bv deaJi, not by leinov il, 1 ut 1>> the
■voluntary and foiui^ite re ig'is'ion t f the indi-
vidual ho.dm  the o'Tice M F did not thít k
any d saJv„m >ge wou'd an--  from the extent of
the circuí' ai er the union "roposed, it would not
exceed the event of the district co"ipased of the
New England S-ate«; and he was happy to have
it m his powei to sta'e tint the present judge in
the third circuí* would willingly take unon him-
self the addi ni a! duties which would anse from
such an ananaemcht The facilities afforded by
steamboat navrgat.on v. ould enab'e the j dge to
transport hirnetIf to ary part of either district m
a few houis. W.lii icgard to the o'her part of
the resolution, Mr I" wert on to stale that, by a
new anurgtmeiil ( f the western distnc's, ai nex-
mg Indiana to the «ev endi, and A'susma tu tiie
sixth, ai d the crea ,o.i of s new dis'iict, embra-
cing the new S oto-, <n the West, the benefits of
this system might be extei deli to the whole Union.
Trie resolution was agieed to                                 !
Mr KENT, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, ii iroduce I a bill for 'he lehef of Son-.erviile
Pinekney,  adinun-vtrator dt  Innts no i of----------
VVil mms, dice sel                                                       I
Mr OL \Y sai • he held in his hand, and asked
leave to r e e' t, a piemmnl and certain lesolu-
tions from a Council held t. Ruimn? Waters, of a
por-ion of the Cherokee lnutans i'heCherokees
iiad a country, (if it lOiild any longer be called ,
the rco miry.'- Ivingni the States of Geotgia. A'a- |
bami, MisMiMpi i, and Tennessee, containirg a
population of about lit tetti thousand ÜÍ thispop-
iilation nufh the ;,e.i ei part was in the S ate of
Georgii It was veil known that, for several
jears pa-.!, it h >d been the po,i;y of this Gove.n-
ment to tr.ui^fti the t. herohee Inumis west of the
Mismí, i 'pi, ti.d a port.nn of ihe ti.oe had availed
the'Ti-ithe  ut (tie o >  >i mnity, and tne facilities
rflouled them t >r going the e, but a ¡ ortion of
them were di-posed to icpinn These proceed-
ing, cue f.oi , the ,ninoi p <ition ef them, who |
were dr nous of ennci J'ltitf, vvlio said thev found '
it itn,i t-s,ble to liw u u!tr law! which they could
not understand. ui.J v. hah they did not pirticipate
in freimng, and thev t-a'd that destruction wis
bans ng uvei them if t'.tv continued wiliin the
Un.ied fi'ito. tint self government among them-
selves wasde^tri'Ved, ind they prelened exile, vuth
liberty, rather than a rc'dri i.e in th"ii aceitstomed
homes, with silvery I'hey irked this Govern-^
ment to p.-ouda means to ira^sfoil them west of ¡
the Mississippi, with guarantees of political rights '
and self government,never to be destroyed. These
were the objects of theCouncil of Running Waters.
But he (Mr. C.) took the present occasion to give
his own opinions on this entire subject, and to
express the general sentiments which he enter-
tained of the relations exisfng between the Indian
tribes and the people of the United States The
rights of the tribes were to be ascertained by solemn
stipulations of numerous treaties. It would be
found fiom the examination that fourteen different
treaties had been made with the Cnerokee Indians
—some one or more of which were concluded
under some one of the Administrations of tn>s
Government, down to the present time, with the
exception of the two last Administrations. The
treaty of Hopewell, made in 1785, was the first,
tne third amele of which declaied that the Indians
were placed under the p-otection of the United
States, and no other sovereign wl ate"cr The
next treaty v/as concluded, und *- the auspices of
'he Father of his country, in 1791, and guarantied
to the Cherckees the undisturbed er joymeniof all
the lands which were not cede*]. 1 henexttieaty
was in 1794. and that, too, under the auspices of
General Washington, and containing a solemn
guarantee that ah parts of the foimer treaties
relating to theCherokees were binding on the par-
ties. By another treaty, made in 1798, it was
stionlated that the treaties subsisting between the
contracting parties were in fud force ard opeia-
tion. The last treaty was concluded in 1817, and
it recognized the difference between the two por-
tions of the Cherokee nador, and renewed the
provision that the existing relations between the
two parties were to copt.nue in force; and to this
n aty wis affixed the signature of the present
C net Magistrate, as one of the negotiators on the
pait of the United States He also called the
attention of the Senate to the treaty of Grenville,
made forty years ago, recognising the same gen-
eral principle "That the tribes should be permitted
'hunting, or any other pursuit, and «hen they
• chose to makesaleoftheu lands, it should be only t
'to the United States." In this treaty, too, they
acknowledged themselves to be under the protection
of the United States, and no other power Such
were the nahts which were recognised by treaPes,
to he Indian tribes in the United S.ates, and in
addition, the guarantee that they were to live under
their own laws, without any interruption or moles-
tation. He contended, too, that these rights had
been recognised by the Supreme Com t of the Uni-
ted States on several occasions In one case it
was declared "that the Indians had an unqnes- ,
1 tioned and unquestionable right to the lands they
'occupied, until their r'ght was extinguished by
' voluntary ce^bion to our Government." Dutthese
Indian rights were farther recogaised on one of the
most interesting occasions known to tlvs Govern-
rient- He alluded to the negotiations between
Great Britain and the Uni'ed S'a'es, for the term-
ination of the kte w>r The hinie en winch the
ne20tiaiioi turned, ne had a distinct «collection,
was the cla'in brought forward ia' the British
negotiators in behalf of the Indians, and which
they held as a «ae ijui ".ton to the conclusion of a
tieaty of oeace—wiat the Indians, l.eraihes, should
be included in that treaty—that they s >ould have
a peimanent boundary assigned then, and that
neithei pauy should be at Iibeity to purchase the
landb tney set npait. Bat the Ameucan com
missioner  woo'd' not listen to the proposition  o
much as to re*"ei ¡t to their Government, informing
¡he B.it.sh commissioners that, if they did so,
they vveie sme it would meet wnh a most prompt
reaction. They sta'ed that the Indians lived under
their own customs, and not the hwsof the United
States, and thit they were pHced under the pro-
tection of the United States slcne, whether they
weie su'>)(cis oi otherwise. The correspondence
finally teimtnated in a proposition towhHi the
Americi n commissioners assented, that the Ui i-
ted States shoul 1 do their besterdeavois toies'me
peace uuh the Indians wiih wl ich they vveie at
wai, and íestoie to them all the rights and privi-
leges they enjo; ed prior to the commencement
oí hostilities. And ne declared it to be his belief
that, if the Indian lights had not be n thus de-
clared, theie would have been a prolcgat'on of
thevu     If then their rights and tieat.es were
j now to be disregarded, were we not justly charge-
able with having procured a treaty upon sugges-
tions which were unfounded and erroneous > Thus
had the Indian ngh'a been recognised by every
branch of this Government at home and abroad,
and not only this, but the fulfillment of the stipu-
lations of treaties was repeatedly urged by Georgia
upon the Government m 1S02
Mr. C. said he wished to turn the attention of
the Senate to the nature of the wrongs th's people
1 ad suffered—to the present condition of the Cher-
. kees, whose lands had been guarantied by the
United States. He went into the examination
with the utmost feelings of sorrow and regret at
the miserable state to which these tribes were
reduced by the laws of the Stafs. But he would
assure the honorab'e Senators from Georgia he
was actuated by no hostile intentions to that State.
Georgia was the first that made these encroach-
ments, she originated the plan of invading the
Indian rights,and she had carried it far beyond a1!
Others He had not all these various laws before
him. It was not necessary to go into details; it
was sufficient to notice the results. By the first
act Geo gia abolished the Government of the Cher-
okee ration. No nation (said Mr. C ) can exist
without a Government of some kind. ■ These peo-
ple had formed and establ shed a Government in
imitation of our own. But it was wholly imina-
tenal whai. the humble form of that Governm-nt
miqht be. Georgia had abohshed it. She next
] roceeded to divide their territories into counties,
and distribute them by lotteries among her citi-
zens—every head of a family being entitled to the
land drawn asainst his number. She did indeed
íeserve a sma'i pittance of a few acres for those
Indians who wished to remain within her limits,
butundercucumstances that rerdered them worth-
less. She gave them no rights, no franchise, no
single pnvilege. They were denied the power of
testifying in courts ot justice No Indian eould
be a witness in favor of his fellows. Thus had
Geoigia proceeded, by continued aggressions, to
invade and destroy the rights of the Indians. By
a hte law they are denied even the privilege of
appealing to a foreign tribunal They did once
appeal from the injustice and violence of Georgia
to the district court of the United States; and
the judge, in the performance of his sacred duties,
granted them an n,junction. But what was the
result' Another act of wrong and insult; a lavs-
concerning the gold districts. It was the pursuit
of gold that led the Spaniards in Mexico and Peep
to desolate those beautiful lands and deluge them
with blood. Mr. C. here read a section of the
law concerning the appointment of agents, and
granting a military force when any opposition was
offered. After (continued Mr. C.)having distrib-
uted the land by lotteries, grants were made and
sgents appointed If an Indian dared to oppose
the agent who was drrvmg him from his home, he
was seized by a mihtaiy force, without a trial,
and without an investigation, whilst a citizen in
such cases would be entitled to the benefits of the
la iv-------
Mr CUTIIBERT here interrupted Mr. Clay.
He did not think the remarks consistent with the
occas.on.
Mi. CLAY explained, and then proceeded.
The courts of Georgia (said Mr. C ) are restrained
from granting injunctions, unless the Indian, on
coming into couit, shall first acknowledge the right
of Georgia to pass the laws. Thus he is com-
pelled to"ienounce his Indian rights, so that he is
loiever baned from appealing to the courts of the
General Government.
Mr. C protested he had no feelings hostile to
Geoieia, and in the lemarks he was auout to offer
he should carefully abstain from the use of every
epi het that mijht be construed into an unkind
fee'mg tow aids her.
1 he v\ hole power of the State, (said Mr. C ,)
both civd and military, is brought to bear on the
Indians. The law pievents Indian testimony
from being brought in their defence. Their rights
aie si'irendeied to a State where they have no
vo>ces, whose laws they do not understand, and
whose language to them is aforeisn tongue. Sir,
it .s impossible to conceive of a community more
niiseiaole, tnoie wietched. Even the lot cf the
Antean s'ave was prefetable, far preferable to the
