10C                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          _________February 4,
sondition of this unhappy nation. The interest of
the master prompts him to protect his slave. But
what mortal will care for, who will protect the
suffering, injured Indian, shutout from the family
of man? Such was the case of the Cherokees.
He had one more remark before he offered his
propositions to the Senate. Was there a remedy?
he inquired.
If we had no power, if we had no right to inter-
fere, then we could offer them only our sympa-
thies and consolations; but we were not thus pow-
erless; our hands were not bound. It would be
recollected there were two classes: the one, those
who wished to emigrate-, the other, those who de-
sired to remain. With regard to the first, our
rights were ample; the power of the United States
over her territory was absolute; there could be no
question on that point.
But in regard to those who wished to remain on
this side of the river, were we powerless, must
we sit still and behold their wrdngs? Why, he
asked, have we contracted the obligation ? Why,
by solemn treaties, guarantied to them these rights
and privileges and possessions?
These were solemn declarations, made in the
face of England, of Europe, of the world. Geor-
gia had shut her doors upon them. Let us now
open to them ours. The Constitution provides for
all rases arising under treaties. The Indians are
entitled to come into the courts of the Uniied States
in support of their rights; and if we have the
power, are we not bound by every sacred obliga-
tion to afford them redress? Revelation informs
us of a day of retribution; and if we disregard the
cries of the oppressed and suffering Indians—if
we continue to heap wrong upon wrong, and in-
jury upon injury, how shall we hope to escape
the righteous judgments of Heaven?
We are now urging upon Prance her obligation
to regard her solemn stipulations. What force
would it give to our arguments, if we could tell
her we have always fulfilled all our treaties. How
shall we stand before the world, if we suffer these
fourteen treaties to be violated ? How shall we ap-
pear to civilized nations, if we disregard all these
obligations to protect this unfortunate people?
How appear to Great Britain? How would he, a
commissioner who negotiated the treaty with her,
be looked upon? For himself, he rejoiced he had
been spared and allowed the opportunity to ex-
press his feelings in behalf of this unhappy people.
If we do our duty, it will be a consolation upon
our bed of death, which, to him, could not be very
distant.
Mr. C; then submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the expediency of
making further provision by law to enable Indians
or tribes, to whose use and occupancy lands are
secured by treaties concluded between them and the
United States, to defend and-maintain their rights
to such lands in the courts of the United-States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of
making further provisions by law for setting apart
a district of country west of the Mississippi river,
such of the Cherokee nation as may be disposed to
emigrate and occupy the same, and for securing
in perpetuity the peaceful and undisturbed enjoy-
ment thereof to the emigrants and their descend-
ants.
_ Mr. CUTHBERTsaidthatthissubjecthad been
introduced altogether unnecessarily, itwasasub-
jsct that could not be tried here. Georgia did not
plead before this tribunal. He did not plead for
lier here To what purpose, then, were the Sen-
n'orsfMr. Clay's) remarks? Were they for show ?
We ail were willing to acknowledge his merits, Ins
powers, and his eloquence. Was it to display his
rhetoric—to charm us with his measured tones—to
delight us with a theatrical exhibition? We may
abk, what pari Roscius will next enact? Does
he talk of the dignity of Georgia, and at the same
time compare her acts to Peruvian and Mexican
wrongs? Does he talk of respect to Georgia, while
he tells you she is actuated by a most detestable
thirst for gold, by which she is urged on to the
perpetration of wrongs and injuries upon a de-
fenceless people? Talk of respect! He asked no
such respect. Why talk of the day of judgment?
Are the injured shades of all the red men, whose
bones are scattered over our country from Maine
to Mississippi, to be conjured up against her?
Must Georgia be loaded with all the injuries and
wrongs these people have suffered?
Mr. WHITE. Mr. President, I feel it to be
my duty to make a few remarks upon this subject
before the present question is disposed of.
When I came to the Senate this morning, I did
not know of the intention of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky to present this memorial, and of
course I cannot be prepared for the discussion of
the subject.
.Although I cannot hope anything I may have
it in my power to say will have an y influence with
the Senate, yet as the subject is one of great im-
portance to the United States, as well as to the
Indians, I think the remarks of the honorable
Senator call for some reply.
The object of the memorial is one I heartily
approve. The memorialists are a portion of the
Cherokees, residing within the limits of the State
of Georgia. They wish to emigrate west of the
Mississippi, and there have a country assigned to
thern, where they can live under a government
of their own choice, preserve as far as they may
think right their own customs, exercise their priv-
ileges in endeavoring to promote the civilization
of their own people, and having them instrucsed
in the doctrines of Christianity. They wish the
United States to furnish them a country to go to,
to be at the expense of their removal, and to give
them suitable guarantees that they shall never be
disturbed in the country to which they may emi-
grate.
If any additional legislation is found necessary
upon this subject, it wdl give me sincere pleasure
to afford my aid in all suitable enactments.
But in presenting the memorial and resolutions,
the honorable Senator has gone into a discussion
of the powers of the States, and the manner in
which their powers have been exerted over the
Indians.
I do not believe any benefit is likely to result to
the people of the United States, or to the Indians,
from such discussions; but as the subject has been
introduced, it is due to the States that, at least,
some of the grounds upon which they have acted,
should be brought to the notice of the Senate.
What was the condition of the Indians, within
the limits of the Slates, at the close of the revolu-
tionary war?
The people of the United States declared their
independence; the revolutionary war, in mainte-
nance of that declaration, terminated in a treaty of
peace in 1783. Thelimitsand boundsof the States
are described in that treaty. Each of the States,
within its territorial limits, believed it was free,
sovereign, and independent, and that a majority
had a right to prescribe whatever rules they pleased
for the government of every person, of every age,
sex,and color, within their acknowledged bound-
aries.
Each of these States believe that they still pos-
sess all these powers, except so far as they have
expressly granted them to the Federal Government
for the good of the whole.
The Articlesof Confederation gave to the Federal
Government power to regulate trade and inter-
course with the Indians, but contains an express
proviso that Congress shall not interfere with the
territorial rights of the States.
The first treaty with the Cherokees was made
in 1785, and although the articles referred to were
then in force, the lands allotted to the Indians
included a large portion of the territory of North
Carolina.
That State was not inattentive to her rights.
She had an agent present when the treaty was
negotiated, and he there entered the solemn protest
of his State, more than once against this exercise
of Federal power.
These protests are still on record, and can yet
be produced, at any time the Senate may desire.
The next treaty with the Cherokees was after
the present Constitution was adopted.
In the meantime, North Carolina had been
urged to cede her western lands to the United
States, and one motive for this was, that the United
States would be the better enabled to regulate their
affairs with the Cherokees, it being then-, beiieyed
they all, or nearly all, lived on those lands.
In 1789, North Carolina, yielding to these soli-
citations, made the cession.
The vacant lands, after satisfying all existing
claims against North Carolina, were the property
of the United States, who also had the sole pov/er
'of legislation. The United States, thus owning
the vacant soil, and having the enthe sovereignty
and jurisdiction, and still believing the Cherokees
resident upon this territory, made the treaty of
Holston in 1791.
After arguing upon the boundary between the
whites and the Indians, there is an express guar-
antee to the Indians of their lands. This, if my
memory serves me, is the first guarantee to these
Indians. This guarantee was inserted, not by the
mere motion of our'Commissioner, but by the ex-
press instructions of President Washington. The
reason of this is obvious to me. General Wash-
| ington believed, at that day, the country guaran-
i tied to the Indians was a tract, over which the
United States alone had the sovereignty and juris-
diction,and that they were the owners of the soil;
that neither the sovereign, nor tetritorial rights of
any State were invaded by such a stipulation, and
that it would be the means of preventing future
encroachments upon the Indians.
We now know by our own Executive Journal,
kept secret until a few years past, that when the
first agreements with Indians were made, after the
adoption of the Constitution, the President himself
doubted whether they ought to go through the
forms prescribed for treaties: he sent a message to
the Senate; it doubted, but eventually seems to
have acted upon the opinion, that the formal sanc-
tion of two-thirds of the Senators present, required
to ratify treaties, would be a safe rule, as to these
compacts or agreements, and the course then
adopted has been pursued ever since.
A further illustration of General Washington's
views as to the rights of States, may be given by
his conduct in relation to lands within the limits of
New York, which were attempted to be secured
to Indians, by treaty. He condemned this course
on the part of the agenj, and made it the subject
of a special letter now on record.
The tract of country ceded by the State of North
Carolina to the United States in 1789, and which
was a Territory in 1791, when the Holston treaty
was made, continued to be a Territory till Febru-
ary, 1796, when the people residing upon it framed
a constitution, and afterwards were admitted into
the Union.
In the treaties with the Cherokees subsequent
to that period, (and there were many of them, as
has been correctly said by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky,) the United States seems to have
lost sight of the distinction between their power
over a country, of which they had both the right
of sou and the jurisdiction, and one where the
States had the right of soil and jurisdiction, and to
have continued the guarantee as inserted in the
treaty of 1791.
The States, however, do not acquiesce in this
exercise of Federal power. The same opinion en-
tertained by North Carolina in 1785 is entertained
and acted upon now.
They maintain, that they are sovereign and in-
dependent communities within the whole of their
chartered limits, upon all points, where they have
not transferred their powers to the Federal Gov-
ernment.
They maintain, that these agreements, with a
portion of then- own population, are not treaties, „
within themeaning of the Constitution; and if they
deny that they have ever vested in the Federal
Government the power, by treaty, or othenvise,
with any portion of the people within their limits,
■ no matter whether the people are French, German,
or Indians, to take from the State one acre of Us
tenitory, and transfer it to any other people what-
ever.
They maintain that each State has the right,
independently of the Federal and all other Gov-
ernments, to enact such laws-for the government
of their whole.population, as in the wisdom of
their own Legislatures may seem best suited to the
interest of all; and that in the exercise of this
power, none, out of their limits, has the right to in-
terfere.
If the States are right in the operation of these
powers, it must clearly follow that they «lone have
