1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
passage through this canal, and must do this
whether freighted or empty. Look at the number
of boats that pass the canal, and the amount of
toll paid by each, and then answer if the evils com-
plained or' are not most grevious and unprece-
dented? Examine the report and you will find
that the tolls have increased every year; that not-
withstanding the company had to encounter un-
foreseen difficulties and expense and to repair and
guard against unexpected disasters, they yet
divided, for the year 1833, six per cent, on the
original stock subscribed, and also declared a
dividend of three and a half per cent, for the first
six months of the last,year, bote on the old and
new subscriptions. Sir, the dividends must in-
crease. The company has the uncontrollable
power to make them increase. But suppose they
do not. Does not the present rate of toil amount
to an oppressive impost? Let me invoke honora-
ble gentlemen to view this subject in a proper
lio-ht. Let me beseech them to examine it with
the liberal and expanded understandings of states-
men. 1 can assure them that the munificence of
Government could not be extended to citizens more
it is most unfortunate that a private company was
ever incorporated for this purpose.    The proper
way to have accomplished the public wishes, would
have been to have applied originally and directly
to this body—to have stated that the navigation of
the Ohio river was interrupted by a natural obsta-
¡ ele—that a vast portion of the country was vitally
| interested   in  overcoming  this  obstacle—lhat it
I could be done with safety and success o.nly by con-
: structmg a canal, and then demand that as it was for a
| nation's use, it should be accomplished with a nation's
: purse.    It would then havestood confessedly upon
j the same footing as applications to remove snags
I and sand bars in the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
¡ which, we know, have been removed by the sanc-
J tion of Congress.    Would Congress have refused
■ the application, in such ashapej    Could they have
| refused ?    No, sir, not when the Delaware break-
! water, and a thousand other improvements of in-
] ferior importance,  stand  as  monuments of the
\ nation's liberality.    If Congress would, or ought
| to have done so in the first instance, is there any
| legitimate reason why they should not now step
forward and assume upon trfe nation tne expense
attached to their country and its institutions than n of the construction of the canal r 1 think not.
they are or more ready to respond to the call of I1 Let me state a case which seems to me to be ap-
duty Thev are enterprising, industrious, patri- |j posite. We all know that light-houses are erected
otic They "ask but for free trade and equal lights !, and sustained at the common expense. Suppose,
—they want no more. That they have been taidy ¡| under a charter granted by Massachusetts when
in callin°- upon you, is no objection to their claim. || a colony, a private company had erected a light-
That the Government has already subscribed for |l house, and in the shape of tolls were levying a tax
a portion of the stock with the view of aiding the ¡ on vessels, to the injury and oppression of the
work is no reason why it should not now pur- \\ citizens of that and other States, and the parties
chase the whole stock and make the navigation of |! injured were to apply to Congress to purchase the
the river free to all on the terms suggested by the ¡; rights of the company, and free them from the
mmillee in their report.                                           I; exactions of the corporation, would Congress hesi-
Let not the claims of our people be prejudiced ¡; tate to do so?    Could they refuse to place the ap-
r the unfounded suspicion, that this measure is a h plicants upon the same footing with theci.izens of
■    '•    ■     .........-t. ..i.i — <■— il other Stales who paid  no tax for like benefits?
Would Congress tell them you once had a fair
claim, but it has been forfeited Ly the act of Mas-
sachusetts.    Sir, every sentiment of justice would
trick puf on foot by designing stockholders for
selfish purposes. 1 assure this body that such is
not the fact. They have no such purpose—tliey
have, they can have no molive, no inducement to
originate such a scheme. The stock is neaily at
par in the market—yields now about six percent,
per annum profit on the amount invested, and the
company have ihe chartered right to make it yield
■                        .....---.....      I do solemnly
forbid it. Every impulse of patriotism would pre-
vent it. Le' not, then, an unwise act of the Le-
gislature of Kentucky forfeit the undoubted rights
of the people of the valley of the Mississippi,
but extend to them the same measure of justice
eighteen ner centum per annum.    * *jo ou«->."../   , ~-------------    -                                       ,      c ..-.
believe that it is, or will be, the most profitable [{ that you would extend to the people of Mas.a-
stock in the.Unitcd States.    The stockholders aie :i cluisetts.
nossessed of the most valuable charter fn the coun- ,'      In «wl           ,
ny, and they know ic.    No, sir, it is the people l| voke the committee to give to this *ul jeet a fan ,
who are not stockholders that have made this gen- !  '• -•
eral movement, and have loaded our tables with \\
petitions and memorials for relief.    The stern die- ;¡
tales of justice require that Congress should yield lj
to their petitions.    Sir, let justice be done though I,
the heavens fall.    Deny not their wishes.   "Now;
is the accepted lime"to grant it if you mean ever ¡j
to grant it.    The bill precludes ihe possibility oí j
imposition upon the Government, because it limits ¡;
the price to be given at one hundred dollars a share. '•
The pinchase of the slock will cause no fiscal in- |:
convenience, no sensible effect upon the treasury,
because it will  be gradual.    By occasional pur-
chases, the Government will obtain a roajoiity oí ;;
the shares, and can thus control the manaireiient ':
of the corporation.    Let me not be understood as ,|
beinu- willing to  perpelrate injustice upon those o
\vho°have risked their funds in the adventuie—I ..
mean  no such  thing.    I  scorn to wrong either j;
them or others.     But 1 mean to say that Congress ¡I
should  assume such a  position lhat they couM
announce to ihe stockholders that the woi k should
be a  public work—that piivate interests shou.d
vieldlothegeneralgood— that.remuneration hemg
first made, it is  justifiable to appropriate private
property to the public use—that, having the power
lo prevent the imposition of exorbitant tolls, nay.
Id reduce them as low as they please, they will
feel justified in exercising that power, un.ess the
stockholders will  part with  their stock at a fair
price, and permit a g.eat highway of States to hen
free hishway     Sir, I doul.t not that the stockhold-
ers, or a majority of them, will consent to do so.
I know that some of them are willing to accede to
such a proposition.    Why then shall it not be
done?    I have heard ifstated in casual conversa-
tions, that, inasmuch as the canal is already com-
pleied.and Congress have aided to complete it, by
subscribing two hundred and ninety thousand dol-
lars of the stock, that it is all we should ask. bir,
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, let me again in-
;ti! ject a fair
li eral, and candid consideration. Let them de-
cide upon the bill under ihe influence of elevated
sentiments. Let them bear in mind that the
interests of millions is at stake. Let them recol-
lect that the bill proposed to relieve from taxation I
(excepting what may I e neessary to keep the I
canal in repair, and "pay the requisite charges of
superintendence} the commerce ihat now Hows,
and which will fl >w n. all time to come, from the
navigable sources of the AlUghany and Monon-
ffahela rivers, and all the tubut-ries of tiie Ohio
and Mississippi, down to New Oileans, and also ;
to relieve from impost what will lie biought from I
that modern Babel back to the respective heads
of na\i alion. Let them reflect seriously on this,
and then answer in good faith, if the rejection of
the bi!l under consideration will not be attended
with manifold evils, and crying injustice to the
neople of that country. Sir. let Congress act in
the premises, as becomes the Legislature of a great
nation. At the close of the year 1833, there was
paid into the national Tieasury, as the nornon of
the Government's tolls, the sum of §14 010 This
will annually increase. Let us disdain then to
fatten on the fruits of the energies of bur fallow-
citizens. Let us pass a lav/ authorizing the pin-
chase of the individual stock in the company, and
then make an offtiing of the whole on the altar
of the common good.' Let this be done with the
nation's means, because no State can, will, or
ou ht to do it. Ohio will n..t do it, Indiana will
not do it. Kentucky cannot be required to do it.
Her interest in the measure is no greater than that
of her neighbors, although the canal is constructed
through an elbow, a nook of her territory. No
one of the transmontarle States will do it with her
separate means. It will never be done with their
■united resources, because the poverty of many,
and the disagreeing, disunited, and divided coun-
cils of all, will ever prevent it. Let then, 1 repeat,
the common purse be opened to remove, now and
forever, the tax imposed on the navigation of a
river, whose waters, prolonged as they are, would
be freely empurpled with the blood of battle,
should the country's voice ever require it to flow
in her defence.
Mr. McKIM inquired at what price the stock
was in the market.
Mr. POPE replied, he had no precise informa-
tion on that point.        .    .
Mr. BURGES said this was altogether a new
project, and he had no recollection that a similar
one had ever been presented before. Congress
had frequently appropriated money for executing
public works, and for the purchase of private
property, on which to erect them; but this was a
project to pui chase of a company of stockholders
a work already completed. It was said that it
was desirable to relieve the people of the tolls, and
that the work would be profitable; but he had no
doubt they would always have to pay toll enough
to keep it in repair, and he did not believe theie
would be any profit. But there was another view
of the subject. The cost was, in all cases, paid
by the consumer, and in the one under.considera-
lion, was paid by the people of the East for
those pioductions they requhed, and by the peo-
ple of the West Indies for what they-consumed.
After some further remarks, Mr. B. concluded by
declaring his intention to vote against the propo-
sition.
Mr. VANDERPOEL  said  he had  voted  to
postpone ail the orders of the day, for the pur-
pose  of giving his friend  from Kentucky  [Mr.
Pope] the opportunity of bringing this subject,
which seemed to be a very favorite one to htm,
before the House.    He had listened to the hon-
orable gentleman with great attention-, and he wt.s
¡ sony,sofaras his honorable friend was concerned,
| that  he had   not succeeded  in   convincing him
¡ (Mr.V.)that he could on principle vote for tne bill
I under consideration.    He did not mean to make
• an elaborate speech on the subject, but he deemed
I it incumbent upon Him to state that the bill was
' important, not only in reference to a constitutional
I principle, but also in  regard to the question of
, expediency.    Tnere was a class of gemlemen on
I this floor who believed lhat this Government had
1 no right lo appropriate the money of the people
■  for works of internal improvemem. There was
! another class who believed that such appropria-
1 Pons could not be made by us, unless it were for
¡ objects clearly national  in their character.    Ha
■  would appeal to these gentlemen, and ask them
| what the bill under consideration proposed ? It
[proposed to appropriate the formidable sum of
l six bundled and fifty thousand dollars to purchase
! the interest of a joint stock company in a short
1 canal in the West. Now, he would ask what was
i the diffVrenee, in a constitutional point of view,
1 between appropriating money to construct a work,
nd appropriating money to puicliase a work of
this description af er it was constructed? If the
one was unconstnuiiorta!, he had not discrimina-
tion enough to see why the other was not equally
so.
It had, however, been contended by the honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky, probably in nnti-
, i pat ion of this point, that this was analiov.al object.
Jf this was national, could he not present an anal-
ogous case, which would ceilamly not be enter-
tained a moment by this House, if pioposed heie.
Our great NewYoik Erie-can .1 was certainly more
national than the lutle c«i under consideiation, both
in reference to the vast regions of country which
are connected, and t he amount of produce and mer-
chandize which flowed through it.   Consider, air,
Ihe immense territory bordering  on our western
I lalfes und upon tlie Ohio, whoso rich productions
, flow through this canal.   Suppose the inhabitants
l of the West, whose exports and imports passed
i through this canal,\iere to petition you for relief,
| were to tell y. u that it was very inconvenient for
! them to pay the tolls and tribute exacted by them
• from the State of New York, and respectfully
i prayed' you to pay New York the eight or tune
! million which this canal has cost New York, and
' make it free, would you not be surprised at ihe
. assurance which might dátate a request so extiav-
i oifint'   And yet, it could not be denied that the
; proposition to buy the Erie canal was lull out
