216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
friend, and upon the minds of sóms other gentle-
men upon that floor.
It was obvious to Mr. H. that two things should
take place before requiring the Committee on
Foreign Relations to report. The memoir of the
French ministers, spoken of by Mr. Livingston,
should be presented to the French Chamber of
Deputies, whose action thereon should be known
here; and the message of the President should
have been received in France, considered, and the
effect thereof known here, before we proceed to
act definitely upon the subject. Now, it might
happen that both these things may occur in the
course of a few days; and we might reasonably
expect to hear the effect of the message upon the
Deputies and the French people in a short time;
and till We did, he thought it would be unwise to
ask the Committee on Foreign Relations to report
on so grave and important a matter. He therefore
moved to amend the motion of the gentleman'from
Massachusetts by striking out that part of it re-
quiring the committee to report/orí/tuñí/t.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said he
had looked into this difficulty between France and
the United States with intense interest—and he
would add with great anxiety and anguish of
mind. That feeling had not, in the least, been
softened, or mitigated by the message and docu-
ments now presented to us. He said he had read
the correspondence between our minister and Gov-
ernment, and the King's ministers here and in
Europe—and the subject seemed to be perfectly
understood by the Government of France. It was
clear the King and his ministers had in vain ex-
erted their influence upon the popular branch of
the French Government, to carry the treaty into
effect, by making the appropriation which it stip-
ulated to pay our citizens'five millions of dollars,
for burning their ships and cargoes on the high
seas, and for plundering and confiscating their
property, without the authority of the law of na-
tions. He said he found the difficulty to exist in
the Chamber of Deputies. He had supposed that
the Chambers must have been under some strange
delusion as to the principles and facts in the nego-
tiation—for they could not seek to violate an obli-
gation so sacred—so imperative upon nations to
perform—particularly the gallant and intelligent
people of France towards the United States, their
ancient friend and ally. But what was his sur-
prise—his astonishment, on reading the debates
of the Deputies, to discover on their part a perfect
knowledge of the whole transaction—of nil the
facts in the case—and yet these Deputies—these
representatives of the people of France, refused
to pay the money due to our citizens—accruing
from the invasion of our rights—the plunder of
our commerce under the unholy sanction of their
illegal decrees!
Mr. J. would gladly avoid this question if he
could do so with due regard to the rights and
character of his country. We might attempt to
avoid this question—our feelings may prompt us
to do so, because its tendency is to involve such
important—such vital consequences; but we should
remember that the price of liberty was blood! It
was impossible to maintain our freedom, our
character, our independence, and at the same time
submit to violation of faith, so pointed, so gtoss,
and so flagrant, if persisted in. It was the people
of France, or rather the Chamber of Deputies,
representing that people, who had, with their eyes
open, refused to do us justice ; and not the King
and his ministers.
Mr. J. said it was doubtful whether those who
held back and refused to take strong measures, in
cases of insult and injury did not do more to
plunge nations into war, than those who acted
promptly to resent and redress violations of faith,
by acting upon the principle of the President, to
demand nothing but what was just, and to submit
to nothing evidently wrong. Mr. J. expressed
his utter astonishment at the conduct of France.
Here, he said, seemed not only to be wrong and
injustice, but wilful and premeditated wrong—and
the question was, could we tamely submit to it?
For one, he could, he would not. He would sus-
tain the President in his course. He was not for
precipitation—he was willing to wait for the final
action of the Chamber of Deputies; but he now
believed-forbearance had ceased to be a virtue.  It
would amount to nothing, unless it was known
and believed that this nation could not and would
not submit to such injustice. And when it was
thus believed that war was inevitable, then, as
our cause was so obviously just—as the United
States were so palpably in the right—it was pos-
sible, perhaps probable, that France might retrace
her steps, for the sake of her own honor, and
execute the treaty, by paying the indemnity stip-
ulated for the wrongs she had inflicted on our
commerce. At all events, this was our only hope.
We had made a full experiment of forbearance.
It had failed. We must resort to another alterna-
tive.
But, Mr. J. believed the people of the United
States were only divided as to the time for resent-
ing and redressing this violation of national faith
on the part of France; he, for one, would still
yield to that nation a further time, so that no
voice could be raised against the course which our
country would ultimately be compelled to pursue.
The temper of the House manifested great una-
nimity in relation to the main point—the justice
of our complaint, and the utter impossibility of
submitting to it. Mr. J. said he hoped, there-
fore, it would be distinctly understood, that he
feared not the consequences of expressing himself
strongly on this subject; and whenever the occa-
sion should arrive, he should vote for strong
measures, corresponding with his expressions.
War (said Mr. J.) is a great calamity—there is
none greater, except that of tamely submitting to
insult and injury. And here was an instance of
wrong so flagrant, and a violation of national faith
so palpable, that it had few, if any, parallels in
the annals of nations; and in this sentiment he
believed he should have the concurrent testimony
of the civilized world. France knew as v^ell as
ourselves, that we could not submit to it without
degradation and disgrace. With regard to the
immediate question before the House, he thought
the message and accompanying documents should
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
without instructions.
In conclusion, Mr. J. said he should dp injus-
tice to his own feelings if he took his seat without
admitting that his heart palpitated with joy on
hearing the patriotic sentiments of the honorable
member from Massachusetts,- [Mr. Adams.]
Those sentiments were truly American; and, like
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lttle,] he hon-
ored them for the source from which they came.
Mr. STEWART rose, he said, mainly to sug-
gest an amendment to the proposition, which he
trusted would be calculated to produce a greater
degree of unanimity in the vote to be given upon
that interestingand important occasion.    It would
doubtless be conceded by all, that unanimity was
of the very utmost consequence abroad, and they
should present to France and to the world a united
front, since divided councils could lead to no pro-
fitable result.   He had no serious objections to
the proposition of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Auams,] in whose patriotic
sentiments Mr. S. would take that opportunity of
expressing his entire concurrence, except to that
part of it which required the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to report forthwith.    In his opinion,
this would be premature.    In a few days hence
another packet might arrive, bringing important
advices from France, and which might put a new
aspect upon the affair.    He would therefore re-
spectfully suggest to the distinguished mover of
the proposition, the propriety of modifying it, so
as to strike out the word/jrt/iuiii/i, and allow it to
read, that the committee be required to report on
or befoie the 15th or 20th of the present month.
This would also, he thought, meet the object of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hahsr,] and, as l|
it seemed to Mr. S., would obviate his objections Jj
to the motion of the gentleman from Massachu- |l
setts.    If this amendment were adopted, it would ¡!
also, he believed, be calculated*o produce a greater !j
degree of unanimity in the vote that would be given j I
Upon the subject, and he regarded unanimity as \\
of the utmost importance, and should be glad to i I
see that House act with the same unanimity as
did the other branch of the national Legislature.
If his suggestion were not acceded to he would
move it as an amendment.
The CHAIR said there was a motion to amend
already before the House, which must be first
disposed of.
Mr. HAMER remarked, that he could not
agree to the suggestion, because it did not embrace
what he objected to in the motion. He had moved
to strike out all that part instructing the commit-
tee.
Mr. EVANS saidhehardly knew in what posi-
tion he should now consider the motion of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams ] It was originally to give instructions to
the Committee on Foreign Relations to report
upon thesubject forthwith. If this was its present
shape, he would support it; and as that gentle-
man had given to the House the reasons which in-
duced his motion, he should also give those which
would influence him in voting for it. If he had
understood the views of that gentleman, as ex-
pressed, Mr. E. said his own object would be to
procure a report widely different from that which
he seemed to anticipate—one of an entirely op-
posite character.
Mr. ADAMS explained. He had proposed
that the committee be instructed to report forth-
with, because he thought it a duty they owed to
the House and to the world to give that House an
opportunity of acting in the matter. He had not
declared what position he should take in that
action, but he deemed it all important that the
subject should be deliberated on by the represent-
atives of the people. It was with this particular
view that he had submitted his motion, that time
might be had for the discussion, before the ad-
journment; and he believed from present indica-
tions, that all the time of the present session would
be required for a deliberate comparison of the
views of different members. Mr. A. said, from
the motion he had made and the position he had
taken, it did not follow that he deemed a war
necessary—nor did it follow that reprisals should
be made—or that any other particular course
should be pursued or recommended by the House.
It would be competent for the House to pursue
the same course that the other legislative branch
of the Government had done. That branch had
come to its conclusion—and what was that con-
clusion ? It was to dodge the question. This
Hou3e could, if it chose, also dodge the question.
The CblAIR interposed. It was not in order
to allude to the proceedings of the other branch of
the Legislatuie.
Mr. ADAMS said he merely wished to be un-
derstood as" to the motives which prompted him
to make his motion. He wished that House to
have ample time to deliberate on the momentous
question involved in the communications before
them.
Mr. EVANS continued. Hedid not know that
he had materially misunderstood the gentleman
from Massachusetts. It was true he had not dis-
tinctly avowed the opinion he entertained as to the
course which should ultimately be pursued; but
Mr. E. said he did infer from the sphit of his re-
marks, that he was for sustaining the recommend-
ations of the Executive in their fullest extent. It
vías certain that others had drawn the same infer-
ences, else whence the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Archek,] and why the loud
encomiums of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lv-
tle] for his generous and disinterested support of
" the'views and measures of a successful rival r"
Mr. E. said he, like others, only drew his infer-
ences from the general spirit of the gentleman's
remarks. He did not see that it would be " dodg-
ing the question" if the House should declare
that there was at present no occasion for legis-
lative interference in this matter. The character
of our country was essentially pacific. It was our
policy to exhaust all language—all forms of nego-
tiation, before we at pealed to the last dread resort
of war.
The gentleman had spoken of what had been
termed the imprudence of the message of the
President. There were many who viewed it in
that light. Mr. E. contended that the House
should have more information before it acted,
especially when it was known that such informa-
tion existed; for that fact was avowed in the mes-
sage now before the House. Would the gentle-
man contend that either House of Congress should
say, although  the annual message might be im-
