1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
nnyihiti^ disparagingly of the internal condition
of «ííaiin in a ctmntiy between which and our
own the re.tit'oiu of amity still subsist; but when
our own rights mid claim., are made the bport of
the sta'e oí parties m a foreign country, it is a
fur subject of comment. The King will do his
utmost [" effect the fulfillment of the tieaty; and
nut merely becat.se it i-s a just treaty, but because
(as he told Mr Livingston; his faith as a sovereign
ui d hi-, lior ur ui a rni'i are plcdgi-d Cut what
is the position of the King 1 imsell' Does notall
t'ie v/oild know that he does not fill the throne on
the principles of what u called legitimacy ' That
t'ieieare tvo poweiful parties in Fiance, agreeing
i i nothing eise, but united in opposrion to the
pie-er testibiishrnentcf the Government—I mean,
ofcouise, the | urty of the late dispossessed family
on one f-ide, and me extreme hberal on the other.
It is. as far as we can jjdge at this distance, mainly
a combina'.on of theae t vo parties, taking along
■with it, of course, the natural opposition to ail
heavy money bills, which has hitherto defeated
trie execution of the trea'y
Willi these two parties, instead of our gaining
strength fioni the circumstance that the King's
regal word and personal honor are pledged to fulfil
the treaty, it is piecisely fur this reason that they
oppose ii And they oppose it, not with a zeal
measuied by t íe s'rnp'e merits and conseq íence
of ihe treaty, but with an intensity of purpose
and depth oí feeing inspired by their hostility to
the Government iiee.r'g the opposition to the
trea'y thus condec ed by parieo, who would move
hea/en and earth to '-¡tuke the King fioni hi^
tluone, 1 own, si", 1 look to see this question
¡mi e 1 in with the vtrv eitmenu i *" the permanence
of the present order u! things iu France Could it
be reduced Mainly piiJ soiely to this issue, all
roigiit ce wc!i, bet w *tli tins powerful, deep sealed,
far-reach t g opposmoi1, we must fe-ti, as 1 have
siid, thit v. lilt !>ji'} b¿cu h J the na'urí.loppo*i'íon
to a!l «a h T€ v<uie-, w il< uní e l'stlf. The Ku g
v ! do everything 'o cany the trea'y into ef.cct
i am rin , >f i' were i ece'sir* , he wou'd *li-d h's
blood fo ¡u'fil it J should heat, wk'> e'een ¡e'ret,
a single word that would casta shade of dcubt on
liio sincerity B"' whether hewil even be ab-Ie
to sustain himself who shall vouch'1 I trust 1 e
will 1 believe it highly desirable for the peace
uf Fiance and the harmony of Europe that he
Bho'ud ( have little doubt, shou'd his Goverr,-
m?it be overturned, it would be followed by dis-
tas rous consequences, not unworthy ihe high
bre..ch uf faith toward the United States, with
which the war against it seemed to have com-
menced
S r, I reciprocate the sentiment of the chairman
of the committee; I hope the House will act u i:h
unanimity on this sulject I trust we shall not
t.llow ru-selves to split on any subordina e ques-
tions That of the present re'ei erice su>-e!v ought
lot to d'vide us On a q ics'ion of suehgieat
mtümuide—if things are n gi ¡o extremes—it
cannot be evper'ed not eskej tha!, on every pouu
mvo'veJ, all shou'd think alike Independent
men, on such points, must difier Those who
think for themselves, that is, who think at all,
must dillei to some extent on such salmees Dot
if ihe vtorst come to ihe wor«l—if Fiance sha'l
make up her mind to witliho'd justice from us de
Iibei ,te!y ai d cone! isively,and in such a manner
thit line po'icy and honoi will no ^"ger adimt of
delay ami iorbefunre, then, su, I bel,eve, what-
ever d.ilcrence of opinion tbeie may be as to any
point of seeor d iry > onsequence, that Congress and
the coun'iy will ivove unanimously in the direc-
tion whici us nghli. and lionoi shall pon t out.
Hut 1 tliin'f we ehouhl do noih.ng by way of
anticipating thaloontingertcy It may neverarnve.
Kvery run, I will pott, ly of common humanity,
l« it ol common sense, in the U'lited Stites and
I'lanrt, must hi>| e it never will arrive. When it
does tiiiie W1,l ue no div ision of feeling.- I am
i. i ibSrJ fioni ihe «"vptession of opinion f ere, and
o* ¡ > il <• ffn iment througr out the count y, that
we s'i-11 cone to tlin re--ul', and however this
matter f f ' ie rc'ercncc may be disposed of, (which
at tins 'ate stage of the session I regaid ás of
diniit Hied niipoi lance.) I btlieve that in a firm
resolu' on to .land on our rights, under the tieaty,
we shall be unanimous.                                               '
Mr. GILMER said he felt himself called on to I
say a word in reply to the gentleman from Massa- '
chusetts, [Mr  Adams ]    There were one or two ,
reasons why he could not vote for the proposition
of that gentleman, which seemed to be predicated
on the belief that there was an immediate necessity '
for action on the part of the House.   Now, he
believed this tobe th<: first proper point of ínouiry: I
Whether such a necessity existed, and if it did i
exist, what was to be the nature of the action'
Tne House must be in possession of facts on which
to ground their proceeding, before it could proceed
wun propriety.    Had France refused ultimately
the indemnity stipulated in the treaty > We should
act definitely on no other ground, otnerwise, our
action became premature, untimely, and calculated
to do wrong rather than obtam right.    The qies-
tion  of peace and  war  involved the individual
interests of mankind.    Our country and her insti-
tutions were so constituted that foibearance and
pacific measures were their most prominent char-
acteristics    Every opposite sentiment prematurely
thrown out here, therefore, had a tendency to
injure the character of the nation.    Much   nad i
been said of national honor.   He asked, what was
the law of national honor'   That subject would
do for the vaporing of crowned heads, but when '
this matter  was brought  to its  point,  and   the
country involved in war, it would be found it was
not then to be   sustained by flourishes of rhet- j
one.    He would again lepeat his impression that (
this House could not act on this subject without a i
full knowledge how far our national rights were
involved.   He asked gentlemen if they were aware
that tins very treaiy did not sustain our nat'ona!
honor'   The ppo'iations on our commeice were
incident to the Berlin and- Milan decrees     D'd '
this treaty—did ihe indemn'y—heal 'he wounds
i  flirted on our national  honoi '    Having waited
the length of time v e i-ad already done,  Mr  G.
a    td n -iw theCeivnitteeoo Poie'gn Affaii3cou!d
ex ir^s^ to tins House the couibe it ought í"> ¡ urcce
wiihout its^'f íiíivi ig  ue'e e it any new *acts on
wh'th to art    WecoulJ d > no.hing until we knew
bometning fuunei of the pi oceedirgs of France—
ehl er foi the horor of the House or of the nation.
Mr. STEWART suggested the propriety of
giving the comitii'tee a longer per'cd than the
IG h, but alo*' them to report sooner if they
could, he would siy t.ll the 20 h of February
While up, he wou'd take occasion fosay, in reply
to the gentleman from Georgia, that the House
was not prepared to act until it had learned what
was the decision of the Trench Cnsmber, that it i
might act provisionally if not definitively, for war
was not the only alternative to coerce Frarce.
We might not only declare war and issue letters
of marque and reprisal, but we miy pas's a non-
rntercourse law with her; we may impose piohtb-
itory duties;.indeed, there were various modes in
wh'ch we might coerce Fiance without resorting
to an ooen declaration of war. Supposing either
of these last were adopted before the adjournment
orCongiess, in case Fiance did not fulfil the stip-
ulations of the treaty, we shou'd throvi upon hei
the who'e responsible y Besides, how much would
she si.fl>-J Our imports fiom her amounted to
between fi teen and twenty mil'ions of dollars, and
was it likely for the petty sum of five millions that
she would nsk the loss of such a trade by our
passage of a non mtercou-se ad ' By acting pro-
visional! v v. e should thiovv the lesponsibihty upon
hei, anJ'he lecommendctl that ccuise At le<tst
he tius'ed that Consiess would not suffer the ses-
sion to pass by without some tieclartion of its
will.
Mr HW1ER moved the House adjourn.
On a div i«ioii thete appeared for the motion 73,
against it ]0b
So the House refused to adjourn
Mi HAMCRthen renewed his motion to strike
out «'I that pan of (he moron of Mi. Ac wis which
went to instruct the committee.
Mi ADAMS rema.ked that the infractions
weie all that the motion aimed at, and he should
el isider the ¡uio¡ t.on of the amendment as a vir-
tual njection of the motion.
Mi CAMBRCLEííG moved that the time be
extended to the 20th instant foi the committee to
report. Ele said, in order to meet the views of
all, he was induced to make the motion.                 '
Mr. ARCHER couW not consent to vote to
give any positive instructions to the committee;
and he put it to the gentlemen from Massachusetts
and Virginia [Messrs. Adims and PattqnJ to say
whether we ought not, under all the circumstances,
to nokl ourselves untrammelled to act as emer-
gencies might direct a fortnight hence' Suppose
the contingency alluded to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Everett] that we should
have the most untoward accounts from France
that could possibly be anticipated, must the House
then wait until the 20th instant befoie acting'
Such could not be their wish. He repeated, they
could gam nothing, and might lose much of their
object by persisting m their instructions to the
committee.
Mr CLAY asked for a division of the question,
viz: that that part going to instruct the commit-
tee betaken separately.
Mr J Q. AD4MS asked for the yeas and
navs, but they were not ordered.
Mr. PATTON, in reply to the suggestion of
his colleague, [Mr. Archer,] said that he appre-
hended his colleague must labor under some mis-
understanding of the character and effect of the
proposition of the gentleman from Maasachusetts.
That proposition did not propose, and its adoption
could not commit, or trammel, or fetter the action
of the House in the slightest: it did not even inter-
fere with the judgment of the committee as to what
should constitute the tenor and character of their
report; all that was done was to require them to
report by Monday week He thought, therefore,
that full justice was. not done to the motion of the
icentleman from Massachusetts, when it was said
that the adoption of his motion would he equiva-
lent to a declaration of war. I (said Mr. P.) am
as little inclined as the gentlemen from Georgia
[Mr Gilmer] and Virginia [Mr. Archer] are
•low, and under the present state of the subject,
and of our information, to adopt the measure
of repusal, or any other measure of self redress.
Du' 1 think we ought to take the subject into con-
s,deration a'id decide whether we will await the
definite action of the French Chambers. Inau-
spicious as tne present aspect of affairs certainly
is, Mr. P said he would still refrain from taking
any measure of hostility against France; he would
s'iOw the utmost possible forbearance, and every
just dependence upon her justice. In the hope,
with the possibility that France would not perse-
vere, he would still await the issue, " prepared
for ei'her fortune," with a proper reltance upon
the honor and integrity of France to do us right,
and a firm and steady conviction that we need
not—cannot—must not submit to wrong, flagrant,
grievous, persevered in, and unredressed.
Mr CAMBRELENG said his only object in
proposing the modification of the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] was
to prevent further debate. Failing m that object,
and finding many of his friends disposed to send
the communications to the committee without in-
structions, he wou'd withdraw his proposition.
The quesfon was then taken on Mr. Hamer's
motion to strike out that"partof Mr. Ada vis's pro-
position going to instruct the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to report, &,c, and agreed to without
a division.
The motion to lefer the message of the Presi-
dent, and the accompanying despatches, to the
said committee, was then agreed to, and they were
0ide>-ed to be printed
Oi motion of Mr. VANDERPOEL,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 9, 1S35.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the followingres--
olutions; which, on his motion, weie considered
and agreed to:
Jlisolced, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to lay befoie the Senate estimates of the
amount of money necessary for the service of the
Geneia! Post Oihce for one year from the 1st day
oí January,1S35
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to lay before the Senate a statement of the
debts owing by the General Post Office on the 1st
