220                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________         February 7,
day of January, 1835, exhibiting the name and
residenceof each creditor—the amount due to each
creditor—the time or times when the said debt was
contracted in each case—and the cause, service,
or consideration, for which each debt was con-
tracted—and whether the same was contracted for
service rendered upon a bid and contract made in
conformity with the public advertisements, or
upon a bid and contract not in conformity with
the public advertisements, or for extra allowances
upon the contracts which were executed.
Mr. HiLL submitted the following resolutions:
Resoloed, That all the responsibilities and debts
incurred by the Postmaster General in executing
that part of his duty, prescribed by a law of Con-
gress, which requires that he shall " provide for
the carriage of the mail on all post roads that are
or maybe established bylaw," and "that he
' shall pay all expenses which may arise in con-
' ducting the Post Office, and in the conveyance of
' the mail, and all other necessary expenses arising
'on the collection of the revenues and manage-
' ment of the General Post Office,'' are good and
valid and binding on the Department of the Gen-
eral Post Office; that the faith of the said depart-
ment is lawfully pledged to the discharge of all
such debts to the full amount of its teceipts; and
that any law of Congress, which shall divert those
receipts to any other purpose than the discharge
of such debts, while any shall remain unpaid, will
be unjust and improper.
Resolved, That the lav/ of the United States
(with the exception of unproductive routes, as
particularly specified,) leaves it entirely in the
discretion of the Postmaster Genera! how often,
and in what manner, whether in carriages, by
single horses, or otherwise, the mail of the United
States shall be carried over post roads established
by law.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
instructed to report the aggregate of the expense
that has been incurred by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Eoads, over and above the
ordinary pay during each session of the members
of said committee,as Senators—distinguishing the
amount expended during the session of the Senate
from the amount expended duiing the recess—
the daily pay, and pay for travel, allowed to their
secretary, clerks, or accountants, and all other
persons by'them employed, or culled on as wit-
nesses—designating the per diem, travel, and
amount paid to each individual by name.
LIGHT-HOUSE ON MOBILE POINT.
Mr. ICING, of Alabama, pursuant to notice,
and on leave given, introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the erection of a light-house on
Mobile Point, and placing buoys in Mobile Bay;
which, on his motion, was read twice, considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDA1N, from the Committee on
Claims, made unfavorable repoits upon the me-
morials of John C. Fiizpa trick and James Nichol-
son, and the committee w"ere discharged from the
further consideration of those subjects.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lr.nds,to which was referred a memorial from
the Legislature of Alabama, on the subject, re- j
ported a bill authorizing the cuizens of townships '
where the lG:h section has been disposed o*", to
enter other lands in litu thereof; which was lead
the first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON,from the Committeeon Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Catharine
E. Clitherel, widowof Dr. George Clitherel; which
was read the fust time, and ordered to a second
reading.
REDUCTION OP EXECUTIVE PATRONAGE.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the select committee to
which was referred the resolution directing an
inquiry into the extent of executive patronage,
and the expediency and practicability of reducing
the same,£c., made a report, in part, accompanied
by a bill to regulate the deposites of the public
money in the State banks. Also, a joint resolu-
tion reepmmending an alteration of the Constitu-
tion, so as to allow the distribution of the surplus
revenue accruing for the coming seven years,
among the several States. The committee also
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to the Senate, at the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress, what
duties under twenty per cent, ad valorem, as pro-
v ded by the sixth section of the act of the 21 of
March, 1833, entitled " An act to modify the act
'of the 14th of July, 1832, and all other acts im-
' posing duties on imports," can be reduced or
repealed consistently with a due regard to the
manufacturing interest; and an estimate of the
probable amount of the reduction.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the joint resolu-
tion have a second reading at this time, for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. BENTON objected; when the bill to regu-
late the deposites was read twice, and
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, made the
special order of the day for Thursday next.
Mr. CALHOUN then moved that the report
just read be printed, together with the report of
the select committee of 18:26, on the same subject,
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. POiNDEX i'ER rose, hesaid,for the pur-
pose of making an additional motion for printing
thirty thousand extra copies of the report now
made, and the same number of the report made in
182oon the same subject, ije was, he said, deeply
impressed with the view of the subject taken by
the committee. Por one, he begged leave to return
his thanks to them for their labors. The question
now submitted to the nation was whether power
is to be perpetuated in the hands of him who now
wields it, and the one he may select as his succes-
sor. A misplaced cooSdence prevailed through-
out this country; the people were slow to believe
that the man in whom they confided with the utmost
confidence, should be capable of suhc unheard-of
encroachments upon the liberties of the coun-
try, whose destinies were now unhappily lodged
in his hands. This view of executive patronage,
arising from its own constructions of power, was
most alarming and dangerous. The doctiiues of
the protest, so called, claimed for the Executive
the entire control of the public treasures, of the
public property,, and the performance of all the
public duties, and by virtue of powers preexisting
before the Constitution of the United States. The
President claimed the exercise of these powers under
that part of the Constitution which declares that
all executive power shall be vested in the Presi-
dent. Cut the knowing ones, fearing these doc-
trines might not be us palatable to the people as
was expected, contrived to send forth a kind of
supplementary message. Congress may legislate
concerning the public property, but the President
reserved by his veto an absolute control over the
whole as the individual representative of the
Government, although forty thousand aids have
been given him, to whom lie claims they alone
are responsible. The Constitution gives him no
authority o ver the public treasure other than to di aw
his quarter salary and to spend it as he pleases.
How did he, then, get hold of them ? Why, by
removal and appointment. By this means the
President put his fingers into the public treasures
and distributed them to whom he pleased. If the
King of England (said Mr. P.) should mete out
the public, treasures in this manner,givinga favor
now to Manchester, now to London,now to one,
and now to another—if he should take such a
course, his head would pay the forfeit. But we,
in this country, had suffered the President to take
possession of the treasury without the least resist-
ance. And why was it? Because the press of
the country was purchased up to support every-
thing, right or wrong. By means of his power of
removal, the President had not only all the other
departments of Government under his control,
but, also, even the judicial department. He had
only to remove those who dared to disobey, and
appoint those who would yield to his will. Mr.
P. concluded by expressing his thanks to the com-
mittee for the investigation they had made.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said that if he declined
following the Senator from Mississippi through
the range he fiad taken on the wrongful exercise
of executive power, he hoped he would find
a sufficient apology in the fact, that in no part
of the report was the President's construction of
the Constitution doubted. He hoped, also, he
might be pardoned for the suggestion, that the
committee did not expect a discussion of such a
character on the presentation of the report. Not
knowing—or rather having forgotten—:that the
report would probably be presented'this morning,,
he had neglected to furnish himself with some
information which would be necessary to sustain
him in a few comments which he intended to make
upon some branches of the report, and which he
should make on a future occasion. But the mo-
tion which had been made, seemed to call atten-
tion now to one feature of the report.
Sir, (said Mr. K.,) I wish it expressly under-
stood that 1 am in favor of a reduction of the
expenses of this Government. And whenever
a reasonable proposition was made, from the
north or south, from any part or any party, the
object of which was to effect this desirable end,
he was prepared to concur in it; and that (said
Mr. If.) is i he very reason I am opposed to this
motion which was to print twenty thousand—
(some one near mentioned thirty thousand.) Thir-
ty thousand (declared Mr. K.) was more than he
had understood it. He had the same objection to
thiity thousand that he had to the punting of
thirty millions. That objection was, that it was
an abominable waste of the public treasure. What
was the subject of our dehbeiation ? It was the
wasteful expenditure of the public money, as well
as executive patronage, which in fact only grew
out of it.
If, then, (said Mr. K.,) the expenses of the
Government have lately increased to an enormous
extent—if they have greatly increased between
1825 and 1833, as stated in the teport, which he
believed to be true—his intention was, when the
report came up ag_un, to show where the increase
originated, and was determined that the responsi-
bility should rest where it ought to rest, and was
not to be attributed to the Executive. What a
spectacle did this exhibit from day to day ? The
Senate had been a week making war on the extras
of the Post Office Department. They were now
warring against the extravagance of the Execu-
tive, and whilst brandishing the sword in one
hand in defence of the public treasure, against the
ravages of the Executive, we were with the other
slipping it into our own pockets, br scattering it
in profuse and wasteful extravagance.
Mr. K., after enumerating a few features in the
report which he intended hereafter briefly to com-
ment upon, principally in the language and rea-
soning, said it was not his purpose further to trou-
ble the Senate at that time upon the merits of the
report, in the conclusions of which he mainly
agreed. lie concluded by a hope that the extraor-
dinary number of extra copies proposed by the
Senator from Mississippi, would not be agreed to,
as every copy over five thousand for distribution
would be useless waste, as the report was short,
and before even five thousand extras could be
printed, it would be in all respectable journals in
the United States. He said he had another ob-
jection to the printing of so large a number. It
would counteract a principal object of the commit-
tee who wished to avoid giving a party character
to the report. These orders for printing so large
a number of extras, he said, were looked upon
generally as efforts to give a party importance to
the document, and nine times out of ten, it was
the object of such orders. He hoped the Senator
himself, on reflection, would consent to five thou-
sand extras, which he thought as many as would
answer any useful purpose.
Mr. BENTON spoke for nearly two hours on
the subject of the report. [We hope to be able
to give a full report of his speech at some future
day.]
Mr. LEIGH said that the credit or discredit of
originating the proposition to divide the surplus
revenue, among the States did not belong to this
committee, but to the President of the United
States. Mr. L. said his attention was turned to
the message in consequence of the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Missouri.
[Mr. L. read extracts from the President's mes-
sage of 1830-'31.1
Mr. CALHOUN had but little to say; he in-
tended only to allude to that part of the subject
