2-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10>
made in cases where payment had been previously
made, or in casos where the officer was not enti-
tled to the commutation undei the resolutions of
Cong^ss before referred to.
And whether other acts of Congress have been
passed allowing commutation to officer?, or to the
heirs and lecal representatives of officers, in cases
where there" is every reason to believe that pay-
ment of the sameclaim had been previously made.
Mr LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made unfavoiabie reports upon
the following cases: The petition of the legal
representatives of Richard Dorsey, deceased; the
petition of the administrator of Captain Wilnam
Sandford, deceased; and the petition of the heirs
of Captain Jacob Hal!, deceased.
REORGANIZATION OF THE POST OFFICE
DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mi. CALHOUN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the third leading of the bill changing
the organization of the General Post Office
Mr. GRUNDY rose and said that, by the
instructions of the committee, he moved to fill up
a blank in the bill, which was leftfor the purpose
of inserting the number of clerks necessary to be
employed in the General Post Office under the new
organization. lie therefoic submitted an amend-
ment, which he hoped would be agieed to by
unammotrs consent, filing the number of cleiks in
the General Post Office at twenty-six, and i educing
the salary of the messenger to be employed m tne
office of the Commissioner of the Post Office to
#700, instead of #800, by which, Mr Grundy
said, he would be put dpon a footing of equality
in this íespect with other messengers m the execu-
tive departments.
The amendment was adopted, and the bill was
then read the third time and passed.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which the bill ft om the House
relative to the construction of the bridge over the
Potomac at the city of Washington, and repealing
all other acts in relation thereto, was refeued,
reported the same without amendment
GEORGE HURLBERT.
The bill for the lehef of the legal representatives
of George Hurlbut was read the third time and
LIGHT-HOUSE, ETC., AT MOBILE POINT.
The bill making an appropriation to erect a
hght-houseat Mobile Point, and to establish buoys
in Mobile bay, was read the third time and
passed.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate con-
sidered, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill
making appiopnations for the naval service for
the year 1835, and no objection having been made,
it was lead the third time and passed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate
consideied, as in Committee of the Whole, the
joint resolution, reported yesteiday by the select
committee, proposing an amendment of the Con-
stitution, relative to the distribution of the surplus
revenue of the United States, when, on his motion,
the resolution was postponed to, and made the
special oi dei for, Thursday next.
SALARIES or CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr SILSBEE, the Senate post-
poned the previous orders, and* proceeded tocon-
sidei, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill fixing
the number ard salaries of the custom-house offi-
cers of the Un'te • S ates.
Mi SILStiEC br>efly explained the object of
the bill, whi"h was to fix the number and com-
pensation of the custom house officers in the
United Stairs, and to prevent an inequality which
existed in the compensation of the subordinate
officers of the same grade m different parts of the
country
Mr SILSBEE then mm ed severally the follow-
ing amendment*, to the Dill.
"The appointment of a surveyor at Jersey City,
in the district of New York, at a salary of $800
per annum;   r
A surveyor at Lynn, in the district of Marble-
head, at p00 per annum;
A surveyor at Ocraeock, in the Newbern dis-
trict, at $700 per annum;
A surveyor at Can den, New Jersey, at $250 per
annum;
A surveyor at St. Mary's, in the Annapohs dis-
trict, $200 per annum.
These amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SILSBEE then moved a fuither amend-
ment, "that all fees new payable by law to all
collectors, naval officers, and surveyors, or their
deputies, or those authorized to receive them, shall
be regularly accounted fji quarteilyand paid into
the Treasuiy by the offite>s receiving the same,"
which was agreed to.
Mr. SWIFT offered an amendment requiring
temporaiy officers who received a per diem com-
pensation, to make a íeport of the duties per-
foimed by them, with a statemert unaer oath
that their duties were necessary to the public
good
After some conveisation between Mr SHEP-
LEY, Mr. SILSBEE, and Mr SWIFT, the pio-
posedamendmentwaswithdiawn byMr SWIFT,
on the suggestion that the substance of it was
already contained m the bill
Mr TYLER said he found by this bill that out
of the fouiteen naval officers now established,only
six were to be retained. That the port of Nor
folk was to be deprived of this officer. He con-
tended that these officers were necessaiy as checks
over the ecl'eetors, he therefoie proposed so to
amend the bill as to give a naval officer with a
salary of $1,000 to the poit of Norfolk. Mr. T.
then read a letter from the Comptroller of the
Treasuiy, stating as his opinion, that a naval
officer ought not to be dispensed with at the port
of Noifolk
Mr SILSBEE said he was willing, so far as
respected himself, to have dispensed with all the
naval officeis, but in accordance with the opinion
of the committee, they had i etained six for the six
principal ports of the country.
Mr WRIGHT thought these officers were
necessary at the large poi ts, and a majoi lty of the
committee thought they could be dispensed with at
six or seven ports. Where the receipts were very
heavy, he operated as a check on the collector,
byieviewmg and correcting his accounts The
amendment went to extend t^is officer to another
class of poits not in the contemplation of the com-
mittee.
Mi. SILSBEE was opposed to the amendment,
because, if it preva'led, this officer must be ex-
tended to other ports, where there was really no
necessity for it
Mi. TOMLINSON said he thought, in the com-
mitfee, that it was necessary to abolish all these
naval officers They weie merely checks on the
collector, and he was already cheeked by his
clerks and the surveyor of the port, and he was
also checked at the Tieasury, by the accounting
officeis. The committee thought it expedient,
by way of experiment, to reduce the number of
nava! officei s in the small ports first, and if it suc-
ceeded there, it was thought that it would after-
wards be very easy to extend it, and abolish the
office in the other ports. He saw no stron<*
íeason, theiefore, for establishing one at Norfolk.
Mi. TYLER said he went for checks and bal-
ances. If the appointment of a naval officer was
necessary as a check upon the collector in six or
seven ports, it was so in all If we could dispense
with sentinels over the collector where not moie
than $10,000 weie received, we could where ten
millions were collected He saw no force in the
remark, that the clerks were a check upon the
collector, under whose control they were, and je-
movable at his pleasure, noi could he understand
how the officers of the Treasury were a check
upon the collector. He was unable to conceive
what check there was upon that officer, except
what was afFoided by the naval officer. With
respect to the collector at Norfolk, he knew him to
be a most honest, trustworthy man, and believed
him to be as much so as any other in the Govern-
ment, but he would trust no man to go into the
Tieasury and take money out of it, withotu having
a sentinel to watch over him.                                 "
Mr. SILSBEE and Mr. TOMLINSON made
some further ieme>rks, when the amendment was
disagreed to
Mr BIBB then moved a further amerdment to
increase the salaiy of the collector at Sandusky
from $400 to $600 per annum.
Mr. B knew this officer to be a most honest
and excellent one. He had beet many years in
the service of the Govei nment, but his salary was
entirely too low to enable him to live 1 here was
a maxim, "make money—honestly, if you car—
but at all events make money." This maxim
applied with increased force to peisons thus sit-
uated—they must live, hone6tly, if they could,
butthemeansof living must be had at any hazaid.
He thought that $G0O was a very moder; t  salary,
ard hoped the proposition would be arieed to
Ml BUCHANAN said he would vote for the
amendment. Cut while he was up, he would
make one or two general obseivaaons with regard
to this bill It must be admit ed that theie was
no Govei nment on the globe that had colltc'ed i s
revenue with more punctuality or more faithfufly
than the Government of the United States. To
collect it successfully, lequned the exeicise of
great care, and the possession of great piactical
knowledge outselves, or the advantage of it m
others The objection to the bill was not that the
higher officers intrusted with the duty of collect-
ing the revenue, were not sufficiently provided
foi, but when v/e went from the ports on the
sea-board to those in the interior, he entertained
doubts on the subject We all knew what cor-
ruption existed among the European Govern-
ments among1 the collectors of their revenues, and
the reason was, that they did not receive a suffi-
cient compensation for their services to live on.
They must live, and in order to live, they became
corrupt. Although he was as anxious for an
economical admmistiation of the Government,
and economical expenditures, as any gentleman
of the Senate, yet he would be sorry to intioduce
the spirit of economy to such an extreme as would
induce the collectors of the revenue to become dis-
honest. As the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Bibb,] well íemarked, they musthte,
and if they could not live honestly, they must
derive the means of living from some source. He
did not know that there were any provisions in
this bill which would have the effect of making
all officers dishonest But he felt certain that at
the port of Sandusky, a competent officei could
not be obtained for $400, or if he could be ob-
tained, he could not live on that salary. At some
othei time, it was probable he might move to post-
pone this bill for the present session—he believed
it was not to take effect till next January, and at
the next session we should all come better pre-
pared to legislate upon a measure which would
have so important a bearing upon the collection
of the levenue of tne country. Mr. B said no
man valued the practical knowledge of the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sils-
bee,] or appreciated it more highly than he did,
but he hoped the bill would be postponed, although
he would not make a motion to that effect, unless
he thought it would receive the sanction of a con-
siderable poition of this body
Mr. SILSBEE said the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had given him his opinion as to what these
collectors ought to have, and he supposed he had
founded his estimates upon what he believed to
be just and reasonable. Mr S. said he would be
the last man to give les>s compensation than these
officers ought to have, or what v/as recessary to
support them If the man had lived heretofore
on $400, he did not know why he might not con-
tinue to do so
Mr BUCHANAN would only say that he
would take the opinion of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts respecting the sufficiency
of the salary of this collector, with as little hesi-
tation as that of the Secretary of the Treasury.
But if this honest man, as ne had been represented
to be, had lived fbr so many years upon a salary
of $400, he thought it was now time to give him
six hundred.
Mr. BIBB observed that this gentleman held
this situation under the expectation of a higher
salary He (Mi B ) was not in favor of high
salaries, but $400 would not procure the services of
a competent man at a place which was so conve-
