226                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______           February 11,
much struck with a remark made by a gentleman
from Georgia, who said he thought the ballot very
proper for the people, because they were account-
able to no one. Mr E would undertake to say
that the principle of the ballot was never estab-
lished on that ground. It always stood on the
ground of personal independence, and such a rea-
son as that assigned by the gentleman, he ventured
to say, never entered into the head of any legis-
lator. Every reason, every argument, went to
show that it was established to secure the ngnt of
private judgment and independence. As to re-
sponsibility to constituents, Mi. E admitted as
fully as any one, and respected their wishes and
public opinion as much as anyone, but there was
a very greatdifference as to what constituted public
opinion It should be a calm, intelligent, delib-
erate judgment—not opinions got up and foiced
into ciioulauon by the intrigues of designing per-
sons. A gentleman from New York used a great
many phrases about the duties of the representa-
tive, that he was nothing more than the minion
of the people, and talked about the creature and
the creator, the principal and the agent. Why,
none of these phrases------
Mr. CROCKETT here called for the orders of
the day
Mr McKINLEY asked for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
The call for the ordeis of the day pievailed—
ayes 121.
NORTHWESTERN TERRITORY.
Mr LOVE, pursuanttonotice heretoforegiven,
moved to postpone all the previous orders of the
day, with a view to the consideration of the bill
establishing the Northwestern Terntoiy.
Mr. POLK inquired if the bill regulating the
deposites of the public moneys in the local banks,
and several other bills in íelation to the Bank of
the United States, did not «ccupy a position on the
docket in advance of the bill which the gentleman
from Kentucky had proposed to take up. It would
be recollected that he had given notice that he
would move to take up the bills refened to on thia
day
Mr. LOVE said that the bill which he proposed
to take up was, he conceived, of more importance
than the bill mentioned by the gentleman fiom
Tennessee, fMr. Polk ] It had been already so
long delayed that it was highly expedient, if it
was intended to act upon it at the present session,
that it should be now done.
Mr. DUNLAPsaid he hoped the House would
not agree to the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky. Much of the time of this House had
been spent in similar motions to change the older
of business. The Tennessee land b'll, in which
his constituents were immediately interested, was
made the special order of the day for the 17th of
December last, and it would be strange to his con-
stituents how it had happened the bill had not yet
been acted on by this House—it had been owing
to similar motions prevailing, and the order of
business thus changed. He was very desirous to
have the action of the House on the bill in which
his constituents were interested If the House
would refuse to entertain such motions, it would
be a great saving of time, and much more business
done; and the time spent in changing theoiderof
business would be devoted to the necessary busi-
ness of this House
Mr POLK referred to the importance of the
measures to which he had alluded; some of which'
were absolutely necessary to be acted on at the
present session.
The motion made by Mr LOVE was rejee'ed
Mr POLK then moved to postpone all the
orders of the day, for the purpose of considering
the several bills to which he had referred
Mr McKIM demanded the yeas and nays on
this motion, which weie ordered, and were—yeas
107, nays 95
, So the House determined to postpone the orders
of the day, including the business upon the
Speaker's table
DEPOSITE BANKS.
The House then, on motion of Mr POLK,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill regula-
ting the deposites of the public moneys in certain
local banks.   The bill was read
Mr. POLK said the bill just read was, in its
main principles, precisely similar to that passed
by the House at the last session of Congress, and
upon a careful review of its provisions, the com-
mittee have found but few points, in then judg-
ment, requiring revision or change. Mr P said
the whole country was then aware that the pies-
ent method of carrying on the financial concerns
of the Government was no longer to be continued,
and he went on to fahow that the mode adopted,
through the agency of State banks, had been done
promptly, safely, and without charge, not only
without the aid of the national bank, but against
the combined weight and influence of that institu-
tion, and in defiance of its attempts to cripple their
operations, to the advantage of the community,
and without embarrassment to the treasury Mr
P. also referred to, and quoted, many s'atements
to prove that the losses sustained by the country
had been double,or nearly double, from the Bank
of the United States, to what had occurred from
the local banks prior to the year 1816, and also to
prove that they would be safer depositories for
the public money Not only so, but they con
ducted the exchange at a less cost than the United
States Bank has ever done
[We hope to be enabled to give the remarks of
the honorable member in full, on an early day, but
the short time allowed would not permit our
reporter to give even a fair synopsis of a speech,
mainly consisting of close reasoning, sustained by
matteis of fact and arithmetic data ]
Mi GORDON submitted the following amend-
ment:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the Umttd Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That, from and after the              day of
in the year                                  , the
collectors of the public revenue at places where
the sums collected shall not exceed the sum of
dollars per annum,
shall be the agents of the treasurer to keep and
disburse the same, and be subject to such mies
and regulations, and give such bond and security,
as he shall prescribe, for the faithful execution of
their office, and shall receive, in addition to the
compensation now allowed by law,                   per
centum on the sums disbursed, so that it does not
exceed the sum of                                    dollars per
annum
Sec 2 Andbe itfmlhci enacted, That, at places
where the amount of public revenue collected
shall exceed the sum of                                 dollars
per annum, there shall be appointed by the Pres-
dent, by and with the atrvice and consent of the
Senate, receivers of the public íevenue, to be
agents of the Treasurer, who shall give such bond
and security to keep and disburse the public reve-
nue, and be subject to such rules and regulations,
as the treasuier shall prescribe, and shah receive
for their services                  per centum per annum
on the sums disbursed, provided it does not exceed
the sum of                                  dollars per annum.
Sec. 3 And be it fwitker enacted, lhat, from
and after the                day of                 , the whoie
revenue of the United States derived from customs,
lands, or other sources, shall be paid in the cur-
rent coins of the United States
Mi GORDON said the blanks were left to be
filled by the judgment of the House He had
submitted a similar proposition on a former occa-
sion He did so under the belief that the Gov-
ernment of the United States possessed no con-
stitutional power to make a Bank of the United
States. He also maintained that it was not in
accordance with the spnit of our institutions to
invest one man with the power of controlling the
disposal or keeping of the public revenue Such
a power he would place in the hands of no single
created being It certainly added too much to
the responsibilities of the Executive, which he
believed to be already too great This remark was
not intended to apply specially to the individual
now in the executive chair, to whose elevation he
had contributed the weight of his earnest exer-
tions. Mr G alluded to thegreat inequalities n
the distribution of the deposites of the public
treasure—thnteen millions being placed in the
State of New York alone, while the Ancient Do-
minion had but about $100,000 placed in her cus-
tody This reminded him of the fable of jEsop,
from which we learn what the lion's share u. He
wished to separate this Government from all con-
nection with banks and like institutions
Mr G continued to -advocate the amendment
at considerable length He concluded by appeal-
ing to his contemporaries to set the glonous ex-
ample of rather divesting themselves of power,
and placing it back in the hands of its legitimate
conseivators, the people, than seeking to swell its
tide by clinging to that which, at best, could only
be denominated constructive.
Mr MOORE moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word "that" to the
end of the second line of the fiist section of the
Lili, and mseit—
"The public money shall hereafter be deposited
' in the following banks, to wit
" The Merchants' Bank of Silem, the Bank of
' New London," &c (Here insert the names of
all the banks employed as deposite banks )
' Provided, That the said banks shall be willing
' to undeitake to do and perform the several duties
' and services, and conform to the conditions pre-
' scribed by this act "
Mr MOORE, under the belief that the Bank
of the United States would not be lechartered,
and no new bank created, was willing to aid in
perfecting the bill befuie the House. He was
opposed to leaving anything to the discretion of
the Secretary of theTreasmy-, and with this view
he thought it best to insert the names of the Lanka
in which the public money should be deposited.
This would prevent any undue influence in im-
portant elections, which might be exercised if the
selection of these banks was left to the executive
authority
Mr EWING had a substitute, which at the
proper time he would offer. He was opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
He proceeded to reply to the remaiks of the gen-
tleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Polk ] He would
be opposed to any amendment which might be
offered to the bill, except the substitute which he
should himself propose
Mr MOORE said, that upon the suggestion of
several members, he would withdraw his amend-
ment for the present, and would hereafter offer it
as an amendment to the original bill.
Mr EWING then offered his substitute in lieu
of the amendment proposed by Mr Gordon. It
contained twenty eight sections, and provided for
the appointment of commissioners in the several
States, to be styled " Boards of Currency," with
authority to issue bills or notes, &c
The SPEAKER decided this amendment out
of order, inasmuch as the tenth section made an
appropriation of $30,000 for the puipose of pro-
curing engravings, printing of notes, &c , which
would render it necessary that the bill should be
committed.
Mr EWING struck out the tenth section
of the bill, when the substitute was declared to be
in order.
Mr EWING addressed the House in favor of
his proposition, and concluded his remarks by
moving to refer the bill and amendments to a
select committee of one member from each State
The motion was negatived by a large majority.
Mr. EWING again addiessed the House m
favor of his substitute.
Mr. ROBERTSON next obtained the floor,
and after speaking some time on the various ques-
tions presented by the bill, and in opposition to
its provisions and the views of the Secretary of
the Tteasury on the subject of the disposition of'
the public moneys, he gave way—without con-
cluding his remarks—to a motion by Mr WISE
for an adjournment, which carried.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Febiuarij 11, 1835
Petitions and memcials were piesented by
Messrs EWING, SHEPLEY, WRIGHT, Mc-
KEAN, TOViLINSON, and BUCHANAN
Mr. TOML1NSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was íeferied the resolutions
of the Legislature of Alabama, praying the estab-
lishment of another pension agency in that State,
