1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported unfavorably upon the same, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, made some opposi-
tion to discharging thecomtruttee; and, at his sug-
gestion, the motion was laid on the table for the
present.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the petition
of the representatives of James Parkinson, de-
ceased, leported unfavorably upon the same.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill making an
appropriation to repair certain roads in the Ter-
ritory of Michigan.
Mr. W AGO A MAN, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced abill to establish a daily
mail between Macon, Georgia, and New Orleans;
which was read twice and referred to the Post
Office Committee
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee*on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Augustus
A. Nicholson, which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bill from the House for
the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull, reported the
same, with an amendment
The bill to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions, which was returned amended by the
House of Representatives, was taken up, and the
bill and amendment were referred to the Com-
m.ttee on Pensions.
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported unfavorably upon the memorial of Wil-
liam Clark
Mr. PRESTON, from the same committee, to
which was referred the joint resolution to repeal
the joint resolution prescribing the mode of elect-
ing the public printers to Congress, reported un-
favorably upon the same, and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of both
these subjects.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. SHEP-
LEY, was read twice by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause the surveys and rr.aps made in the State
of Maine, under the direction of Colonel J S
Abert, to be communicated to the Senate; and
that he cause the maps to be reduced, if necessary,
to prepare them for publication.
HOUbE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House, were read
twice and appropuately referred:
A bill for the removal of the land office from
Wapaghanetta to Lima, in the State of Ohio,
A bill to authorize the sale of certain lands be-
longing to the University of Michigan;
A bill prescribing the punishment of consuls,
commercial agents, and others, in certain cases;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Mervm P.
Mix;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Butler;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Swain;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Pollard;
A bill for the relief of Sutton Stevens;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon and Co ,
of Jiew York,
A bill for the relief of Job Burton;
A ¿ill for the relief of SamtH H. Doxey;
A bill for the relief of John Heinck;
A bill for the relief of Job Wood;
A bill for the relief of David Kmcaid;
A bill for the íehef of Stephen Smith and
others;
A bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and the
heirs of James Abbott, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Matthew C. Perry,
A bill for the relief of E R. Shubnck, of the
United States Navy.
A bill for the relief of Riddle, Becktel, and
others:
A bill for the relief of John J. Avery;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Gatlin;
A bill for the relief of Theodore Owens;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Clements, deceased.
2j£T
A bill for the relief of S. M. Wall and H. Per-
cival;
A bill for the relief of Shubael Conant;
A bill for the relief of the legal representative of
Aaron Smith;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ball;
A bill for the relief of Richard H. Lee;
A biH for the relief of Ebenezer Breed;
A bill for the relief of George Davenport;
A bill for the relief of Richard Butman;
A b,ll for the relief of John Frazer & Co.;
A bill for the benefit of John Cullms;
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds and
John Casey;
A bill for the relief of Josiah Westlake;
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Janvier;
A bill for the relief of Josiah H. Brown and
John Conkin;
A bill to restore to certain invalid pensioners
the amount of pension by them relinquished;
A bill amendatory of the act for the repair of
the Cumberland road; and
A bill making provision for the purchase of a
fac simile of Geneial Washington's accounts.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion of Mr HENDRiCKS, the Senate
postponed the previous orders, and took up the
bill making an appropriation for the continuation
and repau of ihe Cumberland road.
Mr. H. then moved an amendment to the bill,
allowu g a percentage to the officer who shall dis-
burse the appropriation, the amount to be settled
by the rules and regulations of tne War Depart-
ment.
After some remarks from Mi. HENDRICKS,
explanatory thereof, and also of the bill,
Mr. CLAY opposed the amendment, and
Mr. HENDRICKS afterwards withdrew it
Mr. BUCHANAN said that the Cumberland
road had been a constant subject before Congress
ever since he had first taken his seat in the House
of Representatives, in the session of 1821-2     A
bill had- passed at that session to Keep it in repair,
by establishing toll gates upon it, under the au-
thority okCoogress, on which Mr. Monroe, then
the President of the United States, had placed his
veto, because, in his opinion, Congress had not
j the power, under the Constitution, to enact such
a law.    He (Mr. B ) had then carefully examined
the message of Mr. Monroe returning this bill,
and had been convinced that we had no power to
pass <my such act.    Fiom that moment he had
| steadily and unifoimly, m every shape and form,
oppo'sed the erection of toll gates upon this road
under the authority of the Gereral Government. '
I If Congress possess the power to enter the teiu- |
tory of a State; to interfere in their domestic con- ¡
cerns; to erect toll gates upon  their roads;  to |
establish a police over them and inflict penalties I
' for its violations, and of consequence to create
tribunals in which such offences can be tried— 1
I then every bariier between Fedeial and S^ate i
I authoiityis at once prostiated. Indeed,this pun- ,
| ciple would lead to perfect consolidation, so far I
i as an entnejunsd etion over the post roads of the
country, for the purpose of levying tolls to keep
them m repair, could extend                        .        !
I     In this state of things, there was one party in
Congress, which,although favorableto the preser- ,
vation of the road, felt themselves bound to vote
, against all appropnalions for its lepair, on the
' principle of compelling its friends to consent that
' tolls for tins purpose should belev.ed under the
authouty of the States through which it passes
Another party wished that it might oe foiever
kept in repair by appropriations from the national
Tieasury, without the collection of tolls, either
under the State or National authority   Andath-rd
class of politicians were determined to push the
doctnne of internal improvements to the-danger-
ous extent of abolishing the principle that Con-
gress not only possessed the power to appropriate
money for the construction of roads*and canals, (
but that they were also bound to assume a juris- |
diction over them, by electing gates upon them, i
and collecting toll.
In regard to myself, I have been more misrep- |
resented noon this question than I ever have been
on any other.    I have been constantly denounced
aj an enemy to the load, although I have never I
en'ertamed a hostile feeling towards it. Jealousy 
towards thisgieat national woik, because it might
injure the Pennsylvania turnpike, has always been
imputed to me; when, if I know myself, 1 am
incapable of such a feeling towards such an im-
provement—so beneficial to the citizens of the
country geneially.
For several years I voted for appropriations to
repair this road; and I did not cease to do so until
I discovered that, if this course were continued,
the peculiar friends of the road never would con-
sent to the erection of toll gates under State
au'honty.
In this conflict of opinions the necessary appro-
priations could not be obtained for the repairs of
the road It got into a ruinous state, and became
so dilapidated that its entire destruction was threat-
ened At length its fnendsconsented that «should
be placed under the protection of the States.
Accordingly, Pennsylvania, in April, 1831, and
I Maryland, in January, 1832, passed acts author-
izing the erection of toll gales upon it, and agreed
to take it under their care, provided it " should be
put m a good and complete state of repair" by
appropriations made by Congress. Virginia some
time afterwards passed a similar act. On the 3d
July, 1832, Congress approved of these acts,and
appropuated $150,000 towards the repairs of this
road.
Heie, then, was a contract expressly and sol-
emnly entered into, first, that the road should be
placed in good and complete repair by Gongress,
and then, that it should pass under the care of the
States, for the purpose of its preservation.
In pursuance of this arrangement, the engineer
department adopted a plan foi its complete repair.
Tne road was to be macadam ¿ed. There were
to be three strata of stone placed upon it, each of
three inches in depth. The repairs proceeded upon
this pi inciple. On the 2d March, 1833, $125,000'
moie was appropriated to continue these repairs.
At the last session an estimate was presented by
the engineer department, stating that the sum of
§652,100 would be required to finish the road;
| i but Congress refused to appropriate more than
11 §300,000 for this purpose, less than half the
¡I necessary sum. The act granting this money
also declared that it was given "for the entire
completion of the repaus of the Cumberland road
east of the Ohio."
What have been the consequences?   Just such
j' as might have been anticipated by every reflecting
'  man     The engineer department had adopted a
i' fixed plan for repairing the road.    This plan they
ll had steadily pursued fortwo years. Itwasknown,
'i or might have been known, to Congress.   They
11 were progressing gradually opon this plan, when
11 all at once, without any previous notice, Congress
I changed this plan by granting less than half the
I  money necessary to complete its execution. What
I was then to be done'   It became necessary for
i ¡ the engineer to abandon his system and spread
ii this appropriation over the whole road.    He has
J done so, and the result is, that on aboutsixty-three
I' miles of the road—nearly half its whole length—
i instead of three strata of three inches m depth
each, there is now but one.    Is there any Senator
I  who does not know not only that this is insuffi-
cient for a permanent road, but that the moment
, the spring opens, it will be cut to pieces by the
heavy wagons and carriages *   The metal, as it is
technically called, will be all in the mud, and by
the fatality which has always attended this road,
the last appropriation, of §300,000, will be ren-
dered almost entnely useless
!     But, sir, the States through which it passes have
only agreed to take this road off your hands on
thecondttion that you sha'l first put it in good and.
complete repair; and you have assented to these
terms.    Does any gentleman imagine for a single
mo.nent that the State of Pennsylvania will ac-
cept this road ¡n its present condition'   is it in
good and complete repair, according to the terms
of the contract    Your own engineers answer no,
and inform you that it will require the sum of
$346,186 58 to complete the repairs agreeably to
the system which they have adopted, and which
they deem  indispensable.    This sum, you will
have to appropiiate for the purpose; or you will
be compelled to keep the load in repair by an-
nual appropriations, a course which I presume no
