280                ____________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________    February J J,
the further consideration of the subject was laid
on the table, it would not be incumbent on the
committee to continue their investigations of the
subject '
The SPEAKER replied, that if-the motion to
lay the subject on the table prevailed, it would be
equivalent to a discharge of tile committee from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. GARLAND hoped that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] would withdraw his mo-
tion, and permit the members from the new States,
who were more particularly interested in the sub-
ject, to give their views.
Mr. HARDIN reminded the gentleman that he
had stated that if any gentleman desired to make a
speech, he would withdraw the motion. Mr. H.
then withdrew his motion to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. GARLAND hoped that the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee [Mi. Poster] would be adopted. The
President of the United States, m several succes-
sive messages, had urged this" subject upon the ¡
attention of Congress. It was well known that ]
several of the new States did not enjoy the same
privileges, as regarded the judicial system, which
had been extended to the other States. lie asked
whether the House would, when a bill had been
prepared on the subject, permit the committee to
withhold it, because it might suppose that there
was not time to act upon it' Was. it not proper
that an attempt, at least, should be made to pass
some bill on this subject at the present sess'on'
It was certainly due to the importance of the ques-
tion, ard to the new States, that the subject
should be acted upon at the earliest practicable
period He could not believe that this House
would be disposed to withhold those rights and
privileges from the new, which were enjoyed by
the old States He desned that a direct vote
should be taken on the resolution, and agreed with
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,]
that a vote to lay the subject on the table, would
be an equivocal one.
Mr McKINLEY feltas much sohcitudeas any
other member, that some bill on this subject
should receive the sanction of Congress. The
subject had, however, from time to time, been
brought up, without any apparent disposition to
do anything with it. Was it expected, under
such circumstances, that anything would be gained
by discussing the sub)ect at this late period of the
session. He was desirous that thejudicial system
should be extended to the new States This
should be done upon due dehbeiation. He was
not satisfied with the bill which had been pio-
posed. He was moreover opposed to wasting
unnecessarily the time of the House, when it was
impossible that the subject could be matuied and
disposed of at the present session.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, next rose to ad-
diess the House, but'immediately after he had
commenced his remarks,
Mr WATMOUGH moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the orders of the day;
which was agreed to—ayes 122, noes not counted.
DEPOSITE BANKS.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
regulating the deposite of the public moneys in
certain local banks.
Mr   ROBERTSON  continued the argument
commenced by him yeste day, in opposition to
the bill lntiodueed by the Committee of Ways
and Means.    His object, he said, was to show
that the experiment, as it had been termed, had !
proved unsuccessful, not having answered the pur- I
pose contemplated in taking charge of and dis-
bursing the public revenue—that a hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum were sunk and lost to the
Government by the employment of State banks for
the public deposites     Such being the case, in a
state of profound peace, he asked what might be
expected  m  the emergency of war, which we
might perhaps look to as probable at no very dis-
tant day ' The local banks he considered as pecu-1
liarly liable to be affected by the casualties and
Circumstances of the times.    Under the present
system, too, they would spring up with every |
custom-house and land office.    Hostilities would ¡
be engendered between the favored banks of the ,
Government and the others, which would require
the aid of the latter to sustain, with the force of
its power and patronage, the'banks selected as its
fiscal agents They would thus become the crea-
tures ot the Government, dependent on it for their
very existence. Jealousies would also arise be-
tween tne favored institutions themselves—one
believing another to have too large a share of
executive or governmental favor To regulate
alt these conflicting interests the office of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would be totally changed
in us character, and that officer be required to
possess more than the financial talents of a Roths-
child or a Baring. Instead of filling the office with
four different individuals in one yeai, it would be
essential that he should have spent a life in the
acquirement of the knowledge—that he should be
tramed up to all the arts of finanueung. He
alluded to the amount of deposites in tne State of
New York. He rejoiced, he said, in the giowing
prosperity of that great State He did not believe
it her wish to "retain an undue share of the public
treasure Her natural advantages weie quitesuf
ficient without the addition of such extraneous
ones. The State from which he came did notlook
with jealousy on the prosperity of any portion of
our great and happy country. She beheld with
pleasure the rapid advances of the western Stales;
and it was gratifying to behold on that flooi the
representatives of a great, giowing, fiee and intel-
ligent people, and he should not represent the
people of Vnginia, if he did not express that sen-
timent. After some further observations on the
commercial impoitance and power of New York,
Mr. R. alluded to the system of retrenchment
which had been so long called for by the people
of the country. That this system was not more
closely adhered to, he was aware, was not so
essentially the fault of the Executive branch of
Government as that of the Legislature. On Con-
gress rested the responsibility of ensuring retrench-
ment. He was anxious to see the Government
biought back to its ougmal purity, and he had
the light to call on the ft lends of the Administra-
tion to go with him on this gieat question He
concluded by expiessmgahopethat the bill would
be recommitted to the committee, with instructions
to reporta project dispensing with the useof banks
as fiscal agents of the Government.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied at first to the
remarks ot Mr Gordon, who spoke yesterday,
and defended the course of the Executive fiom the
chaiges made by that gentleman against him. A
gentleman said that, undei the new system, New
irork enjoyed a larger portion of the public reve-
nue than any other city, that she enjoyed the lion's
shaie It was hue, she did—but she bore the
hon 's shai e of the burden New York was a loser
by the new system, because, puor to it great use
was made of the public money by the merchants
of New Yoik. Much had been said of the inability
of the local banks to collect, disburse, and distrib-
ute the public revenue, but he was at a loss to
see how they weie unable to disbuise twenty mil-
lions, when a single bank had distributed and
disbursed its thousands of millions. He hoped,
however, the time would come when the country
would be enabled to dispense with the agency of
any and every bank whatsoever At present, it
could not be done. Mr C deeply regretted that,
in a question of this matter, things altogethei foreign
to it had been introduced. The Executive, in
directing the remo\al of the deposites, w.as said
to have usurped the purse and the sword, had
gentlemen forgotten the act of 31st Match, 1809'
He had hoped the long contest of last year, in
which the very ties of society were involved, and
oui friendships and affections broken, would not
have been renewed He had hoped that, after the
general battle of last year, strife would have been
at an end, but it seemed we were to have a guerrilla
war; he trusted it would be conducted with less
violence than heretofore.
Much had been said about executive patronage,
and that the majotity of the House of Representa-
tives were seen on the side of power. He would
appeal to the candor of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Gordon,] an old member of that
House, to say at what period in the history of the
last twenty years he had ever seen the majority
of the House of Representatives like the present,
standing by the Constitution, or moie faithful to
their constituents. Mr. C. had been a member of
the House for fourteen years, and he had never
seen a republican majority standing by the Con-
stitution as did the present, and with what justice
could the charge be biought against them of being
the advocates of power' When the present incum-
bent of the piesidentml chair came into office, the
Federal banner floated triumphantly over the coun-
try, and Federal usurpation was making, and had
long been making, large and lapid strides What
was the situation of the President' On the one
.hand he might have made himself the eader of
power, on the othei was that of his country. He
made his choice, and selected that imperishable
giound, indignantly rejecting all the proffers of the
advocates of power. Bill after bill was presented
to him, by wmch he might have ensured power;
he rejected them, and he wasthefiist President of
these United States bold enough to lecommend a
measure to bring the revenue down to the needful
expenses of the country. Again, when the bill to
recharter the Bank of the United States passed
both Houses, and was sent to the President for
his approval, when he might have obtained the
suppoit of every president, director, officer, stock-
holder, and customer of that institution throughout
the Union, did he, by vetoing that bill,show him-
self the advocate of executive power' Again and
again, when other bills were presented to him for
roads and canals, fiom almost every State and
every congressional district in these States, did he
then show himself the advocate of power' When
he returned measure after measure to those two
Houses, was that a proof of his advocacy of
executive power' The present Chief Magistrate
had presented an extraordinary spectacle, and
one which might probably rever be seen again,
for it was the inherent tendency of executive
power not only to retain the power given it, and
take all that was proffered, but to absorb all that
it could grasp. We have seen the Piesident of
the United States setting limits to and abndging
hi3 own power.
Mr. C. then referred to and congratulated the
House that the great question of reform was about
to be brought before the American people, and he
hoped they would go to the fountain head of the
abuses and not confine themselves to an attack
upon one subordinate branch. The root of the
evil lay deep, and had been unfortunately adopted
m 1789, at which time there were two master
spirits, Hamilton and Jefferson, of opposite senti-
ments. The evils of the Post Office took their rise
from that time.
After some further remaiks, Mr. C. again re-
curred to the subjectof banks These institutions,
he said, might be tried in the old countries, but
whatever nation should be tried, they never could
meet the case, and would be continually bunging
the paper standard into conflict with the metallic
currency. The argument that the precious metals
are diminishing, and that paper currency was
indispensable, Mr C reprobated. But we had
gone so far in this banking system, that agents
had been employed in various countries to ascer-
tain how much specie existed. They have told us
that there were stven or ten thousand millions
employed in bullion, and from three to five mil-
lions in cuirent coin
Mr. C. hoped the day would come when all
speculations about paper currency would be ban-
ished from the Hails of legislation. If not, he
feared the day would come when their lobbies
would be filled with speculative capitalists, and cor-
ruption and dissension would besown everywhere.
He had witnessed many revolutions there. A bill
introduced by himself only six yeais ago for a
reciprocity of trade, was indignantly rejected at
its second reading, and many voted agamstit who
had since become the ardent advocates ot the
system Who would now be daring enough to
introduce a bill torechaitei the Bank of the United
States' Yet, not long since it passed by a major-
ity of both Houses. Mr. C quoted from Adam
Smith's Wealth of Nations to show the similarity
of his description of the then state of England
I with the present condition of the United States,
and referred a'lso to the course of William Pitt,
Prime Minister of England, and the speeches of
Edmund Burke, in support of free trade.   He also
