¿32                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        February 12
States would not be recnartered, he was satisfied
that it would be necessary to employ the State
banks as the fiscal agents of theGoveinment He
was, therefore, in favor of perfecting the present
bill; and although he had some doubts on the sub-
ject, still he should probably vote for the amend-
ment which had been suggested by another col
league, [Mr. Moore,] to insert the names of the
State banks in the bill, so as to leave as little
discretion as poesibleto the Secretary of the Treas-
ury
Mr. VANCE asked what was now the question
befoie the House'
The CHAIR 'stated it to be on the motion to
recommit the bill, with instructions.
Mr. VANCE said he had an amendment to
the bill which he was anxious should be placed
before the House, or before the committee, if the
bill should be recommitted He also wished to
have it printed. In all legislation, he deemed it
important to look at practical results. There
were several States in the Union which did not
contain a collection district, and his amendment
looked to a more equal distribution of the public
revenue. Without it, those States would expe-
rience pecuniary embarrassments which no man
could now properly appreciate [The amendment
was read.] Mr. V. said its object was apparent
on the face of it; but, after a suggestion from the
Chair on a point of oider, he withdrew it for the
present.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose and alluded to the
variety and importance of the business on the
table which must be acted on in the nine business
days left of the session He alluded particularly to
the graduation bill—to the Post Office investiga-
tion—the public lands—the haiborbill—and vau-
ous others, involving interests of the highest
importance, which hehoped weredulyappreciated
oy the members of the House. He had a dislike,
which nearly amounted to aversion, to be either
the principal or the agent in any act tending to
curtail the freedom of debate; but under the pres- l
ent circumstances, the necessity was urged upon I
him by the most imperious considerations. It was
therefore he assured the House it was with great
reluctance that he felt compelled to demand the
previous question
Mr McKlNLEY moved a call of the House
A question of order was raised as to whether
that motion could be made before the call for the
previous question was seconded; and after some
conversation thereon between, the CHAIR,
Messrs. McKlNLEY, WILLIAMS, MASON,
MERCER, SUTHERLAND, and BRIGGS,
Mr. McKlNLEY withdrew the motion
The motion for the previous question was then
taken by tellers; and decided as follows—ayes S6,
noes 100
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mi. BURGES expressed ¡* wish to address the
House, but as the hour was late, he moved to
adjourn.
Mi. POLK asked for the yeas and nays, which
having been ordered,
Mr BURGES withdrew the motion.
Mr. FILLMORE then asked for a division of
the question to recommit with instructions.
Tne question was then taken by yeas and nays,
which had been pieviously ordered, on the motion
to recommit the bill, and decided in the negative—
yeas 91, nays 115.
The question then recurring on the amendment
offered by Mr. Ewing, that gentleman asked for
the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. SLADE moved to adjourn.
Negatived—ayes 93, noes 102.
The question on Mr. Ewing's amendment was
then decided by the following vote:
YEA—Mr Ewmg—1.
NAYS—Messrs. John Q,. Adams, John Adams,
Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber,
Barnnger, Bates, Baylies, Beale, Bean,. Beatty,
Beaumont, Bell, Binney, Bockee, Boon, Bouldm,
Briggs,Brown, Bull,Bunch, Burns,Bynum,Cage,
Cambreleng, Campbell, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chambers, Chaney, Chilton, Chinn, Claiborne,
Samuel Clark, William Clark, Clay, Clayton,
Coffee, Cramer, Crane, Crockett, Darlington,
Amos Davis, Day, Deberry, Denny, Dickerson,
Dickinson, Dunlap, Evans, Edward Eveiett, Fel-
der, Perns, Fillmore," Forester, Foster, Fowler,
William K Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Garland,
Gholson, Gillet, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Gra-
ham, Grennell, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall,
Thomas H Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Hardin, James Harper, Hathaway, Hawkins,
Heath, Henderson, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard,
Huntington, Inge, William Jackson, Ebenezer
Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin
Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgoie, King, Kinnard, L.ane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lea, Lee, Letcher, Lewis,
Lincoln, Love, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Mai-
tindale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y Mason, Moses
Mason, May, McCarty, McComas, Mclntire,
McKay, McKennan, McKim, McKinley, Mc-
Lene, McVean, Miller, Milhgan, Miner, Henry
Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Moore, Moigan, Muh-
lenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Paiks, Parker,
Patton, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Phillips, Pick-
ens, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Pinckney, Plum-
met, Polk,Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Reynolds,
Robertson, Schenck, Schley, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Shmn, Slade, Smith, Spangler, Speight,
Standifer, Steele, William Taylor, William P.
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins, |
Trumbull,Tweedy, Vance, Van Ilouten, Vinton, '
Waggener, Waid, Ward well, Watmough, Web-
stei, Whallon, White, Williams, and Wise—189.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then lecurnng on the amendment
of Mr. GonnoN,
Mi WILLIAMS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordeied.
Ml. VANC E moved an adjournment, negatived
—a.y es 71, noes not counted.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment offered by Mr. Gordon; as
follows-
YEAS—Messis John Q, Adams,ChiltonAllan,
Heman Allen, John J. Allen, Archer, Barber,
Beale, Beaty,Campbell,C'aiborne, William Clark,
Clayton, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Fos-
ter, Gamble, Gholson, Gordon, Griffin, Heath,
Letcher, Lewis, Martindale, McComas, Pickers,
Robertson, Spangler, Steele, William P. Taylor,
Wilde, Williamb, and Wise—33.
NAYS—Messis John Adams, William Allen,
Ashley, Banks, Barnnger, Baylies, Bean, Beau-
mont, Bell, Binney, Bockee, Boon, Bouldm,
Bnggs, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cage,
Cambreleng, Carmichael, Cair, Casey, Chaney,
Chilton, Chinn, Samuel Clark, Clay, Coffee,
Cramer, Ciane, Darlington, Day, Denny, Dick-
eison, Dickinson, Dunlap, Evans, Edwaid Ever-
ett, Ewing, Ferns, Fillmore, Forester, Fowler,
William K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Garland,
Gillet,Gilmer,Gorham, Graham, Grayson,Gren-
nell, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall.Thcmas H Hall,
Halsey, Hamei, Hannegan, Hard, Hardm, James
Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hen-
derson, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington,
Inge, William Jackson, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes,
Tarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson,
Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgore, King, Kin-
naid, Lane, Lansing, Lapoite,LukeLea,Thomas
Lee, Lincoln, Love, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K. Mann, Marshall, Mardis,
John Y. Mason, Moses Mason, May, McCarty,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan,McKim, McKm-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Milhgan, Miner,
Henry Mitchell,Robert Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parks, Par-
ker, Patton Patterson, Dutee J Pearce, Phillips,
Pierce, Pierson, Pinckney, Plummer, Polk, Pope,
Potts, Ramsay,Reed,Reynolds,Schenck,Schley,
William B. Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Shmn, Slade, Smith, Speight, Standifer, William
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thomson, Trumbull,
Turril],Tweedy, Vance, Van Houten, Waggener,
Ward, Ward well, Watmough,Webster, Whallon,
White, and Wilson—161.
So the amendment was negatived.
Mr. BOON moved the previous question.
Mr. FOSTER and Mr. MARDIS appealed to
the honorable member to withdraw the motion,
but Mr. Boon not consenting,
Mr. BURGES moved an adjournment    Car-
ried—ayes 95, noes 8b
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE 
Thursday, Febiuary 12, 1S35.
Petitions and  memorials were presented by
Messrs S1LSBEE, KING of Alabama, KANE,
and GOLDSBOROUGH.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which the following bills fiom
the House of Representatives were referred, re-
ported the same;
A bnl authorizing the sale of certain lands be-
longing to the University in Michigan, without
amendment;
A bill authorizing the removal of the land office
at Wapahkonetta, in Ohio, to Lima, in said State,
without amendment,
A bi'l for the relief of George Davenport, with-
out amendment,
A bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and others,
with an amendment
Mr SOUTHARD, from the Naval Committee,
to which weie referred the bills from the House of
Repiesentatives, for the relief of Mervin P Mix,
M C Perry, and E. R Shubnck, reported them
severally, without amendment.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
the children of Berijamin W Booth, late a master
commandant in the United States Navy.
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN.fiom the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, made an unfavorable
report upon the petition of Richard Andres
Mr. BELL, fi om the Judiciary Committee, made
an unfavorable report upon the petition of John
L. Wynn
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports upon the petitions of Henry
H. Burr and John Howe
He also reported the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of Francis B. Ogden,
without amendment.
Also, a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to compromise the claims allowed by
the Commissioners under the treaty with the King
of the Two Sicilies, concluded in 1832, which
was lead the first time and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.from the Committee
on Manufactures, to which was referred the reso-
lution relative to duties upon refined sugar, re-
ported a bill allowing an additional drawback on
sugar refined in the United States and exported
therefrom; which was read the first time and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a joint resolution, requiring a
series of experiments tobe made to ascertain how
far it is practicable to substract from the coins of
the United States by chemical process, or by drill-
ing, whieh was read the first time and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr BLACK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made unfavoiable reports upon the peti-
tions of John A Webster and Samuel Hambleton.
Mr BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of the heirs of Andrew McClelland.
Mr. S1LSBEE, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a bill for the relief of John J.
Putnam and Nathan Pratt.
Mr. HENDRICKS, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced a bill making appropri-
ations to constiuct certain roads in the Territory
of Michigan; which bills were read twice and
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated aletter
from the War Department, conveying a statement
of the contracts made by the department for the
year 1834
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a memonal fiom the Legislative Council
of Michigan Terntoiy, piaying fur the removal
of the light boat near Waugoshavee Point, to the
mouth of the Detroit uver,and for the erection of
a light house on said Point; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce
