244
THE /CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
thought, that the Senate had acted in perfect con-
formity to their duty; and the unanimity with
which that body had acted was precisely the
unanimity in which he wished the House to have
acted. He then informed the House of the object
of the motion then made, viz. of calling upon the
Committee oa Foreign Relations to do what he
thought the duty of every committee to do, report
as soon as possible upon any matter referred to
them. He wished the House to show the coun-
try that they were not sleeping upon a matter
involving the rights, the interests, and the honor
of the country. That was his intention, and this
explanation he desired to make.
There was another matter of much more import-
ance, to which he would also briefly advert. In
that great commercial emporium, the city of New
York, he had been informed that great excitement
had arisen, not from the action of, but in conse-
quence of the debate that took place in, the House
on this day week; and mainly fiom the remarks
he was understood to have made—or, as it was ex-
pressed, upon the stand he was supposed to have
taken. He had seen, from the newspapers, that
the holders of French goods and wares in the
cities of New York and Philadelphia had advanced
their prices upon those goods, in consequence of
what he had said. He regretted that any such an
effect should have been produced, and he should
hardly have believed it possible; for he supposed
that the mercnants of New York, Philadelphia,
and all the other commercial cities in the country,
would draw their inferences, with respect to the
proceedings of this Government, not from what
was said by any one individual member—much
less from what was said by Mr. A —but from the
action, of the House. Whatever, upon that day,
might have been his partial propensity, or what-
ever might have been most erroneously repre-
sented to havebeen hisviewsand wishes, he should
have supposed that the merchants of those large
cities would have looked to what the House did
upon his motion,and not upon what he had said.
He would remark, that it appeared he was not
supported by any party in the House; for, so far
from agreeing with him, they actually rejected
his motion bya very large majority, without even
giving him the opportunity of taking the yeas and
nays. That fact was as widely diffused abroad
ns his remarks of that day, and he was, therefore,
at a loss to conceive how it was possible for such
an effect to have taken place, either from what he
said or from what the House did.
In conclusion, (said Mr. A.,) I wish to give this
notice, if such notice must \)e given, to all the
merchants throughout the Union, that there is not
the least danger, not the slightest danger, of any-
thing that can lead to a war, from this House, or
from the other branch of the Legislature. I say
this, sir, upon my own responsibility to the nation;
and I tell them that in the present state of affairs
there is no danger of any sort, that anything will
be done by this or the other branch of the Legis-
lature, which can by any possibility have a ten-
dency to cieate a rupture with Fiance I say
this, that they may quiet and iranquilize them-
selves upon this supposed danger And I say it,
that they may immediately set about reducing
their prices upon the lute-strings and silk ribbons,
and all those elegant ornaments, so needful to
adorn the fair visitors of fancy balls, for God for-
bid that Í should do or say anything that should
be the means of taxing the ladies for ornamenting
their persons
Mr. A. here concluded, and the petitions were
referred to the Committee on the Distiict of Co-
lumbia.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. C. JOHNSON offered the following res-
olution , the consideration of which was postponed
until Monday, 16 h February:
Resolved, That the report of the Recorder and
Commissioners for the adjustment of land titles in
the State of Missouri, under the acts of the 9th
July, 1832, and the 3d March, 1833, be referred
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and that he
report to the next session of Congress: 1st, as to
the correctness of the principles adopted and acted
Upon by the Recorder and Commissioners as set
forth m said report, 2d. That he report, also, to
the House the names of the several claimants in
said report, whose claims are entitled to confirma-
tion under the Spanish regulations, and the several
acts of Congress upon that subject.
Mr. PLUMMER offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over one dav:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United
States be requested to cause to be communicated
to this House the construction which the proper
department or departments of the executive branch
of the General Government placed upon the
twelfth section of the act of March 3d, 1803, reg-
ulating the grants and pioviding foi the sale of
lands of the United States, south of Tennessee;
the act of March l-,t, 1817, enabling the people of
the western part of Mississippi Territory to form
a constitution and State government, and the
treaties of Pontotoc and Washington, made with
the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, so far as relates to
the rights of the inhabitants of each township to
the sixteenth section for the use of schools, and
the rights of the government of Mississippi to five
per cent of the proceeds of the sale of the lands
for purposes of internal improvement within that
district of country ceded to the United Slates by
the aforesaid tribe of Indians, at the treaty of
Pontotoc cieek, made on the 2d day of October,
1832, and whether, in the opinion of the Execu-
tive, this treaty-making powerof theUmtedStates
has or has not placed a specific performance of
the compact made with the people of Mississippi,
beyond the contract of the General Government,
and whether any legislation of Congiess is deemed
necessaiy to enable the Government to carry into
effect, m good faith, either toe provisions of the
act of 1803, relating to the eighteenth section, ami
the act of 1817, relating to the five peí cent on the
stipulations contained in the aforesaid treaties with
the Chickasaws.
On motion of Mr HANNEGAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, in the State of
Indiana, a port of enti y.
On motion of Mr POPE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostO<fice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Jef-
ferson town,"Jefferson county, Kentucky, to Shel-
byvillt, Shelby county, Indiana
Mr SEVIER, by consent, offered the following
resolution; which was agreed to
Reiolved, That the Secietary of War be in-
structed to report to this House the report of Mi.
Featheretonhaugh, the geologist, employed in
virtue of the act of June 28, 1834, appropriating
the sum of five thousand dolíais to be applied to
geological and mmeralogical surveys and re-
searches.
Mr C. ALLAN, fiom the Committee on the
Territories, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House will on Friday, the
20th instant, take up and consider bills relating
to the Territories.
Mr POLK moved to amend the resolution by
substituting Tuesday for Friday; which was
agreed to.
Mr. VANCE moved to amend the resolution
by including as one of the bills to be considered
on that day the bill fixing the northern boundary
lines of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
The amendment was discussed   by  Messrs
VANCE, C. ALLAN, ASHLEY, ALLEN of
Ohio, WHITE, LYON of Michigan, and VIN-
TON.
The debate was arrested by a motion, made by
Mr  McKIM, to proceed to the orders of the day
Mr. WILDE moved to reconsider the vote
adopting the resolution offered this day by Mr C
JOHNSON.
After a few remarks by Messrs C. JOHNSON,
ASHLEY, and CLAY, the motion to reconsider
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the further con-
sideration of the resolution was postponed to
Monday next.
Mr CLAIBORNE, frcm the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolution-
Resolved, That Robert P Letcher having been
duly returned as the rightful member of the House
of Representatives of the United States fiom the
fifth congressional districtof Kentucky, is entitled
to compensation as a member of the last and pies-
ent session; and that Thomas P Mooie having
attended the last session of Congress by order of
the House, be allowed like compensation foi the
last session of Congress.
Mr HARDIN said the House would recollect
that at the last session he entertained the opinion
which he now d.d, that Mi Letcher was entitled
to his seat in this body. The House had, how-
ever, come to the conclusion that owing to the
difficulties which the question presented, it could
not decide which of the gentlemen was the choice
of the people The question was submitted to the
voters of the district, not to examine the record,
because that would have been absurd, but that it
should be decided by a new election. As both of
the gentlemen were detained here oy the order of
the House, it was his opinion that both should be
paid. He was in favor of paying both orneither
He therefore moved to amend the resolution so as
to compensate Messrs LetcherandMoorefor their
attendance, under the order of the House at the
last session
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, concurred en-
tirely in the views of his colleague, [Mr Hardin ]
He thought both the gentlemen ought to be paid,
as proposed.
Mr. WiLDE demanded the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered
Mr CLAY was of opinion that both gentlemen
should be paid He thought, however, that the
claims should be considered separately As the
committee had reported this resolution, he was op-
posed to throwing any embarrassment in the way
of its passage; and if a similar resolution should
be proposed in favor of Mr. Moore, he would al¡>o
vote for such a proposition.
Mi McKIM renewed the motion to proceed to
the consideration of the orders of the day, which
was agreed to—ayes 87, noes 64.
POST OFFICE   DEPARTMENT.
Mr BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to consider the motion submitted by
him yesterday to punt twenty five thousand extra
copies of the two repoits of the Post Office Com-
mittee, together with the documents accompany-
ing the same
Objection having been made, Mr. BRIGGS'
moved to suspend the rule, which was earned—
ayes 114, noes 28
The motion was then taken up, the question
being on an amendmentofferedby Mr SPEIGHT
to substitute ten thousand foi twenty-five thou-
sand copies
Mr SPEIGHT said that when he yesterday
suggested that ten thousand copies of the reports
and documents should be printed, he was not
aware that they were so voluminous The print-
ing of the number he had proposed could not be
accomplished m any reasonable time The reports
and documents could not be embiaced in a single
volume, and as every newspaper m the country
would publish such portions of the reports si
would suit their purposes, he would modify hts
amendment by substituting five thousand for ten
thousand copies
Mr. BRIGGS said, if he was called upoi to
vary his motion, he should be disposed to increabe,
rather than lessen the number of copies. He
would do this for the very íeason assigned by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr Speight] for
reducing the number which that gentleman had
originally proposed, namely, that the newspapers
would publish such portions of the reports as
would answer then purposes By a course of this
kind, the entire matter contained in the reports
would never reach the people of the United States
Mi B íeferred to the universal concern which
was felt on this subject The people looked with
intense interest for the report of the Committee of
this House It had been charged that the affaus
of this department had been heretofore misman-
aged. At the instance of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office, [Mr Connor,] who
was a friend of the Administration, the House,
at the last session, appointed a select committee
to sit in the recess, for the purpose of investiga-
ting the affairs of this department    This commit-
