1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
tee met in September and had been laboriously
engaged in the discbaige of its duties up to yes-
terday. The resulta of their labors had been
reported to theIIouse,and the question now was,
how could the country be best made acquainted
with these results? lie knew no other way than
the one which he had proposed. It was nota
sufficient reason, that because this investigation
was voluminous it should not be extensively cir-
culated in the country. In relation to the contents
of the reports, he knew but little. He had merely
seen the result to which the majority of the com-
mittee (who were friendly to the Administration,)
had arrived—a result which the majority declared
has given them pain and filled them with astonish-
ment. The people would look with anxiety for this
report. He had more calls for it from his constitu-
ents than for any other document which had been
presented to the House. He repeated, in conclu-
sion, that if he should vary his motion, it would
be to print a still larger number of these papers
than what he had originally proposed.    -
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY did not think that the
documents would be found to be as voluminous as
had been supposed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Speight.] A sub-committee had
undertaken to examine and select such parts of
these documents as might be necessary to be
printed. This duty was not as yet performed;
but he felt warranted in saying that a large mass
of the documents would be found unnecessary,
and would be thrown out by the sub-committee.
The principal facts were conceded in both reports.
This would supert-ede the necessity of printing all
the documents. As to the number of the reports
which should be printed, that wasa matter for the
House to decide. He had no suggestions to make
upon that point. In conclusion, Mr. W. said he
trusted the House would not prematurely enter
upon a discussion of the r.eports.
Mr. TYNUMsaid he should consider himself a
degraded wretch  were he to attempt to withhold
information from the people. But the fact must
be apparent to all that a species of extravagance
had obtained in this House in relation to the print-
ing of documents which was wholly unauthorized
and improper. He had, on divers occasions, op-
posed the printing of an extra number of docu-
ments, not one half of which were ever sent from
the Capitol. If the number of the reports in ques-
tion, which had been proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs,] should be
ordered, not more than two-thirds or one-half of
them would ever be sent out to the people. An
inspection of the ■ folding-rooms of the House
would convince any gentleman that he was not
mistaken in this particular.
If gentlemen were anxious to put a stop to a
prodigal expenditure of the public money, this
House was the place which should form the start-
ing point. The Executive Department had been
charged in this House with a wasteful expendi-
ture of money, when it was an incontrovertible
fact that this body was more justly liable to such
a charge. Those who 'were the most clamorous
against the Executive, in this particular, were
themselves the peculiar advocates of extravagant
and uncalled-for appropriations on thisfloor. We
are the trustees (said he) of the people. They
will not look to us for the information contained in
these reports. They would look to the public
prints. Besides, if the proposed number of the
reports should be printed, a few may obtain them.
It would hardly be a drop in the bucket, compared
with the circulation that would be given to them
in the newspapers. We could not print a suffi-
cient number to enlighten the public. If we did
so, we must incur an expense which would be
condemned by all.
Mr. B. repeated, in conclusion, that if gentle-
men were disposed to attempt reformation, this
House was the place to commence. There-ap-
peared to be a greater disposition for extravagance
here than elsewhere. He could not vote for the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Briggs.] Much thelarger proportion of the
documents laid upon the tables of members, were
never sent from the Capitol. They fell to the lot
of the little pages of the House. The only reason
which could be assigned for publishing so large a
number of these reports, was, that it would give a
good job to the printers of the House.
Mr. CONNOR regretted that the concluding
remarks of the report of the committee had been
lugged into this discussion. He doubted very
much the propriety of the publication which had
been given to them in a morning paper. Before
any inferences were drawn from theextracts which
had been published, it was peculiarly proper that
the House should be in possession of the whole
facts. He alluded to the probable amount of
matter contained m the reports. It was true that
many of the documents would be cast off as unne-
cessary to be published. The great mass of them,
howeveiymust necessarily accompany the report.
The committee were desirous that every ground
upon which they had formed their conclusions
should be distinctly understood. The committee
had performed then- duties honestly and faithfully,
although the results had not been in accordance
with their wishes.
Mr. BRIGGS modified his motion by proposing
to print five thousand copies of the report, together
with the documents, and twenty thousand copies
of the report without the documents.
Mr. B'EARDSLEY said, if the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Briggs]
referred simply to the printing of the reports, he
should say nothing on the subject. The motion
to print the documents was, however, distinct;
and if it was viewed in reference to an expenditure
of money, was one of importance. While we
were looking elsewhere to see if the public money
had not been improvidently squandered, it would
perhaps be proper that we should reserve to our-
selves, to some extent, a portion of the counsels
which we were disposed to impart to others. It
was at all events just that the House should be
informed of the magnitude of the documents which
accompanied this report. The sub-committee, to
which reference had been made, would exclude
but a small portion of them. Those necessary to
be published would form, in his belief, certainly
two, and perhaps three, volumes of the ordinary
size of congressional documents. The number
which had been proposed to be printed, would cost
a considerable sum of money. If it was intended
to send these documents home to every reader, so
that the whole people may derive from them the
facts which are ordinarily to be found in the news-
papers, if that is the object, as is argued by the
honorable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Briggs,] it would be necessary to print five hun-
dred thousand copies instead of five thousand
copies. If this was the object, the number pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, as
had been remarked, would be but a drop in a
bucket. He was not opposed to printing a reason-
able number of these documents for distribution.
He believed the object of printing an extra num-
ber of copies would be as essentially attained by
publishing two thousand as any other number, if
the House thought it a judicious expenditure of
the public money to order a large number, they
could do so.
Mr. BURGES referred to the importance of the
reports. The people, he contended, should be
made acquainted with their contents. How were
they to procure this information? Were they to
look for it in the newspapers, or should they not
rather look to the types of this House to furnish
them with itr The papers would never publish
the whole of the reports and documents. They
would, as has been said, publish only so much as
would suit their particular views. The truth
elicited by the reports could only be furnished to
the people by publishing the volumes. He thought
.the gentleman from New York [Mr. Beardsley]
had overestimated the length of the documents.
This was, however, immaterial. He did not think
that the House should withhold from the people
desirable information from the paltry considera-
tion that by so doing it would be a saving of their
own money. He could not accord in the state-
ment that a large portion of our documents never
left the city. It was true that there were some
trifling reports and bills which were never looked
at, and, as a matter of course, not sent away.
He was opposed to ail attempts to save money,
where they were intended to stifle information, or
withhold it from the people. In conclusion, he
proposed to print five thousand copies of the re-
ports and documents, and thirty thousand copies
of the reports without the documents.  He thought
no member who desired to inform ihe peonle on
the subject, could object to the number which he
had proposed.
Mr. LANE said, that believing, as he did, that
the report was interesting and important—the re-
sult of a laborious investigation by a committee of
this House—a result to which the people looked
with solicitude—he felt bound to vote for printing
the largest number named by the gentleman tiom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs.]
It had been said by several honorable gentle-
men, that the newspapers would publish all that
the people were interested in knowing, and there-
fore any extra number of copies would be a use-
less expense of public money.
It was well known that the newspapers would
publish such extracts as would suit their own
views, and the result would be to confuse, not to
inform the public. Justice to the people and to
the department, requires that the entire report
should be exhibited. He wished that it was pos-
sible to place it in the hands of every individual,
that each might examine and decide for himself.
It had been said that the people would not read the
report if placed before them. The people are not
so indifferent about the administration of any
department of the Government—much less so as
to the administration of the General Post Office—
which addresses itself more immediately and more
universally than any other to their feelings and
interests. They will read it with care, and they
can best judge of its course, who see its operations
and feel its Benefits.
Shall the important conclusions of this commit-
tee go forth in the newspapers, unaccompanied
by the facts which indicate the origin, the prog-
ress, and the extent of the evils that are men-
tioned ? Shall the responsibility of these evils be
thus unjustly cast upon the persons admimsteiing
the department, instead of the-true cause—ihe
defects in the organization originally prescribed
by lav;? The same errors have existed from the
origin of the department. The immense increase
of mail routes called for by the rapid improvement
of our country, and incessantly urged by members
of this House, have developed their injurious
practical opeiation. The distinguished individual
who directs that department,has merely followed
in the footsteps of his predecessors in office.
Anxious to administer the department so as to
extend its benefits to every part of our country,
the defective legal organization has prevented him
from keeping the immense business of the depart-
ment under his own eyes.
It should be clearly understood, and carefully
remembered that these enors have been confined
mainly to a subdivision—to the fiscal branch of
the department. Whenever errors have been made
obvious, I understand that they have been reme-
died, as far as was possible, under the present
laws.
During the last two years most of the errors
admitting correction have ceased to exist; and to
those acquainted with the business of the depart-
ment, in two of its most important divisions, it is
well known that "an energetic and accurate system
has been applied, that under proper legal pro-
visions will enable the Postmaster General to place
the department on that high ground suited to its
importance.
Enable the people to make these discrimina-
tions. The friends of the Postmaster General, the
supporters of the Administration, are those most
interested in the wide circulation of this report.
Shall it be said that a Democratic majority,
whose leading principles are the correction pf
abuses, the simplification of public business, and
its full exhibition to the people, object to the pub-
lication of this report?    He trusted not.
The inquiry had been made by direction of a
Democratic majority of this House; the report had
been made by the Democratic majority of that
committee; it exhibited abuses which had existed
under every Administration. On that report it
was our duty to act. Let the report go to our
constituents, that they may judge whether our
conduct in reference to these" abuses keeps pace
with the professions by which we are pledged to
reform them.
Mr. CROCKETT said I belong to the Commit-
tee on the Accounts of the House. We yesterday
examined the accounts of this committee, and
