THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
•43a OoK&RBbs, 2d 3ession.
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1835.
Vol. 2 ....No. 16.
wariants it; but the rule is now to be reversed
for the first time in this country. Su, I under-
take to say you are now called on to camínate,
by speeches and the circulation of reports, in
unusual and extraordinary numbers, an individ-
ual, before the very testimony is examined by his
triers, who are, by this motion, to be made the
organs of its publication and distnbution Why,
Ml Speaker, the humblest culprit arraigned at
the judicial bar of our country, for crimes the
twos' foul and atioeious, is indulged with the time
and opportunity for a fair hearing and a full and
complete defence, an ample examination of all the
testimony against him, before the sentence of con-
demnation is passed upon him. And is a high
officer of this Government to be debarred the
privilege allowed to the common malefactor'1 Say
what you will, sir, the present proceedings against
this department have tne tendency necessawly to
produce the results 1 have named Whether by
accident or design, he is to be the victim. Pnend
and foe seem ready for the sacrifice, and he gets it
from them all, light and left Why, sir, not wait
for the printing and examination of the two re-
ports of the Senate, which, before they were
printed or read, (Í mean by the Senators,) pro-
duced a bill from that body, a bill which has been
sent down to us for the reorganization of that
depaitment? I stand here as a sworn juroi be-
tween the country and the accused, and, for one,
I will not act, by the God that made me, except
on ample proof Let us have it. Not only this
report, but the two reports from the Senate. Why,
sir, should we prpjudge this case? Why act be-
!oie the proof is before us? Why attempt to
forestall or pi ejudice the public mind ? Why anti-
cipate a decision which may never be made by
this body, when they have the time and means to
investigate for themselves?
These reports may be antagonist to each other,
and yet, sir, you aie called on to anticipate your
future judgment, deliberately formed, by testi-
mony you have not heaiJ, and a system of con-
duct which may lead to the most unjust and vin-
i ive elimination of those who may be (as I
believe them) completely innocent Tell me not
that the head of this department is not to be
directly and immediately affected by this precipi-
tate and ill-advised action of the House 1 know
better, sir. You cannot alienate his personal and
political ident'fy in this determination The object
is, his removal, his political demolition. It shall
rot happen, ¡>ir, with my consent, without a full
and fa r trial No, sir, I want all the documents—
I demand all the proofs—show me official dere-
liction and I will vote for its radical removal.
Show me corruption, peculation, defalcation, or
negligence, and with all my heart I will join in
the application to remove it—but I must fust see
and know it, before 1 attempt a remedy. There is
one thing I must here add—that for the first time
the Postmaster General has been personally the
subject of accusation Daring the whole of the
last session (elsewhere, as in this body) he has
escaped unscathed His character has been held
sacred. I avow openly, and with pride, my waim
attachment to the head of this department. I
have known him 'ong, and love and esteem, and
revere his many estimable and exalted pioperties,
and it was a matter of no ordinary compliment,
that through all the bitterness of party feeling
during the last session of Congress, as well as the
present, when the hail storms of party malevo-
lence and persecution beat about his department
and himself as its representative, that his person
v/as held sacied, that no harm approached him,
that the lull tubute to his individual merits was
exacted by a knowledge of his worth, ft ora the
bitterest of his opponents, and 1 now^dare and
defy any man on or off this floor to impeach
the personal or political integrity of William T
Barry.
Notwithstanding (continued Mr. L ) the long
services, unquestioned ability, and worth of my
honorable colleague,  [Mr. Whittlesey]—than
16
to whom no one moie readily than myself is willing
to accord the merit of usetulness and indefatigable
zeal, honesty and energy of action as a Represent-
ative of my State upon this floor, one who has
justly earned its confidence and high regaid, ana'
made me ready,alwaysieady, toacknowledge his
ability, and claim him with pride and pleasure as a
colleague, however widely we may differ in some
things—today he has sui prised me by attempting
to disprove tne statements of the gentleman fiom
Maine, [Mr. Smith,] by showing in his way that
there was no proof of the fact before the House that
the burdens of the department were increased by
the increase of extra printing during the last session
of Congress, and thereto1e, that the statements
were fallacious. Why, sir, it lequires no proof,
(said Mr. L ,) it is a matter that addresses itself
at once to the common sense and undeistanding
of every man upon this floor. Can there be an
enormous increase of documents without the in-
dispensable increase of cost for their circulation
by the mail? It is amat'er about which there can
be no dispute Add to the tonnage, and y'ou must
pay for the increased carriage. Multipty docu-
ments, and you must provide means forthen trans-
portation. And thus it has been, sir, among other
means that the department has reached tne point
of difficulty complained of.
The trouble exists mainly, in my opinion, in
the increased burdens imposed on the department
by the legislation of Congress, one way or another,
and its willingness and anxiety to meet the de-
mands thus made on it. Sir, I appeal in a spirit
of fiankness to this body, if they have not, by
their system of legislation, contnbu'ed mainly to
produce the state of things of which they now
complain against the Post Office Department By
the application of what class of people have new
mail routes been estabiisned, post offices cieated,
contiacts made, and extia a'lowances granted?
My answer is, by members of Congress (And
I trust the catalogue will be forthcoming before
long, exhibiting a list of all who have thus kindly
aided to the distress of the department they are
now so ready to condemn and execrate )
Sn,*by the proposition now before you, we are
called on to aggravate the evil which the document
complains of that we send abroad You start a
diseased herald to report the malady of which the
very messenger is the subject—one of a family of
fifty thousand.
I am opposed to any new panic therefore Í shall
vote against the printing now, and hereafter, of a
single extia sheet of anything; especially where
the design is to anticipate the action of the House
and forestall public judgment. Such printing as
is indispensable to the purposes of legislation 1 am
prepared to vote for, but no more. I have ever
been opposed to this extravagant propensity of
the House. Let any gentleman on this floor turn
to the mass of well bound printed trash of the last
session, and say if the load of such mattei under
which his shelves now groan, of panic speeches,
memorials, reports, resolutions, and eien names,
will not compel him honestly to admit that there
is to be found the true seci et of at least one diffi
culty under which the departmentbas had to labor;
but there are others which in due time shall be
noticed. Let the House, I say, however, pause
first itself, before it arraigns any other depart-
ment of the Government Sir, the extra printing
of this House would cover all the extra allow-
ances (occasioned chiefly by the action of Con-
gress) of the Post Office Department for the last
two years. I liaza.d the opinion. Look at the
abuses too of the franking privilege. One mam
object avowed in defence of this propos.tion is
to supply the districts of certain gentlemen-
yes, sir, to make Uncle Sam pay for the privilege
of getting ourselves reelected by franking home
any quantity of documents. My day is over, sir,
in that way", but I assure gentlemen that 1 never
knew much good to come of it—you can't frank
to every elector in the district—one is as much
entitled as another—and so far as my experience
goes, you make more enemies than friends by
franking at all, for I nevei sent one document to a
constituent that I did not receive on an average at
least one letter from another, complaining that he
had been neglected; so that but little good is done
in that way.
But, sir, in conclusion, I desire nothing but what
is fair and just m the decision of the House upon
this matter. Let us have an opportunity before
we condemn puie and upright and hitherto honor-
able men—let us compare with the increased busi-
ness of this department, under the present head,
the expenses, the defalcations, the practices, the
uses and abuses of those who preceded him. I
wish, sir, and hope that all these matters have
come within the observance of the committee, and
that as they are greatly regulated by precedent and
contrast, we may expectto find less guilt than has
been anticipated oi hoped for, and an equal atpount
of integiity, fidelity, and official usefulness, as will
compare with any precedent administration of the
department I have occupied the House longer
than I wished or expected, and conclude by hoping
that they will at leastieducethenumber proposed
of extra copies.
Messrs ELISHA WHITTLESEY and CRA-
MER afterwards addiessed the House, and Mr.
HUBBARD moved the previous question; which
was seconded by a majority of the House, and
taken, being on the motion, as modified and
dmdedjto print thiee thousand extia copies of
the reports and documents. The question was
taken by yeas and nays; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 161, nays 47
The question was then also taken by yeas and
nays on printing twenty thousand extra copies of
reports without the documents; and passed in the
affirmative—yeas 101, nays 93.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Febiuary 16, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. TOMLIN-
SON and TYLER.
Mr. WAGGA MAN presented a communication
from the Legislature of Louisiana, together with,
■a joint resolution praying a grant of land from
Congress to that State for the purposes of public
education; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS  TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which the following bills from the House
of Representatives were referred, reported the
same, as follows.
A bill for the íelief of JohnFrazer& Co., with-
out amendment,
A bill for the relief of Richard Butman, with-
out amendment;
A bill for the relief of Riddle, Becktel, and
others, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Committee
on Finance were discharged from the further con- ,
sideration of the petition of James Robinson.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives making appropriations for the
fortifications of the United States for the year
1835, reported the same with an amendment.
Mr McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which the bill for the relief of Job Barton
was committed, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bills for the relief of
John Hernck and Job Wood, reported them,
severally, without amendment.
Mr BELL, from the Committee on Claims, to
which was referred the bill fro™ the House of
Representatives for the relief of Samuel Buller,
reported the same without amendment.
