>36.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
nn"ht call it up, on doing which, the question
wo'u'd recur on the motion to reconsider.
Mr DICKSON asked for the yeas and nays;
winch weie ordered.
Mr OUOLSON appealed to the gentleman
from New York [Mr White] to withdraw his
motion, for the people of the South were very
anxious to know the feeling of the House upon
the subject, and he hoped to see it expressed by a
direct vote
Mr C. P. WHITE said, though he was at all '
times very glad to accommodate the gentleman, ¡
yet, in this particular, he must be excused.             j
The conversation on the poinf of order and the
Speaker's decision was resumed, and after a few
minutes spent thereon—
Mr. C. P. WHITE said, to meet the views of
the gentleman  from  Virginia, he withdrew the
motion to lay the subject on the table, and moved s
the previous question.                           _                     '
The second to the previous question and the
main question were both agreed to without a
division                                                                          !
The question then recurred on reconsidering the
motion to print the memorial, on which the yeas
and nays had been ordered, and it was decided as
follows—yeas 123, nays 81.
So the House determined to reconsider their
vote
Mr. WISE said: Although I have my feelings,
my prejudices, my passions, and my fixed prin-
ciples and deteimmation, as a southern man, en
this subject, yet I hope I can discuss it without
excitement 1 rise not, sir, to throw, as some
otiifrs have thrown, a fire brand amongst us. I
n«e simply to state to my constituents and the
conn'ry at large the true stale of feeling, and of
the dse as it exists here, in the North,and in the
Suuih                                                                             I
I trust I am well assured that the Representa- '
tu es on this fbor from the North do not wish or
uesigito interfere with om rights. That they
merely feel pound in their representative duty to
present these memorials, so dangerous m their ten-
dency and mceiidituy in their character, from
íe^pect to afetb, a very Jew only, comparatively,
of their constituents, and that they do not act from
their own imputes.                                              _      |
S.i, on this delicate and vitally important subject
the moderate, corsidaate, and patriotic men of
the South, is well as of the North, have enemies
to contend with In tne North we haveafewmis-
gmdeu fanatics, whose 7ea! prompts them to íush I
li'indly li to the most absurd extremes, and in the
Suul.'.l ¡f.'.i soir> to say it, there are not wanting
those who bei¿e uponeveiy pietext toinflaire the
piu ic ir.nJ on the subject of slavery. In thisdeli-
ca e -.fiat'on what should ue tne course of the
f km Jt, of the country and our institutions' Why,
sir, the ti lends oí goo 1 orde-, of the Constitution,
and o  tKe evs'ence of mis Re ,uü!ic, in this House
or ou' of it, in the North or in the South, must
u-e 'I en n il .ence to modélate and quench these
s. il is of not!, exnemet, of fanaticism and of dis-
0"~'. iiti n. When memoii ds of the character
of*,l ib no* ack-d to be printed, aie presented, it
is re-"ecul enoigh.I should think, to the memo-
iiahs-. to )«<■!<• thdii; if/iii/iiti/ they wil! beeir-
c ,'tUj t >>ou"l.out the country, to fan tne fiw.es
of the z-m'i ¡> op O' e s.de, and to serve as food for
;>k dp-  <-m.ZMs on the other. We, who would
be <uVdi>.i itcnie in the Ue-smgow enow enjoy,
v., , tl e>ef >re, mii i1 er -hete memoiiais on their
f.i't p " e.iMtion I cm willing, su, to treat all
mem ■ ab, no nutter hou e\ Tua^ant orprcpoi-
teio'is, or of what ch.-racler, wi h iespe<t, pro-
Ml.u ;hci aieuomareipectibieliodyofcitzens,
de. -i.m.s, ami not dangerous 11 theirtendenc.es
Bi ', s,r, ! cannot tolerue, much ¡ess give conse-
qiM   l and e. ha to memoimisami palitmnswhl h
....., utne veiv Mruht ops ct tne social com-
p. i, «i. 1 om ci'vil institutions I wi 1 not hear
them, I d-sire not to see them, and would i«¡ect
the int once W.th whit sort of icspect, 1 put it
to the at- ,'fnian from the we-tein pail of New
York, j Mi Fu i moi.1 ,] could he tren an mceinli-
ary v no shou.d re«peitfullj ask h,m to peirnit
h.m to apolj a torch to hr dce'i.ng- \> ouUI
he le'iid l.un as a sooer minded neighbor oi
, as,, hernia fien1' Sir. I wa «orry to
■it'etnan ot
j New York.     He says that the people of the
North are continually shocked by advertisements
j of slave-dealers in the papers of this District.
i 1 am sorry, sir, that their nerves are so delicate,
i when their fathers did more than any other peo-
I pie of the colonies to establish slavery amongst us.
i And I appeal to southern gentlemen for the truth
| of the remarkable fact that the emigrants from the
| North to the South, some from the gentleman's
j own district, perhaps, are as ready to become
masters as any who are hereditary masters.    To
' strengthen their nerves and change their whole
! principles and opinions on the subject, they have
but to change their climes, their havens.   And if
! they choose to remain at home, they may cease
1 to take these odious papéis.    If slavery was
abolished in the District 1 know not what would
íestrain the press still from publishing advertise-
ments.    And if the papéis here cease to publibh
for runaways and purchasers of slaves, still the
gentlemanf would have to cease taking the papers
,i of the South, or to silence them too.   Sir, slavery
I  is interwoven with our very political existence, is
li guarantied by our Constitution, and its conse-
I  quences must be borne with by our northern
'  brethern as resulting from our system of gov-
ernment; and they cannot attack the institution
|  of slavery without attacking the institutions of the
I country, our safety, and welfare.   The gentleman
says he will ever respect the property of the States,
but he claims to legislate away the property of this
Distiicl.    Sir, a slave is as much propelty here as
m Virginia; property by the law and the Consti-
tution.    And, in addition  to the remark of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. McKimlet,] that
you will not surely take private piopertij without
just compensation—and that you cannot compen-
sate without taking in part of the taxes of the
South to pay for slaves, I will repeat the idea, that,
although you have exclusive jurisdiction over this
" ten miles square," yet it is common ground for J
the good of the whole, and for the use of the whole
people of every State in the Union.   And I would i
ask'of the gentleman, if he can come upon this
ground with Ins carriage andhoises, why cannot '
1 come with my ¿laves to remain here, to live here j
as long as I please'    Sir, I say it not in passion, I
but calmly and dispassionately, that Congress has I
no right to abolish slavery even here, against the j
consent of the slaveholders, who are not repre- i
sented; and I wain gentlemen, that the South—I
speak for ««as strongly as one man can speak for I
many, for millions—that the South will fight to the
hilt against the abolition of slavery in this District, '
unless the inhabitants owning slaves themselves
petuion for it, as they would against any inter-
ference with the right of slave property m Vir-
ginia.                                                           .
The gentleman calls this a great " national ques-
tion." I piotest, sir, against its being so con-
sidered. The nation has nothing to do with slave
property It is smnply a delicate question of prí-
valemdnidiml right, wholly and solely under the
control of the States where slaveiy exists. It is a
usened State nght, with which the General Gov-
ernment has no rghl of interftience even, and from
Ptermeddhng with which the fiee States and their
'      '—  abstain.
The
risen again but for a remark made by his friend
and colleague, [Mr. Wise.] His colleague had
said that he was not for sending a firebrand in the
South; but for this part of his colleague's remarks
he would not have risen to say another word. Mr.
B. said far be it from him to cast, orbethemeana
of casting, a firebrand in the South or the North,
or anywhere. But he had said he would vote to
print merely that the South might know what was
going on. He would put it to his colleague, if
presenting such memorials as this was not, as his
colleague had said, like putting a torch toa man's
bouse, and if a proposition not to print was not
like putting a torch to his colleague's house pri-
vately, and on detection, asking him to keep it a
secret.
Mr. WISE explained, and said he had no allu-
sion to him, and that he was among the last men
he would charge with throwing a firebrand.
Mr. BOULDIN said he wa3 sure of that; but
did not know that every one would be equally so.
Mr. ARCHER then rose and asked leave to
make a suggestion to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would answer to that
suggestion of his colleague immediately. He
wished only to say a word or two.
Mr. B. said far be it from him, and very far
had it been from him, to throw any firebrands, or
make any offensive comparisons between his and
any other part of the Union. But the memorial
did. It alluded to habits, and customs, and legal
rights common to this District, and of the States of
the South, in the most disparaging terms. Mr.
B. had refused, and did then refuse, to make any
compauson of the principles, habits, or laws of
the South and North and East.
He said the South had their infirmities, their
weaknesses, and their misfortunes; and perhaps
the one alluded to was the greatest misfortune to
which the people of the South were liable to.
But had gentlemen no misfortunes, no infirmities,
in the body-politic among them ' Suppose he were
to go into their country, and inquire into every-
thing, and see what they had and could not well
get rid of. But he would not. He had no idea
of being reduced to the necessity of answering
and defending every infirmity and misfortune in-
cident to our nature, or cower under the charge.
Let them that were without, fault cast the first
stone.                                                                  ,
He would, before sitting down, say one thing.
He had seen in the testimony taken before the
House of Commons, in England, proof that a
man end his wife had literally starved for want of
the work to which they were brought up in making
ne ro cotton. He knew that many negroes had
d-ed from exposure to weather for the want of
that negro cotton*—clad in a flimsy fabric, that
will turn neither wind nor water, substituted by
northern and eastern people, who present these
memorials, or from whose region they are pre-
sented, which substitute sold under protecting
duties for the profit of perhaps four pence half-
penny in the yard. So the poor Englishman is
starved, and the poor slave perishes in the cold
foi this profit. It appears, then, that after all
their piteous ditties, sung and said, their philan-
inhabitants  should  ^   fcrr¡ d ¿^     "h      ; does not am0Unt to six and a quarter cents
pseudo-philanthropists of the Is orthdo™aeezi    'a™PJ      k             ,  clothing.    Having said thus
Lei,  own. object,, when _they redely atwrnpt^to    ajjard ^"V^^ h¡| colleag       and ,est
it should be thought by any one that he wished
'11  r,
sunn
ol the ¡emaiks Horn the
touch or handle a sulject which does not imme-
diate'.y concern them, and true Christians and
philanthropists will always find their principles ,
and the cii.se of humamty best subset ved by
bem-* the fnauh rf slaveholder, instead of be ng
the ft.tnds of-law, and by cooperating with mtel-
uwnt, humane, enlightened, and patriotic slave-
owPe.s of the South, by ways and means which
the lHits of the age havealready shown. If vio-
lence^ intiusion upon our rights be peisisted in
and Puisued, eentlemen will fi-id Union men and
rulhhers of the South oil united on the subiect-
i„dy, .i,>* fo. revolution, it the worst must come ^
to the worst'                                                 ,    , „
I hope, sir, that this Kcuse will «"* ***-'e
South mo.e by the piinU.g <•/ '*«: ™™"" '^
the constituent, of the gei.tieman t.-om New lo.k
wcie eve, shocked by .lave adulUseful , and that
u and all others like it, will now, ana for all time
tocóme, be smothered and sunpre
Mr    BOULDIN   said   he
Eseti
'should
have
to throw a firebrand anywhere, he would, at the
sugestión of Ins friend and colleague, [Mr.
Abcheh.1 with a view to get clear of the whole
matter, and lay it on the table, yield to him the
floor to make that motion.
Jir ARCHER said he considered it almost as
indiscreet in gentlemen from the South or slave-
ho'dnig States to discuss this question, as it was
for the Representatives from the North to intro-
duce it He would add nothing to this remark,
but moved to lay the whole sub,ect on the.table
The question was taken on laying the motion
on the table by yeas a.-d nays and decided in
■  eaffiimative—yeas 139, nays fed.
Peüüons and memoiiais weie fo.ther presented
b5\Iessis P. C. TOLLER and WARDWELL,
°f m:IsYBANKS, GALBRA1TH, HARPER,
