256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 17,
Mr. PRES TON" then gave notice that he would
call u up on Tuesday next.
Mr. BENTON then gave notice that before
that period, he would call up his joint resolution
to repeal the other joint resolutions on the subject
of printing.
Mr. Preston's resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the report of the
committee of 1818-19 upon this subject was or-
dered to be reprinted for the use of the Senate.
BRIG ¿KSPATCH.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the brig
Despatch was read the third time and passed.
FOUR YEARS'   LAW.
The bill to repeal the two first sections of the
act of 1820, commonly called the four years' law,
came up on its final passage, when
Mr BUCHANAN rose and spoke at length
against the principies of the bill.
After Mr. B. concluded,
Mr. CLAY TON said he proposed to saya few
fords on the bill before the ¡Senate. He concurred
ith the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] that it was an important consti-
tutional question. But he would not at that time
enter into a discussion whether it was constitu-
tional or unconstitutional, but whether Congress
had the power to regulate executive power or not.
He wished to see nothing of party feeling in the
discussion. He entered upon the debate entirely
destitute of party politics. If it had been his
design to serve party purposes, he should not,
when his friends, were out of office, and his oppo-
nents in power, advocate  bill which was to con-
tinue in office those who now held places of trust
to the exclusion of his own friends.
He wished to go back to the origin of the prin-
ciples setforth in thebill. In 182Gaspecial commit-
tee of the Senate was appointed, consisting of nine
highly intelligent gentlemen, eight of whom con-
curred in the report, and were of the same political
faith as the present Administration. He believed
they were sincere in the principles they advocated,
antl was willing to give them credit for the correct-
ness of their views. But now there seemed to bean
attempt to give a party character to the bill-. lie
did not think it just for its former friends to cast it
in the teeth of those who now advocated it. It
had been well said, by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that it was discussed in 17S9 by those fresh
from the hall where the Constitution was framed.
The most enlightened of those great men discussed
it on the ground that the right ot removal was
contained in that clause of the Constitution which
says the President shall see all the laws executed;
and on that point they rested their opinions. But
the gieat mass who voted in favor of the construc-
tion then given, he believed grounded their opin-
ions on the expediency and necessity of such
powers being vested in the Executive for the
removal of negligent and unfaithful officers. And
that was the only use they expected would be
made of it. If the power of the Executive was
exerted only to remove such officers, there would
be no abuse; but if it was exercised to remove for
party purposes, it was an abuse never appre-
hended by those who gave such a construction to
the Constitution. Mr. C. contended that the
executive power was circumscribed and limited to
particular clauses of the Constitution; that there
was no.power delegated further than was specially
specified, fie thought that Congress had the
power to legislate on the subject, as the Constitu-
tion gave them power to pass laws to carry into
effect its provisions. The only reason be could
assign why the power of removal had remained
so long in the hands of the President, was that
Congress had neglected to legislate on the subject.
He thought the Senator from Pennsylvania was
mistaken in his apprehension of the bill. It was
not intended to take away the removing power
from the President; but merely to require his
reasons for the act. The Senate ought to know
the grounds on which the removal was made. If
the President should tell the Senate it was on
account of political principles, he, in his place as
a Senator, would vote to reject every nomination
made to fill the place ad infinitum. He would ask
whether they were acting for party effect or aa
Senators of the country ? He regretted that there
should be any attempt to mirotfuce the bill as a
party question, and gentlemen be denounced as
party men. He could find nothing in the present
bill impairing the decision of 1789.
Mr. PREsTON said he had intended to have
taken some part m the debate; at least to examine
some of its most important points. But he then
rose to enter his protest against certain principles
that had been advanced by the Senators from New
York and Pennsylvania, [Mr. Weight and Mr.
Buchanan.] In what he had to say, he should
rather offer his opinions than bring forward argu-
ments. He did not intend to go into the report
at that time, but would refer to the remarks of the
gentleman from New York. He agreed that the
source and origin of executive patronage was to
be found in the acts of Congress. But when
executive power became din^erous, it should find
a restraint in the Irgislation of Congiess. The
nature of pov/er (said Mr. P.) was to augment
itself. The rendency of the Government of the
United States was to encroach on suhjeers which
did not properly belong to it; to tread on the rights
of the States. In these encroachments of Con-
gress, lie believed the executive power was in-
creased more than the legislative.
He was willing lo go to the source and origin,
to Congiess.    lie believed that when examined
into it would be found, the vast, extent of execu-
tive ¡lower  had   necessarily giown up from   the
extravagant  legislation  of Congress, and that if
ihey purified its soutce, m the acts of Congress,
executive  ixiwer vnuld  be  diminished.    Could
any one deny that there was danger to be appre-
hended?    Yet the Senator from New York pro-
pounded the questions one by one, analyzing each
item that went to make up that mighty sum of
executive  power.    The genileman asked  what
was to be reared from the pensioners?  Why, they
incieased the number of those who depended on
the legislation of Coiigres?; and they came within
the influence of executive power.    The very ful-
filling of the laws.gave power and influence to the
Executive.    Our institutions were not in danger
from the pensioners, nor from the navy, >>or army ;
but all these increased the power and ¡nffietiee of
i the Executive.    The report of 1826 was made
when  the Senate was opposed to that Adminis-
, tration; and   what  has  been   the   íesnh?    The
, patronage of the Execuuve had  increased, and
was increasing.   Was it, then, considered a party
.question?    Not  by the  committee.    He  had it
from the honorable gentleman who composed that
committee.    They regal(led   us  increase as dan-
gerous  to the forure prosperity of our country.
He was glad to see those who were then m favor
of the measures now proposed, come up again to
then-support,    lie would retort upon the Senator
fiom   New  York   his  own  question.    Was the
; Navy,  the Aimy, the Post OiFice, dangerous at.
that time?    If they weie dangerous then, what
1 were ihey now ?   He did not make these remarks
i as applying partícula!ly to this Administration;
I but as the íesults of past legitJaiion.    The same
: reasons would apply in 1833 as 1826.   He would
put the question to the opposers or the bid.  Why
did they not concur with the recorded opinions of
the party with which  they acted?    For himself,
he would adhere to the great principles which he
; professed, let who would be in power.
Mr. P. said it was with dismay he had heard
I the Senators from the great States avow doctrines
| which heconsidered asiiifinitelydangerous. What
j were their definitions of executive power? We
i were not to look to Russia, to the Sublime Porte,
! to Austria, France, nor Spain, for a definition of
', executive power. We were not to select models
; from the mouldering monarchies and despotisms
of Europe and Asia, by which to fashion and
Í build up our ires institutions. Neither were we
i to look over the catalogues of British royalty to
find patterns for a President in this country. The
: advocates of independent executive power seemed
| to claim it as the " prerogative" of the President.
i But let them remember, that " prerogative" is a
' term of foreign application; we have no such word
I on this side of the Atlantic. Since his first en-
I trance on public life, he had looked with dismay
I on the claims of Congress to pass all laws they
j thought fit. But all claims would be swallowed
j up in executive power. He did not refer to the
I present Executive, but that branch of CJovern-
1 ment as a distinct corporation.
Mr. P. then went on to state that he did not
consider any powers as belonging to Congress or
the President, unless specified in the Constitution.
Otherwise their enumeration was mere verbiage,
and  useless  repetition.     Though   he   respected
highly the framers and expounders of the Consti-
: union, he felt at liberty to judge for himself on this
I great question.    He thought if we take the printed
I report as a specimen of that debate, it must have
j fallen far short of the intelligence of the present day.
Mr.   P.  then showed   that  Congress  bad  by
i former  enactments regulated, in some measure,
í the power of removal, and consequently that right
¡ now contended for was no innovation of the usages
I of this Government.
!     Mr. CUTHBERT here was understood to sug-
: gest an objection to the bill, that its terms were so
general as to apply to all officers.
At Mr. CALHOUN'S request, who observed
that it applied only to disbursing officers, the bill
was again read.
Mr.~CUTHBERT repeated his opinion that it
applied to all officers.
Mr. WRIGHT then occupied a short time in
replying to Mr. Preston; and after some explan-
atory remarks from ¡VIr. Eivinc, who thought Mr.
Buchanan had misconceived his argument upon
the bill,
The Senate, on motion, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 17, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs. GORHAM, ASHLEY, and
HEATH, and appropriately referred.
Mr. CH1NN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to extend the
charter of the Union Bank of Georgetown; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on "the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a resolution setting
apart Saturday next, from twelve o'clock, for the
consideration of bills reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The CHAIR decided the resolution to be out of
order, inasmuch as a proposition of a similar
tenor was rejected by the House yesterday.
Mr. CORVVIN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the Senate making an appropriation for the
repair of the Cumberland road. The bill was com-
mitted.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Jesse Sykes; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. McKlNLEY inquired of the Chair whether
it would be i i order to move to take up the reso-
lution fixing a day for the election of printer to the
House.
The SPEAKER replied that it would require
two-thirds to take up the resolution.
Mr. McKlNLEY said, that being the case, it
would be useless to submit the motion.
Mr. HARPER, of New Yoiit, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, seported a bill for the relief
of William Sranard and others; which was read
twice and committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, &c ,
were made by Messrs. W A RDWELL, THOM-
SON, FOWLER, WISE, BARRINGER, ASH-
LEY, and 'WATMOUGH, from their respective
committees; which were laid on the table.
STATUE  OF JEFFERSON.
The resolution reported by Mr. JARVIS, for
the removal of the bronze statue of Jefferson, from
the Rotundo, came up as the unfinished business
of the morning hour of yesterday.
Mr. McKlNLEY moved to postpone the reso-
lution until to-morrow, with a view of taking up
the resolution fixing a day for the election of
printer to the House, and demanded the yeas and
nays on his motion.
The SPEAKER said it was not competent for
the gentleman to include the latter proposition in
his motion.
j!     Mr. McKlNLEY said he did not so intend.  He
11 merely wished to notify the House, that if the
'' motion which he had made prevailed, be wbuld
