1815.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
This was a'so a new idea in this country Did
the Senator bung back With mm his definition of
executive powei from Russii, wheie lie had seen
the wretched setf toiling three days m ihe week
for lus lordly master'
Mr C went on to show that the power of
removal was not an executive Dower, but rather
a judicial one, as it implied a condemnation He
believed the Constitution pointed out no other way
of remove! than by impeachment. But if ihe
necessity of the case required a way less tedious,
he thought it should be classed as a legislative
p>wei, since the Legislature had the light to cieate
office or abolish it
Mi C then went back fo examine the decision
in 1789 On looking over that debate, Mr C
said, he had found I is opinion changed with re-
gard to some of the great men who acted con-
spicuous pails then
Mr C conrluüed by saying that hehad stated,
in ihe beginning, thftt the power of dismissal oi
suspension was necessary. He only contended
that it ouüht to be regulated by law
When Mr  C concluded,
Mr GRUNDY lose and spoke n opposition
to the bill.
After some time Mr.G yielded the floor to Mr.
MANGUM, on wnose motion,
The Senate adjourned
printing     It could do no injustice, and he would !
vote foi the printing out of lespect to the Leg
latine of Viimont
Mi TURRlLLsam he was disposed to pay all '
due respect to the Legislature of Vermont At '
the  same  time  he tilt greater  íespect foi  this!
of Vermont, if the House refused to print their
11 resolutions     In reply, he would remark, that he
' presumed  no pel son   would   have opposed   the
| motion, if the resolutions had  been  drawn up
in  a decent manner, and weie respectful to the
,                                          „                  ,                -----11 House     But he contended that they contained a
oody. At the last session he had opposed the A direct denui ciation of what had been done by the
printing of the pamc memorials which had been House He denied the right of the Legislature
senthere. lie had done this on acc< unt of the of Vermont to pronouncejudgment on this House,
expense,and because he believed that by printing and then call upon it to record their condem-
and send ng those memcials out, an excitement nation. He read a passage fiom one of theiesolu-
would be created, cred.t destioyed, and many j tions, which cnarged the Piesident wilh having
individuals of laige fortunes would (as the result | acted in derogation of ihe Consulu ion and laws,
proved) be sacrificed and ruined. He was op- '
posed to the piesent motion to print, not merely
beciuse of the expense, but on the giound that
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Wi,DiibbDii| February 18, 1835.
Mi D!CKERSON,on leave, piesented certain
amendments to the bill to prevent evasions of the
revenue laws; which weie ordered to be punted.
Unfavorable reports on iauous petitions were
mide by Messrs FXISHA WHITTLESEY,
B4.NKS, andTURRlLL, fiom their íespective
committees.
On motion of Mr CAVE JOHNSON, fhe
bill supplemen'ary to an ai t passed the 4 h July,
1832, toi the final adjustment of land claims in
the southeastern distnctof Lou's.ana, was recom-
mitted to the Commutee on Private Land Claims,
On motion of Mr  BINNEY, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instrue'ed toirqune into the expedi-
ency of making an appropuation for the íepaír
of Poit M film and the adjacent pier, on the river
Delawaie, foi the purposes of tempoiary defence
Mr EWING piesented certa n lesjlutiors of
the L°gisla'uit. of ihe State of Indiana, which
were laid on the tablJ and ordered to be printed
Mr II. EVERETT presented a report and res-
olutions of the Legis'ature of Vermont, in favoi
of the d trib i ion of tl e pioceeds of ihe sales of
tt'e public lands among the seveim States, in favot
of a natKne! bai k, declaring the couise of ihe
F\«;(utne li remoiipg the deposites fiom the
Bnn't of the Uniied States not wairanted by the
Constitution, in ->oposition to the protest of the
Piesident, &,c , etc
Mr E moved to lay the report and íesolutions
on me table, and that they be punted
On motion, the repoit and íesolutions were
read
The question on printing lying propounded from
the Chan, theie afyeaicd 69 >n ihe affirmative
B'fore these m ihe negative wei° counted, Mr
SLADE demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered
Mr. SLAOE said the resolutions emanated
fiom one of the covereign S'a'es of this Confed-
eracy, ana he thought should be treated at least
with so much respect as to order their printing
He referíed to the importance oí some of the
topics embiacej in the lesolutions, pauiculaily as
regarded 'he publn lands, upon wl ich the House
might shonly be ca'lcd on to act,as a leason why
the ^solutions should be pnn ed.
Mr CAGE s-xid no man repudiated more tl an
he did some of the principles contained ill tne les-
olutions But he submitted whether it was not
gomg too far to refuse to print this document,
coming, as it di I, from the Legislatuie of one of
the States of the Ui ion He hoped that those who
agreed with him in relation to the contents of the
resolutions, would withdraw all object.on to the
the lesolutions icflecied upon the acuon of thi
House It would be reiolleited that aftei a pro-
tracted debate of some months, this House, at
the last session, sustained the Executive in the
course taken in  relation to the removal of the
in the removal of the deposties from the Bank of
the United States. The lesolution was adopted
in November last. This House had pteviously
decided that the Executive,in the measure refeired
to, had not transcended his < onstuuiional priv-
ilege—that he had not acted " in deioga'ion of the
Constitution and laws." He repeated, in con-
elusion, that whatevti others might do, for one
deposites fiom  the Bank of the  United States. I   he would not vote to record the judgment of con
Months after this decision of the House, and after    demnation which  had   been  pionounced against
the adjournment of Congress, the Legislature of || this House by the Legislatuie of Veimont
Vermont passed the lesolutions undei considera           Mi    FOSTER  denied   that the  House  had
tion,oneot which contamsan unjustifiableattack, '   come to any direct decision on the subject of the
removal of the deposites. It had been in vain
attempted to procure a vote of the House as to
the propriety of the i emoval of the public motleys'.
The Committee of Ways and Means had made a
labored report on the sulject, and had come to
the conclusion that the deposres should not be
íestored. This was the only point decided. The
committee knew too well the temper and disposi-
tion of the House to propose a direct vote as to
the propnety of the executive measuie He was
astonished that the gentleman fiom New York
[Mr Beakdsi r v] should now get up and contend
that the House had deuded this question Sup-
pose the Legislatuie of Vermont had expressed
different opinions from those entertained by a
majority of this House, was lhatany reason why
the punting of the resolutions should be refused '
We were almost eveiy day called upon by indi-
viduals to leverse the action of this House, and
every year we were*asked by the State Legisla-
tures to do the same thing Was such a coursa
disrespectful'    Certainly not.
Mr Sü THERLAND wished to know whether
the  Legislatuie of   Vermont had  requested that
the resolutions should be presented to the House
He asked that they be read.
The resolutions were again read.                      ..
[They were not addressed to the House ]
Mr. PAT TON was in favor of the motion to
print There was, he believed, but one prece-
dent, and that was u lecent one, where a proposi-
tion of this character had failed He was not at
liberty to refer particularly to tins precedent; but
it was one which the House ought lo condemn
He appealed to the House to say whether an
instance of the kind could be found, at least from
1798 to the piesent time, where either blanch of
Congress had refused to receive or treat with re-
spect any communication coming from the Legis-
lature of an independent State, legardipg the
public policy and liberty ' He should regard a dif-
ferent decision as portentous He dissented from
each and all of the views contained in the resolu-
tions of the Legislature^ Vermont It was,
however, a matter of no sort of importance what
were the paiticular views of tms Legislature.
They had a right to present them here, and they
were entitled to respect. He trusted, as this was
the first effort which had been made here out of
hundreds and thousands of cases to adopt a course
which he deemed highly improper, that it would
b" piomptly and decidedly condemned by the
se.
not only  upon  the   Executive,  but  upon   this
House
Mr II EVERETT believed this would be the
first instance in which anyoljection had ever been
made to the printing of any thing coming from
the Legislatuie of a State to that House; and he
could not but express his great surpuse at the
giounds of exception taken by the gentleman fiom
New York, [Mi. Turrill ] Ml. E would re-
spectfully ask that gentleman if he was prepared
to say that the Legislatuie of one of the States of
the Union miglu not exptess their opinion on the
acts and proceedings of that House' He begged
to hear the gentleman's reasons foi the ground he
had assumed, before he called upon the House to
adopt it, in refusing what was meiely a mark of
respect, paid to every memonal from every Stale
Legislatuie, whatever might belts character He
hoped the gentleman would either do this, or with-
draw his objection to the motion
Mr CLAY asked foi the leading of the resolu-
tions, which being lead,
Mr C said he hoped all opposition to the print-
ing would be witbdiawn     it was tiue they were
not addressed lo this House, but to the members
from Vermont.    It had been the uniform practice
of the House to punt every such communication,
when presented     The íesohations expressed the i
sentiments of the Legislature of Vermont on par- '
ticular subjects     He dissented from the position |
which was assumed in them, but he hoped that, i
coming as they did from a Sa'te Legislature, the |
opposition to the printing would be withdrawn.
Mr BYNUM wa? soiry that any opposition j
should be made to printing the resolutions There
was no man more opposed th<in himself to the ¡
doctiiiies which they contained It he was ten
times more opposed to these doctrines lhan he
was, he would not deny to the Legislature of
Vermont, or to her members upon this floor, the
puvilege of punting this document.
It was tiue, he believed, that m another quai-
ter, a similar application foi printing resolutions
adop ed by an mdeperdent State, had been re
fused. God foibid (said Mr B ) that this House
should evei exhibit so factious a spnitas to fol-
low a factious example He hoped that opposi-
tion to the pnni.ng would be wuhdiawn, and that
the House would not countenance the course
which had been adopted by another body on a
simibr case
Mr SLADE contended that a refusal to print
the resolutions would be di"=iesreitful to the State     Hon
—                                    .    .    .         i    '     Mr. P. referred to the history of the proceed-
ings at the last session, on the subject of  the re-
moval of the deposites.   He did not know what
of Vermont     The State Legis'atures had as much
right to be heaid  here, in some form, as indi
vfduals     This was the onlyfoim m wh'ch the
Legislatures could oe heaid     The Legislature of
Veimom met in Octohei last    That was the first I
opportunity which had been presented of express
ing then views unon the great questions referred
to in their jesoluliops
Mr  BEARDSLEYsaid it was because the res- ,
olutions weie disiespectful, and for that cause
only, that he object! d to printing them     The gen-
tleman  from Vermont  [Mr   Slade]  contended
that it would be disiespectful to the Legislature I
was then the judgment of the House in regard to
the propriety of the removal. There was no
such proposition presented for the decision of the
House That was a matter of no consequence.
It was admitted by all that the question wai one
of vital importance, and the Legislature of Ver-
mont, as v elras that of every other State, had
the right to express their views upon the subject
Mr. BURGES never expected to hear what he
had heaid this day.  He did not suppose that any
