1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fined his denunciations of these extravagant ex-
penditures to the stump; he had made them in
that [louse, and he should do it again, and upon
every opportunity, when the occasion presented
itself. The country would hold the party attached
to the present Administration responsible for their
profligacy of the public money.
But we have been told that we have been un-
grateful to the navy, in the language of one gen-
tleman, " the right arm of the nation." Let us
make a comparison of their pay with that of the
army. A lieutenant commanding in the navy
got abo\e £1,100 a year; a lieutenant in the army,
taking everything into calculation, got $820, and
a second lieutenant <j7C2, &c. Mr. H. here went
into a statement of the salaries paid to the officers
of different grades ir. both branches, in order to
sustain his proposition, that the naval received
more, in proportion to the number of men he
commanded,than the military officer. A lieutenant
in the navy, he maintained, got as much as a
major in the army, and a captain in the navy got
higher pay than a brigadier general; besides, the
former got ten cents a mile for his travelling ex-
penses. If the latter got more than he had stated,
he made it up by ¡eft hand charges, by transporta-
tion of baggage, quarters, &c; but this would
show that anuses had crept in, and if so, Mr H.,
for one, was prepared to go into the correction of
them.
I.lr. WISE explained that a lieutenant in the
navy acted as a colonel in the army, and a cap-
tain as a general, for they were liable to be called
upon to command more ships than one.
Mr. HARDIN resumed. In general, a full
complement of a first-rate ship did not exceed
seven Hundred and thirty-three men. In the Eng-
lish ships about seven hundred and fifty. Tne
French had taken up a foolish idea—he ought not
to say foolish, but they had adopted the policy
that the more men the better, and their large ships
now usually took upa thousand men. But if you
took all vessels in the United States naval service,
of different szes, from a seventy-four down to the
smallest, they wouid not average more at the out-
side than five hundred men each; nay, in general,
they would not reach four hundred. When a
captain went out with his ship of a complement of
four bundled men, he usually took with him a
lieutenant to about every seventy men. That was
the average Commodore Porter took in his expe-
dition to the Pacific; that was the average of the
old Constitution in the last war. Mr. H. entered
further into this statement, to show that a lieuten-
ant and midshipman did not command more men,
upon an average, than a first and second lieutenant
in the arm v. Upon the subject of gratitude, also,
he would ¿alione fart to the recollection of gentle-
men, thai if a man died an officer in the naval ser-
vice, his widow was pensioned from five years to
five years. lie knew widows of meutorious offi-
cers in the Army who were starving;. One in his
ov.n neighb irhood, whose husband, an officer in
the army, fought at Raism, bagara, and at New
Orleans, was now without a cent in the world,
and he had broughton a letter from her to General
Jackson, statins; "that she was reduced to wantand
betrirary, and trie General promised to do all lie
could for her. lie knew a similar instance of a
major in the army, who died at New Orleans,
whose widow ai'd children *ere also reduced to
want and bejrgai v. Hence it was that he said the
navy got inure than the army. He wished to
God there was a law providing for the widows of
nil tn.i.-e who lost then' lives in the service of their
country. Bit he wotiid again call «lie attention of
the House to the contrast between the pay of the
two memoes. Mr. 11. then read an estimate ot
the diliei cut simi-i paid to the officers and crews of
van ms ships engaged during the late war.
Mr.!), then rek-ired to the addresses of Com-
in.,dore Toiler, Loid Nelson. A.'., to show that
l'rr/.«-nioiiey was the greatest incentive for s.-.ilors
to nirhi well, relating'an ancient anecdote to that
e.T.vt. of n ■soldier, who, having lost his budge!,
na he tailed Ins wealth, on an assault, was the
first to mount the breach, and recovered by the
plunder of the town more than he had lost; on
another occasion, being called on by his com-
mander to do the same, he requested some other
man to lake ¡us place who had lost his budget, for
he possessed one. A gentleman referred to a
captain yesterday who had been twenty-nine years
in the service, but who was not worth $700. Mr.
M. said there were some men whom you could
not make rich. But he would refer to the numer-
ous captains in this city, living in the finest pal-
aces—no, he must not say palaces—in the most
splendid mansions, built by the public money they
had obtained. Ask a commander how much he
made, and he would reply, why, in the last war,
probably about $ 100,000. It was said their
" March ia on the mountain wave,
Their home is on tbe deep."
Their march here was too often from the tavern
to the Capitol, and their home was-------, several
gentlemen around him said, in the galleries of this
House. Mr. H. referred to the officers of the-
army, who were then toiling in the West, and
were not represented there by committees, &c.,
and complained of the proposal for the army
having been rejected by the select committee, and
the navy alone taken up and acted on, [Mr. Wat-
mough explained,] contrary to the just expecta-
tions of all.
In regard to a lavish expenditure of the public
money, the history of the last three hundred years
furnished us with one fact, that it was the natural
tendency of all Governments to increase their
expenses from year to year. Such was the case
with the Governments of Europe; and he was
afraid the Government of the United States would
exhibit the same melancholy picture; that its
expenses will be so increased that at last it will
become too oppressive and too onerous for the
people to bear, and, according to the language of
the other House, reform or revolution .must be the
end of it. It was the lavish waste of the public
money that brought Charles I. of England and
Louis 16th of Prance to the block; and it is one
of the main causes of all the revolutions of empires
that have ever happened. Gentlemen say that the
navy was a popular branch of the public service.
He agreed. But ought that House to legislate for
fashionable attachment? He knew there was a
continued struggle to get expenditures on the sea-
board. He had no wish to impeach the integrity
of gentlemen who were so zealous on the sukject
of fortifications and other works on the sea-board;
but they could not help being acted on by their
feelings. In tbe language of Sir Robert Walpole,
Prime Minister of England, he said they came up
year after year to be shorn like sheep. We (said
Mr H.) come from the interior every year to be
shorn, for your fortifications on the sea-board;
but 1, for one, am not exactly like the sheep, for
although I might be willing to be shorn, I will
make a noise about it. Mr. H. concluded by say-
ing that he had a great many more observations
which he wished to have offered on the present
occasion, but he was unwilling to intrude too far
upon the indulgence afforded to him by the House,
for which he offered his acknowledgments; and he
should probably take some other opportunity of
giving his sentiments at more length to the pub-
lic.
Air. WISE said he was fully aware that it would
be improper for him to detain the House long on
the subject of this bill, as he had perhaps spoken
too much upon.it already. He felt it incumbent
on him, however, to make a brief reply to what
he considered, without intending the least disre-
spect towards that honorable member, to be the
adcaptmtdum remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hardin,] who had just taken his seat.
Were it not for the already well earned reputation
of the gentleman as a debater, he might be led to
the supposition that he was fighting for fame. He
had certainly taken strong ground in opposition
to bills involving public expenditure. When the
bill to compensate Commodore Hull was before
the House, there stood the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to oppose it. When the Alexandria canal
bill was un, there stood the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. When Meade'sclainiwas presented, there
stood the gentleman from Kentucky. And now
on the question of the passage of the bill to regu-
late the pay of the Navy, there still stands the
gentleman from Kentucky. From this indiscrim-
inate opposition to ¡ill money bills, we might be led
to supoose that the gentleman acts more from
habit than from calculation, but alwaysfrom prin-
ciples of sound economy. When the Louisville
and Portland canal bill came up, títere was not to be
found the gentleman from Kentucky. And at the
moment the gentleman was so earnestly contend-
ing ' for economy in navy pay, he eloquently—<f
never heard the gentleman more eloquent than to-
day, though he always delightfully entertains me
—justified the pat/ of the army, when I have on « *
former occasion, and could now, demonstrate the
pay of the army to be nearly double that of th 
navy. But, with the gentleman from Kentucky,
it seemed the army was like the Louisville and
Portland canal—the army clears the way of the
West on their frontiers! Yes, sir, the gentleman
from Kentucky is like all the rest of us, when a
little wool is to be sheared off we are apt to bleat
but if any is to be stuck on our skins, we are
dumbas lambs. But, sir, the West is as much in-
terested in the navy as the sea-board, and no more
sheared than we are, in increasing its pay and
emoluments. ,
Mr. W. said such was the impression which the
course of that gentleman had made upon him,
and he had watched that course with some atten-
tion, though not, he assured him, with a little or
invidious spirit. There was probably another
cause Jor the habit of opposition which the gen-
tleman from Kentupky seemed to have acquired.
He was a long-experienced lawyer, and appeared
sometimes to conceive himself addressing a jury
of unpractised men. Such must have been his
impression when he appealed to the friends of the
present Administration, with a view to arouse
their party predilections in opposition to this bill
as calculated to render that Administration odious.
It was true, the Administration was sometimes
held responsible for expenditures for which it
should not be held accountable; but did the gen-
tleman from Kentucky suppose he could frighten
the friends of this'bill favorable to theAdmimstra-
tion from its support by threatening to accuse
them of improvidence, if this increase of pay be
improvident, in which every party in this House
has its full share? In no sense can this bill be
viewed as a party measure.
Mr. HARDIN here interposed an explanation
relative to a remark of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] relative to his course in rela-
tion to the bill for the benefit of theLouisvilleand
Portland canal. He had already explained to
that gentleman that his own sentiments were in
opposition to that bill, but that he had acted under
instructions from the Legislature of his State.
Mr. WISE said it was true a conversation had
Sccurred, in which he understood the gentleman
to be opposed to that bill; and he now learnt that
he acted, in some measure, from instructions of
his constituents. He had only alluded to it to
show that all have their " budget" to fight for,
and that the gentleman from Kentucky could fight
for his, as well as others.
Mr. W. hoped the House would not, in its ac-
tion upon this bill, take such-views in to considera-
tion. It was merely a question of dollars and
cents, and should not be connected with any party
or extraneous ideas. He would conclude by
adverting to a single remark relative to the for-
tunes of the officers of our navy. He believed
there was not one who received more than suffi-
cient for subsistence—not one now in the service
who now possesses more than he derived from
inheritance or from marriage. It was not in the
naval service that fortunes were acquired. On
the contrary, it was impossible at the present pay
to live as becomes a gentleman belonging to the
American navy. The navy pension fund, too,
had often been alluded to. Not one cent of this
came out of the pockets of the people. So with
prize money. It did not come from the pockets
of the people, but was wrested from their foes.
As was well said by an intelligent lieutenant,
whose letter he had on a former occasion intro-
duced to the attention^ the House, it was hardly
fought for and deaily won. It was taken from
the'enemies of your country, and not from the
people's treasury. What benefit, he asked, ac-
crued to the young officers of the navy from the
prize money so often alluded to as having been
distributed to the commanders during and prior to
the last war. He hoped the House would not
suffer itself to be governed by such considerations.
