THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLÁIR   &   RIVES
23d Congkess, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1835.
Vol. 2.....No, 17.
full amount claimed by this Government from the
French as an extra appropriation for repairing the
navy, and completing the fortifications of the
country, and by hard knocks, make the French
pay the whole expenbe for the trouble of collecting
our just debts in that way.
It will come to that at last, and when we «end
off our gallant seamen to undertake the work, let
those who are now anxiously watching ¡he results
of our deliberations, start with light hearts and
fuller pockets, leaving a better prospect of com-
forts and happiness behind them, and entering I
with increased ardor and renewed spirit into the I
service of a country liberal enough to reward and
honor them; at ¡east, sir, the bill shali have my :
hearty and most ardent support.
Mr. CHILTON here moved the previous ques- ]
tión.                                                                                 ]
Mr. WARD moved a call of the House.
.On this question, Mr. HARDIN called for the j
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and taken;
when there appeared—yeas 101, nays 103.
So the House refused to second the call.
The question was ihen taken on seconding the
previous question; which was decided, by tellers,
in the affirmative—ayes lib, noes 24.
The main question, " e>hall the bill pass?" was
then put and taken by yeas and nays—yeas 117,
nays 1U2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q.. Adams, John Adams,
Heman Allen, Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks,
B.troer,Birm:z. Bates, Bay lies, Beale, Bell, Bumey,
Bodle, Boon, Briggs, Brown, Bull, Burd, Burges,
Cage, Cambreieng, Campbell, Carnnchael, Cham-
bers, William Clark, Clay, Clayton, Coffee,
Cramer, Crane, Crockett, Dailington, Deberry,
Denny, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett, Horace
Everett, Ewing, Ferris, Fillmore, Foster, Fulton,
Gamble, Garland, Gholson, Guiham, Grenuell,
Haiinegan, HazeUiue, Heath, Henderson, How-
ell, Huntington, William Jackson, Eoeotzer Jack-
son, William Cost Johnson, Richard M. Johnson,
Henry Join,son, Sea&orn Jones, Kavanagh, King,
Line, Lay, Lincoln, Love, Loyali, L-tcis, Lytle,
Manning, Marti'.dole, Marshall, John Y. Mason,
MeCumas MiK.ni, M''Kmlev, Mercer, Milli-
gan, Miner, Mimie, Morgan, Murphy, Parker,
Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, Phillips, Pickens, Pmck-
ney, Pope, Potts, Reed, Renrher, William B.
Shenard,' Slude, Sioane, Stiangler, Steele, S-.od-
tlert, Will,am P Taylor, P. Thomas, Trumbull,
Turner, Twenty. Vance, Vanderpoe!, Van llou-
ten, Vinton, Wan;, Watmough, White,Frederick
Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Wilson,
Wise, anil Young —1)8.
NAYS—Me-ssrs. John J. Alien, Chilton Allan,
Will am Allen,BarrniKer,Bean.Beardsley, Beatty,
Ueaiiiiioiv, Bocke?, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Carr,
Casey, Chutiey, Chilton, Ctiiiin, Ciairborn, Sam-
uei Clark, Clowney, Connor, Coulter, Day, D.ck-
ei'son, Dunlsp. Forester, Fowler, Philo C. Fuller,
William K. Fuller, G^braith, Gillet, Gilmer,
G Tilon, Giaram, Grayson, Grilla, Joseph Hall,
Thomas H. Hall, Hnlsey, Hairier, Hard, Hardin,
Harper, Uamxon, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Hiesier, tiubbaid, Inge, Janes, Jarvis, Noadmh
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kil-
gore, Kinnartl, Lansing, Laporte, Lea, Lee,
Lewis, Lyon, Abijan Mann, Joel K Mann, Mar-
dis, Moses Mason, M iy, Mclntire, McKay,
McLene, MoVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell, Rob-
ert Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Osgood, Paare, Parks,
Patterson, Franklin Pierce, Pterson, Plummer,
Polk, Ramsay, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck,
Augustine H. Shepperd,Shimi, Smith, Standifer,
Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thomson, Turrill, Wngencr, Ward well, Web-
ster, Wh.illon.and Williams—102.
So the bill was passed.
0. 1!. DIBBLE.
The joint resolution relative to the settlement of
the accounts of O   H. Dibble was next taken up,
17
and,on motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
postponed till Friday next.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House then took up the motion submitted
some days since by Mr. Plummbr, to recon-
sider the vote on the amendment offered by Mr.
Binnet to the bill regulating the deposite of the
public moneys of the United States in certain local
banks.
Mr. POLK addressed the House, and pro-
pounded some inquiries to Mr. Binney, in rela-
tion to the nature and intention ol Ins amend-
ment.
Mr. BINNEY replied. He added that he had
no special objection to the reconsideration-, for he
believed he couitl convince the House of the pro-
priety of his amendment.
Mr. POLK resumed his remarks, but finally
gave way to a motion for adjournment,
do motion of Mr. MANN, of New York,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 19, 1833-
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the Treasury Department, transmuting
a statement of the contracts authorized, arid pay-
ments made by that department for the year
1S34.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported the House bill granting a pension
to Simeon Meachum, without amendment.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, repotted the House bills granting pensions
to Peter Doxtator and Jacob Weaver, without
amendment; and intimated that when the bids
should be called up, be would move for their
indefinite postponement.
Mr. TOMLtNSON, from the same committee,
leported the Houte huh granting pensions to
Samuel M. Asberry and Francis St. Coir, without
amendment;and with the expression ot an opinion
by the committee against the passage of the last
named bill.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. BUCHANAN, on leave given,—previous
notice having been dispensed with,—introduced a
bill further to suspend the operation of certain
provisions of '* An act to alte1- and amend the sev-
eral acts imposing duties on imports, approved
14 h July, 1834," which was read twice by unan-
imous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
WALTER LOOMIS AND  ABEL GAT.
On motion of Mr. TOMLIN^ON. the Senate
considered, as m Committee of the Whole, the
bill for the íelief of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay;
when it was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were considered and adopted:
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause a survey to be made of a road from the
Maumee bay through the -northern counties of
Indiana, to or near'the rapids of Illinois river,
and thence to the Mississippi river, to some point
between Rock Island and Q,u:ncy.
Bv Mr. KENT:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit to the Senate any inform-
ation he may possess in relation to the obstruc-
tions in the navigation of the Potomac between
Washington and Georgetown, in this District.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The follo,wimr bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice and referred:
A bill to increase the'pay of the navy of the
United States;
A supplement to the act authorizing an exten-
sion of the lateral bralich of the Baltimore and
I Ohio railroad within the District of Columbia; and
I     A bill to allow additional compensation to the
; district attorney of the United States, for the dis-
trict of South Carolina.
OFFENCES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate con-
sidered, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill
amendatory of the act fur the punishment of
offences against the Unitid States.
Mr. CLAYTO N'j-ose bnefly to explain the pro-
visions of the bill. lie said the object of the
Judicial y Committee in reporting it, was to define
and punish the revolt of crews ot American ships.
The act of 1820 makes revolt a crime punishable
with death, but does not define the offence. The
courts have given it a construction about which, it
is true, theie is now no doubt-, but it was thought
better by the committee to give it a definition by
statute.     There is another feature of the- bill__it
changes the punishment. In practice, criminals
of this description often escape punishment alto-
gether, owing to the excessive severity now im-
posed upon the offence. It was therefore thought
best by the committee to define it and attach such
severe punishment to it as would effectually sup-
press it.
Mr. CLAYTON then moved to amend the bill
by sulking outthiee years' confinement at hard
labor, at me disci etton of the court, as the maxi-
mum of punishment for revolt, and inserting ten
years in lieu thereof-, which was agreed to. *
On motion of Mr. CLAY ION, the bill was
further amended by striking out one year arid
inserting live years' imprisonment as the extremity
of puiiisuineiit for inciting to revolt.
O.i his motion the bill was further amended by
increasing il.e nifixiinuiu of punishment from one
to five yeais' imprisonment against captains,
mates, &c, for cruel be"atmg of seamen.
'. After some further explanation of the legal pro-
visions of the bill, it was repoited to the tíenaie,
and the atnendmerts were concurred in.
I Mr. SHEPLEY then moved to strike out the
words in the bill which authorized, punishment to
be extei-ded 'o veglecl of duly
Mr. CL \YroN opposed the motion, on the
ground that it was only designed to apply to con-
spiracies by the crew 10 neglect their duties, su as
to endanger she saíety oí Ihe ship and crew.
The motion was disagreed to, and the bill was
then ordered to be engiossed for a third reading.
CHARLES J. CATLETT.
On motion of Mr. N AUDAIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider,as m Comrrittee of the Whole,
the bill for the itiief of Charles J. Catlett.
[This bill provides payment for a large quantity
of tobacco, together wnh a building in which a
portion of it was stored, at Magruikr's Ferry
warehouse, Nottingham warehouse, and Cedar
Point warehouse, on the Chesapeake Bay, which
was destroyed by the British troops, during the
last war.]
The merits of the bill weie discussed r-t some
length bv Messrs. NAUDAIN, CELL, and
SHEPLEY, who contended that the case did not
come within the piin<-tple which had heretofoie
governed Congie-a in making compensation tor
private property destroyejl by the enemy in lime
of war.
The opposite eronnd was taken by Messrs
TYLER, POINDEXrKK, KING, of Alabama,
and FREL1NGHUYSEN.
The auesttoit btHuron the engrossment of the
bill, Mr! SHEPLEY asked for the yeas and nays-,
which were ordeied, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bibb, Clay.Cuthbet-t. Ewir.g,
Goldsboreusli, Grundy, Kane, Kent, King of
Alabama, Linn, McLean,Mangum, Moore,Poin-
