276                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         February 21,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Februmy 21, 1835.
The ViCE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, made in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate, transmitting the information called for
relative to obstructions in the Potomac river, be-
tween Washington and Georgetown
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting the information called toi by a
lesoluuon of the Senate, relative to a survey at the
mouth of St Joseph's nver.
NON-INTERCOURSE WITH PRANCE.
Mr. SILSBEE presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Beverly, Massachusetts,
praying the passage of a non-mtercouise law with
Ft anee.
After some remarks from Messrs. S1LSBEE,
CALHOUN, KING of Alabama, BROWN,
GOLDSBOROÜGH, POINDLXTER, LEIGH,
HEN TON, WEBSTER, and BUCHANAN, the
memorial was laid on the table, and ordered to be
punted.
FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The bill to repeal the two first sections of the
act limiting the term of tertain office!s, commonly
tailed the toui year law, came up on us final pas-
sage, when ¡Vlr. EVViNG demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and the bill was passed
—yeas 31, nays 16, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benton, Bibb, Blade,
Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Fielmghuysen,
Goldsboiough, Kent, King of Georgia, Leigh,
McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudam, Poindextei,
Porter, Prentiss, Pieston, Robbms, Silabee, Smith,
Soutbaid, Swift, Tomhnson, Tylei, Waggaman,
Webster, White—31
NAYS—Messrs Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Hendricks, lid!, Kane, King of Alabama, Knight,
Linn, Morris, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tall-
madge, Tipton, Wnght—16                                   
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were also read a third time
and pasted:
fhe bill further to suspend the operation of
certain piovisos of the "Act to alter and amend
the several acts imposing duties on impoits,"
parsed in July, 1332
The bill for the ielief of David Beard,
The supplement to the act gianting a township
of land to certain exiles fiom Polind;
The bill foi the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay, and
The bill for the definmon and punibhment of
offences against the United Suites
REPORTS I ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEDsTEK, from the Committee on Fi-
nalice, made an unfavoiable repoiton the petition
of Matthias Brnmen.
Mr ¡SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Afíai-s, leported the bill fiom the House
l emulating the pay of the office.s of the navy of
the United SU'es
Mi TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, leported the bill fiom the Housegrant-
ing a pension to Joseph Gilbeit
Also, the bid giantmg a pension to John Gero-
delle.
A'oO, the bill granting a pension to Luke Voo-
h s.p, wiih an ilium itui) that he should, when it
rami up belore iht Senate, move foi Its indefinite
postponement
AIjo, a bill granting a pension to Col Gideon
Moigan, with an amendment
Al o, a bill to increace the pension of Ongen
Eaton, with an amendment
Mr PRENTISS, from the same coram t ee,
repotted a bill for the ielief of J >hn Ashton. Also,
ix bill foi the relief of Thomas Morton.
Mr. IIOBBINS, fiom the Committee on the
Library, reported a lesolution requiring the Sec-
letary of State to cause to be compiled and prilled
a list of the officeis of Government
BRANCHES Oí IHE UM1TD STATES MINT.
On motion of Mr WAGGAMAN, the Senate
resumed, as m Committee of the Whole, the bill
to establish branches of the mmt of the United
States
After some remarks from Mr. Brown,
Mr. CLAY reiteiated his opposition to the bill,
fend contended that the mint at Philadelphia was
fully competent to do all the coinage which the
country lequned He denied the correctness of
the argument that the mint at New Orleans was
necessary to pi event the transportat'on of the
bulliop to Philadelphia It would find its way to
the great commercial marts of the counti / at all
events, whether coined or not—he considered it,
therefore, unwise and injudicious to establish these
blanches. He supposed it wouldgratifythepnde
of the Spates of Noith Carolina and Geoigia, to
have them there wheie they might conveniently
go and get out the precious metals, but when the
objections to the measure were so strong, he could
not consent to yield his opposition to it.
Mr C. moved the indefinite postponement of
the bill, and asked the yeas and nays upon the
motion, which were ordeied
Mi MANGUM regretted that the gentleman
had not all the information which was necessary
to enable him to understand this subject, if he had,
Mr. M. thoughthe would not oppose the bill He
thought the necessity to multiply the numbei of
American coins was manifest, and the actual loss
of tianspoiting the bullion and foreign coins to
Philadelphia foi coinage was about three and
three quaiteis pel cenl , a loss which must retard
the increase of the coinage With respect to grati
fymg the pride of the southern Slates, he would
tell the gentleman they had none to gratify The
actual loss in thegoid region of Geoigia and North
Carolina far exceeds the expense of all the neces
sary bu.ldmgs for these establishments He saw
no evil in the multiplication of these mints It
was well said by the gentleman from Missouti,
when the bill was up hefoie, thatm thecommenta-
nes upon the Constitution it was understood that
blanches of the mint might be multiplied He
was willing to establish branches wherevei the
natii'al advantages of the country lequned it.
Mr. PREL1NGIIUYSEN thought the object
of having a mint was mistaken, when he heard
gentlemen say that there weie great quantities of
gold in the southern quarter of the country, and
asked the Government to establish mints th refoi
their accommodation The mint was established
for the accommodation of the Governme.it, and he
thought the present one sufficient Why put an
additional burden on the Government because the
people in that section have been so foi túnate as to
find gold in abundance' The plain answei is, if
you have found gold, you ought to be the last to
ask the aid of the Government in transpouing it
to Philadelphia The manufactuiei asks no aid
in transpottmg his produc'ions to maiket, and
how is the case of the gold diggei any strongei ?
pie wished gentlemen to answei this objection*     I
Mi   BROWN said the genileman fiom New
Jersey asked why we app'y to Congiess to relieve
j   us fiom the burthen of transpoi ting oui bullion to
be coined, when the munuiuctuieis of the North
did not ask to be paid for transpoi ting their mate *
na!    Mi   ÍJ  said it was true they have notapphed
for this assistance, but they have applied for that j
which is much more substantial—protection    The i
people of tne South ask no protection—they rely
on their own exertions—they ask huta simpleact (
of justice, which is extended to other parts of the I
Union—they ask for their lights, under the regu-
lation of Congress—the light to coin money   But
the gentleman fiom Kentucky sa} s that thcien
no expense imposed upon the South by way of
ttansporting then bullion, that the burthen would
be the same as if it was coined there     TheremaiK
of the genl'eman  is founded in misnlte     What
are the facts'   Can ihe bullion of North Carolina
be circulated as a cticuiating  medium''   We all
know it cannot be done, and its value, therefore,
must  be necessauly cuitailed,  and   it  must  be
transported  at great nsk, trouble, and expense.
The annual loss sustained by thecitizens of North '
Caiohna fiom these causes amounts  to a  sum
which is veiy serious to them      But they suffer a
much giea ei   logs   than the  returns of the mint
disclose     Much of 'hen  gold  is sent to South
Carolina and Georgia, and fiom thence it is sent i
to the mint as Georgia and South Caiolma gold, j
v.hen in fact it is North Carolina gold    Another
reason foi the passage of the law, and one which ,
he hoped would not be less regaided by the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, was that
the measure would be auxiliary to the restoration
of the metallic cuirency of the United States, and
contribute to bring the Government ba<k to that
currency which was contemplated by the Consti-
tution
A protracted and discur&ivedebate then ensued,
in v. hi h Messrs. FRCLINGHUYSEN, MAN-
GUM, CALHOUN, BENTON, PORTER,
WEBSTER, GOLDSBOROÜGH, CLAY, and
EWING paiticipated, when the principles of the
gold bid of last session were fully gone into.
The question to postpone was determined in
the negative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messis Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Ewmg,
Frelmghuysen, Goldsboiough, Hill, Knight, Mc
Kean, Naudam, Prentiss, Robbms, Smith, South-
ard, Swift, Tipton—16
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoji,, Cuthbeit, Hendricks, Kane, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Man-
gum, Moore, Morns, Poindextei, Porter, Preston,
Robinson, Shepley, Silsbee, Tallmadge, Tyler,
Waggaman, Webster, White, Wright—27.
Mr. CLAY made some further lemarks in op-
position to the bill, and, with a view to test the
opinion of the Senate, he moved its recommitment
to the Committee on Finance, with instiuctionsto
amend the bill so as to authon¿e the establishment
of one bianch only, upon which motion he asked
the yeas and nays, which were ordeied
After some fuitherremaiks fiom Messis POIN-
DEXTER, WAGGAMAN, CLAY, and CAL-
HOUN, thequesaon was determined in the nega-
tive by the fallowing vote:
YEAS—Messis Bell, Biack, Buchanan, Clay,
Ewmg, Fielmghuysen, Golusboiough, Hill,
Knight, McKean, Naudam, Pie'itiss, Bobbins,
Smith, Southaid, Swift, Tipton, Tomhnson—18.
NAYS—Messis Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Hendrn ks, Kane, Kn g of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum,
Mooie, Poindextei, Portei, Pieston, Robinson,
R-uggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tyler, Waggaman,
White, Wright—24
Mr. CLAY then moved to postpone the bill till
Monday next; and on that motion he asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and the ques-
tion wasdeteimmed m the negative—yeas 20, nays
22, as follows
YEAS—Messis Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Ewing,
Fielmghuysen, Goldsboiough, Hill, Knight, Mc-
Kean, Moce, Naudun, Poindextei, Pien'iss,
Robbms, Shepley, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tip
ton, Tomhnson—20
NAVS—Messis Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, CuJibeit, Ilendncks, Kane, King of Al-
abama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Lmn, Mangum,
Porter, Preston, Robinson, Rufgles, Tallmadge,
Tyler, Waggaman, White, Wright—22
Mi CLAY then moved anothei section, aa an
amendment to the bill, au honzing the establish-
ment of a branch of the mint at Louisville, Ken-
tucky
Mi C made some remarks in support of the
amendment, and Mr MANGUM, Mr BIBB,
and Mr  WAGGAMAN, opposed it
The motion was disagreed to without a divis-
ion
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole, Ml.
CLAY moved further to ammd the bill by redu-
cing thesalai j of the superintendent of ihe branch
at New Orleans, fiom $,3,000 to $2,000 pei an-
num, and upon that motion demanded ihe yens
and nays, which were oidered,and areas follows:
YEAS—Messis Bucharan, Clay, Ewiog,
Goldsborough, Ilendncks, IIill, McKean, Moore,
Morris, Naudain, Pientiss, Robbms, Shepley,
Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton, Tomhnson,
Webster—19
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Kane, King of Alabama, King
of Geoigia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Pomdexter,
Poiter, Pieston, Robbins, Ruggies, Tallmadge
Tyler, Waggaman, Wbi.e, Wright—22
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mi CLAY then moved a further amendment to
reduce the salary to $2 500 per annum, and upon
that motion demanded the yeas and nays, which
were oidered and aie as follows:
