2? 8
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Dibble, for materials, &c , furn shed for the elec-
tion of a bridge acioss ihe Potomac, and repoit
the slate of the same to Congress at its next ses-
sion, wa3 taken up
After a few remarks from Messrs. MERCER
and BANKS, the motion to reconsider was agreed
to
Mr BANKS, instructed by the Committee of
Claims, and by unanimous consent, submitted an
amendment to the resolution; which was agreed
to
The question recurring on the passage of the
joint resolution, as amended, a desultory debate
of considerable length ensued, in which Messrs
MERCER, BANKS.ANTHONY.FILLMORE,
and MINER participated.
Mr ANTHONY moved to recommit the reso
lution to the Committee of Claims
Mr H1LAND HALL moved the previous
question, which was seconded—ayes 80, noes 40
The House then determined that the mam ques-
tion should be put.
The mam question being, " Shall the joint res-
olution pass?" it was decided in the affiimative—
yeas 98, nays 75.
SENATE BILLS.
A bill from the Senate, granting to the borough
of Mackinaw certain grounds for public purposes,
was read the thud time and passed.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of the owners of the brig
Despatch and cargo;
A bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and Abel
Gay,
A bill for the relief of David Beard;
A bill supplementary to the act granting lands
to certain exiles from Poland, and
A bill amendatory of the act for the punishment
of certain offences against the United States.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
A bill from the Senate to repeal the fiist and
second sections of the " Act to limit the term of
office of certain officers therein named, and for
other purposes," approved May 1st, 1820, was
read twice.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the bill be committed
to a seltct committee
Mr. FOSTER moved that it be postponed to
Wednesday next, and made the special Older fur
that day
Mr HUBBARD moved to commit the bill toa
Committee of thp Whole on thestateof the Union,
and that it be punted
Mr FOSTER said if the latter motion prevailed
it would be equivalent to sending the bill to the
tomb of the Capulets. He demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion, which were ordeied
Mr HUBBARD referred to the number of
appropriation and other important bills which
were necessaiy to be acted on lie did not object
to the postponement of the bill as proposed; but
he was opposed to making it a special order.
Mr ARCHER withdrew his motion to commit
to a select committee.
The SPEAKER infoimed the House that there
were various special oiders upon the Calendar,
which would hove piecedence, and that the pres-
ent bill could not be reached, if made the special
order for a paiticular day, unless the House by a
vote of two-thirds postponed all the previous
special orders.
Mr E EVERETT inquired of the Chair if
the bill was of a character which requued its
commitment5
The SPEAKER replied that as the bill made no
appropriation of money, its commitment was not
required by the rules of the House.
Mr HUBBARD withdrew his motion to com-
mit
The motion of Mr FOSTER was then agreed
to.                                                                                   ,
DUTIES. ON I 1PORTS.
A bill from the Senate to suspend the operation |
of portions of the tenth and twelfth clauses of the
seventh section of the act supplementary to the i
acts imposing duties on imports, of July, 1832,'
wan read twice and committed                                  I
LETTER FROM SECRETARY OP TREASURY.
1 he SPEAKER laid befoi% the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, communi-
cating a list of balances on the books of the
Treasury against collectors, &c ; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
WESTERN TERRITORY.
The House then resumed the consideiation of
the bill to provide for the establishment of the
Western Territory, and for the security and pro-
tection of emigrant and other Indian tribes therein.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Gilmer to amend the second section of the
bill, by inserting the words "lands within," so
as to read " lands within said Territory."
Mr. SEABORN JONES, who was entitled to
the floor, said the piovisions of the bill had been
sufficiently explained by the gentlemen from Ver-
mont and Georgia, [Mr Horace Everett and
Mr. Gilmer ] Mr J. wished, however, to make
a few remarks in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. J. Q, Adams ] That gen-
tleman had objected to this bill because it pro-
vided for the employment of a militaiy force, he
(Mr. J ) could not avoid expressing his surprise
at the objection from that quarter, when all must
recollect but too well the employment of military
force in Geoigia, to depiive a State of her just
rights. Mr J entered into a full defence of the
course that had been adopted and puisued by the
State of Geoigia, arising out of the. engagement
entered into by the Government of the United
States to extinguish the titles to the Indian lands
within her limits. Why had not the United
States effected this sooner when they had done it
in othei parts of the country? Because, by extin-
guishing the tules to Indian lands withm the ter-
ritorial limits of other States the lands became the
property of the United States, but the United
States deriving no bent fit from the lands in
Georgia, had delayed carrying the compact into
effect He maintained that the whole blame rested
on the United States for not putting an end to the
question in Geoigia, as she was bound to do, by
fulfilling the obligations to which they were
pledged under the treaty of 1802 Every appli-
cation made by Georgia, every memorial, every
remonstrance, received but the monosyllabic an-
swer—No. When Georgia found the Cherokees
about to eiect themselves into an independent
government, she then extended her jurisdiction
over those Indians Was Geoigia (said Mr. J )
to peimit an impenum m imperio within her own
limits? Could she permit this with peace and
tranquillity to herself? Ought a sovereign State
to peimit it? She could not. What did she do ?
She remonstrated with the General Government,
who paid no attention to her complaints; and
Georgia was, consequently, driven to the expedi-
ency of surveying the Cherokee country, and
enforcing obedience to her laws This bill was
the measure that would effect what was desired
in that respect; and if gentlemen were sincere in
their professions itf philanthropy, he called upon
them to sustain it by their votes Mi J con-
cluded by announcing his intention of offering
sundry amendments to the bill as soon as the
House had passed upon the others under consid-
eration.
Mr. ASHLEY was opposed to the general
principles of the bill, and said, at the proper time
he should also piopose some amendments. His
principal objection was, that it was contrary to
the spirit of the laws made by the Indians them-
selves There was scarce an instance in which
laws were made for them by us with which they
were not dissatisfied The only way, in his
opinion, to civilize the Indians, was to surround
them with civilization He was in favor of giving
a certain portion of land to each, limiting them to
a certain territory, and leaving them to make their
own laws and regulations He was quite sure
that the Governor would become a despot, at least
in the opinion of the Indians themselves. He put
the case of murder. If an Indian were to be
executed by the order of the Governor, under our
laws, it would excite general dissatisfaction among
them, but if left to themselves, they would do
justice with alacrity.
One great object of the bill was to relieve the
State of Georgia of the Cherokees; but that very
1 act would burden the Territory of Arkansas and
1 the borders of othei States to the same extent.
The amendment was agreed to without a divis-
ion
Mr GILMER then moved to strike out thefol
lowing from the second section of the bill. " Ai d
that the right of such Indians or tubes shall be
lmpaned by their being at any time formed into a
terntoiy "
Mr. FILLMORE then submitted theamendment
which he had attempted to introduce yesterday,
applicable to the Indian tribes in the State of New
Yoik It was to insert after the word ti ibes " and
Indians "
Mr. HORACE EVERETT thought the amend-
ment unnecessaiy   It was, howevei, agieed to.
Mr BATES then moved to stuke out part ot
the same section, pledging the faith of the United
States     Agreed to—ayes 81
The question then recurred on Mr. Adams's
amendment to strike out the'second section of the
bill.    Negatived.
Mr ADAMS then waived for the present his
intended motion to strike out the third section.
Mr GILMER proposed a modification of the
same, relating to the appointment of the governor
by the President of the United States, over the
Cherokee, Choctaw, and Creek tribes of Indians.
Mr. VINTON said it was a very important,
and exceedingly imperfect bill, in some of its
details; he would suggest that a fuithertime be
given for perfecting it before a motion should be
made for the previous question, which he under-
stood to be the intention of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] as soon as the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Afiairs should
be acted on.
Mr JONES disclaimed such an intention
Mi. VINTON said he had some important
amendments to offer, which he hoped would be
permitted to be heard and incorporated in the bill.
The amendment of Mr. GILMER was then
adopted.
Several other amendments, of a verbal charac-
ter, were then agreed to.
Mr. VINTON then proposed to introduce an
amendment, extending the right of sitting in
council to all the individuals in the community.
He objected, too, that there was no provision in
the bill setting foith whether their pioceedings
should be by quorum, or that the votes should
be by a majority or a minority, noi was there one
for framing a code of laws; nor was the council
compelled to keep a journal of its proceedings.
These points required to be corrected, and he
should submit several amendments touching these
subjects
Mr. V. then moved his first amendment, pro-
viding that the existing chiefs or other Indians,
holding or cultivating the soil, or engaged in the
occupations of civilized life, should be eligible for
members of the council for two years.
Mr. H. EVERETT moved to stake out that
part of the amendment, " engaged in the occupa-
tions of civilized life."
Mr. ASHLEY said he was opposed to the
amendment, as inapplicable to the condition of the
Indians. He would leave the whole subject to
the Indians themselves, who always selected their
most intelligent men.
Mi. H. EVERETT thought the word chiefs
had better be omitted.
Mr. VINTON said if the object of the bill was
not to civilize the Indian, then the amendment to
his amendment ought to prevail, and not other-
wise If gentlemen would say such was not their
object, he would better understand them.
Mr. EVERETT, of Veimont, explained.
Mr. SEVIER gave an explanation of the man-
ner of the Indians with regard to the cultivation
of the soil. It was almost invariably m common,
and not confined to a few. He hoped theamend-
ment would be adopted.
Mr. GILMER was in favor of the section as it
stood, and any additions thought necessary might
be made to it.
After some further conversation between
Messrs VINTON, H. EVERETT, GILMER,
and SEVIER, the amendmentof Mr EVERETT
was agreed to—ayes 86, noes not counted
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Vinton,
