282____________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        February 23
passed 30th June, 1834, entitled " An act for the
relief of Benedict Alvord and Robert Brush."
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of providing by law for the payment of the
claim of Henry Hoffmon for military services in
the war of the Revolution.
Mr. GAMBLE submitted the following resolu-
tion, by consent; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of the
report made to him by the engineer employed the
last summer in the examination of certain routes,
for railroads from the Atlantic to' the Mississippi
and its waters.
On motion of Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensiods be instructed to inquire into the propri-
ety of directing payment to be made to the heirs
of Levi Todd, of the amount of half pay claimed
by them to be due on account of the services of
said Levi Todd, as a lieutenant in the Virginia
regiment commanded by Colonel George Rogers
Clark, in the revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
removing the land office from Cincinnati to Green-
ville, Ohio.
' On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the erection of
barracks at Donaldson ville, in the State of Louis-
iana, for the accommodation of the troops of the
United States to be stationed at that place.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to remove the obstructions to the
navigation of vessels in the rivers Amite, Teche,
Chipahaw, and W est Pearl, in the State of Lou-
isiana.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this-House, at its next ses-
sion, the number of Spanish claims to land in
Florida now depending in the courts of that Ter-
ritory, under the act of Congress of 1828, the
amount of land claimed, the nature of the claim,
and by whom granted, with a schedule of those
made by the same officers, and for the same
objects, of those, confirmed by the Supreme Court
of the United States, and whether the lands cov-
ered by the titles are reserved from survey, or
sufficiently designated to be laid down on the
township plats.
Mr. MANN, of New York, by consent, offered
the following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, fhat the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to the next Congress, at the
commencement of their first session, a statement
showing the state and condition of the ordnance
and ordnance stores, under the control of the ord-
nance department; the number and kind of arms
nnd accoutrements and heavy ordnance on hand,
specifying the number and kinds fit for service;
the amount of money expended in each year at
the respective armories and arsenals, and the
general objects of such expenditure since their
establishment; the average cost of each kind of
ordnance and small-arms and accoutrements in
each year, showing the aggregate expense of
buildings, implements, and machinery, devoted to
the manufacture of arms at each armory; the
number of officers and workmen employed at the
respective armories and arsenals in each year, and
the number and kinds of arms produced; the ag-
gregate cost of the whole, and the average cost of
each description manufactured; and showing sep-
arately the expenditure for each year of buildings,
machinery, implements, workmen, and their num-
ber, in each year devoted to the manufacture of
Hall's patent rifles; the number annually pro-
duced, and the place where manufactured; the
average cost of each, including buildings, ma-
chinery, and all charges, and the number now
belonging to the United States.
Mr. HANNEGAN, on leave, presented the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate, No. 54,
being an act to improve the navigation of the river
Wabash, be made the special order of the day for
Thursday next, the 26th instant.
Mr. HANNEGAN remarked, on introducing
this resolution, that his object in asking the House
to make this bill the special order of the day for a
day certain, was the perfection of the bill itself so
as to ensure its success, should the House feel
inclined, as he hoped it did, to pass the bill. As
the matter now stood it was imperfect, and he
wished, before the measure was finally acted on,
to propose an amendment, by inserting a provision
for a port of entry—a provision necessary to the
final success of the object contemplated by the
bill. He -did not wish to excite debate at this
time, but when the bill came up, he would so
move to amend it, and an opportunity would then
be given for any discussion that might be con-
sidered necessary. Should the House adopt the
resolution, he would, on Thursday morning,
move a suspension of all the previous special
orders, for the purpose of considering this bill.
Mr. McCARTY was in favor of the resolution.
The bill was one of the utmost importance to a
large portion of the citizens of Indiana.
Mr. MERCER suggested that the resolution be
modified by addin? after the word " Wabash,"
" and such other bills as relate to roads and canals
and surveys thereon."
Mr. HANNEGAN accepted the modification;
when, after a short explanatory conversation
between Messrs. HANNEGAN, MERCER,
EVANS, McKENNAN.and SUTHERLAND,
the resolution was rejected.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported, without amendment, a bill
making an appropriation for holding a treaty
with the Camanche tribe of Indians; which was
committed.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into committee upon
several appropriation bills which he named.
Various other bills were named by different
individuals, which they desired to include in the
motion.
Mr. HUBBARD varied his motion so as to sus-
pend the rule generally, for the purpose of going
into committee, without designating any particular
bill or bills; which was agreed to—yeas 120, nays
38-                                                                   *
The House then, on motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. McKennan in
the chair.)
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the committee
took up bill No. 648, making additional appro-
priation for the Delaware breakwater, for certain
harbors, and removing obstructions in and at the
mouths of certain rivers, for the year 1835.
The bill was read through by the Cleik.
Mr. HUBBARD proposed an additional appro-
priation for the pier or breakwater in Dunkirk
harbor, New York, §9,570 l(i; and also a further
appropriation for filling up three hundred and fifty
yards with stone of the outer pier on the said
breakwater.
Agreed to.
Mr. II. also proposed a proviso to the bill,
giving the direction of these expenditures to the
War Department, &c.
Agreed to.
Mr. VINTON then proposed an appropriation
of $50,000 for the improvement of the Ohio river,
between Pittsburg and the falls, to be expended
under the direction of the War Department, and
explained the necessity that called for the appro-
priation, for the removal of certain bars on the
river which obstructed its navigation.
Mr. HA WES opposed the amendment as alto-
gether unnecessary. He was convinced that as
soon as one bar was removed the same causes
which had made it would make it in some other
part of the river, and in this way they might go on
and expend the whole treasury of the country,
and then effect no good.
Mr. HUBBARD said the committee had had
the   matter   under   consideration,  and   had  not
deemed it necessary to report in its favor.
Mr. DENNY was in favor of the amendment,
and denied that if one bar was removed another
Would take place; at least it would not generally
be the case. He hoped the Committee of th"
Whole House would not reject the appropriation
because the Committee of Ways and Means had
not entertained it.
Mr. CHAMBERS said this was an appropria-
tion in which the whole West was concerned, and
ought to oe deemed a national work, and to be
treated as such by that House. It extended over
hundreds of miles, and accommodated the interés
of millions. It facilitated the great chain of com
municalion between the East and the West, which
would be imperfect without the improvement of
the stream from Pittsburg to the Falls of the
Ohio.
Mr. LYTLE argued in favor of the appropria-
tion with considerable energy, in reply to Mr.
Ha wes. It was recommended by the appropriate
committee, the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and it was grounded upon the report of the gentle-
man (Captain Shreeve) in whom the whole coun-
try had confidence.
Mr. HARDIN gave an explanation relative to
the effect produced by removing the bars, which,
he contended, was generally productive of more
harm than good. If he thought otherwise, he,
should cheerfully vote for the item; buthis present
convictions would lead him to oppose it.
Mr. DICKINSON, of Tennessee, complained
of the system by which these appropriations were
made, and said, till a better plan was devised, he
hoped the bill would be rejected altogether. He
believed the works contemplated in the bill would
never be completed, and he called upon the mem-
bers of the South to interpose and puta stop toan
expenditure which now, under this bill, amounted
to above $300,000 for the present year. It would
be inconsistent to resist appropriations for improve-
ments on the sea-board, and to vote for one of the
same character in the "West.
Mr. POPE made a few remarks in favor of the
bill.
Mr. LANE was well acquainted with the Ohio
river; but he had no constitutional scruples on the
subject, for he would not give a fig for the con-
stitution if the treasury of the.nation could not
be expended in promoting such works as the pres-
ent. He explained what was necessary to be
done in removing the bars, and denied that they
would come up again. TheOhio river was, of all
others in the country, the most truly national,
and it was the duty of the Government to im-
prove it.                                             .
Mr. BOON said that he had lived near the Ohio
river upwards of twenty-three years, and within
twelve or fifteen miles of three bars, which have
• presented the greatest obstruction to the passage
of fiat-boats down the river, below the falls, as well
as to the passage of steamboats both up and down
the river.   The circumstance mentioned  by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] of a
flat-bottom boat or two having been injured, per-
haps lost, I am not disposed to controvert.   This
has happened, however, when the river was some
two  or three feet above low-water mark.    The
1 improvement  of those  bars  by   wing-dams,  is
¡ intended to improve the navigation of the river in
i times of low water.    This, sir, I know has been
! done at the Scuffletown bar, as also the French
j Island bar; and at the bar above the mouth of
Greene river, the improvement of it is in a state
of progress, which bids fair to result in a success-
ful improvement of the navigation of the river at
that place.
My residence near the bars which I have men-
tioned, has given me an opportunity of knowing
something of the effect which has been produced
by the improvement of the navigation of the river
at those points, by wing-dams. Before the im-
provement which has been made, i have known
from twelve to fifteen steamboats at one time to
be obstructed in their passage over those bars,
to say nothing of the great number of flat boats
that were obstructed in their passage down the
river, before the erection of wing-dams, at those
bars. But now that those improvements have
been made, and their utility tested, I am enabled
to state that steamboats of middle size can, and
