288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ments furnished from the War Department, to the
House, upon'what just ground could they venture
to vote away so large an amount as that contem-
plated m the amendment' Theimpoitance of the
Ohio uver asachannel of commerce, the nature of
the obstructions, whether sand bars or gravel bars,
had nothing to do with the question. The ques-
tion was, whether the appropriation was founded
on proper information'
Mr. LYfLE said, notwithstanding his pro-
found respect for the Committee of Ways and
Means, there were other committees for which
he enteitamed as high respect as he did for that
From whatever committee a pioposition should
come, he was pi epared to act upon it as he thought
best conduced to the interests of the country.
The commerce between Pittsburg and Louisville
was of immense importance to that section of
the country, and the appropriation, he believed,
should be made. He denied the position that a
recommendation from one committee snouldelothe
any measure with moie sanctity than that of
another.
Mr. BURGES cared not from what quarter a
recommendation came, so that it was suppoited
by facts, such as would establish its expediency
and benefit, and he would be ever ready to sus-
tain it.
Mr. HUBBARD defended the course pursued
by the Committee of Ways and Means They
had confined themselves in this bill to works
already commenced, as its title expressed, for the
purpose of carrying on works already begun and
in progress. If the Committee on Roads and
Canals thought the appropriation now asked for
so indispensable, why had not that committee
introduced a bill for the purpose, and not endeavor
to thrust this amendment foi ward* It was alto-
gether out of place in this bill, since it was to
commence a new work.
Mr STEWART said the gentleman from New
Hampshire [M< HubíA-Rd] labored under a mis-
apprehension in supposing this to be anew work,
since an act was passed for it in May, 1824,
eleven years ago
Mr. DICKINSON, of Tennessee, moved to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill, but with-
drew it on the understanding that the question on
the amendment should be taken at once,declaring
his intention to íenew it heieafter.
The question .vas then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows—yeas 109, nayr 8G.
So the House concurred in the amendment.
Mr DICKINSON, of Tennessee, said although
he believed the amendment just adopted to be one
of the best piovisions in the bill, still he voted
against it from a dislike to its general pnnciples,
and he therefore renewed his motion to smke out
the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the House
adjourn.    Negatived.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 128
The House then (at a quarter pastfout) took a
recess till six o'clock, p. m.
mail between New Orleans and Mobile to be carried
daily instead of tn-weekly, as at present.
This motion was resisted by Mr. CONNOR,
because it was an innovation upon the prinup'es
of the bill. He believed the Postmastei General,
whenever the finances of the department would
permit, would establish a daily mail between those
points.
The amendment was advocated by Messrs.
JOHNSON, of Louisiana, EDWARD EVER-
ETT, and SEABORN JONES, and opposed by
Messrs  CONNOR and BEARDSLEY
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to strike
out the enaaing clause of the bill.
Upon this motion a desultory and exciting
debate ensued, in refeience to the management of
the Post Office Department, in which Messis.
JOHNSON, of Miry land, WISE, CONNOR,
PEYTON, BEARDSLEY, LANE, HA WES,
STODDERT, GARLAND, and LYTLE, par-
ticipated.
Without taking the question on the motion to
strike out the enacting clause, the committee, on
motion of Mr. FOLK, rose and asked leave to sit
again.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House then, at
half past ten o'clock, p. rn ,
Adjourned.
EVENING SESSION
The House, according to order, reassembled at
six o'clock, p  m
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication /rom the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a copy of a report and survey of Cumber-
land river, which was laid on the table and ordered
to bo printed
Mr. BEATTY, on leave, moved to print five
hundied extra copies of the foregoing communi-
cation and document, which motion, by the rule,
lies over one day.
POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion of Mr CONNOR, the House then
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr Vance in the chair) upon the bill
to establish certain post routes, and to alter and
discontinue others, and for other pui poses
The bill was read by sections, various amend-
ments were offpred and adopted, and others re-
jected, when
Mr. JOHNSON,ofLouisiana, moved an amend-
ment directing the Postmaster General to cause the
IN SENATE
Wednesday, Febiuaiy 25, 1835
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a
letter from the Treasury Department, transmitting
reports from the Fifst and Thud Auditois, and
Registei of theTrensury, in relation to commuta-
tion to officers of the Revolution; which, on motion
of Mr   HILL, was onleied to be printed
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated a
lettei from the Treasury Department, transmitting
abstracts of the official emoluments of the officers of
the customs, and the fees received for certificates
to accompany distilled spuits, wines, ard teas,
and commissions on disbursements as superinten-
dents of light-houses, and as agents for the marine
hospitals.
PETITIONS,  ETC.
Petitions  and  memorials   weie  piesented   by
Messrs KENT, TIPION, and PORTER.
Mi. KANE presented a joint lesolution of the
Legislature of Illinois, for lescindnig so much of
the compact between that State and the United
States, as prohibits said State tiom taxmg land
sold by the United States for five yeais aftei such
1  sale.
Mr   TIPTON presented a joint lesolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, relative to limiting the
enrolment of the militia tu able-bodied hee male
'  citizens of the United Stites, between the ages of
i  twenty-one and forty years, and  providing  for
better arming and disciplining the militia of the
United State .
Ij               REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
'|     Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
l  siods, lepoited the bills from the House gianting
pensions to John Bryant, John Moore, Timothy
Jordan, David Pearson,Samuel Shelmerdine, and
Abraham B. Boutwell.
1      He also reported that the bills from the House
gianting pensions to Robert Lucas, Isaac Carter,
and the widow and hens of Samuel Southerland,
ought not to pass
1     Mr  TOMLINSON, fiorn the sar^e committee,
, repotted  that the bills fiom the House gianting-
¡i pensions to John W.Cox, Edwaid Nicholas, and
' LattitL Van Veltenburg, ought not to pass,and
that the bill granting a pension to Joseph Swait-
wood ought to pass.
. BILLS PASSED.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
fo. the lei ef of Richard H. Bell was consideied
as 'n Committee of the Wnole, ordered to be en-
giossed for a third reading, and then read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill author-
izing an increase of the coips of engineers was
taken up, considered as in Comm.tteeof theWhole,
ordeied to be engiossed foi a thud leading, and
finally passed.
On motion of Mr BELL, the Senate took up
for consideration the bill to continue the patent of
Joseph Grant, was cons'dered asm Committee of
the Whole, ordered to be engiossed for a third
reading, and then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr WHU E, the Senate took
up for consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the iehef of John Dougherty,
an Indian agent, when it was ordeied to beer-
grossed for a third reading, and theii lead a thud
time and passed.
hUllVEYS IN MAIKE.
Mr. SHEPLEY submitted the.following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of W>ír be dueeted
to furnish the information called foi by a resolu-
tion of the----------in. regaid to the surveys made
in the State of Mame, to the Secretary of the Sen-
ate during the vacation; and that the surveys be
printed under his dnection.
TWO PER CENT. FUND.
On motion of Mi. BLACK, the Senate took up
forconsideiation, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill authoiizing the Secietaiy of the Treasuiy
to invest the two per cent fund reseived for roads
leading to the State of Missits'ppi; when it was
oidered to be engiosseu and lead a thud time.
Afterwaids the bill was lead the third time and
passed
On motion of Mr KlNG.of Alabams, the Sen-
ate took up for consideiation, as in Comm"tee of
the whole, the bill to authonze the applica'ion of
tht two per cent, fund of Alabama, set apart for
public purposes, to the construction of a railroad
from Mobile bay to the Tennessee river
After some remaiks by Mr CLAYm opposition
to the bill, and by Mi   KING m support of it,
Mr. CLAY moved to lay it on the table, which
was negatived—yeas 12, nays 14.
Mr. OLA Í then moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill, ana allied the yeas and nays
upon the question; which weie ordered
Some further debate ensued upon the bill. Mr.
CLAY renewed the motion to lay it on the table;
which wes agieed to.
RELIET OP THE DISTRICT CITIES.
The Senate resumed the hill granting iehef to
the cities of Washington, Alexandria,«nd George-
town
Mr BENTON regretted that heshould be com-
pelled to vote against the bill, unless its friends
were willing to t ike the relief it pioposed for one
yeai,and leave ihe rest to future legislation by
Congiess The people of ¿his city (he said) la-
bored under peculiar grievances—great expenses
had been thrown upon them which entitled them
to all the indulgence which v/e can extend to
them This Government exae'ed hard teims in
getting the giound on which this city is located,
for their own use. Many lots in this city have
been sold at gieat amounts, and those which yet
remain are estimated at between two and thre 
millions of dolíais lie thought the best thing
we could do would be to set apart the building
lots, the proceeds of which should be applied as a
sinking fund to pay this debt. One gieat objec-
tion with him was, that to extend this bill to five
years was an eneioi"hment for four years upon
oui successors Hib proposition to limit it to one
yeai, was a quiet, easy, and almost impeiceptible
mode of granting effectual relief; but by passing
the bill in its p.esent shape, it was virtually im-
posing upon the treasury of this country a burthen
of near two millions oí dolíais Mr. B. said he
would be extremely sorry if, by voting against
the bill, it should be loir, foi a residence of foui-
tcen yeais m Washington had convinced him that
us cit.zer.s snould be fivored. He wished to be
geneious to them, but he wished also to prevent
the treasury from being saddled with a debt of two
millions
Mr. SOUTHARD said that the bill was the
result of the joint consultation of the two Commit-
tees on the District, and to alter it as suggested,
would be the means of defeat He was much
gratified by the expression of feeling and opinions
of the gentleman fiom Missouri, and as far as
he could he would yield to his views He said
the appropriation was not for the payment of the
whole debts of the city, but for that which was
contracted for the purposes of the canal. We can-
not, at the present sess>ion,form and mature such a
bill as the gentleman's views would require, or as
