292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
of the session, and subsequently, against acting
upon this subject, because the facts were not fully
in possession of the House, and he would appeal
to the chairman of the Judiciary Commiltte to
say if he was acquainted with all the ciicum-
stances involved, or had given the subject such an
investigation as had put him in possession of the
principles of the bill
Mr BARR1NGER said, were it earlier in the
session, he would have no objection to gratifying
the gentleman fiorn Maryland by committing this
bill; but he was convinced it would be impracti-
cable to obtain the action of the House by this
course. New Jersey, Delaware, and North Caro-
lina had very littre business, and Virginia not a
great deal, and he was quite sure that the judges
could perform the additional duties imposed under
this bill. He was quite sure that neither the
Chief Jus'ice n >r Judge Baldwin would feel
themselves unable to discharge the burdens under
this bill. Mr. 8. refened to what fell <rom one of
thegentlemen from Maryland, that the advocates
of the bill designed by it to destroy a distinguished
citizen of Maryland, and Mr. B. disclaimed it for
himself, and hoped such a suggestion would have
no influence there or elsewhere. He supported the
bill because he believed the measure it embraced
was iei¡uued by the wantsof the new States . He
was convinced there was no necessity foi sending
the bill to the Judicary Committee, which" would
only postpone it till too late for action.
Mr B asked for the yeas and nays, which
weie oidered.
Mr REYNOLDS said he would not at this
late hour addiess the House, did it not seem to
him that Maryland was about to be placed in a
nmil.it situation to that in which the western
States had found themselves for many years. lie
was foi acting on the bill without referring it to
(he J uliciary Committee, as he believed it could
not then be acted on at tne present session. He
demanded, too, that the new States might be put
on a footing of equality with the old ones in their
judicial system.
Mr ROBERTSON said a few words on the
«haracter and qualifications of the present Chief
Justice
Mr. THOMAS again opposed the motion, and
referred to a statement of the business in Balti-
more, and also the opinions of the bar.
Mi. MERCER said a few woids in reply.
The question was then (alien by yeas and nays,
as follows—yeas 119, nays 82.
So the bill was ( ommitted to aCommittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed
Mi MANN moved that the House adjouin
Negatived—ayes 78, noes 81
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
The question on engiossmg the joint resolutions
on the subject of the election of President and Vice
President of the United States then came up.
Mr GiLMER said he had no wish thawthe
resolution should be discussed at that time, and
he had risen only to ask that the question on the
resolutions and the amendment should be taken
separately, and thereon he asked foi the yeas and
nay1*; which were ordered.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, like the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mi. Gilmer,] it was not his intention
to discuss these íesoluüoiis Fie wished to sug-
gest a single amendment, which was to stuke out
the woitl "four," and insert six as the extent of
the presidential and vice presidential terms. He
believed four years too short a period where the
duration of the office was restucted to a single
term.
Mr. PiNCKNEY asked for the reading of the
resolution"; which were read.
Mr BA [¡RINGER íegretted that his colleague
[Mi. SplightJ had thought it necessaiy to offer
ihe amendment he had. Mr. B. had no intention
of provoking a discussion on these resolutions,
but he rose to express his entire dissent fiom the
amendment. He was convinced that four years
was sufficiently long for a good President, whose
place might be sup| 1 ed by other good men con-
secutively, and four years was abundantly ample,
and rather too ample, for a bad President
i     Mr. SPEIGHT asked for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; which were oidered.
Mr PA rTON said ne could not vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Speight,] nor was he in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Geoigia, [Mr.
Gilmer.] He believed it to be a cardinal point in
our institutions, that no worthy citizen should be
disfranchised. That they should at all times be
eligible to office, and to being returned to that office
at the pleasure of the people. He accorded with the
sentiment of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Barringer,] that four years was too long for
a bad man to serve us as President—but he would
add to that sentiment, as amendatory to its force-
and truth, that eight years was none too long to
secure the services of a good man to his countiy.
The question on the amendment of Mr.
Speight was decided in the negative—yeas 41,
nays 162.
The question then recurred on the first resolu-
tion, and the subject was further debated till
quarter past five o'clock, by Messrs. POLK,
PEYTON, GILMER, PEARCE, of Rhode
Island, BURGES, and GHOLSON.
[A full sketch of the debate will appear in to-
monow's Globe.]
Mr. POLK said he believed he had discovered
a very important omission in the resolutions. They
no where stated the number of votes to which
each State was entitled, although they laid down
the mode and manner m which the elections should
be held. Mi. P. "said that his views in many
points resembled those of the gentleman from
Georgia, but in making important fundamental
changes in our Constitution, it became the House
to pause and to deliberate. Mi. P. was for a
single term, against an election by that House,
and would, in all cases, confine the election to the
people; but he did not think that they should pass
upon so weighty a subject m half an hour's delib-
eration. He again avowed himself in favor of the
principles of the resolutions, and referred to his
former course in support of them.
Mr. GILMERsaid he would prepare an amend-
ment to meet the defect pointed out by the gentle-
man
After some remarks from Mr PEYTON and
Mr. POLK—
Mr. BURGES said he wished to see this sub-
ject divided, form us piesent shape it was incom-
patible with Ins views. On the subject of the fust
pioposition, torendei the Chief Magistrate eligible
j for only one term, he should be in the affirmative;
, but on the second proposition, he wai, and should
ever lemain, in the negative It swept away all
the reseived rights ofthe lesser States, which, he
contended, in the spun of our institutions and
our original compact, should forever remain in-
violable. Mr. B. pursued his argument at some
length.
Mr. GILMER then proposed to supply the
omission by inserting the following: "according
to the mlenow fixed by the Constitution."
Mr POLK proposed so to amend it as that each
State should be entitled to the same number of
electors as members of Congress.
Mr GILMER withdrew his own amendment,
and accepted Mr Polk's.
Mr. WISE remarked that even if it were an
omission it did not repeal the existing law, which
was sufficiently cxnhcit.
Mi. POLK replied that it might hereafter give
use to great disputes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GIIOLSON then moved an amendment to
allow the people an unrestricted choice of a suc-
cessor in case ofthe death ofthe Piesident.
Before the question was taken, on motion of
Mi. HUBBARD,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, FeSruary 26, 1835.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Mr. Donel-
son, his Private Secretary, transmitting the most
recent coriespondence called for by a resolution
of the House, between Mr. Livingston and the
Secretary of State, m i elation to our affairs with
Prance.
A motion having been rrade to print the letter
and accompanying documents,
Mr. PRESTON expressed a wish that they
might be read, as it would be some days before
they would be printed, and some immediate ac-
tion on the part of Congress might be necessary.
The documents were accordingly read and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
The message and documents are as follows:
To the House of Representatives ofthe United States:
I transmit to Congress a report ofthe Secretary
of State, wHh copies of all the letteis received
from Mr. Livingston, since the message to the
House of Representatives of the 6th instant, of the
instructions given to that minister; and of all the
late correspondence with the French Government
in Pans, or in Washington, except a note of M.
Serruner, which, for the reasons stated in the
report, is not now communicated.
It will be seen that 1 have deemed it my duty
to instiuct Mr. Livingston to quit France, with
his legation, and return to the United States, if an
appropi ration for the fulfilment of the convention
shall be lefused by the Chambers.
The subject being now, in all its present as-
pects, before Congress, whose right it is to decide
what measuies are to be pursued m that event, I
deem it unnecessary to make fuither recommen-
dation, being confident that on their part every
thing will be done to maintain the rights and
honor of the country, which the occasion requires.
A. JACKSON.
Washington, Febtuary 25, 1835.
Department or State, )
Washington, 25th-Fibiuaiy, 1835 $
The Secretary of State has the honor to submit
to the President copies of all the letters received
from Mr. Livingston, since the message to ti e
House of Representatives of the 6th ins'ant, of the
instructions given to that Minister, and of all the
late correspondence with the French Government
in Pans, or in Washington, except the last note of
M.Serrurier, which it has been considered neces-
sary to submit to the Government of France before
it is made public or answered, that it may be ascer-
tained whether some exceptionable expressions
are to be taken as the result of a settled puipose
in that Government, or as the mere ebullition of
the Mimstei's indiscretion.
JOHN FORSYTH.
To the Presid«nt of the United States.
Mr. Livingston to Mr. Forsyth.
Legation oí the United States,    )
Paris, 11th Junuayy, 1835 )
Hon. John Forsyth:
Sir: Believing that it would.be impoitant for
me to receive the despatches you might think it
necessaiy to send with the President's message, I
ventured on incut ring the expense of a courier to
bring it to me as soon as it should arrive at Havre.
Mr. Bearsley, accordingly, on the arrival of the
Sully, despatched a messenger with my letters
received by that vessel, and a New York news-
paper containing the message, but without any
communication from the department; so that your
No 43 is still the last which I have to acknowl-
edge. The courier arrived at two o'clock on the
morning of the 8th. Other copies were the sanie
morning received by the Estafette; and tbe con-
tents being soon known, caused the greatest sen-
sation, which, as yet, is, I think, unfavorable,—
the few members of the opposition who would
have voted for the execution of the treaty, now-
declaring that they cannot do it under the threat
of reprisals, and the great body of that party
making use of the effect it has on natibnal pride
to gain proselytes from the ministerial side of the
Chambei, in which, 1 have no doubt, they have
in a great degree, for the time, succeeded.
The Ministers are aware of this, and will not, I
think, immediately urge the consideration of the
law, as I have no doubt they were prepared to do
when the message arrived. Should Congress pro-
pose commercial restrictions, or determine to wait
to the end of the session before they act, this will
be considered as a vote against reprisals, and then
the law will be proposed, and I think carried But
I ought not to conceal from you that the excitement
