1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
No. 73.
Mr. Livingston to Mr. Forsyth.
Legation of the United States,
Paris, January 16, 1835.
Sir: The wind being unfavorable, I hope that
this letter may arrive in time for the packet.
By the enclosed semi-official paper, you will see
that a law has been presented tor effecting the
payment of 25,000,000 francs capital to the Uni-
ted States, for which the budgets of the six years
next succeeding this are affected, and with a con-
dition annexed that our Government shall have
done nothing to affect the interests of Prance. It
would seem from this that they mean to pay noth-
ing but the capital, and that only in six years
from this time; but, as the law refers to the treaty,
for the execution of which it provides, I presume
the intention of the Ministry cannot be to make
any change in it, and that the phraseology is in
conformity with theirusual forms., Atanyrate, I
shall, notwithstanding the situation in which.I am
placed, in relation to this Government, endeavor
to obtain some explanation on this point.
The packet of the 16th has arrived; but, to my
great regret, brought me no despatches, and having
received none subsequent to your No 43, and that
not giving me any indication of the conduct that
would be expected from me in the event of such
measures as might have been expected on the ar-
rival'of the President's message, I have been left
altogether to the guidance of my own sense ot
duty, under circumstances of much difficulty. 1
have endeavored to shape my course through them
in such a way aa to maintain the dignity of my
Government, and preserve peace, and, if possible,
restore the good understanding that existed be-
tween the two countries. Prom the view of the
motives of the President's message, contained in
the answer of the Globe to the article in the Intelli-
gencer, I am happy in believing that the represent-
ations f have made to the Count de Rigny, as
detailed m my No 71, are those entertained by
the Government, and that 1 have not, in this at
least, gone further than it would have directed me
to do, had I been favored with your infractions.
I have no answer yet to my note to the Count
de PJgny, a copy of which was sent by my last >
despatch, nor can I form any new conjecture as to I
the event.                                                                       I
The enclosed paper contains a notice that 1 had ,
been received by the King. This is unfounded, !
and shall be contradicted. I shall not, in the i
present state of things, make my appearance at |
Court, and only in cases where it is indispensable, i
have any communication with the Ministers.          j
1 have the honor to be, with great respect, your i
obedient servant,                         .                                I
EDW. LIVINGSTON.     |
Hsn. J. Forsyth, &c, &c.                                       |
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Livingston.                     |
Department of State,      7       ,
Washington, Fehiuary 13, 1835, $       ,
Sir: To relieve the a'ftXiety expressed in your i
late communication to the Department of State, as
to the course to be pursued in the event of the re- i
jection by the Chamber of Deputies of the law to
appropriate funds to carry into effect the treaty of ¡
4th July, 1831, 1 am directed by the President to j
inform you that if Congress shall adjourn without.;
prescribing some definite course of action, as soon j
as it is known here that the law of appropriation !
has been again rejected by the Piench Chamber, ]
a friHete will be immediately despn'ched to Havre
to bring you back to the United  States with such i
instructions as the state of the question may then 1
render necessary and proper.                                      ]
I am, sir, &c,                 JOHN FORSYTH,     i
Edward Livingston, Esq.                                    j
Department op State,
Washington, February 24, 1835.
Sir.: Your despatches to No. 73, have been re-
ceived at the Dapartment—No. 73 by yesterday's
mail.    Nos. 70, 71, 72, were delayed until this
morning, by the mismanagement of the young
man to whose care they were committed by the
Captain of the packet Sully, in New York.
In the very unexpected and unpleasant position
in which you hsqge been placed, I am directed by
the President, to say to you, that he approves of
your conduct, as well becoming the representative
of a Government ever slow to manifestresentment,
and eager only to fulfil the obligations of justice
and good faith, but at the same time to inform you
that he should have felt no surprise;and certainly
would have expressed no displeasure, had you
yielded to the impulse of national pride, and at
once have quitted Prance, with the whole Lega-
tion, on the receipt of the Count de Rigny's note
of the 13th January. M. Serrurier having re-
ceived his orders, has terminated his ministerial
career by the transmission of a note, a copy of
which, and of all the correspondence had with him,
is herewith enclosed. M. Pageot has _been pre-
sented to me, as charged with the affairs of Prance
on the recall of the Minister.
The note of the Count de Rigny having no
doubt, according to your intention, received from
you an appropriate reply, it is only necessary for
me now to say that the Count is entirely mistaken
in supposing that any explanations have been
given here by M. Serrurier, of the causes that
have led to the disregard, or postponement of the
engagements entered into by France, after the
rejection of the appropriation by the last Cham-
ber of Deputies, and of which he was the organ.
No written communication whatever has been
made on the subject, and none verbally made of
sufficient importance to be recorded—a silence
with regard to which could have been justly the
foundation of any inference that the President was
satisfied that the course of the French Adminis-
tration was either reconcileable to the assurances
given him or necessary to secure a majority of the
Chamber of Deputies.
The last note of M. Serrurier will be the sub-
ject of separate instructions, which will be im-
mediately prepared and forwarded to you.'
In the present posture of our relations with
Prance, the President directs that, if the appropri-
ation to execute the treaty shall be, or shall have
been, rejected by the French Legislature, you
forthwith quit the territory of Prance, with all
the legation, and return to the United States by
the ship of war which shall be in readiness at
Havre to bring you back to your own country.
If the appropriation be made, you may retire to
England or Holland, leaving Mr. Barton in charge
of affairs; notify the department of the place se-
lected as your temporary residence, and await
further instructions.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH. .
Edward Livingston, Esq.,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Serrurier.
Department of State,    )
Washington, February 23, 1835 \
Official information having; been received by the
President of the recall of  Mr. Serrurier by his |
Government, and the papers of the morning having ¡
announced the arrival of a French sloop-of-war
at New York, for the supposed object of carrying
him from the United States, the undersigned Sec-
retary of State of the United States tenders to Mr.
Serrurier all possible facilities in the power of this
Government to afford, to enable him' to comply
speedily wilh the orders he may have received or
may receive.
The undersigned avails himself of the occasion
to renew to Mr. Serrurier the assurances of his
very great consideration,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Serrurier to Mr. Forsyth—Translation.
Washington, February 23, 1835.
Sir: I have just received orders from my Gov-
ernment, which make it necessary for me to de-
mand of you an immediate audience. I therefore
request you to name the hour at which iUwül suit
you to receive me at the Department of State.
1 have the honor to be, with great considera-
tion, sir, your obedient humble servant,
SERRURIER.
To the Hon. John Forsyth,
Secretary of Stale of the United States.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Serrurier.
Department of State, )
Washington, February 23, 1835. \
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the
United States, informs Mr. Serrurier, in reply to
his note of this instant, demanding the indication
of an hour for an immediate audience, that he ia
ready to receive, in writing, any communication
the Government of France desires to have made
to the Government of the United States.
The undersigned has the honor to offer Mr.
Serrurier the assurances of his very great consid-
eration,                                JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Serrurier to Mr. Forsyth—Translation.
Washington, February 23, 1835.
Sir: My object in asking you this morning to
name the hour at which it would sui-. you to receive
me was in order that I might, in consequence of my
recall as Minister of His Majesty near the United
States, present and accredit Mr. Pageot, the first .
Secretary of this Legation, as Charge d'Affaires
of the King; this presentation, which, according
to usage, I calculated on making in person, I
have the honor, in compliance with the desire ex-
pressed to me by you, to make in the form which
you appear to prefer.
I thank you, sir, for the facilities which you
have been kind enough to afford me in the note
preceding that now answered, also of this morn-
ing's date, and which crossed the letter in which
I demanded an interview.
I haye the honor to renew to you, sir, the assu-
rance of my high consideration.
SERRURIER.
To the Hon. John Forsyth, Secretary of State.
CREDENTIALS OF MR. RUGGLES.
Mr. SEiEPLEY presented the credentials of
the Hon. John Roggles, a Senator elected from
the State of Maine, for six years from the 4th of
March next.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bills from the House for the
relief of Richard Hargrave Lee, and Thomaa
Dixon & Co., of New York, without amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the same committee,
reported the bills from the House for the relief of
S. Morris Wain, and H. Percival, anil for the re-
lief of Ebenezer Breed, without amendment.
Mr. W EBSTER stated that these personswere
owners of goods on which duties had been secured,
and which had been burnt while in the custody
of the Government, in the custom house stores.
The majority of the committee were of opinion
that under'such circumstances, where goods were
destroyed by fire, the duties ought to be remitted
—he believed it was the practice of other Govern-
ments to do so.
Mr. WEBSTER also reported unfavorably
upon the bill from the House for the relief of
John J. Putnam and Nathan Pratt, and the com-
mittee were discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported the bill from the
House for opening certain roads in the Territory
of Arkansas, without amendment. Also, the bill
frorri the House for the improvement of the harbor
of Clinton river, in Michigan Territory.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the same committee,
reported the Senate bill to authorize the construc-
tion of a railroad upon the public lands from
Tallahassee to St, Marks, in Florida, with the
amendments made by the House; which, on his
motion, were concurred in.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the bill from
the House granting pensions to Enoch Blaisdel,
reported tint it aught not to pass.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported the bills granting pensions to John F.
Wiley and George Fields, without amendment.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, the joint resolu-
tion from the House, authorizing the delivery of
certain papers to the Secietary of War, to be used
in deciding upon pension cases, and gave notice
that when it came up for consideration, he would
move for its indefinite postponement.
