1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
Uons, Drobably with some modifications, when the
House would be prepared to act upon the matter
Surely a subject of this dignity and importance
demanded that the most ordinary forms of the
House should not be dispensed with. No delay
could possibly arise from the mode suggested by
Mi. A The committee would doubtless meet in
the morning, and, aided by the communication
just read, they might mature a report, which the
House could consider at once. That was the only
correct and proper .node, while the other was
altogether unusual                                                     
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he made the motion
he did, inasmuch as there weie only a few days
of the session remaining, and little time left tor
discussion Injustice to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs he must say that they had the subject
under consideration ever since the beginning of
the session, and it was not until that day that
they had come to a conclusion to report, having
waited till the latest moment for information from
the Foreign Department. He hoped the House
would print both the resolutions of himself and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ]
Mr J.Q, ADAMS consented to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,]
and asked leave of the House to refer his own
resolutions also, with the other papers, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr COULTER agreed that the course recom-
mended by the gentleman from Virginia was the
ordinary and parliamentary one, and was the best
mode of disposing of the subject. He saw neither
the necessity nor the propriety of printing the res-
olutions of the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Cambrellnc,] because the subject must be sent to
the committee tor deliberation, who must return a
report to the House, and it was impossible to say
what tneir report would be; that is, impossible
according to the usual course of parliamentary pro-
ceedings, for it was not unlikely that the same
resolutions would be agreed upon.
Mr C. thought it somewhat anomalous and
contradictory to print resolutions, and then refer
the subject upon which the íesolutior.s should be
predicated to the committee, for it might be, that
the/ would report differently He thought, there-
fore, that a'l the papers should be sent to the com-
mittee, and there was no question they would
report to morrow morning at fatthest.
One word in relation to the course these matters
had alreaJy taken in that committee There was
no disposition in any of the members of that com-
mittee to find fault, and they had hitherto pro-
ceeded in harmony together, but it became neces-
sary to explain, that the course taken by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Everltt,] was
in fact, the only couise left, or permitted to him. It
was true, that three days ago, a majority of the
committee had agreed upon certain íesolutions,
and had instructed their chairman to report them
The minority, who entertained somewhat differ-
ent view , had also agreed upon a leport, and al-
though theie was no substantial diffeienoe between
them, yet it was decided by the minority to pre-
sent their views in a different form, and somewhat
different aspect There had been no recent meet-
ing of the committee, but the chanman had col-
lected the opinions of the majority, by calling upon
them individually This left the minority no other
way of getting then opinions before the country,
than that adopted by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr  Everett J
Mr PATTO.N rose (he said) for the purpose
of making an inquiry, which had been substan
tially answeied by tie gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr Coulter] Mr P was not present in
the committee when the íesolutions were agreed
upon, and he wished to know if they were similar
to those then offered by the gentleman fiom New
York. lie undeistood from the gentleman who
last addressed the Hou^e that they were After
what had transpired Mr P deemed it propei to
say for himself that the resolutions prtsented by
the gentleman from New York, and which he
(Mr P ) had supposed were intended to be pre-
sented by him individually as a member of the
committee, although they had received the con-
cuirence of the majority, weie very politely shown
by the gentleman to him, for his consideration,
that he might be prepared when the subject came
up
Mr. P. said he had never seen the resolutions
or report of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi Everett,] and he was therefore in the pie
dicament ot not having given his sanction to the
resolutions either of the majority or of the mi-
nority. He was, however, prepared to consider
these resolutions and all others, whenever they
should come up in a proper foim for the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. LETCHER suggested to the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Cambreleng,] to withdraw
the resolutions, and to move to refer the message
and accompanying documents to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and to morrow the gentleman
might offer his resolutions.
Mr  ARCHER thought that the best course
Mr. CAMBRELENG would accept the sugges-
tion with pleasure.   It was due to himself to state
that he submitted these resolutions yesterday to
i every member of the committee, though the de-
cision was substantially made by the committee
long ago     He believed also that every member
of the committee was aware of his intention to
submit them to-day
It was also due to himself, (Mr. C said,) tostate
that he had never seen or heard of any report
from the mmouty of the committee, or of any
resolution fiom that minority, till the gentleman
offered them just now.
Mr. C. then withdrew the proposition to print
the resolutions, and moved to refer the President's
message and accompanying papers to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and that they be printed
Mr E. EVERETT would interpose no objec-
tion to the last motion, but would ask that if the
gentleman'sresolutions were received as the report
of the majority, that he (Mr E ) might then be
permitted to submit a report on behalf of the mi-
nority In regard to the remark of the gentleman
that he had never heard 6f any such thing, Mr
E. said, if the gentleman would charge his recol-
lection more strictly, he would find that he had
been made aware of the existence of these papers,
for the gentleman himse'f suggested to Mr E to
defer their presentation so as to submit thein in
conjunction with his own report
Mr. CAMBRELENG said it was so Ion  ago
that he had forgotten the circumstance.
Mr. ARCHER raised a question of order No
report had been made, and it could not be debated
without the special leave of the House.
Mr McKlNLEY hoped the question of print-
ing would be withdrawn, since he was assured
that the publication of these documents would be
productive of much mischief, and he hoped they
would be leferred without being ordered to be
printed.    He moved a division of the question.
Mr J Q, ADAMS then withdrew his resolu-
tions.
Mr SUTHERLAND thought, perhaps, it
would be as well for the House to postpone print-
ing the correspondence till the report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had been made,
which would be to morrow, so that the corre-
1 spondence and the report of the committee might
go out together
|     Mr CAMBRELENG observing that the mo-
tion to print could be made to-monow morning,
and as a disposiaon had been manifested that the
motion should be withdrawn, he would accord-
i mgly withdraw it
1     Mr   WATMOUGH thereupon renewed the
motion
Mr WILDE informed the House that the same
1 papers had been ordered to be printed by the other
House
Mr S JONES and Mr J a ADAMS hoped
the gentleman from A'abama would withdraw his
objection to print.
Mr LYTLE said he believed all the mischief
had already been done that possibly could be done
by publicaron, by the very reading of those doc-
uments with open doors, in the hearing of the
reporters, and of the immense eoncouise then
assembled m the gal'enes of the House
Mr McKlNLEY said, inasmuch as the papers
had been ordered to be printed by the other House,
he would withdraw his motion to divide the ques-
!     Mr BURGES said a few words in favor of the
motion to print
I     The motion to print and refer the papers to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was then agreed to
without a division."
DibTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House then, at a quarter before thiee
o'clock, proceeded to the special orders of the day.
The bill to organize the several file companies
in the District of Columbia was first taken up.
Various verbal amendments were concurred in,
ard the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill to extend the charter of the Fire Insu-
rance Company of Alexandria was next taken up
and disposed of in a similar manner.
The bill regulating the toll on the Eastern
Branch bridge,
The bill to extend the charter of the Potomac
Fire Insurance Company;
The bill to mcoi pótate the Georgetown Savings
Company, and
The bill for the benefit of Georgetown and
Alexandria, were severally laid on the table
The House then went into Commitiee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Mann, of
New York.m the chair) on the bill relating to the
orphans' court in the District of Columbia, which
was consideied and repotted to the House without
amendment.
The committee then rose, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a thud reading
Mr CHINN then moved that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the other bills
relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. THOMAS said the charters of the banks
which it is proposed to extend would not expire
until Maich, 1836 He uid not, therefore, see the
necessity of acting on these bills at this session
Three months of the next session of Congress
would expire before the expiration of the charters,
and the House could then take up, consider, and
dispose of the grave questions involved in the re-
chartei of the banks of this District. The stock-
holders of all these banks enjoyed unreasonable
privileges, he wished to curtail them, but this is
not the time to entei into this conoideiation, when
we are on the eve of an adjournment To all the
bank bills he was, therefore, opposed at this time,
and had moved to strike them fiom the motion of
the gentleman from Vnginia To theiecharterof
some of the banks he hud a particular dislike.
They had failed dunng the last session of Con-
gress, under circumstances well calculated to add
to the terrible excitement which was then cieated.
Before we can consider the piopnety of lecbartei-
ing this last class of banks, surely the House owes
it to the country to inquue into the causes of these
failures. If they failed with good cause they are
still embarrassed, and we should not cheat the
public by doing any act calculated to give credit
to these institutions If they failed without good
cause, they were solvent at the tune of failuie—
then they aided shamefully to mciease that dis-
graceful panic whi"h had so seuously afflicted the
whole country Before we lechorter, let us ex-
amine, let the next Congress appoint a committee
to make a searching inquiry into the conduct aid
condition of these institutions, and if lound to be
worthy, then, and not till then, let a charter be
granted on such terms and conditions as the pub-
lic interest will justify
On this question a short discussion ensued be-
tween Messrs THOMAS.CUINN, VANDER-
POEL, BEARDSLLY.and MoKbNNAN
The question was finally taken by veas and
nays, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 102,
nays 66
The House then went into Committee oe the
Whole (Mr Pii-rce, of New Hampshire, in the
chan) on the remaining bills
The bill to extend the juiisdiction cf certain
couits in the county of Washington was consid-
ered, and, after some verbal ameidmenu, it was
laid aside, and
The bill to incorpoiate the Ale^tandiia Savings
Company wis taken up
Mr G1LLCT moved to strike out the enacting
clause
The reading of the bill being called for, it was
read by the Clerk
Mr VANDERPOEL explained the nature of
the proposed institution
Mr CILLLT thought that it would possess all
