aOO                    ________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________February 26,
the objectionable featuies of a bank—a monopoly. '
Jt was decidedly such an institution as the people
of this coiuitiy have, wuh a loud  voice, con-
demned, and it was -he duty of Congress to cany
out the views of tne people
Mi CEIiNN denied that this institution partook,
in any degree, of the character of a bai k, and de
fended the bill
Mi MANN, of New Yoilc, was apprehensive
that if his colleague [Mr. Vanderpoel] would
moie closely examine this bill, he would discover
that it was essentially a savings bank; but he was
unwilling to deprive the city of Alexandria of the
benefiis ot our legislation, he hoped his other col-
league [Mr Gillet] would withdraw his oppo-
sition, anu suifer the bill to pass, after some slight
amendment
Mr VANDERPOEL replied. He said if the
motion to strike out the enacting clause should not
prevail, u was his intention to offer an amendment
to the bill, to meet the scruples of his colleague,
[Mr. Maí.n ]
Mr. HUBBARD expressed his utter surprise at
the evidence of the slightest opposition to this bill
Such institutions had been ol immense benefit to
the country, in enabling the poor to lay up their
scanty earnings. This he had witnessed in his
own neighboihood, and he hoped the motion would
not prevail
Mr. PELDER referred to instances in which
the managers of such establishments had been
guilty of the grossest abuses He expressed him-
self opposed to the whole class of these institu
tions They were too often bottomed in fiaud
and swindling.
Mi FILLMORE proposed an amendment to
the third section, providing that no notes should
be made payable to the directors He then pro-
ceeded to defend the nature of the proposed mcoi-
poration. He deemed it emphatically the poor
man'3 bank, in opposition to the rich man's mo-
nopoly.
Mr POLK spoke ageinst the passage of the
bill. He saw nothing in its nature to prevent the
investment of the funds of capitalists for purposes
of speculation. Neither did he see any injury that
could result to the community by its postpone-
ment to another session.
Mr. PARKER went into an examination of
those institutes. He was opposed to the bill, and
thought the amendment of the gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Fili morl] would not remedy it.
The amendment of Mr. Fii lmoue was then
agreed to; and Mr F then submitted anothei,
relating to the amount of loans and deposites to be
made by the company to, and by a single individ-
ual, limiting the same to five hundred dollars.
Mr. HARPER spoke in general terms in favor
of saving institutions; but he believed the amend-
ment proposed was not, he feared, sufficient to
secure this one from abuse.
Mi. MANN, of New York, said a few words
in explanation of the features of the bill.
Mr. GILLET again addressed the House in
opposition to the bill, and in favor of his motion
to stuke out the enacting clause
Mr FILLMORE then withdrew his amend-
ment, in order to avoid furthei discussion.
Mr PLUMMER said he never had voted for
a bank charter; but if he ever should do so, it
would not be for one in disguise, as he deemed
this to be. It was clothed with banking powers,
and was, in every point of view, a monopoly.
Mi CHINN 6wed it to the applicants to de-
fend their leputation. They were unimpeachable,
and he believed their intention to be unexception-
able.
Mr. HARPER expressed his conviction that
the bill contained many defects.
The motion to strike out the enacting clause
was agreed to.
The bill making appropriations for the Peni-
tential y in the District of Columbia was read and
laid aside
The bill granting an additional quantity of land
for the satisfaction of revolutionary bounty land
warrants was next considered
On this a discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
PARKER, MASON, VINTON, HUBBARD,
CLAY, and EVANS, took part.
Mr. PARKER moved the committee rise.
Mr. EVANS rose to a point of oider, whether
the motion before the committee was to rise, and
report the bills already acted on, with the excep-
tion of the last.
This ehcned furthei consideration, until
Mi. PARKER explained the nature of his mo-
tion, which, to save discussion, he withdrew. Mi.
P then continued his remarks in opposition to the
bill     He gave way, however, to
Mr FILLMORE, who renewed the motion
that the committee rise After a short debate the
question was taken bv tellers, when there ap-
peared—ayes 72, noes 45.
There being no quotum, the committee lose,
and the Chairman reported that fact to the House
A motion was then made to adjourn, on which
question Mr McKENNAN demanded the yeas
and nays.    They were not ordered.
The question on adjournment was then taken
by telleis, when there were declared to be—ayes
52, noes 89.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Committee of the "Whole being again in
session, the question recurred on rising, when
there appeared—ayes 80, noes 51.
The committee then rose and reported the bills,
with the exception of the last named.
The amendment adopted by the committee to
strike out the eracting clause of the bill to incor-
poiate the Alexandua Savings Institution was
concurred in, and the bill consequently rejected.
The amendment to the other bills relating to
the District of Columbia were concurred in, and
they were oideied to be engrossed for a third
reading
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Februmy 27, 1835.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen
sions, íeported, without amendment, the bills from
the House granting pensions to Theophilus Bleek-
man and Elijah Blodget.
Mr. TOML1NSON, from the same committee,
to which the bill granting pensions to the widow
of Noah Chittenden and to Thankful Randall was
referred, reported that they ought not to pass.
Mr. EW1NG presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Ohio, rescinding the joint resolu-
tion of the same body, passed last yeai, instructing
their Senators, &c, to sustain the removal of the
deposites; to oppose the recharter of the United
States Bank, and to oppose the said bill, which,
on his motion, was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
SEATS IN THE SENATE.
Mr PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed
to examine and report into the expediency of so
arranging the seats in the Senate Chamber as will
piomote the convenience of members and facilitate
the despatch of public business.
The resolution was adopted, and, by consent,
the Chairappomted Messrs Porter/Tallmadce,
and Cuthbert.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS.
The resolution submitted by Mr BENTON, to
expunge from the Journal the resolution parsed
last session, declaring " that the Executive m the
' late proceedings with reference to the revenue
' has exercised authority and power not author-
' ized by the Constitution and laws, and danger-
' ous to the liberties of the people," came up in
order for consideration, when
Mr. BENTON spoue at length in support of it.
"When Mr B. concluded, the discussion was
suspended for the purpose of taking up the fol*
lowing bills, which were read a third time and
passed:
RAILROAD THROUGH PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill authonzmg the Leavenworth, Bloom-
wgville, and other railroad, companies, to locate
railroads through the public lands.
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The bill to regulate the public deposites in the
State banks.
Messrs.   POINDEXTER, TYLER,   BIBB,
BROWN,   EWING, and  CALHOUN, made
some remarks upon this bill, when
Mr BLACK asked the yeas and nays upon its
passage, which were ordered, and the bill was
parsed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,Black,Calhoun,Clay-
ton, Cuthbeit, Ewing, Fielmghuysen, Goldsbo-
rough, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Mangum, Moore, Porter, Pientisa, Pieston, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tom
hnson, Tylei, Waggaman, Webster, White—28
" NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Brown, Buchanan,
Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Morns,
Poindextei, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge—12.
CONVENTION WITH PRANCE.
Mr CLAY, on leave given, and pursuant to
notice, intioduced a bill to continue the commis-
sion for carrying into effect the convention with
France.
By unanimous consent the bill was read twice
and ordered to be engrossed.
The bill was afterwards read the third time and
passed.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE TWO SICILIES.     "
The bill authorizing the Secretary of theTieas-
ury to compromise the claims allowed by the
commission against the King of the two Sicilies
was, on motion of Mr SILSBfcE, considered as m
Committee of the Whole, and ordeied to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill was afterwards read the third time and
passed.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS----AGAIN.
The Senate again resumed Mr Benton's reso-
lution, when
Mr SOUTHARD took the floor, and spoke at
length in opposition to the lesolution, and entered
intoan examination and condemnation of the right
of instruction.
When he concluded, on motion of Mr. PRES-
TON, the subject was laid on the table.
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LAND WAR-
RANTS.
The Senate then considered,as in Committee of
the Whole, the bill granting an additional quantity
of land in satisfaction of unlocated Virginia military
bounty land warrants.
Mr CLAY opposed the bill on the ground that
the number of acres appropriated would not be
sufficient for the purpose of satisfying all these
claims, we di<J not know when we should ever
stop. Thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. Ttier]
informed him fotmerly that the last appropriation
would be sufficient, and yet we appeared to be
no nearer the end of this business than we were
then.
Mr EWING said he would much rather appro-
priate the sum of $887,500 instead of five hundred
and fifty thousand acres, and then we should know
what we were about. He was opposed to the
bill.
Mr LEIGH made some remarks in favor of
the bill. He said this appropriation could not
be considered as made to Virginia, any more than
to Ohio, Kentucky, or Tennessee, for not one
twentieth of these claimants íesided in that State.
Mr TYLER said if the original appropriation
of five hundred and fifty thousand acres was just
and con set, a further appropriation ought to be
made to co\ei all the claims, even if it should
amount to five millions of acres. The report made
on the subject showed that the great mass of these
claims were airead y satisfied, and he did not think
we would be much troubled on the subject here-
after.
Mr. CLAY said that the main cause of this
great increase was in consequence of the bills
passed giving pension and bounty lands, &c
Since the passage of the act of 1830, they have
found in the attic story of the Capitol a large mass
of revolutionary papers, out of which the greater
part of these claims have sprung. There seems
to be no end of these c'aims, he was willing to vote
, for the five hundred and fifty thousand aeres,pro-
vrded it was to be the last.
Mr. POINDEXTER offered an amendment
requiring all claimants hereafter to file their claims
in the office of the Commissioner of the Land
Office within two years, or their claims shall be
baued.
