1835                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   301
After some remarks by Mr. TYLER and Mr.
CL A Y,~the amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr. LEIGH, the blank was filled
with six hundred and fifty thousand acres.
On'the question, " Shall the bill be engrossed
and read a third time?"
Mr. HILL asked the yeas and nays; which,
being ordered, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Clay, Cuthbert, Ewing, Goldsborough, Hen-
dricks, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, Leigh,
Linn, Mangurn, Moore, Poindexter, Porter, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Silsbee, Southard, Tomlinson,
Tyler, Waggaman, and White—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Hill, King of Georgia, Reg-
gies, Shepley, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, an&o
Wright—8.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House were read
the first and second time, and severally referred:
A bill relating to the orphans' court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill to extend the charter of the Fire Insur-
ance Company of Alexandria;
A n aat to organize fire companies in the District
of Columbia;
An act mailing appropriation for certain roads
and surveys;
A bill for the relief of Sarah H  B. Stith;
A bill for the reHef of Elizabeth J. Wiilson and
others;
A bill amendatory of an act establishing the
Chesapeake Canal Company;
An act for carrying into effect the convention
between the United States and Spain;
An act making an appropriation for the support
of the penitentiary in the District of Columbia;
An act authorizing the circuit court of Wash-
ington county, District of Columbia, to hold special
sessions;
A bill making additional appropriation for the
Delaware breakwater, and other purposes;
A bill making appropriations for Indian annui-
ties and other similar objects for 1835;
A bill authorizing the construction of a dry-dock
for the use of the navy;
A bill extending the patentof Robert Eastman;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jacob Smith,
deceased; and
A bill making provisions for survey and plans,
and establishing a surveyor general's office in
Illinois and Indiana.
BILLS CONSIDERED.
The following bills were taken up in Commit-
tee of the Whole, considered, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time:
A bill for the relief of Mary O'Sullivan;
A bill to confirm certain land claims in Missouri;
and
A bill for making a road from Lime Greek to
Chattahoochie.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that he should to-
morrow call up the resolution for electing a printer
for the Senate.
SUSPENSION OP JOINT RULE.
Mr. BIBB offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the joint rule of the two Houses
which declares that no bill that shall have passed
one House shall be sent for concurrence to the
other, on either of the last three days of the ses-
sion, be suspended, so far as to allow bills which
shall have passed either House before twelve
o'clock, p. m., of Saturday, 280i instant, to be
sent to the other for concurrence.
PENSION AGENCY AT GREEN POINT.
The bill for establishing a pension agency south
of Green river, returned from the House with an
amendment, was laid on the table; when
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 27, 1835.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which had  been referred the amend-
ments proposed by the Senate to the bill which
originated in the House, making appropriations
for certain fortifications for the year 1835, made a
report recommending a concurrence in a portion
of the amendments, and a non-concurrence in the
residue. The bill and amendments were com-
mitted.                   *
Mr. McKINLEY, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported, without amendment,
the bill from the Senate for the establishment of
branches of the mint; which was committed.
Mr. BINNEY, from a select committee,made
a report on the subject of weights and measures;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WATMOUGH moved to print three thou-
sand extra copies of the foregoing report; which
1 motion, under the rule, lies over one day.
I     Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
i and Canals, reported two amendments to the har-
¡ bor bill; which were ordered to be printed.
'     Mr.  ASHLEY,  from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize John
Whitzett to enter a certain tract of land-, which
was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Commit-
tee of the Whole was discharged from the furiher
consideration of the bill for the relief of certain
Choctaw Indians.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions were
made by Messrs. CHAMBERS, F. THOMAS,
and McINTI RE, from sianding committees; which
were ordered to he on the table.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.                .
Mr. HAWES moved to suspend the rules of
the House for the purpose of considering the
report of the committee on the West Point Acad-
emy. His only object was to have the report
printed.
Mr. HA WES.demanded the yeas and nays on
his motion: which were ordered, and were—yeas
70, nays 300.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. CAMBRELENG.from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made the following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which was
referred so much of the President's message as
concerns our political relations with France,
and the correspondence between the Ministers
of the two Governments, submit the following
report:
At an early period of the session, the commit-
tee took into consideration the question of author-
izing reprisals, and continued from time to time to
discuss various motions and resolutions submitted
by its different members; they could, however,
concur in no proposition, and in that condition, a
majority deemed it expedient to postpone their
decision till further intelligence should be received
from France. The committee had, within the
week past, twice instructed its chairman to report
resolutions, but the arrival of additional intelli-
gence caused^a suspension of these reports until
an official communication should be received from
the Executive. That communication places the
relations between the two countries in a novel
and interesting position. While there is satisfac-
tory evidence that the French Government earn-
estly desires that the appropriation for indemnity
should be made in pursuance of the stipulations
of the treaty, and while there is reason to hope
Ithat the Chamber of Deputies will adopt that
measure and faithfully discharge the obligations
of France to the United States, it is, on the other
hand to be feared that the conduct of that Gov-
ernment has placed us in a position at least em-
barrassing, even should it not produce an entire
suspension of diplomatic intercourse between the
two nations. In- this new position of our rela-
tions; it is deemed expedient to dispense with
further discussion on the subject of non-mter-
course with and reprisals on the commerce of
France, to which the attention of the committee
had been directed, and to leave thequestion of our
political relations with that Government to the
next Congress, whose action will no doubt be
governed by the course which France may deem
it expedient to pursue. We are not yet informed
what may have been "the decision of the King of
the French as to the dismissal of our Minister,
nor can we conjecture what may be the fate of the
appropriation in the Chamber of Deputies. While
the committee is unwilling to. anticipate any but
an amicable and favorable result in both cases, it
must be recollected that the King and the Cham -
bers may decide adversely to the interests and
harmony of the two nations. Such a decision
on the part of France, however it may be regret-
ted by the people of both countries, who have
great and growing interests, "commercial, and
political, to cherish, may lead to a result upon
which the committee, while in doubt and while a
hope remains, will not enlarge.
The committee is therefore of opinion, that at
such a crisis, when events may occur which can-
not be anticipated, and which may lead to im-
portant consequences in our external relations, it
would not discharge its duty to the country, if it
did not express a firm resolution to insist on the
full execution of the treaty of 1831, and if it did
not recommend to the House a contingent prep-
aration for any emergency which may grow out
of our relations with France, previous to the next
meeting of Congress. It is a gratifying circum-
stance that our means are adequate to meet any
exigency, without recourse to loans or taxes.
The bill now before the House authorizing the
sole of our stock in the Bank of the United States
would, if adopted, afford all the revenue neces-
say. The committee is of opinion, that the whole
or a part of the fund to be derived from that
source, should be appropriated for the purpose
of arming our fortifications, and for making otKeí
military and naval preparations for the defence
of the country, in case such expenditures should
become necessary before the next meeting of
Congress.
The committee therefore submit the following
resolutions for the consideration of the House:
Resolved, That it would be incompatible with the
rights and honor of the United States further to
negotiate in relation to the treaty entered into by
France, on the 4th July, 1831, and that this House
will insist upon its execution as ratified by both
Governments.
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of so
much of the President's message as relates to
commercial restrictions or reprisals on the com-
merce of France.
Resolved, That contingent preparations ought
to be made to meet any emergency growing out
of our relations with France.
Mr. E. EVERETT, on behalf of himself and
two of his colleagues of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, asked permission of the House to submit
their views on the subject. He would only ob-
serve, that the document was somewhat too long
to ask for its reading at that time; and therefore
he should only move that the same disposition be
made of it as of the report of the majority. The
minority of the committee did not materially differ
in their views from the majority, except in one or
two points; but they thought it due to the subject
to take a more full and argumentative view of it.
Mr. C AMBRELENG said it was proper that he
should remark, in addition to what he had stated
yesterday in relation to the report of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that he (Mr. C.) had not
at that time the remotest idea that thi3 document
was trie same as the one prepared by that gentle-
man a long time ago; and before Mr. C. had been
appointed chairman of the committee, when the
two countries stood in a very different attitude
towards each other. Before the last communica-
tion was made, Mr. C. had even proposed that a
motion should be made for printing the document;
but the suggestion was not adopted by the com-
mittee. In the new relations which had subse-
quently ensued, it became necessary, Mr. C.
thought, to present new views; and supposing the
minority of the committee would do so, he stated,
what he conceived to be a fair inference, that he
had never seen or heard of that document. He
thought proper to make this explanation, in con-
sequence of what had occurred yesterday; and to
reiterate that the document then submitted by the
gentleman from Massachusetts had never been
read by one of the six members constituting the
majority of the committee.
Mr. J. Q. ADAMS then asked leave to submit
