J835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
ciou3, but he would say no more on that sub-
By the rules of the House, then, it was clearly
and emphatically laid down, that these resolutions
could not constitutionally be passed by the House,
unless, in the first instance, they were considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The consequence of not doing so, would
be to suppress debate, and whenevei the friends of
the Administration, or the acting chairman of the
Committeeon Foreign Affairs thought that discus-
sion had gone far enough, then the screws of the
previous question would be applied. And then we
were told that this was the last day in which bills
could be sent from this to the other House, and
that ne must pass this bill to day, whether we
could or not, or it could not pass at all, and the
buglehorn of party will be sounded, and we shall
be told that we must pass this resolution. When
the previous question shall have been applied, and
seconded, and when the question shall be taken,
then we shall be at liberty to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. After some
further remarks, Mr. A concluded, by again con-
tending that it would be contrary to the Constitu-
tion to act upon the subject, without going into
committee.
Mr. CAMBRELENGbehevedtheHouse would
the aspect of two countries of immense popula-
tion, and upon the happiness of a great poition of
the human race. It was therefore proper that
everything should be done dispassionately, with
due deliberation, and in order He hoped the
House would adopt the usual and ordinary pro-
ceedings. They must perceive that too little time
remained for the House to adopt any measure
upon this subject in the tone of temper and delib-
eration that was requisite; and it would perhaps
be best to leave everything to the calm delibera-
tion of the people, and to the representatives who
would come fresh from them at the next session
of Congress, or they might be convened sooner,
if the Executive thought the contingency arising
from new circumstances demanded it At all
events, he hoped nothing would be done irregu-
larly, and he coincided with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that this, of all other questions,
ought to be debated in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Constitution
required it, and the rule of this House required it.
Mr C. inquired if it would be in order to move
that to-morrow morning, at eleven o'clock, the
House should recolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of considering this question.
The CHAIR said it would be varying the rules
readily pardon him if he did not follow in the same I  0f the House, and would require a vote of two
tone and temper of the gentleman from Massaehu-  <
sefs     He had too much respect bolh for himself
aid for mat gentleman, as w ll as for the House   jj
Mr C reo-reited that on a sub¡ectand an occasion >
which should of itself command unanimity, the i(
gentleman should have travelled out of his way to
cast imputations of the character the House had
just heard, and forgetful also of the high dignity
winch that occasion demanded, suddenly descend
ed from tne lofty eminence he had bo lately reached   |
Mr C would permit himstlf to go no further than (
to disclami every imputation which the gentleman i
had thiown out of a desire on his (Mr. C ) part
u connect the war with France with the Bank of
the United States     He was no longer an enemy (i
to the bank, in the sense in which the gentleman ,
seemed to refer to it   As it regarded anothei ques-
tion which the gentleman thought proper to al ude
to viz- Mr. C.'selection as chairman of the Com- ¡
ramee on Foreign Affairs, the language used by .
t><e gentleman was not authorized by the fact ]
The gentleman stated that Mr. C. was made chair- i
maa by his own vote, surely he could not have I
meant that Mr. C. voted for himself, because he |
must have been aware of the contraiy, and was
made aware of it at the time when he first made
the statement                                                          ,
With legaid to pirty, Mr C. could assure the ¡
gentleman ñora Massachusetts, and eveiy other
member of the House, that he had not the slight-
est desire to make this a parly question, and ne
trusted it never would be so made He would
also further assure the House, that whether they
should adopt one or all the resolutions, or proposed
any modification, which he deemed compatible
with the dignity, the honor, and the interests of
the country, he would most willingly and cheer-
fully join with them. He hoped to see^one senti-
ment perv
for the con
pervade all u«,.,~     ----------       ,     •   ,    „     .
the papers from the North and fiom the South
noi was it confined to Administration presses, but
the papera of all paities seemed inspired with one
sentiment. Again Mr C disclaimed the insin
uation that had been thiown out that be was
actuated bv considerations of party.
Mr  COULTER said that this debate seemed
likely to be wandeung somewhat unpropitiously
thirds
Mr COULTER 3aid they would approach the
subject with more calmness in the morning, and
he made the motion he intimated above
The subject was further discussed by Messrs.
MERCER, BURGES,BR!GGS,BE4,RDSLEY,
PINCKNEY, HUBBARD, MARSHALL. Mc-
KENNAN,STEWART,I a ADAMS,GREN-
NEL,COULTER, ARCHER,and WHITTLE-
SEY-
Mr. BEARDSLEY moved to strike out that
part of the motion to commit.   Negatived—yeas
110, nays 111
Mr. LYTLE moved to reconsidei the vote. l_,ost
—yeas 111, nays 1Í3
The question on Mr Cooltfp s motion was
further discussed by Messrs CLAY, E EVER-
ETT, REED, and SPEIGHT, and it was adopted
—ye&s 116, nays 107
ORDKRS OF THE DAY.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the
day, and acted upon avanety of bills, a full report
of which will appear m our next, and the House
was still in session when our paper went to press
The queetiun was then taken on the amend-
ment offered by Mr Beardsley, and decided in
the negative—yeas 110, nays 111
[This vote was fiist announced to be yeas 1U,
nays 110 But the vote of one member having
been erroneously recorded and an error of another
vote having been discovered, the decision was cor-
rected and declared as above ]
Mr. LYTLE moved to reconsider the vote last
Mr EVANS moved to lay this motion on the
taMr MERCER inquired of the Speaker whether
rvade all parties—a desire to do the beat ,i     «i                        ,     the motlon t0 reconsider on
ountiy.    He believed that sentiment did      e propos            ^necessarily include the reso-
al.paíues     He saw itthere, he«- '"J,  *« f^.t.          .   .       ,      __.
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr  EVANS withdrew hie motion
Mr' BEARDSLEY demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider which were
ordered, and were—yeas 111, nays 113
So the House .efused to reconsider the vote.
Mr CLAY was not prepared to adopt the reso-
luuon'offered by thegentleman¡fromPennsylvania
from that kind of dellbeiation which ought to ore-       '   « « ;/,"'^would be product.,, of no
cede a discussion upon so momentous a question  I [Mr. Collt -¡                   ^^     u        |d be
as that now subrai ted for consideration    He was    good at   his pe        ^ ^^ ^^ wouW
eislative tnancnes ot i™ "™"l7  ,------■-------;
whose movements might prejudice the peace and
prosperity of fou.teen millions of human beings
They were, unfortunately, so situated, that every
step they took might, by exasperating pude and
Btirnno- up the human passions, be raising up
obstacTes between friends, where no obstacles
ought to exist. Every step they took might have
apiejudiual and most unfortunate bearing upon
tinns of the committee-----------
and adopted or rejected     As the report and reso-
fut.ons would come up '"the morning as thefirst
> unfinished business, (as he was informed by the
Chair, m answer to an inquiry ,)he would move
I to lav the resolution upon the table.
I     Mr E. EVERETT rose to a question of order.
1 He inquired whether, if the resolution be laid on
the table, it would not require a vote of the House
to take up the report and resolution?
After some suggestions by Mr MERCER, the
CHAIR made an affiimative response to the in-
quiry propounded by Mr. Eíerltt.
Mr. CLAY rose to withdraw his motion. He
was not aware of its effect upon the report of the
committee H e hoped the other resolutions offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coul-
ter] would not be adopted. Every member who
had the experience of one or two years in this
House, must be aware if this subject was eent to
a Committee of trie Whole, and was thus placed
beyond the control of the House, it would lead to
an interminable debate He was not opposed to
a full investigation of the question, but he could
not consent, at this late period, to send it to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. REED appealed to the experience of mem-
beis, if a single instance could be found where a
question of 30 much importance was not sent to a
Committee of the Whole. This was a question of
vast importance, and he was surprised that gen-
tlemen,in order to gettime to act on a little private
business, should be willing to dispense with the
investigation of a subject of such grave import,
and which may or may not result in war. A bill
involving the trifling sum of one hundred dollars,
could not be passed, under the rules, without first
going to a Committee of the Whole. Why, then,
should a motion so important as the present be
resisted' It was a question which, it had been
correctly said, should be examined and reex-
amined.
Mr. SPEIGHT desired "to refresh the memory
ofthegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi. Reed,]
who he believed to be a very honest man When
on a former occasion a motion had been made to
commit the force bill, that gentleman could best
tell whether he voted for it. Upon another occa-
sion, when he (Mr. S ) moved to commit the bill
rechaitenng the Bank of the United States, the
gentleman could, if he choose, inform the House
whether or not he favored the motion.
Mr. REED said that as to the votes referred to
by the gentleman, they were upon minor subjects
compared with the one before the House
Mr BEARDSLEY moved a call of the House.
Negatived.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution offered by Mr. Coulter, and
decided m the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 107.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr CLAIBORNE moved to take up and con-
sider the resolution reported by the Commutes of
Elections, relative to the contested election in Ken-
U<Mr.' HUBBARD called for the orders of the
day.
of motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the rule setting
apart this day for the consideration of prirate bills
was suspened—yeas 122, nays 37.
Mr GILMER moved to suspend all the orders
of the day for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the joint resolutions m relation to
an amendment of the Constitution upon the sub-
ject of electing a President and Vice President of
the United States
The motion was negatived—yeas 99, nays 104.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications-
A litter from the Postmaster General, covering
a statement of the net amount of postages received
m each State and Territory for the year 1834;
whfch, on motion o'f Mr. CONNOR, was laid on
tie table, and five thousand extra copies ordered
t0 Abetter film the Postmaster General, transmit-
tmg a statement of the contracts entered into by
trJdepartment for the past year; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed-,
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting aleporfand surveys for railroa s mad,,,jn
nart, between the Mississippi and the Atlantic,
P,',.... i.m „„ the table, and ordered to be
which was laid on the table, and
PUMrdGILMER moved to print two thousand
ext copies of the report, which motion lies over
J one day.
