306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
asked the witnesses to read, or hear read, their
testim ny before it was signed He generally
did so, it the statement was long or complicated
The question was, 1 oelteve, always written down
and lead to the witness, befoie he answeied, and
the answer was always read over to the witness
at.er it was written, before it was passed by, and
1 know there was no case in which a witness was
refused permission to read, or to hear read, his
deposition before he signed it.
1 wish the chanman to say what he understands
to have been the course puisued by the committee
on these subjects.
Mi. GRUNDY remarked that he would state
all he íeeollected upon the two points refeircd to
by the Senator fiom Ono,[Mi Ewing,] and I
can make myself bettei understood by noticing,
in the first place, the. point last named
As chairman of the committee, the form of pro-
ceedings seemed to devolve on me. 1, of course,
when a difficulty presented itself, consulted the
other members.
Tne practice in relation to the examination of a
witness was this- When he presented himself, he
wa& sworn. A question was then put to him by a
member of the commutee Í immediately stated
to the witness that lie was not then to answer, but
might consider what his answer should be, until
the clerk wiote down the question and re d it to
him Aftei the question was wntten and lead by
the cleik, the witness ga\e his answer, which was
wntten down, and read to the witness and the
committee. Afier the testimony of a witness was
gone ihiough, I stated to the witness, that li he
was satisfied with hi"  evidence as lead to him, he
could then sign bis deposition, and if he d d not
feel satisfied, he could have it read to him by the
cleik, or read it himself In some tew instances,
where i was not sure that the answers of the
witness, as wntten, conieyed Ins true meaning, Í
named to the witness that he had belter take the
deposition and lead it over hunsell before he
signed it, and this was sometimes done.
I his practice, as I have stated it, was generally
puisued, and Hiave no lecollec ion of a Uepaituie
from it, in the case of Mr Biovvn. Ot one thing
1 am confident. No witness was ever refused
an opportunity of reading his testimony, if he
requested it
21 As to the opportunity afoided to persons
implicated or affected by testimony taken by the
committee, this was, to my mind, a veiy delicate
«subject To pi event the pioceedings ot the com-
mittee Horn assuming the coaiacter of a trial,
raiher than an inquny,and at the same lime to
piocuie theintioduction of tesuiuony which might
pki' e ttansictions upon then Hue giound, was a
(j.ib|« t of freq lent convcisations among the mem
bers At last it seemed to be undeistood that 1
might aci upon th it sul ject accoidmg to my own
di (.tetion, taking cm e that no impiopei use should
be made ot any communication 1 might make for
the puipo8_ of obtaining the objetts in view
Under the authority cotifeutd on me, 1 did not
feel willing to disclose whatany paitieulai witness
had sworn, but stated, for instance, to Mi Ilee-
stde that the oidfr of the Postmaster General was
to < in y a daily mail from Bedfoid to Washington,
in Pennsylvania, that the department had so paid
for it, that [he proofs taken did not show a | ei-
formance on his part, and if he would name any
witnesses who could establish his perfoi manre,
they should be summoned. And in this way
witnesses were brought foiward and examined
upon seveial cases investigated by the committee
As to Mi Crown's tiansactions with Mr Por
tei, he did intimate a wish to know what had been
sworn by Mr Poriei I stated I did not feel at
libeity to tell him, bui staud ihat 1 intended to
call on him as a witness, and hecould tell all about
it My reasons foi not stating to Mi down
what Mi. Porter had sworn, were, fust, that it
would be disclosing the testimony of a particului
witness, and, second, Mr. Poiter and Mi Brown
were the only persons who had a knowledge of
the transactions, and I thought thesuiest way to
arrive at the truth was to let each give his own
account, without knowing what the other had said
I will further add, that I was present at the
examination of e/eiy witness, whose testimony
was taken by the commutee, dining the whole
investigation.
U h
Mr. SOUTHARD remarked that he hpd a per-
fect recollection that the witness íeferred to [Mr
Brown] did, on more than one occasion, read over
the testimony which he liad given, as it was taken
down by the clerk of the committee, and that he
also did, on one or more occasions, decline reading
it because it had been taken down as he wished it,
and had been read to him. If he did not read
every part of it, ltwashis own fault. He was on
no occasion, in my presence, refused permission
to read it.
This witness was never taken by surprise, so as
to be obliged, on any point, to give an answer
hastily. When he had any hesitation, or desired
to look at books or papers, or refer to the officers
of the department, he was permitted to do so, and
frequently had such permission, and availed him-
self of it, sometimes delaying an answer for one or
two days. And it also sometimes happened that
' e was directed by the committee to make exam-
ination of papers and books, when he had not
expressed any desire to do so.
Mr. ROBINSON said, as a member of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
indisposition had prevented him from being pres-
ent during the whole of the investigation. But
upon no occasion, so far as came within his
knowledge, was any witness denied the privilege
of reading ovei his testimony after it was taken
down by the cleik, before the witness signed it,
and well recollects of many v/nnesses so doing.
Mi. CLAYION said he had warned the mem-
bets of the committee not to suiler the opportuni-
ties which the session offered them to pass, without
their unanimous contradiction, on the floor of the
Senate, of a'lsuch aspersions-upon thern.and mis-
repiesentations of their conduct while engaged in
this investigation, as they had just exoosed He
had heretofore had some expenence of the injus-
tice done to those who engage in such investiga-
tions As a membei of this committee dining
the last session, he hid coneuired in the report of
the majority made near the close of that session,
and afier the rejournment of Congress, he hud
been astonished at the number and enormity of
the misrepiesentations of the parly pi ess sustain
ing the depnitment, artaigning the conduct of the
committee But, sn, said he, at the last session a
committee had been appointed by theoi/icr Ilouie,
to kc\ imine the matter we hid inquired of while
the Semite's committee was also directed to pro-
ceed with their investigation; and, though grossly
induced and ulumuiated as the committee was
pending the last elections, by thepaity newspaper
piess, foi what had been done, yet I was content
to beai this abuse at the time, believing that justice
would eventually be done to us by an honest pub-
lic, when the íesultof the examinations of all par
ties should be fauly communicated to that public
Our íeport has been itexamined, and the result
has been, that the different committees have now
camel tl eir condemnation of the conduct and
management of this depaitment, far beyond the
point at which we had armed last yeai, by that
investigation, for which we weie so gtossly calum-
niated by a pouion of the newspaper pi ess What
has been the consequence to tho.>e who made the
last reports' Sir, even the moj irity of the com
niittee in the o'her House, composed as it was
of the polmcil friends of the Executive, had no
sooner presented their íeport, condemning the
outiageous misconduct of the Post Office Depart
ment, than an attempt was made to denounce that
mijouiy, and the tonclusions to which the hon-
orable gentlemen who thus repotted, had amved,
wete also dec' ired to be the i esults of party disci-
pline and paity «pint Yes, sir, thevciymen,
who, it was confidently declared last year, would
expose our mors, have confiimed oui ju Igment,
and though leluc'aotly driven to this íesu't, a
por'ion of the pi ess has denounced them also as
acting meiely from paity motives ' What justice
then have my fiiendson this committee, appointed
by a persecuted Senate? to expect from such
sources ' Sir, I wai n them again that the blood-
hourds of the political kennel, which is maintained
on the spoils of viUoiy, will be let loose on their
trail, the moment they shall leave this city, and
forego for six months longer an opportunity of
exposing every falsehood against them wnich is
no w hatched or undergoing the process of incuba
tiou.    Let them stand on the aleit, and insult to
their associates on the committee, as well as every
other source withm their reach, for a justification
of their course, while they have an opportunity to
do so. The moment the session closes, leave
them poweiless and defenceless, while they pre-
sent a shining maik for the envenomed shafts of
the most rancorous and dangerous of all party
spirit—that party spirit, sir, which contends for
pay.
COMMUNICATION FROM WAR DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the War Department, transmitting a list
of the persons employed in the Indian depart-
ment under the act of 30th June last, for the year
1834 Also, a report of Mr Peatherstonhaugh,
who was charged with making a mineralógica!
and geological survey of the southwestern terri-
tory.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making appro-
priations for certain roads, and examinations, and
surveys for the year 1835.
Mi. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported, without amendmert, the
bill to establish a surveyor general's office in Illi-
nois and Indiana.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill fiom the House for
the erection of a dry-dock for the naval service
Mr 10ML1NSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House
granting pensions to Joseph Mead and William
Lawrence, and reported that the bill granting a
pension to Elizabeth Swain, and to, restore to
certain invalid pensionéis the amount of pensions
by them relinquished, ought not to pass
j Mi. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill making an ap-
propriation foi the support of the penitentiary <f
the District.
Also, the bill to extend the charter of the Fire
I Insurance Company of Alexanilna;
!     Also, a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Wilson,
Ann C  Wilson, and Malinda A  Campbell,
|     Also, a bill to organize the several fire compa-
nies in the District, and
Also, a bill concerning theOrphans' court of the
county of Washington
1     Mr   BLACK^ from ihe Committee on Private
Land Claim's, reported unfavorably upon the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Jacob Smith
He also reported a bill tor the relief of the heirs
of Wilham P Hard
Mr LEIGH, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported a bi'l to extend the patent of Robert East-
man.
Mr SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Claims,
reported the bill from the House for the relief of
Sarah II  B Stith
Mr SOUTHARD, from the Naval Committee,
leported the bill from the House for the relief of
Elizabeth Mays, without amendment.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mi WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill from tne House making
appropriations foi the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1835, with
sundry amendments
Mr. WEBSTER moved to take up the bill and
agree to those amendments, to which he supposed
there could be no objection, and leave otheis pro-
posed by the committee, which were to stuke out
certain diplomatic appropriations, which might
give rise to discussion, until progress had been
made in its engrossment
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and the amendments reported by
the committee were severally agreed to.
Mi CLAY, by instruction of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, offered an amendment ap-
propnating $1,300 to pay John Randolph Clay,
United States charge to Prussia, the amount found
to be due him upon a reinvestigation of his ac-
counts. Also, £5,015 62 to Nathaniel Niles, late
chaigc to Trance, being an amount found to be
due him on the settlement of his accounts The
amendment was agreed to, and the bill was then
laid on the table.
