308                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED_____________February 28,
politics with himself, while others disavowed the
intent on of making jobs.
Mr BENTON resumed . Good1 The honorable
gentleman would do something here countervail-
=n<* what was done elsewnere He (Mr B.) would
wash foul linen for no party in the world, if cor-
ruption exists among partisan printers, and the
gentleman denounces it, and they are sustained by
corrupt jobs, we will not countenance it. He (Mr.
B ) came here in 1820, and the printing went on
then as it did previously,and, therefore, he did not
inquire into it As regards the argument derived
from the great expenses of the person whom the
gentleman proposed to elect, what is it but an ar-
gument in favor of perpetuity of office' If he has
made his calculations upon the perpetuation of his
party, is that our concern' He was elected for
two years and he has kept it, and it is nat our
affair' If his large establishment bhall be paraded
before us again next year, Mr B said he should
pay no attention whate* ei to it And if gentlemen
will put an officer upon the next Senate, not ac-
ceptable to them, it will be the duty of the next
Senate to vindicate itself It is time for gentlemen
to take warning now
Mr. PRESTON said he could not permit the
honorable gent'eman from Missouri to put him in
a position to defería eithei here or elsewheie what
he did not defend—he knew nothing at all about
this land document. And if jobs have been ina-
pt nperly given, ihe gentleman would not be moie
prompt than he was to c irrect it. Nor did he
s-iy thatcoiruption would beat him out in coirup-
tion Mr P said wherever it existed, he was its
enemy Bit if ihe political com| ltxion of the
bemue be changed, who will gentlemen elect as
then pnntei' A man opposed to the Executive'
JSfo. The gentleman says, each House has ihe
right to appoint its own officers, under the Con-
stitution Certainly it has But it is competent
foi both Housed to fix ceitain pnnci| les by which
sjcn appomimeiiis ¡.hall be legnluted, and that
has been done fur this case He was in favor of
n national punting i fficf But it was useless to
think of it now—there wus not tune 10 matute and
effect such a thing at the piesent session
The question being on pioieeding to the elec-
tion, it was decided in the ufiiimative by the fol-
lowing vo'e.
YC.ls—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
CUy, CUyion, Ewinsc, Fiebnghuysen, GoltNbo-
lou^h, II'!idiiclt ,Iv.cnl, Knight, Lugh, Vlangum,
Mnoie, Npudain, PoinJextet, Pienuss, Pieston,
Uolibins, Silsbei , Smith, Southtud, Swift, Tom
Union, Tylei, Webstei—27
NilVb—VI i as s Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Cu libeit, Giundy, Hill, Kane, King cf Geoigm,
Jjinn, M Keen, Moms, Robinson, Rungles,
fsliepley, lallnnd^e, I iptnn, White, Wi [¿hi—18
1 hi  Vnule then pioceedcd to ballot for pnntei,
when the folio mg was the lesult
G i es & Seaion....................12
Blair.........................2
D IFGuci............................I)
Bl hi \, Rives....................17
Gieei..........................2
No person having received a nujotity~\>f the
wb le i umbei of votes,
Mi   BENTON mowd to postpone the subject
to the fust day oí next session, ai d on thai quts
Hon demanded  the  yeas and  nays, whiih weie
oideiel, and the qiitstion was detei mined in the
ne^^uve by a vote ul—yeas 18 nay   23, is follows
YC \S—Messrs    B-ntor,   Bi iwn,   Buchanan,
Cuitibtii, Giundy, Hill, Kane, K ng of Geoigi i,
Linn,   M<K>an,   Moms,   Robinion,   Ru^gles
fen-pie v, li Mmidge, Tipton, White, Wright—18
NAYS—Messrs    Bell, Bibb, Black, Gilhoun,
Cay,   Cmy'on,   Ewimj,   i i eln ghu/s< ti,  G Ido
boioujh, Hen huks, K ni, Knight, Leigh, Mwi
gum, Vloore, ÍNr> ud in , Poind ex tei, Poitei, Pien-
uss, Pieston. Robbins, Silsbec, Soulhaid, Swift,
Tomunso,!, Tyler, Wa.'eaman, Webster—28
The Senate tnen balloted eignt times success-
ively without effecting a choice. The ballots
weie as fill ins
Mr POINDEXTER then suggested thatit must
be seen by every Senator that we could not elect a
printer row. He would not make a motion, but
he thought we had bettet postpone the matter til!
Morday next.
The Senate then balloted five times successively,
without making a choice. The ballots weie as
follows:
' 10th. 11th. 12 h. 13th   14th.
Gales & Seaton......22     23      20     22     22
Blan & Rives>........17      13        9      16     15
Duff Green..........9       6      17       7       8
Blanks..............0       0        0       0       1
Mrs Royall.........   0       10       0       0
William A. Rind.....0       2       2       12
Mr. WRIGHT then moved that the subject be
indefinitely postponed, and on the question, de-
manded the yeas and nays, which were ordered,
and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Giundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, McKean, Morris, Robinson,
Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, White,
W right—18
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Clay, Clay-
ton, C'uthbeit, Ewine, Frelinghuysen, Goldsbo-
rough, Hendncks, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Man-
gum, Moore, Naudam, Poindexter, Poner, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Robbins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard,
Swift, Tomlinson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster—
29
So the question of postponement was disagreed
to
The Senate then balloted three times moie,
when it appeared that Gales & Seaton received a
majority of the whole number of votes, and they
weie accordingly declared duly elected The bal-
lotmgs weie as follows:
15th. 16th 17th
Gales* Seaton................22     23     27
Blan & Rives..................14     16     14
DuffGteen.....................7       6       3
William A. Rind...............3       2       2
Blank..................-._......1       0       0
Mr BIBB then moved to rescind the joint rule
which piohibits the transmission of bills from one
House to the other, on the same day.
After some opposition from Mr EW1NG and
Mr. WEBSTER, the motion was laid on the
table, upon a division—aves 21, noes 13
On motion of Mr KING, ot Alabama, the Sen-
ate at four o'clock took a recess till half past five

21  31
4'h
5th
Gh
7th
8th
9 h
Gales & Seaton
13   10
1C
17
18
19
20
18
Blair & Rives..
16   H
17
IJ
16
14
J 3
1')
Duff Green...
la   15
13
11
10
11
9
10


Ü
0
0
0
0
0
Mis   Royall  .
. 0    1
1
1
2
1
4
1
EVENING SESSION
The following bills from the House were read
twice, and ordered to be engrossed and lead a
thud time
A bi I to continue in force for one year an act
provid ng for certain invalid soldiers of the revolu-
lioniny war,
A bill foi the relief of John Stilli;
A bill foi the lelief of Heniy Oxford;
A bill authoi i£ing the superintendent of Indian
affurs at fca  Lotus, to employ a clerk,
A bill for the lelief of ihe heirs and legal rep
lesen'atives of Bally C   Clark,
A bill fur the relief of Rirhaid D   Archer,
A I ill authorizing the City Council of St Augus
tine, in PI inda, to widen a stieel,
A bill authorising the Sect etdry of State to issue
letters patent to James Jon°s,
A resolution tineitingngold medal in eommem-
oiation of the battle of the Cuwpens, to be struck
at the Mint of the United States,
A bill amending an act for the constiuction of a
budge acioss ti e Potoina",
A bill authoi ¡zing tht Govei nor of Michigan to
sell cfr'ain lands be'onging to the Univeisity of
lhat Tern'ory
A bill for toe removal oC the land office from
W'pnl ltonella, to Luna, in the Stfte of Ohio,
A bid for the relief of Geoige Duff,
A bill for the rel ef of Robert Abbott, and the
heirs of Jaiies Abbot', deceased,
A bill foi the relief of Men in P Mix,
A bill for the relief of E R. Slmbnck, of the
United States Navy,
A bi'l for the lelief of Matthew C  Peny.
A bill authoi iztng the issuing of letters patent
to Piañas B   Ogder,
A bill for the íelief of Sutton Stevens,
A bill foi the relief of Shubael Conant;
A bill for the íehef of Thomas Hubeit;
A bill for the lelief of William Haskell, and
others,
A bill prescribing the punishment of consuls and
commercial agents,
A bill for the relief of Stephen Smith and others;
A bill for the relief of John Cullins;
A biri for the relief of Amasa A   Tifft;
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds,
A bill for the relief of Isaac Janvier,
A bill for the relief of Simeon Meachum;
A bill to change the time of holding the district
court in the western district of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of David Kmeaid;
A bill for the relief of Theodore Owens;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Aaron Smith,
A bill for theielief of Job Barton;
A bill for the relief of Riddle, Becktel, and
others,        v
A bill to refund certain duties to Richard But-
man, of the schooner Brandy wine;
A bill for the íehef of the legal representatives
of Thomas Clement,
A bill for the relief of John J Avery;
A bill for  he relief of Nathaniel Tyler; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Butler.
REPORTS FROM JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mi. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill from the House author-
izing the district court for the District of Colum-
bia, to hold special sessions for the trial of crimi-
nals;
A bill for ihe removal of the district court from
Natchez, to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi,
was-read a second and third time, and passed.
The above bills were afterwards read a third
time, and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills were read, and laid on the
table-
A bill for the relief of Charles Caldwell;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hunt;
A bill for reviving an act in favoi of the officers
and soldiers of the Virginia line, in the ¡evolu-
tionary war,
A bill for the relief of James Tuttle;
A bill for the relief of Commodoie Isaac Hull;
and
A lull for the relief of Samuel H  Doxey.
The following bills were indefinitely postponed:
A bill for the íehef of Josiah Westlake,
A bill for the relief of JohrrDah!;
A bill for the relief of William Slacum,
A bill foi the relief of David Weaver,
A bill foB-the relief of John Hernck,
A bill for the relief of Job Wood,
A bill foi the relief of James Young   and
A bill for the relief of William O'Neal and
Robert Morris were each read three times and
passed
fac simile op Washington's accounts.
The bill making provisions for printing the fae
simile accounts of General Washington was laid
on the table—15 to 13
ANDREW ARMSTRONG.
The  Committee  on   Naval  Affairs  were dis-
charged  from   the  further consideration  of the
papéis of Andrew Armstrong
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCFD.
The following resolutions were offered:
By Mr BEN TON
liesohed, l'hat the Secretary of State be di-
lected to report a plan with an estimate of the
expense, at the commencement of the next Con
gre'ss, for establishing a punting office and book
bindery at the seat of Government, to do all the
punting for the two Houses of Congress, and for
all the depai tments of the Government, Post Office
included
By Mr SMITH:
Rcsolud, That the Secretary of the Senate be
and is hereby authorized to employ Samuel S Os-
good, of Boston, Massachusetts.to paint a portrait
of Lafayette from the full length in the House
of Repiesentatives, coriespondmg to the one of
| George Washington, by Peale, | rovided that the
' co^tofthe same does not exceed the sum of—;------
