314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
try 10 a state of defence. As, however, this leso-
lution was abandoned, he was willing to vote for
the moJiiied resolution of the chanman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Cambre-
llnc.J and he would do this with cheerfulness,
because the concluding sentence of the resolution
was the same language used in the closing para-
graph of theiepoitot the minority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. C. le't no apprehension fiom the phantoms
of the member from Rt.oJe i&iand, [Mi. Borges.]
The amount stipulated to be paid by Fiance to
Ameucan citizens was justly due Could the
American Government, in gocd faith to her citi-
zens, ever negotiate again with Fiance on this
subject' Would Fi anee or the Chamber cf Depu-
ties ever agree to pay a la.ge mm' It had been
contended in tne French Ciiambcis, that this sum
should be reduced and cut down. This could not
be done. We must insist upon the execution of
the treaty as it is. [low was this to be done? We
must proclaim and insist upon it, fiom the good
faith of France; and if this considtiaaon would
not answer the execution of the treaty, we must
rtt>oit to commeicisl re&tnctions It was useless
to open a new negotiation, afiei the failure to ex-
ecute an engagement solemnly enteied into under
the gieat seal of Fiance liow could this Gov-
ernment approach and abk oí the King a icnewal
of this negotiation, when, by his own admission
and acknowledgment, the su.n st.oulated m a
tuimei treaty was justly due to tne cnizens of
this Government' We should certainly encounter
no great hazaid by insisting on th" payment of a
sum of money adimued to Le ]usdy due us,
France would tun illy, upon such a pie^ence, seize
upon our commeioiai m irme ci moled oui fleet
in the Medueuanean. She would scaicely go to
war upon any such frivolous consijeiaiion
Mi 0 said there were tv.o ways in which our
jastclaims mightbe prejudice. The first was by
pursuing a vehement and iash line of conduct, and
the other by adopting a tame, pass. ve,and quiescent
couise, and submitting to evei y thing. We mut>t
either come up to the encumstance ot the case or
lag bemnd them. "We had caintd our part of this
tieaty into effect. France lad not. Why then
should weiefiam from an expression of u decided
opinion on the subject' Shoulu this House evade,
bnouid it lag behind tne question' Since the powei
of Fiance had been urged as persuasions against
our acting, he, for one, was disposed, with more
alacrity than before, to meet tne question, and to
act finnlyand decisively, lie was the hist man
who would be disposed causelessly to jeopaid the
peace of the count! v. lie was still in favor of a
middle couise. lie wished to come up to the
cusís—to meet it fully, but ne was not in favor of
going ahead, or of i emaunuu behind thecnsis.
Vai lous questions had been mooted in the courre
of the debate, which «'ere not necessai ily involved
in the subject before tí e House. The question
was not, whether or not we should go to sir It
was certainly not just cause of censure, that we
should insist upon "the payment ot a claim which
was admitted by the h>t,h lunctionanes of Fiance.
After adverting to the position in which Fiance
would place herself m theey^s ol civilized Euiupe
by a lcfusal to comply with the stipulations of
the treaty,and the ^iain whiji she would thereby
ini'.^t upon her national powei, &c Mr. C. con-
cluded, by exptessing a hope, 'hat tne lesoluuon
proposed by the gentleman hom New York would
p.evail
Mi Cnir/rorsr sii I thpt if the ¡Inee bst woids
of the modified lesolufon, to wit, "at alt liazai ds,"
weie stiicl.en out, he and many of tnose aiound
him, would support the resolution. He hoped
that the resolution would be thus modified.
Mr. J. CI ADAMS said hecould notacceptthe
amendment pioposed by the gentleman last up.
It was for the sake of harmony and unanimity
that lie had consented to accept the mod'ficauon
of the gent'eiian from Few Yoik, [Mr. Cibibke-
i ln'g ] fie now rose to say, that¡i the resolution
as modifiel was not accepnb'e to a majority, he
would nxtie that the question be taken on his
iesohition as ongmaUy pioposed He stated the
diffeienre between the two pioposmors. The
¡evolution of 'he gentlerm r> from New York per-
fectly accorded \ikíi his feelings. His own propo-
sition was, how eve., less harah in its termj.
Mr. E EVERETT said he understood that an
express had just arrived in the city, which pioba-
bly brought additional mtel'igence from Fiance.
He thought the House had better take a recess
until seven o'clock, ('t ben g then after six o'clock,
p. m ) He moved that the committee use for
this purpose.
The motion was agreed to—yeas 87, nays 82
The committee then rose.
[The foregoing embiaxts only an outline of the
debate, which
upied   the   House from eleven
o'clock a. m   to hah past six p. m ]
Mr. E. EVERETT moved that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock
ASSAULT ON MR.  EWIISG,  OF INDIAISA.
A motion vv is then made to at']ourn, but with-
drawn at the request of the SPEAKER, who laid
befoie the House the following letter from Mr.
Ewing, of Indiana:
>                                      Wvhivgton City,
Ftbiuanj 28(4 1835
To the Sjiei.l er cj the Home, aj Hep e^entatives:
Sir- My situation compels me to apologize to
the House, and thiough >oti, to my constituents,
for my ab-ence licm my seat. While on my
way to my bonding house, after the adjournment
on the evening of the 26 n instant, 1 was way-
laid, and assaulted 11 the trust outiageous and
dastaidly mannei by John F Lane, a lieutenant
m tne army and son of the Hon A Lame, of
Indiana, fur no othei known cause than foi woids
spoken in debite some week  since, m leply to
his father on the floor of the House of ttepresent-
at.vts
1 had but a casual acquaintance with the person
nho committed this outiage, and no Mteicouise
whatever with him to had to this . ssault. A
blow fiom an iron cane wi h a leaden head, ac-
compar led the n &t no'ice of his intention to at-
tack me, and was lepeated by seveiul others, with
a violent e \vl k!i I icgiet to say, at this important
and piessi )g ¡icra d of the so^iy^ |->as eutuely
disabled me from liking my seel.
I have the honoi to be, sir, yout obedient ser-
vant,                                             JNO. EV\ 1NG.
Mr II1ESTCR moved to lay the communica-
tion on the table
Mr. MAYstid he understood that the President
of the United States had oideied an inquiry into
this subject.
Mr. HIESTER.at the request of several mem-
beis, vvitl diew his motion.
Mr. COULDiN doubted the propuety of insti-
tuting an ii quay on the part of tne House, if one
was already pi ogressing in anothei quaitei-------
Mr. ÍCINNAiíD lose to a question of oider.
The gentleman iiom Vnstnia [Mi. Boclbi\t] was
speaking of an mquny when none was demanded
by his colleague He had in his letter done what
he had a perfect light to do—apologized to the
House ami his consti'uents fo>* his absence at this
inteiestir.g period of the session. He had assigned
the cause which prevented his attendance. But
lie asked no inquiry; nor did he ask or desire the
protecioti oí the House. Mr. K would say for
his colleague that he was prepared and willing, on
fair terms, with any equal and honorable antago-
nist, to piotectand 'le end himself. Mi.K. wou'd
leave to othei members of more expenence than
himself to pioposesucn measures as might irsure
to tiie const tuents of a member his services on
this floor, if, in the estima'ion of this House,
theie h id been a breach of its pnvileges, and of
the lights of one of its membeis.
Mr. IIANNEG VN offered a lesolution for the
appointment of a select committee of seven mem-
beis, to mvest'gate the facts of the a'leged assault,
and that the sime be reported to the House.
Mi. BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution, which were
ordered.
Mi. CLAYTON moved on adjournment.
On this motion Air MERCER asked for the
yeas and nays.    Ordered.
Mi   CL \ YTON withdrew the motion.
Mr. C   P   WHirC renewed it.
Mr. W'SE demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 42, nays 156.
So the Flou^e refused to adjourn.
Mr HIESTER íenewed the motion to lay the
resolution and communication on the table. Ne -a-
tived—yeas 67, nays ¡28.
A debate oí some length, and much animation,
ensutd on the adoption of the reso'uhnn. It was
opposed by Mr POLK,and advocated by Messrs
HARDIN, HAMNEGAN.and EVANS, when
Mr STEWART moved the pi evious question;
which was seconded, ?nd agreed to.
The question being grithe adoption of the reso-
lution,
Mr. REED demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordeied, and weie—yeas 127, nays 63.
So the resolution was agreed to
Mr CAMBRELEiNG moved that the House
again go into committee on the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Aflairs
Mr RENCH ER moved an adjournment; winch
carried—ayes 114, noes not counted.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
MovdV, Maich 2, 1835.
M>\ RUGGLES piesented a joint lesolution of
the Legiclatuie of Maine, approbatory of the
couise of the Piesident of the United States in
i elation to (he Bank of the United States, and
instructing the Senatois fiom that State to use
their exei iions to have the resolutions of last ses-
sion, condemnatoiy of the President, expunged
from the Journal ot the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by the hands of Mr Donelsok,
his Private Secretary, communicating the cone-
spondence and instructions given to the pitsent
Minis'er to Spain, in pursuai ceof the resolutions
of the Senate of the 2J and 17th ultimo.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, fiom the Committee on Fi-
nance, repoi ted the bill from the House making
appropriations foi payment of Indian annuities
for the yeai 1835, with sundry amendments.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
the several amendments were agreed to
Mr. TIPTON offeied an amendment appro-
priating $612 to defray the expenses of Captain
Jewttt, commandant of Fort Armstrong, on the
Mississippi, the amount due him on account of
two suits prosecuted against him for seizing a
quantity of aident spiuts smuggled into the In-
dian country in violation of the act of 1802, to
regulate trade and inteicourse with the Indian
trioes. The amendment was agreed to, and the
bill was reported to the Senate as amended. The
bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and was
afterwards read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr S1LSBEE, the Committee on
Commeice had leave to sit during the sitting of
the Senate.
Mi. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House,
giantmg pensions to Thomas Ball and Colonel
Demel Newnan, without amendment, and that
the bill gianung a pension to William C. Beard:
oughunot to pass.
On motion of Mr FORTER, the Committee
on Private Land Cla.ms weie discharged fiom the
further consideration of the petition of the heirs
of J   B  Macaity
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. POINDEXTER offeied a resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Senate to supply
the members of the Sena'e with the volumes of
Gales & Seaton's Registei of Debates which "have
been published since the last distribution, and
a^ked the consideiation of the iesohition at this
time.
As the motion required unanimous consent—
Mr. HILL objected.
Mr. FRCLINUHUYSEN suggested that the
gentleman could obtain his object by moving the
consideia'ion of a resolution lying on the taole.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the Senate
took up for consideiation the resolution reported
by the Library Committee, directing the Secre-
tary to furnish those membets of the Senate who
have taken their seats during the present session,
with Gales & Seaton'á Rigister of Debates.
Mi. BENTON opposed  the motion, and de-
