1 o35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
favor of the strongest expression of opinion pro-
posed He contended as a. point which had not
been dwelt upon by any of those who had preceded
hira, that theie was no propriety in waiting for
the French Chamber of Deputies to reject the aD-
propriation for indemnity under the treaty, as that
body had aheady once rejected it Should we
wa't for a reoetition of the wrong befjre we sought
redress.? He urged that the French Government
had throughout treated the subject with insincerity
and injustice
[Mi    A 's remarks will be published in full
hereafter ]
Mi LOVE was understood to be opposed to
the adoption of any resolutions; for before the re I
su|t of the deliberations of that House could be
known at Pans, the French Chamber of Deputies '
wul have finally acted upon the subject. He saw
no utility in passing either the resolutions or the
amendment, because he believed there was but
one sentiment pervading the whole country upon ¡
this sub¡ect, and that sentiment was that they
would abide by the treaty. However we mi"ht
d ffcr as to our opinions, and the manner in which
our views should be carried out, he was v/ell '
assured that the opinion was general that we
should abide by the Chief Magistrate, in asserting
what was due to the honor and dignity of the na- |
tion The best time to express our opinions
would be when theappiopriation should be a«ked
for, aid he should then express himge'f in a much
stronger manner than now Al! proceedings now
wete incipient He should be willing to vote for
any sum that the organ of the Executive and that
II luse should deem necessary to anpropnate for
the pin, lose of enforcing ¡ustice The resolutions
bf Tore the House were idle, and a mere consump-
tion of time He was for taking a ground that
should at once show the world what we intended
to Jo                                                                               ,
M'   L  took that occasion also to sav that he
dissented totally from the opinion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr  Adams,] that the
course of our Minister to Pans had merited entire
approb-tion, by remaining in that Metropolis after
be hid been notified that his passports wee íepdy
for mm     Mr   L  thought, on the contrary, that
his conduct on that occasion was lather of the i
character which he regretted to designate as dast- I
aully and cowardly, and such as the country ought I
not to submu to     He thought our Minister should
have acted very differertly, and he was borne out
in this oniiiion by the Pie&ident himself, who in-
forms him " that he should have felt no surpnae,
and certainly would have expressed no displeas-
uie, had you yielded to the impulse of national I
piiue and at once have quitted Tiance, with the I
who'e legation, on the receipt of the Count de I
RgiyS note of the 13 h January "                         '
Mi L said he consilered t'^e notification sent
to Mr Livingston as a ditect insult, and that that
Minister would have better cons-dered the honor
and digni y of the country by m&tant departure
out of the country. A strange reason was as-
signed <"or hio not having done so, that he ought
not to leave Paris on account of the expense of
bieakmg up the delegation ' What an e\traor-
i'imiy Te?«on for the Minister of this great coun-
try' lie himself invites a war message, and when
he leones i', he is governed by the construction
p u upca it by the newspaper^ ' So when a gen '
tl m\n is oidered out of the house, he is to leply,
" I will not take thehiat'" Was there an Amei- f
lean in the world who would thus hi'e acted'
Mi L fuul.er condemned the condjet of Mr
Lmng ton, and sud he was not for war, if it could
lie avoided, pertiuilaily with our ancient friend
and illy He h«d a veneration for hei people,
. I'nou^-h herould not say much tbout liei piesent
Ivn -, but he lemembeied with giatitude and ven-
trvin tl.it King who aided us in effecting otu
n (le| endeiue He would nevei fight France for
money, it would be mercenaiy, and S"th a one
ts he hoped vould never be heard urging on our
se unen to \ictoi y                                                         '
Mi   McDDWELL MOORE said it was true >
that  one Cnambei  of Deputies could  not bind (
ano her, and even if they had paid nine outof ten
ninthie#s, they might w ithold  the tenth,  but
then they must take the corre-) lences     He must
h ild the I lench nation as responsible fc. toe acts j
ot the Iivccuuvt oe Fiance    He ' eld that the h
moment the treaty was made by the treaty making
Power, the nation was bound by it. It the Ex-
ecutive had transcended its powers, or had made
a treaty founded in gross injustice, the Chamber
might then justly refuse to ratify it, but the one
under consideration was of a different character.
He was not for plunging the country into a war
heedlessly and precipitately; but if it was ascer-
tained that France had resolved not to pay the
debt, he would stop short of nothing that became
the honor and dignity of the country. He cared
not about the power of France, if the honor de-
manded the contingency, let it be met, the greater
the disparity the greater the g,ory He was for
insisting for a full and prompt execution of the
treaty. Mr M concluded by reading a resolu-
tion he intended to propose to that effect.
Mr   EVANS addressed the House at some
length m reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Allen,] and upon the general question.   He was
opposed to any hostile measures, and was in favor
of the resolution proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia,  [Mi.  Archer]    He considered this
resolution as the most pacific and proper to be
adopted on the occasion.    He entered into a his-
tory of the treaty with France     He hoped that
the House would avoid any declarations predicated
upon a contingency which might never happen
He contended that the present difficulty was attri-
butable principally to the menaces held by the
President in his last annual message.   This mes-
sage, he conceived, presented the chief obstacle I
to an amicable adjustment of th'S question.    He
contended that there was po consideration which J
called for any action on the part of Congress, :
until the decision of the French Chambers should ¡
be ascertained                                                              |
Ml SUTHERLAND agreed with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lttle] that the Fiench
Government had no right to take umbrage at the
message of the President. She w?!> the aggressor,
and the President had done no more than his duty
m presenting the subject to Congress in the light
in which he viewed it. Mi S said, he highly
respected the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr Ev erett] who addressed the House
this morning. He was about to retire from Ins
legislative duties, ani would leave it with the
esteem of all parties, and not least for his mild,
moral, and liberal views which he entertained upon
the question under consideration, yet he regretted
the feeling in which that gentleman had reflected
on the course of the President. He was the head of
our Government, discha-gmg its functions in the
spiutof duty, and as such commanded our respect
and support
Fiance had entered into an engagement with us,
and had failed to fulfil her saeied  pledges.    It
became the duly of the President to present the
facts to us, with his own views of them.    He
had  done so with candor, d'gnity, aid firmness. .
It had been mged t'iat the PiesiJent acted under |
the undue influence of our Minister to Prance, |
(Mr  Livingston )   Such an influence had never,
existed     The Chief Magistiate was bound to lay
all tl e facts before the county     It was requned '
that the treaty on our pait should  be sanctioned
by oui Senate   This was done, and when France
was advised of that fact, why did she not confirm '
it on her p rt5    Mi. S  said emphatically that I
Trance mtis' pay this stipulated indemnity, and
when he said she mast, he indicated the relative
position in which the Uvo nations stood     ft was
a contract winch mUu.t be fulf'led, ai d few in this
country would  be fourd recreant >i sipport of
that posiuon.    He deemed it totally unnecessary
to say "at all h.zirds.'Me cared not for the
words, when he said s^e mu<f, he said a 1     The
present penod was distinguished  fnr its pacific
policy     By ihis expie«bion of o ir opinon, we
¡summon  Trance before the cruized woild, and
public opinion would stump its veto on the whole
couise rf her fligrant np.stice towards us     She
had taken with avidity all the advantages secured ,
to her by tl e treaty, in the mtioduction of her
wines and silks, but when you come to the indem-1
mty, that is the pecumaiy pait of the treaty, and
cannot be earned into effect by her Deputies',
Tne French derive about half a million of dollars 1
in  her commerce, ($200 000 on her wines, and I
about .,300,000 on her silks,) on the strength of i
the treaty, and thui íefuse to fulfil their part of I
the contract. How could Trance look us or the
world m the face, with groes injustice branded
upon her fame? We had been'told that we had
nothing to do with national honor' It was the
first time he had ever heard that strange doctrine
promulgated. He would tell the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] that there was in thrs
country a strong and unconquerable spirit of
national pride; not, indeed, the spirit that'cieated
strife between crowned heads, but that elevated
policy which wojtld induce us propeily and
promptly to meet every emergency in which the
honor of a country or an individual could be
involved The people of this country would insist
on the fulfilment of the treaty to the uttermost
letter It was right that they should do so; for if
it were in'"racted with impunity, every puny Gov-
ernment in Christendom would turn up its nose
with scorn and contempt at our system of passive
obedience and non resistance. He did not believe
there was a man in this countiy who would go to
war for the paltry sum of five millions in contest.
No; it was the honor and dignity of our national
character that prompted the patriotic feeling which
pervaded the community. Much had been said
of the blood that was to be shed in this contest.
He did not believe that any blood was to be shed;
but if it was, it would be better to meet the crisis
like men, than to crouch like slaves.
Mr. CLAYTON said the House were acting
upon a report of the Committeeon Foreign Affairs,
founded upon information furnished by the Pres-
ident of the United States Now, if they weieto
act upon reports of newspapers, or to travel out
of the record, they would be acting in a manner
unbecoming the dignity of the subject. He ob-
served, also, that it was not those who spoke the
loudest who were the most brave, and it generaly
happened that the wai party in peace were the
peace party in war They should also remember
that they themselves would never be called upon
to face a gun, and they weie in the situation of
waging war for others. Mr C. contended that
there was no necessity for it What was the pres-
ent situation of affairs with Frances What said
the French Government > Hear the language of
the Foreign Minister of France.
" The King's Government, though deeply
' wounded by imputations to which I will not give
' a name, having demonstrated their purely gratu-
' ltous character, still does not wish to retreat
' absolutely from a determination already taken,
' in a spirit of good faith and justice. How great
' soever may be the difficulties caused by theprov-
' ocation which President Jackson has given, and
' by the irritation which it has produced in the
'public mmd,it will ask the Chambers for an
1 appropriation of twenty-five millions, in order
' to meet the engagements of July 4th."
Here, then, we have a distinct assurance from
the French Minister that the bill would be pre-
sented Mr. C o'so read further extracts from
the despatches The'Minister had given an as-
surance that if Congress failed to act on the rec-
ommendation of reprisals, the bill would be submit-
ted, and no doubtpassed. Mr C. also maintained
that the French Mnvstry had acted up to the
pledges of the King to Mr. Livingston. How
could Congress consistently act upon this subject
when every thing had been done that could be
done' We now stood as h gh as we could We
had foifeited nothing, and should we descend from
th#U lofty elevation we h«d rea"hed ' He, for one,
had no disposition to commit the nation The
man of tru= courage never committed himself, but
waned silently, patiently, and with confidence,
with a pel feet determination to meet tne crisis
when it came. He would move to lay the whole
subject on the table, were it not that many gen-
tlemen wished to addiess the House. He was
opposed to any resolutions being adopted, but if
any were to be passed upon by the House, that
of the gertleman from Virginia [Mr. Aiu-h>.k]
was the only one wh.ch he could bring himself to
vote for
Mr. GILMER would ask what was intended
by the introduction of the «solutions' What was
promised oi expected to result from them ' These
questions came home to every one, to the interest
of the whole country. Besides, what power had
that House to do so f That House had only legis-
lative auttiouty, and lo pasa these resolutions he
