320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
contended would be transcending their constitu-
tional limits of power. Mr. G. referred to the con-
sequences and effects of war upon the interests of
the country and the stability of its institutions.
He contended that nothing had as yet been done
by the French Government to justify such a course
on our part So far as the treaty making power
of that country was concerned, every thing had
been done that could be done. Of whom did we
complain ' Of the popular branch of the French
Government. We should bear in mind that that
branch was new to Fiance, and every one must
perceive, who had read the debates of the French
Chamber, that there was a prevailing ignorance
on the subject of these claims. They were ap-
prehensive that the monarchy had gone too far,
and tnere was a jealousy which existed between
them. But should we, the most popular Govern-
ment on earth be the first and foremost to pre-
vent the exercise of the popular b> anch of a nation
just emerging from the shackles of despotism ?
He was convinced that if we went to war on
account of this treaty, as the subject stood at
present, public opinion would be against it. Ble
had no doubt whatever that the force of public
opinion alone in Europe would compel' France to
pay this indemnity. War, it should be borne in
mind, would put an end to it. Go to war, and
the indemnity would be at an end. He said mat
neither national honoi nor national character was
concerned in this dispute.
Mr. LYTLE followed with great eneigy, and
at considerable length, in support of the resolu-
tions reported by Mr Casibrm etc, and in reply
to Mr. Gilmer and Mr  Archer
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose, not to prolong the
debate, but to make an attempt to put an end to
the only war which he believed would e^er grow
out of this question. We had on most gieat
questions—paiticularly on one which divided the
House and the country—adjusted it by compro-
mise He now rose to propose a compsomise
which he hoped would unite both sides of the
House. It was due to the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Abims] to explain to him that he
could not accept his first lesolution as he had
promised to do, because, on examining its pro-
visions, he found it referred rather to the lights of
the claimants than of the nation. He thought the
House would not adopt a resolution of that char-
acter. He, however, pioposed to offer the resolu-
tion he had piesented yesterday, without the
words, " at all hazards," for he was compelled to
concur in the opinion expressed by the gentleman
himself, [Mr. Everett] that they were unparlia-
mentary.
Mr E. EVERETT explained He considered
them not unparliamentary in a report, but ¡n the
form of a resolution.
Mr. CAMBRELENG continued. That gen-
tleman must pardon me, sir, if I cannot peiceive
he propriety of the distinction between a ieport
and a resolution, which he makes. Both are alike
reported for adoption or rejection by the House.
The language was (he thought) not only unpar-
hamentaiy, but—the gentleman must pardon him
for saying—tha.t it was unjigmfied and even gas
conadmg He, theiefore, most willingly rel.n
quished them as incompatible with the dignity of
the House. He should offer the resolution with-
out these words as soon as the piesent motion
was decided, and he hoped m that form it would
meet the approbation of the House
Mr. ROBERTSON, of Virginia, after some ii-
marks, read two resolutions wmch he had pre-
pared, aid intended to oiFer in the event of that
oíTered by his colleague [Mr   Archer] being le- '
jected.    The first one declared  that the United '
■Spates  regard the treaty of 1831  as fanly and '
finally settling the differences between the two
Governments,   and  that there was satisfactory I
evidence that theFi ench Government wds des ions
of the fulfilment of the treaty, and reason to hope '
that the Chamber will carry it into effect    The
second resolution (he said) he had extracted from I
the words of the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations     M¡   R   advocated the position
indicated m bis resolution at some length
Mr  BINNEY then obtained the floor, but "ave
way to enable the Speaker to sign va"ous bids
Mi   BINNEY th n pioreeded *o addiessthe'1
House, 11 .m argument of eoniudeiable length, on
the general principles involved in the dispute be-
tween the Fiench Government and our own.   He
contended that we had nothing to do with the
pan the Chambers of France possessed in. this
matter.    It was  an affair  among  themselves—
between  the King and country     We are bound
to look to the former, whom only we weie to
know in the transaction.    He deprecated the evils
of war, but the sacrifice of national honoi he con-
sidered a still gieater calamity     This House (he
said) could  never insist on the fulfillment of the
treaty of 1831, unless by negotiation     We had
agreed m that very tieaty to receive this indemnity
by instalments, whi-h must be received thjough
the agency of negotiation.    He called on gentfe-
men  to pause before they used  language which
would takeaway all grace and half t^efoiceof
their lights.    Leave France no pretext, and if she
does not enter into the door thus left open for her,
it is not for us to answei the consequences      He
could not vote for these resolutions submitted by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, nor could he
support those of the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, [Mi. Ad\ms,] for the teasons which he had
ahead y submitted     He asked if this country was
willing to strengthen  the hands of the constitu-
tional monarchy of France?   That would be the
unkindest cut of all, for us to stiengthen a mon-
aichy against its lepubhcan opponents.   Would
it oppose the interests of its friends—those who
had made common cause with us in advocating the
execution of this tieaty '    Oneof these íesults was
inevitable in the present state of French (.flairs at
home, on the passage  of either of these lesolu-
tions.    Nor woulu  he  heed  the  idle  babble of
legislative gossip so often quoted  on this floor
fiom the Chamber of Deputies, relating to the
patience with whicn oui country is habituated to
bear the insult of others.   Of all the resolutions
proposed, he would p>tfer that of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mi. Archer,] for it expiessed
that which he íeally felt, a full  reliance on the
sense of justice on the part of the French nation,
which would induce a full requital of the debt.
Mr. SCHLEY said he did not rise to make what
might be dignified with the title of "a speech "
He was restrained from doing so by two considf ra-
tions: first, because he labored under a physical
disability to do so, m consequence of ill health
during tne greater paitofthe session; and secondly,
because in his opinion the subject under con-
sideration did not require or admit of much speak-
ing.
The course (said Mi S ) which gentlemen
have taken m this debate, foicibly íeminded him
of a Reverend fnend of his in Geoigia, who is
fond of speaking, and who, though he took a text,
always sedulously avoided touching it in his dis-
course, and directed his attenfon to mat ers and
things m general Sn , (said Mr S ,) what is the
question before the House' Is it a question of
ioa) ' Is there any thing m the lesolution offered
which looks to such a state of things' I humbly
apprehend not Why, then, do gentlemen por-
tray in such vivid colors the hoi roi sand calamities
of war  Is it to drive ub from the support of this
lesolution ' to drive us fiom any action m regard
to our present lelations with Fmnce' If this be
the.i olject, they will find themselves in en or.
Sir, 1 will rot undeitake to attribute the motive
of such a course. Perhaps gentlemen would not
be willing to admit as jus', the opinion I have
formed, but cenamiy no adequate moave can be
found in the nature and tendency of the lesolution
itself, and no gentleman who has advocated it on
this floor, has intimated a desire for war, noi any
thing which could lead to such an idea
1 was somewhat astonished to heai my honor l
able coheague, [Mr Gilmer,] and ¡he hi norable
gentleman fiom Vnginia, [Mr. Archer,] assert
the doctime that there was no violat.on of the
treaty on the part of France by the refusal of the
Chamber of Deputies to make the appropriation
necessary to carry it into effect on their part On
what ground is this opinion held? On this, that
the Fiench Chambers is a separate and independ-
ent branch of that Government, in the same m inner
that this House is under om Coi stitution. Admit
tl is fact, and what follow.' Why, these honorable
gentlemen say that f'e tieaty is not complete end
futí/>.„'"  the nit >n mill all 1'ie <l pmtnents of the
Gaiet iuru.,it Iimc latijwd ,l and piuv.lrdjor lUjtnal
consummation, and theiefore uehave no came of com-
plaint against Fiance Í3 this tiue, m regard either
to the Fiench Government or our own ' 1 pre-
sume not. What wou d be the consequence of
such adoctrine' The executive branch of the
Government, to which is entrusted the treaty-
making powe>-, would entei ,nto a solemn tieaty
with a foieign nation, but the Chamber of Depu-
ties in Fiance, or this House heie, as the case
may be, would refuse to make the appropnauon
necessary to carry it into efltct, and consequently
the treaty would prove in fact to be no treaty
The paities would stand precisely wnere they
stood before the negotiations were commenced,
and in this way a nation might foievei avoid the
payment of money due foi any cause to another
nation. Sir, this cannot be true Tne proposi-
tion involves in itself a manifest contradiction If
the execut.ve bn.ndi of the Government has the
powet-to make a treaty, it follows as a necessaiy
consequent that such treatj must be binding and
obligati íy on the ration and theiefore, if another
I ranch of the same Government, holding by the
Constitution the purse strings, shall refuse  o pay
I the money stipulated by the treaty to be paid, such
íefusahsa viobtion of the faith of the nafon,and
a bteach of the treaty I admit the right of the
Chambers and ot this House to refuee the appro-
priation necessaiy to carry the treaty into effeit;
but they do it at their peril, and the nation i>jurcd
or insulted by the refusal, will have the.perfect
right to demand and take satisfaction
F>ut his principal object in rising to address the
House, was to present to them a vie.v of the sub-
ject which had not been taken by any gentleman
that had spoken.     He would theiefoie proceed at
once to what, in his opinion, was the main and
the only question which ought to be consideieil,
and he would detain the House but a f^w minutes.
His honorable colleague  [Mr   Giliueh] and the
honorable gen'leman f.om Virginia who last ad-
dressed the House [Mi   Robertson] had bo'h
emphatically asked tne question, " What is the
object of this lesolution, it it be not to excite an"ry
feelings, and  lead to a state of hostilities'   fan,
(said Mr. S ,) I will tell the honoi able gentleman
what 'he object is      Every member on this floor,
who has read the debates in the Tienen Chamber,
at the time when  the law to appiopwate money
to carry the treaty into full  effect was reiected,
knows that the giound upon which the njection
was  placed   was,   that  the promised   nidennty
was too great, and that twelve or thn teen millions
of francs is all that the French people ought in
| justice to pay     A pamphlet containing these de-
i   bites, and this reasoning, was furnished  by the
Executive to every n.ember at the openin" of the
I   present Congress      We have been in session three
,| months, with a full knowledge of all these facts,
!   and  now,  if we  adjourn  without opening our
mouths on tne subject, or declaring our view of
the matter, will not the conclusion from such con-
duct be lnesistible that we know we have obtained
by the tieaty more than we are entitled to'   Will
not the Fiench Chamber and people have a ught
to say that we know that the ground taken'by
them is true in point of fact, and that, therefore,
we have not denied it'   Is not this the fair and
legitimate conclusion fiom these premises'   And
are gentlemen piepared to do an act which shad
lead to such consequences'   Will they be silent,
by íefusing to pass this lesolution, and by such
silence convey to the Trench nation and the world,
the idea that we claim more than in justice and
equity we are entitled to'
S.r, if theie be any gentleman on this floor who
i   leally believes that che treaty givts up more than
weaie entitled to, let him say so, and let hmvote
against this resolution    But no man in tl is House,
oi m this nation, holds this opinion.    On the con-
trary, every member who has addressed the Ch ur
|   on either side of this question, has declared his
!   firm conviction  that the indemnity offered by the
treaty is much too small, that malead of twenty-
I  five millions of francs, i' ought to be some sixty
|   or seventy millions      Those gemlemen  who op-
pose this resolution have dechred, in the rnmor-
jj ity report, and in their speeches, that our claim
, under the treaty must not be abandoned^ Why,
i   then, aie they unwilln g to say so, byTdopiing
the íesclution on your tabic No reasr n h is been
assigned, except  that  the lesoiutiun conum s a
