1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Mr. Adaiis.    The position which that gentleman '
fiist took  upon this floor, upon  this  question,
excited the surprise of all,  and particularly his
friends.    He had then accused another branch of
the Legislaluie of dodging the question.    He had ,
subsequently, in an explanation, declared that he i
also wished tins House to do the same thing.   On '
the last occasion he had assured the country that
there was no prospect of war with France—that
there was not a member on that floor who would
vote for such a proposition.    How were we to
reconcile those various and conflicting opinions
and sentiments of the gentleman with his present
course'   Mi   C. said the «¡solutions of Mr. A.
were  infinitely   weaker  than  he  could approve,
though he denounced  his tear speech.    He disa-
vowed any personal disie°pect to that gentleman,
in thusalludmg lo the inconsistencies of his course
'lo use a musiol phrase, he had lioked upon the
gentleman heretofore as a sort of political pitch-
pipe   base     A   trumpet  of an  uncertain bound
might lead to disastrous consequences in the field
of battle.    Hereafter he should lollow a trumpeter
with an instrument of a less uncertain sound.
Mr. ARCHER also thought thegemleman fiom
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] should be the last to
give lectures on consistency. Allusions had been
made to his ferns and to Ins courage. If he had
couiage, he was sure he would not show it only,
as he would not say whose was shown, in biavado
and menace. He had said that he had full confi-
dence in the justice of Prance He still retained
that opinion. Mr. A. continued further to defend
his amendment
Mr 1IAWES told a story of a bird whoseonly
cry was " fair play " Such was his cry on the
present occasion, as he could not abide to see so
many birds plucking one. He was well aware,
however, that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr 4dam?] needed no champion to enter the
lists in hifciletence, for, as the roused lion shakes
the dew diops from his mane, so could he shake
off his antagonists at will. He marvelled what
had brought down the ae of his two colleagues, i
[Messrs. Hardin- and Chilton,] and the gentle
man from Virg.ma, [Mr Archer,] in their united
strength upon tne distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts Was it because an Amencan
heai t beat high in his bosom> Was it because he
boldly stepped forward to sustain the honor of his
count! y > .\li H. said no man had been accus- ,
tomed more highly to respect the Ftench nation '
thin h.mself He, too, like his honorable col-
league, [Vlr II midi-j,] rememoered when with i
us the lily was accounted the fairest flofter of the
field He, too, had paused with high-wrought
feelings before the painting in the rotundo, where
the wstiois cf ve eran France and infant America
were grouped togei her in the enjoyment of recent
■ViCt-) —the reward ot their mutual piowess But
should the recollection of those things make us
fort;vt<\i! ot ng'it- Shou'd they teach us to see
our country Irani) led upon ' His other co'league
[Mr Cim ion] had lepresented the gentleman
from Mass-chuselts as leadyat one time to be
ie<_eued witn open arms by a party on that floor.
By what party He asked if theie was alieady
a Fiench party and an American in that House'
If so, it was high time the people of Kentucky
kne.v i , ard he should fetl it his duty to go home
and acciiiaint his constituents of the fact. They
^.ere acuisto ned only to rally under the flag of
then country Mr. H sud he rose only to say
whit he Irul wiJ He did not like to see the gen |
tleman from Massachusetts, whose long career ,
had be-n crowned w§th that brightest of^ all
ciowns—the su.fiages of a fiee people for their
highest "itatio.i, exposed to a rifle heie, a musket
here, and a pop gun ffteii.
The <¡ íestion was then taken by yeas and nays
on Mi \i <. ii tr's amendment, and it was i ejected,
ae foil >ws—ypas 71   nays 143:
YEAS—-Viesas Heman Allen, Chilton Allan,
Aicher, Ashley, P.aibei, Barrmgei, Dates, Cay-
lie*, ilv !, B.nney, Gempbell, Chambers, C.iilton,
ClulMint , William Chrke, Clayton, Clowney,
Coiv,!), Crockett, Davis, Dave iport, Deberry, ;
Dick-on, Evins, Horace Eveiett, Felder, Gam-
ble, Cilmer,Gordon,Gorham,Giayson,Grenne,l, i
Grillin, Hiland Hall, Hardm, Hazeltme, William
Jackson, Cbenc¿ei Jackson, Janes, Iling,LeU.her, ]
Lewis, Lincoln, Martmdale, Marshal!, McComas,
Mercer, Milligan, Miner, Murphy, Phillips,Pick-
ens, Pmckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher,
Robertson, William B. Shepaid, Slade, Steele,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vinton, Wat-
mough, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams,
Wise, Young—-71.
NAYS—Messrs John a. Adams, John Adams,
John J. Allen, William Allen, Anthony, Banks,
Barnitz, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Blair, Bockee,
Boon, Bouldin, Briggs, Brown, Bull, Bunch,
: Burd, Burns, Cage, Cambreleng, Carmichael,
Carr, Casey, Chancy, Clunn, Samuel Clark, Con-
I nor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Denny, Dickerson,
i Dickinson, Dunlap, Edward Everett, Ferns, Fill-
1 more, Forester, Poster, Philo C. Fuller, William
K. Fuller, Fulton,Garland,Gholson.Gillet, Gra-
ham, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hanne-
gan, Hard, Joseph M. Harper, James Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath,
Henderson, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard,Hunting-
ton, Inge, Jams, Richard M.Johnson, Noadiah
Johnson, Henry Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kav-
anagh, Kilgore, Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, La-
poue, Lay, Lea, Lee,Love, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann, Manning, Mardis,
John Y. Mason, Moses Mason, May, MeCarty,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan,McKim, McKm-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell,
Robert Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg,
Osgood, Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Pearce,
Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Rey-
nolds, Sehenck, Schley, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Shmn, Smith, Spangler, Speight, Standefer, Stew-
art, Sutherland, William Taylor, William P. Tay-
lor, Fiancis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill,
Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, White, Fredeuck
Whittlesey, Wilson—143
Mr CAMBRELENG then moved the follow-
ing resolution (according to an intimation which
he had before made) as an amendment to the first
of those introduced by Mr. Adams:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
treaty of the 4th of July, 1831, should be main-
tained, and its execution insisted on
Mr. ADAMS said he was willing to adopt it
While he was up, he had a word to say on the
remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Gorham,] who
had denounced his course as not being in accord-
ance Tvith the sentiments of Massachusetts. If
such was the fact, he could but regietit. He had
only to say it was in accordance" with the dictates
of his own heart.
Mr. GORHAM said there was no man in the
United States for whom he had more sincere re-
spect than for his honorable colleague. He had
not made his remarks in a spintof dictation. He
was well aware that that gentleman possessed the
right to maintain ins own opinion; but he (Mr
G ) must be permitted also to letam the opinion
he had alrtady expiessed.
Mr S JONES, of Georgia, then submitted the
following, as an amendment to the above resolu-
tion.
Resolved, That, with a solemn treaty, acknowl-
edging the rights of our citizens, entered into
under the usual foimahties,and with a nation pro-
fessing, to be governed by that code which pre-
sentes the obligation of such instruments, we
have every light to expect that the same will be
observed in good faith, and that as this House is
officially lhfoi med the law for executing said treaty
is now under consideration in the French Legis-
lature, it is inexpedient, for the present, to legia
late on the sub)ect.
Mr. S JONES bnefly advocated the amend-
ment, and called for the yeas and nays, but they
weie not ordeied.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion i ejected without a division.
Mr ROBERTSON then offered the following
as an amendment.
Strike out fiom first resolution all after the words
" resolved that," and mserp                       ^
"There is satisfactory evidence that the French
' Government desires that the appropriation for
' indemnity should be made m puisuanee of the
' stipulations of the treaty of July 4, 1831, and
'lesson to hope that the Chamber of Deputies
' will adopt that measure, and faithfully discharge
' the obligations of France to the United States."
Mr. GORHAM asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered. The amendment was
then rej'ected'
The question then recurring on the substitute
adopted by Mr. J. Q. Adams, as given above,
Mr. MANN, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays.
They were ordered and taken, when the res-
olution was adopted UNANIMOUSLY, as fol-
lows:
YEA8—Messrs. John Q.. Adair ,John Adams,
Heman Allen, John J.  Allen, William  Allen,
Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Bar-
nitz, Bainnger, Bates, Beale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Bell, Blair, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin,
Briggs, Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burd, Burns, Cage,
Cambreleng, Campbell, Carmichael,Carr, Casey,
Chambers, Chaney, Chilton, Chmn, Claiborne,
Samuel Clark, William Clark, Clayton, Clowney,
Connor,Corwin,Coulter, Cramei,Crockett, Dar-
lington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Day, Deberry,
Denny, Dickson, Dickerson, Dickinson,Dunlap,
Evans, Edward Everett, Felder, Ferns, Fillmore,
Forester, Foster, Philo C. Fuller, William K.
Fuller,  Fulton,  Galbraith,   Gamble,   Garland,
Gholson, Giilet, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Gra-
ham, Gravson, Grennell, Griflin, Hiland Hall,
Thomas H   Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Hard, Haidin, Joseph M. Harper, James Har-
per, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Hazeltme, Heath, Henderson, Hiester, Howell,
Hubbard, Huntington, Inge, William Jackson,
Ebenezer Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Richard  M.
Johnson, Noadiah  Johnson,  Henry Johnsm,
Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kil-
gore, King, Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Lay, Lea, Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas,
Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann.Man-
ning,Martindale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y. Ma-
son, Moses Mason, May, MeCarty, McComas,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan, McKim, McKin-
ley, McLene, McVean, Mercer, Miller, Milligan,
Miner, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Mooie,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Parks,
Parker, Patton, Patterson, Pearce, Peyton, Phil-
lips, Pickens, Pierce, Pierson, Pinckney, Plum-
mer, Polk, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Rey-
nolds, Robertson, Suhenck, Schley, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Shmn, Slade, Smith,Spangler,Speight,
Standefer, Steele, Stewart, Sutherland, William
Taylor, William  P   Taylor,  Francis Thomas,
Thomson, Tompkins,Trumbull, Turner,Turrill,
Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Vinton, Wag-
ener, Ward, Wardwell, Watmough, Webster,
Whallon, White, Frederick Whittlesey, Elisha
Whittlesey, Williams, Wilson, Wise, Young—
212.
NAYS—None.
Mr. Adams then withdrew his other resolution,
and Mr. Cambkeleng also withdrew the first
resolution reported from the Committee on For-
e'gn Affairs, its place being superseded by the one
first adopted.
The following resolutions were then also unani-
mously adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs be discharged from the further consideration
of so much of the President's message as relates
to commercial restrictions, or to ieprisalson the
commetce of France.
Resolved, That preparation ought to be made to
meet any emergency grov/mg out of our relations
with France.
SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULE.
The joint resolution from the Senate, rescinding
the joint rule which prohibits the transmission of
bills to the President on the last day of the ses-
sion, was then adopted, after an ineffectual attempt
on the part of Mr Mason to amend it, so as to
rescind that which prohibits the transmission of
bills ficm one House to the othei on the same
day.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion of Mr POLK, several appropriation
bills, returned from the Senate with amendments,
were  referred  to  the Committee of Ways and
Means, when, at twelve o'clock,
The House adjourned.
