1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comprised tie Slates of Missouri, Indiana, and
Illinois. These thiee S'ates were íepreseí ted by
twelve member's in that House, le^s ihun one half
of the delegation to Congress from the northern
district of Aew Yoik The second circuit was
mterded to embrace Louisiana, Alabama, and
Mist, isippi, who were there repiesented by nine
membeis, and all of which were considtrably less
in population than one-half the size of the northern
di&tiiU of New York. In all these States, and
throughout the whole region of country, they
already enjoyed all ..he bei efits of the judicial sys-
tem Mr. 13 appealed to his western friends, that
while they were anxious, and justly so, to ootain
so desnabie a mattei fot themselves, they would
not be utinfiindful oí theclaims of so large a section
of country as that for which he was now advo-
cating
Mi FILLMORE begged leave to suggest to his
honorable colleagi e to make one of the places of
hold ng ti e court farther west. Utica was nearly
four hundred miles fiom the western part of the
State of New York, and Albany was still further
objectionable from the same ground Mr F.
would suggest Rochester or Buffalo He moved
to strike out Albany and insert Buffalo.
Mr BEARDSLEY explained, that he had in-
serted Albany because it was the capital of the
State, and CJticaalieady had one term a yeai, and
it would be better'to continue it theie. Peison-
ally, he would say, he had no objection to the
amendment, but he wasconvirced the public ben-
efit would be better consulted by fixing it as he
had done, and he hoped the amendment would not
be adopted
Mr FOSTER wished to remind gentlemen that
there was only one hour and three quarters re-
maining of the session, and he hoped further dis-
cussion would be dropped
Mr. FILLMORE said the bill proposed to estab-
lish two encuita within one hundred miles of each
other, arid leave other, and not less important
parts of the State, at a distance of four hundied
miles.
Mr Fillmore's amendment was adopted with-
out a division.
Mr. Beardsley's amendment, as amended, was
also adopted—ayes 80, noes 46.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside; and
the committee took up and considered the follow-
ing bills:
A bill to increase the engineei corps;
A bill for the relief of David Beard. The amend-
ment to this bill was agreed to.                                 j
A bill relative to the accounts of our consul at
London;                                                                        I
A bill to continue the Subsistence Depart-
ment, and                                                                     '
A bill for the relief of the Corporations of Wash-
ington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
All which bills were severally agreed to, and
laid aside to be reported to the House.                    i
The committee then took up the bill to carry
into effect the convention with Spam                       j
The question was on concurring with the Sen- i
ate m their amendment to this bill
Mr CAMBRELENG explained, that the char- '
acter of the bill had been materially changed by
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman
[Mr. Speight] reported the foregoing bills to the
House.
The bill to establish blanches of the mint of the
United States was then read a third time
On the passage of the bill, Mr. C. P WHITE
demanded the yeasand nays, which were ordeied
and taken, when there appeared—yeas 114, nays
59                                                                                   i
So the bill wa3 passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate an-
nouncing that that body still adheied to their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to the
bill  making appropnation  for certain  foi tífica- i
tions                                                                               I
Mi CAMBRELENG moved that the House
do still adhere to Us amendment.                              j
Mr   WILDE said he believed if the House
Bhould still adhere, there would  be the end of,
the matter.   There could then be no further con-
331
ii
"erence with the Senate, and the bill would be
lost
Mr MERCER moved that the House lecede
fiom Us a"ienument
Mr LYTLE objected to any conciliatory meas-
ures on the parte! the House It had already
gone as far as prudence or patience could dictate
It had conceded every thing to night that it could
with honor concede, and it was time to tire of con-
cession. Let it (Said Mr. L ) now remain with
the peers to answer for the consequences. He
wibhed to fasten—to nail the responsibility theie
He would not have the House to abandon tne
elevated ground which it now occupied Without
an appiopnation, the country would be left open
and defenceless That appropriation the House
had terdeied, and the country would put its seal
of reoioba'ion on the pusillanimous act which
thwarted the measure.
Mr. HA WES called f,r the pievious question,
which being seconded, the question was taken on
the motion ot Mr Merger to recede It was
decided in the negative by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows—yeas 88, naja 114.
YEAS—Messrs John Q Adams, Heman Al-
len, Cliilton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber, Bai-
nitz, Barnnger, Beatty, Bouldin, Briggs, Bull,
Campbell, Chambers, Chum, William Clark,
Clowney, Corwin, Crane, Crockett, Darlington,
Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Dickson,
Evans, Edward Everett, Horace Everett, Ewing,
Felder, Fillmore, Foster, Philo C. Fuller, Gam-
ble, Garland, Gholson, GJmer, Gordon, Grennell,
GuiRn, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Ilai-
per, Hazeltine, Hiester, William Jackson, Wil-
liam C Johnson, Heniy Johnson,Seaborn Jones,
King, Letcher, Lewis, L ncoln, Marshall, Mc
Carty, McKaj, MciCennan, Meicer, Mi'ligan,
Miner, Paikei, Ptttton, Phillips, Pickens, Pn ek-
ney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Robertson,
Slade, Spanglei, S'eele, Stewart, William P.
Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Trumbull, Tweedy,
Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Frederick Whittle-
sey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wil-
son, Young—88
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, John J Allen,
I William Allen, Anthony, Bates, Bajhes, Beale,
Bean, Beardsley, Bcaurm nt, Bell, Binnev, Blair,
Bockee, Boon,  Brown, Bunch, Cage, Cambre
leng, Carmiehael, Carr, Cii>ey, Chaney, Samuel
C.aik, Clay, Coffee, Connoi, Coulter,  Ciamer,
Day, Dickeison, Dick]nsop,Dunlap, Ferns,For-
ester, William IC  Fuller, Fulton, Galbiatth, Gil-
let, Thomas H  Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Joseph M   Harpei, Harrison, Hathaway, Haw-
kins,  Hawes,  Henderson,   Howell,   Hubbaid,
Huntington. Inge, Jarvis, Richard M   Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, |
Kilgore, Kinnard,  Lane,  Lansing,  Luke  Lea,
Thomas Lee, Love, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah
Mann, Joel K   Mann, Manning, Maidis, John J
Y   Mason, Moses Mason, May, Mclntire, Mc-
Kim,   McKinley,   McLene,   McVean,   Miller,
Hemy Mitchell, Robert MiteheM, Mooie, Muh- ,
lenbeig,  Muiphy,   Osgood,   Paiks,   Patterson, j
Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson,Polk,Reynolds, (
Schenck, Schley, Shinn, Smith, Speight, Standi- |
fer, William Taylor, Francis Thomas, Turner, I
Tunill, Vanderpoel,   Van   Houten,  Waeener, I
Ward, Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, White, j
Wise—114                                                                  j
Mr. HUBBARD then moved that the House
insist upon their amendment, and ask a ¡omtcom- '
mittee of conference   Mr II  asked to be excused j
from serving on the committee                                 i
The motion to insist was agi eed to and Messrs
Cambrelkng and Lewis appointed on the paitof I
the House.
HARBOR OP ST   LOUIS.                      |
Mr. ASHLEY moved to take up the bill fur!
¡mpioving the haiborof St. Louis, as ne-ct in
older, which was refused—it being alleged that
the 3d of March had expired, and that the House
had no right to do any further business.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for the continuation and repair of the
Cumberland road m the States of Ohio, Indiana,
ard Illinois, was, on motion of Mr. THOMAS,
of Maryland, read the third time and passed—
yeas 93, nays 81.
TrME or ADJOLRNMEIvT.
Mr JARVIS lose to a question of order.    He
desired to know whether the functions of the
House hi,d not ceased, ¡t being twelve o'clock at
right
The CHAIR intimated a disinclination to enter-
tain the question
Mr JONES, of Georgia, moved that the House
adj urn
The SPEAKER said that the paihamentaiy
coarse would be to adopt a lesolution regularly
adjourning the House
After a few remarks by Messrs EVANS and
J a AD\MS—
The SPEAKER said it was in order for the
Ilou«e to adjourn if it ihought proper
Mi   MASON, of Virginia, appealed to the gen-
tleman fiom Georgia [Mr  Jones] to withdj&w
j the motion to adjou'n                                             ,,
I Mr AD4MS Said if it was true that the fun/^
tions of this House had ceased, the gentleman
I fiom Georgia had no right to make the motion,
I and it would be unnecessaiy.
| Mi JONES withdiew his motion ftt the request
of
Mr SMITH, who offered the usual resolution
for the appointment of a committee to wait on the
President, and inform him that the House was
ready to adjourn, and that a similar message be
sent to the Senate, &c
Mr. GARLAND objected to the reception of
the resolution
The SPEAKER decided that it was in order.
Mr MASON, of Virginia, asked thegentleman
to withdraw the resolution, for the purpose of
taking up the íeport of the Comnrttee of Elec-
tions, to pay the Hon Robert P. Letcher the
usual allowance of a member of the House for the
last session of Congress.
The resolution was withdrawn, when the reso-
lution of the Committee of Elections was taken
up, the preamble stricken out, and the question
being on the amendment proposed by Mr Har-
din, to make a bimilar provision for Mr. Thomas
P  Moore,
Mr WILDE moved the previous question;
which was seconded—yeas 69, nays 65
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution repoited by the committee,
Mr PARKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were otdeied, and were—yeas 113, nays
3, no quorum voting
Mi. JARVIS moved  that the House adjourn.
Mi. WILDE demanded the «yeas and nays;
which were ordeied.
The Clerk proceeded with the call of the roll,
but before he had gone thiough with the same,
Mr GARLAND lose to a question of order.
He inquired whether members who were in their
seats were not bound to vote on the question un-
less excused by the House'
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. GARLAND then stMed that a gentleman
fiom New York [Mr. Beardsley] had not
voted.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said that making all alloiv-
ances for" diffeience of time pieces, it would bé
admitted by all that the hour of twelve had arrived
Being persuaded of that fact, he considered his
constitutional functions as a member of the House,
as having ceased, and were at an end He was,
therefore, not called on to vote upon any question
which might be propounded.
A motion was then made to excuse Mr Beards-
ley from voting, but a majorityappeaniig m the
negative,
Mi GARLAND withdrew his objections, and
the roll was called through
The vote on the motion to adjourn was an-
nounced to be—yeas 15, nays IOS, no quorum
voting.
Mr GILMER also declined voting, on the
ground that his functions as a member of the
House had ceased at twelve o'clock
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following communications:
A letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to the expenditures for arms manufactured at the
several armories of the United States; which was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the same 10 relation to
the transportation and  disbursement of Indian
