THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,   BY  BLAIR  & RIVES.
Second Session, 33d Congress.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1834.
Volume 2....No. 1.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 1,1834
This being the day fixed by the Constitution
for the meeting of both Houses of Congress,
The Vice President took the chair, and called
the Senate to ordei.
A quorum of members being present,
Mi. WHITE submitted the followmgmotion:
0) dered, That the Seci etary acquaint the House
of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate is
assembled, and ready to pioceed to business.
Which resolution was agieed to.
' NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion :                                                             ,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the
part of the Senate, to join such committee as may
be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait on the Piesidentof the United States, and
inform him that quoiums of the two Houses have
assembled, and that Congress is ready to íeceive
any communication he may be pleased to make.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY then moved that the Senate waive
balloting foi the committer, and that the Presid-
ing Officei appoint the same; which was agreed
to, and Messrs. White and Swift weie ap-
pointed.
NEWSPAPERS FOR SENATORS.
Mr KNIGHT ofleied the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That each Senator be supplied, dur-
ing the piesent session, with thiee such nevvs-
paptis, punted in any of the States, as he may
choose, provided the same be furnished at the
usual rate foi the annual charge of such papéis;
and provided, also, that if any Senator shall
choose to take any ncwspapeis othei than daily
papers, he shall bo supplied with as many such
papéis as shall not exceed the puce of thiee daily
papers
CONTINUATION OP A COMMITTED.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, offeied the following
resolution
Revoked, That the thnty fouith rule of the
Senate, so fai as icspects the Committee on the
Posjt Offiit and Post Roads, be suspended; and
that ti e pilsent Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be continued, with all the poweis
vested m them, and sub]ect to all the duties en-
joined on them, bv the lesolution of the Senate ■.,
of the 28th day of June, 1831
Mr. GRUNDY íemaiked. that the lesolution
■was one which he could find no piecedent to sanc-
tion, but he offered it at this time, owing to the
pecunai situation of the committee. They had
been assiduously engaged, foi some time past,
colkctnig testimony and othei evidtnce connected
with then duties, but they would not be able to
make a satisfactoiy íepoit foi some time to come,
borne of the witnesses foi examination would be
heie to monow, and he was theiefore de^nons
that the Senate should suspend the íule which
lequnts the standing committees to be balloted
foi at the commencement of each session, so far
as the same applies to the Committi e on the Post
Oliice IIi asked the immediate consideiation of
tile resolution, which was agieed to, and it was
then adopted.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message was íeceived from the House of
Reptestntatives, by Mr Franklm, their Cleik,
stating that a quorum of membeis of that House
■«as pres< nt, and that a committee had been ap-
pointed to join the Senate committee, for the pur-
pose of mfoimmg the President of the United
Mates that the two Houses weie oigamzed, and
¡eady to íeceive his communications.
The Stnatt then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 1, 1834.
At twelve o'clock the Speaker took the chair,
and called the House to oider.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll,
whereupon the following members answered to
their names;
Maine.
Joseph Hall,                  Rufus Mclntire,
Leonard Jarvis,             Gorham Parks,
Edward Kavanagh,       Fiancis 0. J. Smith.
New Hampshire
Benmng M. Bean,         Henry Hubbard,
Robert Burns,                Franklin Pierce.
Joseph M. Haiper,
Massachusetts.
John Gtuincy Adams,    Edwaid Everett,
Isaac C. Bates,              George Grennell, Jr.
William Baylies,           Gayton P. Osgood,
George N. Briggs,         John Reed.
Rhode Island.
Dutee J. Pearee.
Connecticut.
Noyes Barber,               Samuel Tweedy.
Vermont.
Horace Everett,
Hiland Hall,
William Slade.
New York.
John Adams,
Samuel Beardsley,
Abraham Botkee,
John W. Biown
C. C. Cambieleng,
Samuel Gferk,
John Cramei,
Rowland Day,
John Dickson,
Millaid Fillmoie,
William K. Fuller,
Ransom H. Gillet,
Nicoll Halsev,
Gideon Hard,
Samuel C. Hathaway,
Abel Huntingdon,
Noadiah Johnson,
Gemt Y  Lansing,
Geoige W. Lay,
Abijah Mann, Jr.
Hem y C. Maitindale.
Charles McVean,
Hem y Mitchell,
Sheiman Page,
Job Pieison,
William Taylor,      •
Joel Teirill,
Aaron Vanderpoel,
Isaac B Van Houten,
Aaron Ward,
Daniel Wardwell,
Reuben Whallon,
Campbell P. White
New Jersey.
Philemon Diekerson,     James Paiker,
Thomas Lee,                 Feidmand S. Schenck.
Pennsylvania.
Joseph B Anthony,      Henry King,
Chailes A Bamitz,       John Lapoite,
Andiew Beaumont,        Thos.M T.McKennan,
Hoiace Bmney,             Joel K  Mann,
Geoige Chambeis,         Jesse Millei,
William Claik,              Henry A. Muhlenbeig,
Edward Daihngtort,       David Potts, Jr ,
Haimei Denny,             Robert Ramsay,
James Harper,              Joel B  Sutheiland,
SimuelS  Hainson,      David D, Wagener,
William Hiester,           John G. Watmough.
Joseph Henderson,
Delaware
John J. Milligan.
Martli\d
James P. Heath,            John T. Stoddart,
William Cost Johnson, Fiancis Thomas,
Isaac McKim,                James Tiunei
Virginia.
John J. Allen,               William McComas,
James M   H. Beale,       Challes F  Meicer,
Nathamelll Claiborne, Samuel McD  Moore,
Thomas Davenpoit,       John M   Patton,
William F. Goidon,       William P  Taylor,
Geoige Loyall,              Edgar C. Wilson.
Edward Lucas,
North Caroli\í.
Daniel L. Bauinger,      Abiaham Reneher,
Hemy W  Connor,       William B. Shepaid,
Edmund Deberry,         Augustine H. Shepperd,
Thomas H. Hall,          Jesse Speight,
Micajah T. Hawkins,   Lewis Williams.
James McKay,
South Carolina.
William K. Clowney,  John K. Griffin,
William J. Grayson,     Hem y L. Pmckney
Georgia.
Augustin S. Clayton,    George R. Gilmer,
John Coffee,                 William Schley,
Thomas F. "Poster,        James M. Wayne,
Roger L. Gamble,         Richard H. Wilde
Kentucky.
Chilton Allan,               Richard M. Johnson,
Mai tin Beaty,               James Love,
Thomas Chilton,           Chittenden Lyon,
Amos Davis,                 Thomas A  Marshall,
Benjamin Hardin,         Patrick H. Pope,
Albert G. Hawes,         Christopher Tompkms.
Tennessee.
Samuel Bunch,              Cave Johnson,
David W. Diclanson,   Luke Lea,
William C. Dunlap,       James K. Polk,
John B. Fonester,        James Standifer.
William M. Inge,
Ohio.
James M. Bell,
John Chancy,
Benjamin Jones,
Jeremiah MeLene,
Robert Mitchell,
William Patteison,
Jonathan Sloane,
David .Spangler,
John Thomsorr,
Joseph Vance,
Samuel F. Vinton,
Ehsha Whittlesey.
LOUISIANA.
Philemon Thomas
Indiana.
RathfTBoon,                  George L Kmnard,
John Carr,                    Amos Lane,
John Ewmg,                 Jonathan MeCarty.
Mississippi.
Harry Cage.
Ii LINOIS.
Zadok Casey.
AllBAlH
Clement C  Clay,           John McKmley.
Samuel W. Mai/lis,
Missouri.
William II Ashley,       John Bull
The following members severally appeared,
weie swoin,and took then seats*
Massachusetts—S  C. Phillips
Connecticut—E.Jackson,P.Miner,J Trum-
bull.
New York—C G. Ferris, J. J. Morgan.
ViRGiMi—J. Robeitson
Kemuckv—R. P. Letcher.
Ohio—D  Kilgoie.
LocisiAi. v—H. Johnson.
Illinois—W  L,   May, J. Reynolds
MESSAGE FROM THE  SENATE.
A message was received fiom the Senate,
mfoimmg the House that a cjuoium ol the Senate
had assembled, and woe íeady to pioceed to
business
NOTIFICAIION TO THE PRESIDENT.
On motion of Mr McKIALEY, the following
resolutions weie adopted
Retohcd, That a message lie sent to the Senate,
informing that body that a quoium ot the House
of Repiesentatives has assembled, and that the
House is ready to proceed to business.
Resohed, That a committee be appointed on
the part of this House, jointly with such com-
mittee as may be appointed bv the Senate, to
wait on Live Piesident of the United States, and
rnfoim him that a quoium of the two Houses is
assembled, and that Congiess is ready to le-
ceiv e any communication he may be pleased to
make.
2                                         THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         December 2,
that quarter can be no longei enteitamed, the
friends of freedom expect that those countries, so
failed by natuie, will ho distinguished for their
love of justice and thtu devotion to those peace-
ful arts, the assiduous cultivation of \\ Inch confers
honor upon nations and gives value to human life
In the mean time I confidently hope, that the ap
prehensions enteitamed, that some of the people
of these mxuuant legions may be tempted, m a
moment of unwoithy distrust of then own capa-
city for the enjoyment of hbeity, to commit the
too common enor of purchasing piesent lepóse
by bestowing on some favoiite leadeis the fatal
gift of irresponsible powci, will not be leahzed
With all these Governments, and with that of
Brazil, no unexpected changes in our relations
have occurred dunng the piesentycai Flequent
causes of just complaint have alisen upon the pait
of the citizens of the United States—sometimes
from the nregulai action of the constituted sub-
ordinate authoiities of the maritime legions, and
sometimes from the leaders 01 partisans of those
in arms against the established Governments Jn
all eases, repiesentations have been, 01 will be
made, and as soon as their political affairs aie m
a settled position, it is expected that our friendly
remonstiances will be followed by adequate re-
dress
The Government of Mexico made known in
Deeembti last the appointment of commissioneis
and a suiveyor, on its pait, to íun, in conjunction
with ouis, the boundaiy line between Us teiri-
tones and the  United States, and  excused the
The SpFtKEP  appointed Messrs   McKivi ey |
and Lapsing, on the part of the House
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
On motion of Mr WARD, the usual resolu-
tions tor furnishing the membeis with newspa-
pers, and with regard to the hour of meeting,
weie adopted.
On motion of Mi. CONNOR, the House ad-
journed .         ___________________
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 2, 1834
The Hon Mr Morris, one of the Senators
from Ohio, appeared, and took his seat.
Mr WHITE, fiom the committee appointed
to wait upon the Piesident of the United States,
m conjunction with a similar committee from the
House of Repicsentatives,to inform him that the
two Houses of Congiess were organized, and
íeady to íeceive any communication he maybe
pleased to make, repoi ted that they had perfoi med
the duty assigned to them, and that the Piesi-
dent gave mfoi mation that he would make a com-
munication to both Houses this day, at twelve
o'clock
The following message was then received fiom
the President of the United State; , by A J Don-
elsov, Esq , his Pnvate Secretary
Fellow Citizetis of the Senate
and House oj Repi esenlalwes
In peiformmg my duty at the opening of youi
piesent session, it gives me pleasuie to congratu
late you again upon the prospeious condition of
our beloved country Divine Piovidence has
favored us with geneial health, with rich rewaids
m the fields of aguculture and in eveiy bianch of
laboi, and with peace to cultivate and extend the
vinous resomces which employ the virtue and
enteipuso of our citizens Let us trust that, m
sun eying a scene so flattering to oui tree institu-
tions, oui joint deliberations to pieseive them
may be crowned with success
Oui foreign i elation" continue, with but few ex
ceptions, to maintain the favoiable aspect which
they bore in my last annual message, and prom-
ise to extend those advantages which the princi-
ples thatiegukte oui intercom se with othei na-
tions are so well calculated to secure.
The question of the northeastern boundaiy is
still pending with Gieat Butam, and the pioposi-
tion made m accoidance with the resolution of
the Senate for the establishment of a line accoid-
ing to the treaty of 1783, his not been accepted
by that Government Believing that eveiy dispo-
sition is felt on both sidisto adjust this peiplex
mg question to the satisfaction of all the parties
inteiested in it, the hope is yet indulged that it
may" be effected on the basis of that pioposition
With the Governments of Austria, Russia,
Piussia, Holland,Sweden,andDenmaik, the best
understanding exists Commcice, with all, is
fostered and piotccted by íecipiocal good will,
undci the sanction of libeial conventional oi le-
gal pi o visions
In the midst of hei internal difficulties, the
Guccn of Spam has latifiedthe Convention for
the payment of the claimsof oui citizens ansjng
sine e 1S19 It is in the course of execution on
her pai t, and a copy of it is nefw laid before you
foi such legislation as may be found necessary
to enable those interested to derive the benefits
of it
Yielding; to the foice of circumstances, and to
the wise counsels of time and expenence, that
powii has finally resolved no longer to occupy
the unnatuial position in which she stood to the
new Gov ei nments established in this hemisphere
I have the great satisfaction of stating to you that,
hi piepanng the way for the rtstoiation of hai-
mony between those who have sprung from the
same aneestois, who are allied by common mtei-
ests, profess the same íehgion, and speak the
same language, the United States have been
actively mstiumenta! Our efforts to effect this
good woik will be peiseveied m while they aie
deemed useful to the paities, and our entire dis-
interestedness continues to be felt and undei stood
The act of Congiess, to countervail the discnm
mating duties levied, to the prejudice of our nav
igation,in Cuba and Poito Rico, has been trans
mitted to the Minister of the United States at
! Madnd, to be communicated to the Government
of the Q,ueen No íme'ligence of its receipt has
yet reached the Department of State If the
piesent condition of the countiy peimits the
Government to make a caieful and enlarged ex-
amination of the tiue interests of these important
portions of its dominions, no doubt isenteitained
that their future mteicouise with the United
States will be placed upon a more just and libeial
basis.
The Florida archives have not yet been selected
and dehveied Recent orders have been sent to
the agent of the United States at Havana, to íe-
tuin with all thathe can obtain,so that they may
be m Washington before the session of the Sú-
pleme Couit, to be used in the legal questions
theie pending, to which the Government is a
paity
Internal tranquillity is happily restored to Por-
tugal The distracted state of the countiy i en
deied unavoidable the postponement of a final
payment of the just claims of oui citizens Oui
diplomatic relations will be soon íesumed, and
the long-subsisting fuendship with that Powei
affords the strongest guarantee that the balance
due will íeceivcpiompt attention
The first installment due under the convention
of indemnity with the King of the Two Sicilies,
has been duly íectived, and an offei has been
made to extinguish the whole by a piompt pay-
ment—an offer I did not considei myself authoi-
ized to accept, as the indemnification provided
is the exclusive propeity of individual citizens of
the United States The original adjustment of
our claims, and the anxiety displayed to fulfill at
once the stipulations made for the payment of
them, aie highly honorable to the Government of
the Two Sicilies When it is lecollected that
they were the result of the injustice of an intru-
sive power, temporallly dommantmitsteriitory,
a íepugnance to acknowledge and to pay which
would have been neither unnatural nor unex-
pected, the encumstances cannot fail to exalt its,
character for justice and good faith in the eyes of
all nations
The treaty of amity and commerre between
the'Umted States and Belgium, biought to your
notice m my last annual message, as sanctioned
by the Senate, but the ratifications of which had
rot been exchanged, owing to a delay in its recep-
tion at Biussels, and a subsequent absence of the
Belgian Minister of Foieign Affairs, has been,
after matine deliberation, finally disavowed by
that Government as inconsistent with the poweis
and instiuctionsgiven to then Mimstei who nego-
tiated it This disavowal was entuely unex
pected, as the libeial principles imbodied in the
convention, and which form the groundwork of
the objections to it, were peifectly satisfactoiy to
the Belgian lepiescntativc, and were supposed to
be not only within the poweis granted, butex-
piessly conformable to the instiuctions given to
lnm An oflei, not yet accepted, has been made
by Belgium to renew negotiations for a tieaty less
liberal in its provisions, on questions of general
maritime law
Oui newly established relations with the Su-
blime Porte piomise to be useful tooui commerce,
and satisfactory, in evei y respect, to this Govern- I
ment Our intercourse with the Baibary Powers
continues without impoitant change, except that
the piesent political state of Algiers has induced
me to teimmate the íesidence theie of a salaried
consul, and to substitute an oidmary consulate,
to íemain so long as the place continues in the
possession of Fiance Our fiist tieaty with one
of these Powers—the Empeior of Moioeco—was
foimedrn 1760, and was limited to fifty years
That period has almost expired I shall take
measures to lenew it with the gieatersatisfaetion,
as its stipulations are just and liberal, and have
been, with mutual fidelity and reeipiocal advant-
age, sciupulously fulfilled
Intestine dissensions have too frequently oc-
cuned to mai the piospenty, inteiiupt the com
merco, and distract the Governments of most of
the nations of fins hemispheic which have sepa-
rated themselves fiom Spain When a fiim and
permanent understanding with the paientcountry
shall have produced a foi mal acknowledgment of
their independence, and the idea of danger fiom
delay for the íeasonsanticipated—the prevalence
of civil war The commissioners and suiveyois
not having met within the time stipulated by the
tieaty, a new anangement became necessary, and
our chaigé d'affanes was instructed, in Januaiy
last, to negotiate, in Mexico, an article additional
to the preexisting tieaty This lnstiuction was
acknowledged, and no difficulty was apprehended
in the accomplishment of that object By in
I formation just íeceived, that additional ai tide to
the treaty will be obtained, and transmitted to
this country as soon as it can receive the íatifi-
cation of the Mexican Congiess
The íeumon of the thiee States of New Gran-
ada, Venezuela, and Equador,forrmng the Repub-
lic of Colombia, seemseveiy day to become more
impiobable. The commissioneis oí the two first
aie undeistood to be now negotiating ajustdivis-
lonofthe obligations contiacted by them when
united under one Government The civil wai m
Equadol, it is believed, has pieventtd even the
appointment of a commissionci on its pait
I propose, at an eaily day, to submit, in the
propti foim, the appointment of a diplomatic
agent to Venezuela, the importance of the com-
merce of that country to the United States, and
the large claims of oui citizens upon the Govern-
ment, ansmg before and since the division of
Colombia, tendering it, in myjudgment, improper
''longei to delay this step
Our representatives to Central America, Peiu,
and Brazil, are cither at, oi on their way to, then
respective posts
From the Argentine Republic, fiom which a
minister was expected to this Gov 11 nmc nt, nothing
further has been heaid Occasion has been take n,
on the depaiture of a new consul to Buenos
Ayies, to remind that Government, that its long
delayed minister, whose appointment had been
made known to us, had not ai rived
It becomes my unpleasant duty to inform you
that this pacific and highly giatifymg picture of
our foreign íelitions docs not include those with
Fiance at this time. It is not possible that any
Government and people could be more sinceiely
desnous of conciliating a just and futndlv inter
course with anothei nation, than aie those of the
United States with their ancient ally and fnend
This disposition is founded, as well on the most
giateful and honoiable lecollections assocuted
with our struggle foi independence, as upon a
well-grounded conv ictioii th it it is consonant with
thetiue policy of both The people of the United
States could not, therefoie, see, without the di ep-
est íegiet, even a tomporaiy mtenuption of the
friendly relations between the two counting—a
regret which would, I am sure, be greatly asgia-
vated, if theie should tuin out to be any reasonable
giouiid for attributing such a íesult to any act or"
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
omission or commission on our part I denve,
therefne, the highest satisfaction from being able
to issure you, that the whole couise of this Gov
einment lias been chaiactenzcd by a spmt so
conciliatory and foibeanng, as to make ltimpos
¡bible that our justice and modulation should be
questioned, whatever may be the consequences
ofa longei perseveiance, on the paitof the French
Government, in hei omission to satisfy the con-
ceded claims of our citizens
The histoi y of the accumulated and unprovoked
aggressions upon our commerce, committed by
authonty ot the existing Governments of Fiance,
between the yeais 1800 and 1817, has been ren-
deied too painfully familai to Americans to make
its repetition eithei necessaiyor desirable It
will be sufficient here to remaik, that there has,
for many years, been scaicely a single adminis-
tration of the French Government by whom the
justice and legality of the claims of oui citizens
to indemnity weie not, to a veiy considerable
extent, admitted, and vet neai a quarter of a cen
tiny has been wasted in ineffectual negotiations
to secuie it
Deeply sensible of the injurious effects íesult-
mg from this state of things upon  the interests   i
and chaiacter of both  nations, I íegarded it as
among mv fiist duties to cause one more effort I
to be made to satisfy Fiance, that a just and
liberal settlement of our cKims was as well due
to hei own honoi as to then incontestable valid   ¡¡
lty      1 lie negotiation for this purpose was com   '
menced with the late Government of Fiance, and  |
was prosecuted with such success, as to 1 a\e no
r< abonable giound to doubt, that a settlement of
a chaiactei   quite as  libeial as that wInch "was
subsequently made   would   ha/e  been   effected,
had not the revolution, by which the negotiation
was cut off, taken place     The discussions weie
lesumed with the present Government,   uid the
lesnlt showed, tint we weie notwiong in sup
posing, that an event by which the two Govern
mi nts w ere made to appi oach each othei so mu h
neaiei in then political pnnciples, and by vvl ich  i
thi motives foi the most liberal and fncndly mtei
course were so gicatlymultiphed, could cxcicise  i
no othei tnan a salut uy influe ncc upon tne ue
gotiation     Aftci  the most dchbei-uc and thoi    i
ough examination of the whole subject, i tieatv
between the twoGoveinments wasconcluded and
signed at Pans on the 4th of July, 1831, by which
it was stipulate d that " tin. Fipnch Government,
moidei to liberate itself fiomall the leclunations
picfened  against it by  dtizcns  of the United
States, for unlawful seizures, captures, seques
unions,  coniiscvtions, or  destiuction   of then
vessels, caigoes, oi othei piopeity, engages to
pav a s im of tw< nty five millions ot tianes to the
United Stucs, who shall distiibutc it among those  I
entitl d, in the miiini i and accoidne. to the rules   |
it ohall dctf inline      and it was also stipuhted, on
the p m toft le Tienen Government, that this twen    ,
ty five millions, ot inn s should " i   pail it Puis   ,
in six aiuiuil lnstillme nts ot foui million one bun
dred and  sixty six thousand  six bundled and
sixty six   fiancs and  sixty six  centimes  cell,
i uo tne hands of sueh poison oi peisons as sh ill
be authoii7 d by the Government of the United
St itcs to re-en e it,v the fiist installment to be paid  j
"at thecxpntuou ot one jeir in xt following the
exchange of the unifications of th s convention,  I
and the others at successive inteivals ofa yeai,
one attei anothei, till the whole shall be pxid    To
the amount of each of the said installments shall
be addedHiteiost it foui   pel  centum theienpon,
as  U])on the  othir installm n s then lemuning
unpaid, the said mteiest to be eomputi d iiom the
diy of the exchange of tin  pies nt convention
it vv is so stipul ited, on th put ot tin United
Stxtes, foi the pulpos of being comph tcly^libei
Uid fiomall theieclamationspiescnted by Fiance
on bihalt of its citizens, that tin sum of one mill
ion five hundied thousind tiai es should be paid
to the Cioiumuil ot Iiance, in six aiuiuil m
stallments, to be deducted out of the umual sums
which Fiance has igrecd to pey, mteiest theie-
npon bung m like muinei computed fiom the
day of the exeh mge of tin ntifii vtions In ad
dition to this stipulation, impoitant advtntigts
were seemed to Fi nn e by the following ai tick ,
viz "Th wines of 1 lance, fiom and aftci
tin exchange of the i animations ol the piesert
convention, shall be admitted to consumption
in the States of the U non, at duties which shall
not exceed the following rates by the gallon,
(such as is used at'piesentfor wines m the United
States,) to wit six cents for red wines in casks
ten cents for white wines in casks, and twenty
two cents for wines of all sorts in bottles The
proportions existing between the duties on French
wines thus íeduced, and the general rates of the
tariff which went into opeiation on the first of
Januaiy, 1829, shall be maintained, in case the
Government of the United States should think
proper to diminish those geneial rates in a ne.v
tariff "                                                                           |
In consideration of this stipulation, which shall
be binding on the Umti d States for ten yeais, the
Fiench Government abandons the reclamations
which it had foimedm i elation to the eighth article
of the treaty of cession of Louisiana it engages, I
moieovei, to establish on the "longstaple cottons
of the United States, which, after the exchange
of the ratifications of the piesent convention,
shall be biought dnectly thence to Fiance by
the vessels of the United States, or by Tienen ¡
vessels, the same duties as on shoit staple cottons "
This treaty was duly latified m the mannei |
presenbed by the constitutions of both countries,
and the latification w as exchange d at the city of
Washington on the 2d of Feoruary, 1832 On I
account of its commeicial stipulations it was, in j
five days thereaftei, laid befoie the Congress of'
the United States, which pioceeded to enact such
laws fav orable to the commeice of Fiance as were
neeissaiy to cany it into full execution, and
Fiance has, fiom that period to the piesent, been |
in the unicstnctcd enjoyment of the valu ible
piiVileges that were theis seceucd to her The
faith ot the French nation having been thus sol-
emnly pkdged, thiough its onstitutional oigan,
loi the liquidation and ultimate payment of the
long defened chums uf oui citizens, as also for
the adjustment ot othei points of gieat and íe
cipiocil bem fits to bothcountn s, and the United
States having with a fidelity and piomptitude by
which then conduct will, 1 tiust, be alw tys ch u
aeteuzid, done ev i y tiling thu was nccessai}
to c ui v the tieaty into full and fan effect on then
put, counted, with the most perfect confluence,
on equal fid hty and piomptitude on the pait of
the I ícnch Government In this icasoiiable ex
pi ct tion we hive bien, Iiegutto infoim vou,
wholly disappointed No legislative piovision
has been made by France for 'he t xecution of the
tie lty, either as it lespects the indemnity to be
paid, oi the commeicial benefits to be secuicd to
the United States, and the relations between the
United States and that Povvei, m consequence
theicof, aie placed in a situation thieatening to
intcriupt the good und i standing which has so
ling and so happily existed between the two
nvtxons
Not only has the Tienen. Gov einment been thus
wanting in the peifoimance of the stipulations it
has so solemnly entered into with the Lnittd
States, but us omissions have been maiked by en
cumstjncLs which would seem to leave us with
out satisfaetoi v evidence^, that such perfoinitnee
will ceitamly take place at a futuie peuod Advice
of the exchange of latifuatious íeaihcd Pans
piíoi to the Bth of Apnl, 1832 The French
Chamber weie then sitang, and con mued in
session until the 21st of that month and although
one nistillment of the indemnity was ptyablc on
the 2d of Febiuaiy, ISW, on< veai aftci the ex
change of latifieations, no application was made
to the Chambeis foi the lequued appiopnation
and m consequence of no appiopnation hiving
thin been made, the diaft ot the Unit d States
Government foi that installment was dishonoied
by the Minis ei of Fin mee, mil the United States
thcieby involved m much c mtiovei^y fue n xt
session of the Chambeis communed on the 1 )th
of jNovembci, 1832, and contin led until the 2ath
of April, 1833 ^Notwithstanding the omission
to pay the fust installment had been mtde th
subj ct of earnest lemoostranee on oui pait, tin
ueaty with tlu United States, and a bill making
the necessaiy appiopnation  to execute it, weie
not laid befoie the Chambei of Deputies until the
5th of Apnl,neaily five months aftei its meeting,
and only nineteen days b foie the close ol the
session     The  bill was  lead and  lefeircd to  a
committee, but there was no fuither action upon
it   The next session of the Chambers commenced
on the 26th of April, 1833, and continued until
the 26th of June following      A new bill was
mtioduced on the 11th of June, but nothing im-
portant  was  done  in  relation  to it during the
session     In the month of April, 1834, neaily
thiee yeais after the signatuie of the treaty, the
final action of the French Chambers upon the bill
¡l to cairy the tieaty into effect was obtained, and
i| resulted in a refusal of the necessaiy appiopri-
i atmns    The avowed giounds upon which the
j  bill was rejected are to be found in the published
|  debates of that body, and no observations of mine
j can be necessary to satisfy Congiess of then uttei
I insufficiency     Although the gross amount of the
claims of our citizens is piobably greater than
will be ultimately allowed by the commissioners,
sufficient is, nevertheless, shown, to   render   it
absolutely cei tain that the indemnity falls fai short
of the actual amount of our just claims, inde-
pendently of the question of damages and mteiest
foi the detention     That the settlement involved
a saenfice in this íesptct was well known at the
time—a saenfice which was clieei fully acquiesced
in by the diffcient blanches of the Fedeial Gov-
ernment, whose action upon the tieaty was re
quired, fiom a sincere desire to avoid fuither col-
lision upon this old and disturbing subject, and
in  the  confident  expectation  that the geneial
relations between the two countries would be ím-
pioved thereby
The refusal to vote the appropriation, the news
of which was íeceivedfiom oui Minister in Pans
about the 15th day of Mav last, might have been
considered the fin ü deteimn aaon of the Fiench
Government not to execute the stipulations of
the tieety,and would have justified an immediate
communication of the facts to Congiess, with a
lpoommenelation of such eiltimate measures as
the interest and honoi of the United States might
seem to lequne But with the news of the refusal
of the Chambei s to make the appiopnation, weie
conveyed the íegrets of the King, and a declara-
tion that a national vessel should be foithvvith
sent out with instiuctions to the Fiench Minister
I to give the most ample explanations of the past,
| and the strongest assurances foi the future After
a long passage, the piomised dispatch vessel
arnved The pledges given by the French Min-
lstei, upon receipt of his mstiuctions, were, that,
as soon after the election of the new membeis as
the ch trier would peimit, the Legislative Cham
beis of France should be called togethei, and the
proposition for an appiopnation laid befoie them,
! that all the constitutional powers of the King and
I his Ctbinet should be excited to accomplish the
object, and th it the re suit should be made known
eaily enough to be communicated to Congiess at
the commencement of the piesent session Re-
lying upon these pledges, and not doubting that
the acknowledged justice of oui claims, the
piomised exertions of the King uid his Cabinet,
and, above all, tint sicred íegardfoi the national
futh mil honoi for winch the Fiench chaiacter
h s been so distinguished, would secuie an eaily
execution of the tieaty in ill its parts, I did not
deem it necessaiy to call the attention of Con-
giess to the sub] et U the list session
I legiet to sav that the pledges made through
the Ministei of Fiance have not been redeemed
The new Chimbéis met on the 31st July list,and
although the subjc ct of fulfillu " treaties was al-
luded to in the speech f loin 'he 1 hi one, no attempt
was mode by the King oi his Cabinet to piocure
an appiopmtion to cany it into execution The
leasons given foi this omission, although they
might be considuedsufiicic nt in an ordinal y case,
ai "not tons stent with the expectations founded
upon the cissiudiiees given heie, foi there is no
constitutii nal obstacle to entenng into legislative
business at the fi t m eting of the Chambeis
This pom , how ever, might have been overlooked,
had not the Chambeis instead of being called to
meet at so eaily a day that the lesult of their de-
hbei itions might be communicated to me befoie
the me ear g of Congress, been piorogued to the
29th of the piesent month—a period so late that
then decision cm scaicely be made known to the
piesent Consiess pnoi to its dissolution To
avoid this d. Ivy, out Ministei in Par s, in virtue
of the assuiauee given by the French Ministei m
4                                          THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        December 2,
the United States, strongly urged the convocation
of the Chambers at an earlier day, but without
success. It is proper to remark, however, that
this refusal has been accompanied with the most
-positive assurances, on the part of the executive
Government of France, of their intention to press
the appropriation at the ensuing session of the
Chambers.
The executive branch of this Government has,
as matters stand,exhausted all the authority upon
the subject with which it is invested, and which
it had any reason to believe could be beneficially
employed.
The'idea of acquiescing in the refusal to exe-
cute the treaty will not, T am confident, be for a
moment entertained by any branch of this Gov-
ernment; and further negotiation is equally out
of the question.
If it shall be the pleasure of Congress to await
the further action of the French Chambers, no
further consideration of the subject will, at this
session, probably be required at-your hands.
But if, from the original 'delay in asking for an
appropriation, from the refusal of the Chambers
to grant it when asked, from the omission to bring
the subject .beforethe Chambers at their last ses-
sion, from the fact that, including that session,
there have been five different occasions when the
appropriation might have been made, and from
the delay in convoking the Chambers until some
weeks after the meeting of Congress, when it
was well known that a communication of the
whole subject to Congress at the last session was
prevented byassurances lliat it should be disposed
of before its present meeting, you should feel
yourselves constrained to doubt whether it be the
intention of the French Government, in all its
branches, to carry the treaty into effect, and think
that such measures as the occasion may be deemed
to call for should now be adopted, the important
question arises what those measures-shall be?
Our institutions are essentially pacific. Peace
and friendly intercourse with all nations arc as
much the desire of our Government as they are
the interest of our people. But these objects are
not to be permanently secured by surrendering
the rights of our citizens, or permitting solemn
treaties for their indemnity in cases of flagrant
wrong to be abrogated and set aside.
It is undoubtedly in the power of Congress se-
riously to affect the agricultural and manufacturing
interests of France, by the passage of laws relating
to her trade with the United States. Her products,
manufactures, and tonnage, may be subjected to
heavy duties in our ports, or all commercial in-
tercourse with her may be suspended. But there
are powerful, and, to my mind, conclusive, ob-
jections to this mode of pioceeding. We cannot
embarrass or cut off the trade of France, with-
out, at the same time, in some degree, embarrass-
ing or cutting off our own trade. The injury of
such a warfare must fall, though unequally, upon
our own citizens, and could not but impair the
means of the Government, and weaken that united
sentiment in support of the rights and honor of
the nation, which must now pervade every bosom.
Nor is it impossible that such a course of legisla-
tion would introduce once more into our national
councils those disturbing questions in relation to
the tariff of duties which have been so recently
put to rest. Besides, by every measure adopted
by the Government of the United States with the
view of injuring France, the clear perception of
right which will induce our own people, and the
rulers and people of all other nations, even of
France herself, to pronounce our quarrel just, will
be obscured, and the support rendered to us in a
final resort to more decisive measures, will be
more limited and equivocal. There is but one
pom tin the controversy, and upon that the whole
civilized world must pronounce France to be in
the wrong. Wo insist that she shall pay us a
sum of money, which she has acknowledged to
be due; and of the justice of this demand, there
can be but one opinion among mankind. True
policy would seem to dictate that the question at
issue should be kept thus disincumbered, and that
not the slightest pretense should be given to
France to persist in her refusal to make payment,
by any act on our part affecting the interests of
her people. The question should be left as it is
now, in such an attitude that when France fulfills
| her treaty stipulations, all controversy will be at
' an end.
;     It is my conviction, that the United States ought
i to insist on a prompt execution of the treaty, and
1 in case it be refused, or longer delayed, take re-
! dress into their own hands.    After a delay on
; the part of France of a quarter of a century in
i acknowledging these claims by treaty, it is not to
j be tolerated that another quarter of a century is
, to be wasted in negotiating about the payment.
j The laws  of nations provide a remedy for such
I occasions.    It is a well settled principle of the
j international code, that where one nation owes
| another a liquidated debt, which it refuses or
neglects to pay, the aggrieved party may seize on
the property belonging to the other, its citizens
or subjects, sufficient to pay the debt, without
giving just cause of war.    This remedy has been
repeatedly resorted to, and recently by France
herself towards Portugal, under circumstances
less unquestionable.
The time at which resort should be had to this,
or any other mode of redress, is a point to be
decided by Congress. If an appropriation shall
not be made by the French Chambers at their I
next session, it may justly be concluded that the
Government of France has finally determined to
disregard its own solemn undertaking, and refuse
to pay an acknowledged debt. In that event,
every day's delay on our part will be a stain upon
our national honor, as well as a denial of justice
to our injured citizens. Prompt measures, when
the refusal of France shall be complete, will not
only be most honorable and just, but will have
the best effect upon our national character.
Since France, in violation of the pledges given
through her minister here, has delayed her final
action so long that her decision will not probably
be known in time to be communicated to this
Congress, I recommend that a law be passed,,
authorizing reprisals upon French property, in
case provision shall not be made for the payment
of the debt, at the approaching session of the
| French Chambers. Sucha measure ought not to
i be considered by France as amenace. Her pride
and power are too well known to expect anything
from her fears, and preclude the necessity of a
declaration that nothing partaking of the character
of intimidation is intended by us. She ought to
look upon it as the evidence only of an inflexible
determination on the part of the United States to
insist on their rights. That Government, by
doing only what it has itself acknowledged to be
just, will be able to spare the United States the
necessity of taking redress into their own hands,
and save the property of French citizens from that
seizure and sequestration which American citi-
zens so long endured without retaliation or re-
dress. If she should continue to refuse that act
of acknowledged justice, and in violation of the
law of nations make reprisals on our part the
occasion of hostilities against the United States,
she would but add violence to injustice, and could
tint fail to expose herself to the just censure of
civilized nations, and to the retributive judgments
of Heaven.
Collision with France is the more to be regret-
ted, on account of the position she occupies in
Europe in relation to liberal institutions. But-in
maintaining our national rights and honor, all
Governments are alike to us. If, by a colli«ion
with France, in a case where she is clearly in the
wrong, the march of liberal principles shall bo
impeded, the responsibility for that result, as well
as every other, will rest on her own head.
Having submitted these considerations, it be-
longs to Congress to decide whether, after what
has taken place, it will still await the further ac-
tion of the French Chambers, or now adopt such
provisional measures as it may deem necessary
I and best adapted to protect the rights and main-
tain the honor of the country. Whatever that
decision may be, it will be faithfully enforced by
the Executive, as far as he is authorized so to do.
According to the estimate of the Treasury De-
partment, the revenue accruing, from all sources,
during the present year, will amount to twenty
millions six hundred and twenty-four thousand
seven hundred and seventeen dollars, which, with
the balance remaining in the Treasury on the first
of January last, of eleven millions seven hundred
and two thousand nine hundred and five dollars,
roduces an aggregate of thirty-two millions-three
undred and twenty-seven thousand six hundred
and twenty-three dollars. The total expenditure
during the year for all objects, including the pub-
lic debt, is estimated at twenty-five millions five
hundred and ninety-one thousand three hundred
and ninety dollars, which will leave a balance in
the Treasury on the firstof January, 1835, of six
millions seven hundred and thirty-six thousand
two hundred and thirty-two dollars. In this bal-
ance, however, will be included about one mil-
lion one hundred and fifty thousand dollars of
what was heretofore reported by the Department
as not effective.
Of former appropriations it is estimated that
there will remain unexpended at the close of the
year, eight million two thousand nine hundred
and twenty-five dollars, and of this sum there
will not be required more than five million one
hundred and forty-one thousand nine hundred
and sixty-four dollars to accomplish the objects
of all the current appropriations. Thus it appears
that, after satisfying all those appropriations, and
after discharging the lastilem of our public debt,
which will be done on the 1st of January next,
there will remain unexpended in the Treasury
an effective balance of about four hundred and
forty thousand dollars. That such should be the
aspect of our finances is highly flattering to the
industry and enterprise of our population, and
auspicious of the wealth and prosperity which
await the future cultivation of their growing re-
sources. It is not deemed prudent, however, to
recommend any change for the present in our im-
post rates, the effect of the gradual reduction now
in progress in many of them not being sufficiently
tested to guide us in determining the precise
amount of revenue which they will produce.
Free from public debt, at peace with all the
world, and with no complicated interests to con-
sult in our intercourse with foreign Powers, the
present may be hailed as that epoch in our history
the most favorable for the settlement of those
principles in our domestic policy which shall be
best calculated to give stability to our Republic,
and secure the blessings of freedom to our citi-
zens. Among these principles, from our past
experience, it cannot be doubted that simplicity
in the character of the Federal Government, and
a rigid economy in its administration should be
regarded as fundamental and sacred. All must
be sensible that the existence of the public debt,
by rendering taxation necessary for its extin-
guishment, has increased the difficulties which
are inseparable from every esercise of the taxing
power-, and that it was, in this respect, a remote
¡ agent in producing those disturbing questions
which grew out of the discussions relating to the
tariff. If such hits been the tendency of a debt
incurred in the acquisition and maintenance of
our national rights and liberties, the obligations
of which all portions of the Union cheerfully
acknowledged, it must be obvious, that whatever
is calculated to increase the burdens of Govern-
ment without necessity must be fatal to all our
hopes of preserving its true character While
we are felicitating ourselves, therefore, upon the
extinguishment of the national debt, and the
prosperous state of our finifnecs, let us not be
tempted to depart from those sound maxims of
public policy which enjoin a just adaptation of
the revenue to the expenditures that are consis-
tent with a rigid economy, and an entire absti-
nence from all topics of legislation that are not
clearly within the constitutional powers of the
Government, and suggested by the wants of the
country. Properly regarded, under such a pol-
icy, every diminution of the public burdens
arising from taxation gives to individual enter-
prise increased power, and furnishes to all the
members of our happy Confederacy new motives
for patriotic affection and support. But, above
all, its most important effect will be found in its
inilueiii-e .upon the character of the Government,
by confining its action to those objects which will
be sure to secure to it the attachment and sup-
port of our fellow-citizens.
Circumstances make it my duty to call the
attention of Congress to the Bank of the United
S.tates. Created for the convenience of the Gov-
ernment, that institution has become the scourge
of the people.    Its interference to postpone the
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
payment of a portion of the national debt, that it
might retain the public money appiopnated for
that piupose, to stiengthen it in a political con-
test—the extiaoidmaiy extension and contraction
of its accommodations to the community—its cor-
r ipt and partisan loans—its exclusion of the pub
lie dnectois fiom a knowledge cf its most import-
ant pioccedmgs—ti c unlimited authority con-
ferred on the piesident to ( xptnd its funds in
hiring wntus, and piocunng the execution of
punting, and the use made ol that authonty—the
íetention of the pension money and books after
the selection of new agents—the gioundless claim
to heavy damages, m consequence of the protect
of the bill diawn on the Iiench Government,
have, through v irious ch iniicls, been laid befoie
Congiess Immed ately aftei the close of the last
session, the bank, tluough its president, an
nounced its ability and rradiness to abandon the
sys+en of unpai Ulelcd curtailment, and the inter
ruption of domestic exchanges, which it had piac-
ticed upon fiom the 1st of August, lb33, to the
30th of June, 1834, and to extend its accommoda
tions to the community The grounds assumed
m this annunciation amounted to an acknowledg-
ment that the cuitaihntnt, in the extent to vvnich
it had been carried, was not necessary to the
safety of the bank, and had been persisted in
inertly to induce Congiess to giant the prayei of
thp bank m its momonal relative to the removal
of the deposits, and o give it a new ch"iter
They wcie substantially a confession that a'l the
leal distiesses which individuals ind the countiy
hadenduird foi the piecedmgsix oi eight months
hid been needlessly pioduced by it, with theview
or affecting, tluough the sufeimgs of the people,
the legislativ e action of Congiess It is a sub]ect
of congratulation tl at Congiess and the countiy
had the \iraie °nd fiimi ess-to beai th" infliction,
that the cntigits. of our people soon found relief
from this wanton tyranny, in vast impoitation 
of the piccious meta s fiom almost every pait of
thcwoild, and thatatth c'o e of this tremendous
eífoi t to contiol oui Government, the bank found
itself pow lless, and no longi i vblc to loan out its
suiplus means The community has lea ned to
manage its affairs w ithout its assistance, and trade
had already found new auxiliaries so that on the
1st of Oetobei last the extraordinai y spectacle was
presented of a national bank, more than one half
of whose capital v as either lying unpioductivc
in its vaults, oi m the hands of foieiffn bankeis
To the needless d stresses biought on the
^ountiy dunng the last session of Congiess, has
since been added the open si izuic of he dividends
on the public stock, to the amount of one thousand
seven 1 undi d and foi^y one doll irs undti pre-
tense of payin  dam ig s, cost, and interest, upon
the protes ed Fi ench bill This sum co istituted a
poitionot the estimated ie\i nucsfoi the "v ear 1834
upon which theappiopnations madebj Congress
weie based It would as soon h ive been expected
th it oni coll ctois w ould seiz on the customs, oi
theitcer ersofourlai dofliccson t'n moneysaiis
ingfiomthe salt of public ltnds,uidei pietenses
of claims against the United St ites, as th i+ the
bank wouldliave retained the divid nds Indeed,
if the pimciple be established that any one vvno
choos s to set up a claim against the United
'state" may, w thout ai thonty of h / seize on
the public pioputyoi money wheievei he can
find it, to pav the claim, then will lemui no as
suiaive that oui nvenue will i tac a the Tieas-
u y, oi that it wi'l b< applied afta thcappropua
tion to the puiposes designated in the law The
paymasters of oui aimy, and thepurscis o**oi i
navy, may, und i like pict< uses, apply to th n
own tiae moneys appiopmttd to sctm motion the
public foiet, and in tu le of wai lea^e the countiy
without defenst This measuie lesoittd to by
tin, bulk, is disorgamzmg and uvoluti man
and ifgcncially i< soittd to by private citizens m
like cises, would fill the land with tnaichyand
m ilence
It s a constitutional piovision, that " no money
shall be d'twn fiom the Titasuiv but m eonse
c|u< u e of appiopnations made bylaw ' The
¡ alpable object of this provision is to piev n* the
expel dituu of the p ibhc money foi my pulpóse
whitsoevei, vv Inch snail not have bcnifiist ap
I i iv d by the upicstntativ s ot the p o, 1 , and
til    V ite   in Con„icss   isscmbltd     It vtsU the
power of declaring for what purpose the public
| money shall be expended m the legislative de-
partment of the Government, to the exclusion of
I the executive and judicial, and it is not withm
♦he const tutional authority of either of those
departments to pay it away without law, or to
sanction its payment According to this plain
constitutional piovmon the claim of the bank can
| never be paid without an appropnation by act of
Congress But the bank has n vei asked for an
appiopnation It attempts to defeat the provision
of the Constitution, and obtain payment without
| an act of Congiess Instead of awaiting an ap
propnation passed by both Houses, and appioved
. by the Piesident, it makes an appropnation for
itself, and invites an appeal to the judiciary to
I sanction it     That the money had not technically
i been paid into the Tieasury, does not affect the
I pimciple intended to be established by the Con
stitution     The executive and judiciuy have as
! httl i ight to appropi iat( and expend the public
money without authority of law, before it is
placed to the ciedit of the Tieasuiei, as to take it
fiom the Treasury In the annual repoit of the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, and in his coirespond-
ence with the president of the bank, and the
opinions of the Attorney Geneial accompanying
it, you will find a fuither examination of the
claims of the bank, and the course it has pui sued
It seems due to the safety of the public funds
remaining in the bank, and to the honor of the
American people, that measuies be taken to sep
aiatt the Government entnely fiom an institution
so mischievous to the public piospenty, and so
regardless of the Constitution and la-vs By tnns
feiimg the public deposits, by appointing othei
pension agents, as fai as it had the powei,by
oidei ng thediseontmu inceof the leccipt ofbaik
checks in payment of the public dues iftei the
fiist diy of Januaiy next, the Executive has ex
eited all its lawful authority to sevei the connec
tion between the Government and this faithless
coipo ration
' Ihe high handed eaieei of this institution ml
poses unon the constitutional function uies of this
Government duties of thegiavest anu mostim
peiative chaitctei—duties which they canno*
avoid, and fiom which I tiust theie will bo no
inclination on tnc part of any of them to sliiink
I My own sense of them is most cleai, as is also
| my  readiness   to  discharge  those  which  may
I rightfully fall on me To continue any business
lelations with the Bank of the United States th it
I may be avoided without a violation of the national
faith, after that institution has set at open dffiance
the conceded light of the Government to examine
! its affaus   aftei it has done all in its power to
deride the public authonty in othei iespects,and
to bung it into disrepute at home and abioad,
\ftei it has attempted to defeit the cleaily ex
pressed will of the people, by tinning  against
them the immense powir mtiusteu to its hinds,
aid  by involving a countiy othei wise peaceful,
flouiismng, and happy , in dissension, embarrass
meat, and distiess—would make the nation itself
a pa-ty to the degiadation so sedulously piepaied
foi its public agents—and do much to destioytlie
confidence of mank nd in popjlai governments
ai d to bung into contemnt the i  authonty and
effriencv      In guarding against an evil of such
magnitude, cousiduations ot  tenporaiy come
niencc should be thrown out of the question, and
w e should be nifl icnced by such motives only as
look to the honor and pi estivation of the ltpub
bean svsttm      Deeply and solen nly mipi ssed
with the justice of these views, I feel it to be my
duty to itcommend to you tl at a J«v be piss1 d
" authoiizmg the sale of tin public stock tint the
piovisian of the chaitti lequuing the receipt of
notes of the Bank in pwment of public dues,
shall,in ace ldineewith the povvi i itscrved to
Congi ss m the fo uteenth section of the chartei,
bt suspended until the bank pa) s to the 1 íe isurei
the dividends withhdd aid thatjtll laws ton
nectir  the Government oi its officeiswith the
btnk, uuectly oi indntaly,be íepeika and that
the institution be left heieafter to its own it
souices md means
Ev tuts lines itisfitd my mind and T think the
minds of the Vmaicm p ople, that the mischiefs
a id dingers which flow lio n a national b nk fa
overoalance all it-, am uitiBeS      The bold effoit
the present bank has made to control the Gov-
ernment, the distresses it has wantonly produced,
the violence of which it has been the occasion in
one of oui cities famed for its observance of law
and order, are butpiemonitions of the fate which
awaits the American people should they be de-
luded into a peipetuation of this institution, or
the establishment of another like it It is fer-
vently hoped that, thus admonished, those who
have heretofore favored the establishment of a
substitute for the present bank, will be induced to
abandon it, as it is evidently better to incur any
inconvenience that may be reasonably expected,
than to concentiate the whole moneyed powei of
the Republic m any form whatsoever, or under
any restnctions
Happily it is aheady illustrated that the agency
of such an institution is not necessary to the fiscaj
opeiations of the Government The State banks
are found fully adequate to the performance of all
services which were rcquned of the Bank of the
United States, quite as piomptly, and with the
same cheapness They have maintained them-
selves, and discharged all these duties, while the
Bank of the United States was still powei ful, and
m the field as an open enemy, and it is not possi-
ble to conceive that tl ey will find greatei difficul-
ties in their opeiations when that enemy shall
cease to exist
The attention of Congiess is earnestly invited
to the leguHtion of the deposits in the State
banks by law Although the powei now exer
ciscd by the executive department in this behalf
is only such as was uniformly excited through
every «Vdmnnstration, fiom the oiigm of the Gov-
ernment up to the establishment of the piesent
bank, yet it is one which is susceptible of regu-
lation by law, and, theiefore, ought so to be
regulated The powei of Congiess to dnect in
what places the Tieasurei shall keep the moneys
in the Treasuiy, and to impose restnctions upon
the executive authonty m relation to their cus
tody and removal, is unlimited, and its exercise
w ill lathei be com ted than discouraged by those
puolic ofliceis and agents on whom rests the
responsibility foi their safety Itisdesiiable that
as little powei as possible should be left to the
President oi Secretary of the Treasury over those
institutions, which, being thus need fiom exec-
utive influence, and without a common head to
dnect their operations, would have neither the
temptation noi the ability to interfere ill the polit-
ical <onflicts of the country Not denvmg their
ch u teis fi om the national authonties, they would
nevei have those inducements to meddle in gen-
eral elections which have led the Bank of the
United States to agitate and convulse the country
foi upwards of two years
The pi ogress of our gold coinage is creditable
to the ofliceis of the Mint, and promises in a
short penod to furnish the countiy with a sound
and poit iblt cunencv, which will much diminish
the inconvenience to travelers of the want of a
geneial paper cuirency, should the State banks
bt incapable of furnishing it Those institutions
haie iheady shown themselves competent to
pui chase and furnish domestic exchange for the
convenience of tiade at reasonable lates and not
a doubt is entertained that, in a short period, all
the wvntsof the countiy in bank accommoda-
tions and exchange will bo supplied as promptly
and chtapl) as they have heietofore been by the
Bank of the United States If the several States
shall be induced gradually to leform their bank
nig systems, and prohibit the issue of all small
notes, we shall, in a few yiais, have a currency
as sound, and as little liable to fluctuations, as
any othtr commeicial countiy
The íepoit of the Sec etaiy of Wai, together
with the accompanying documents from the seve
íal bureaus of that Depaitment, will exhibit the
situ «ion of the vanous objects committed to us
admnustntion
No event his occuned since your last session
tendering necessaiy un movementsof the Aimy,
with the exception of the expedition of the legi-
m nt ot diagoons into the temtoiy of the wan-
dtingand predatoiv tubes inhabiting the west-
ern fionterand living adjacent to the Mexican
boundaiy Ihtsc tribes have been heittofoic
known to us pimcipally by then attacks upon
out ow n citizens and upon other Indians entitled
6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
to the protection of the United States It became
necessary for the peace of the fiontieis to check
these habitual mioads, and I am happy to mfoim
you that the object has been effected without the j
commission of any act of hostility Co'onel
Dodge, and the tioops undei his command,have
acted with equal fiimness and humanity, and an
auangement has been made with those Indians,
which it is hoped will assuie then permanent
pacific relations with the United States and the
other tribes of Indians upon that boi der It is to
be regretted that the prevalence of sickness in
that quartei has deprived the country of a num
bci of valuable lives, and particularly that Gen
eial Leavenwoith, an officei well known and
esteemed foi his gallant services in the late war,
and for his subsequent good conduct, lias fallen a
victim to his zeal and exertions in the discharge
of his duty
The Army is m a high state of discipline Its
moial condition, so fai as that is known here, is
good, and the vanous blanches of the public
sciviee are caiefully attended to It is amply
sufficient,under its piesentoiganization, foi pro-
viding the neeessaiy ganisons for the seabo u d
and for the defense of the internal frontiei, ind
also for picseiving the elements of militai y knowl
edge, and foi keeping pace with those lmpiovc-
mi nts which modem oxpeiience is continually
making And these objects appeal to me to em-
bi ice all the legitimate purposes for whichapci-
manent mihtaiv ioice should be maintained in
our country The lessons of history teach us
its dangci, and the tendency which exists to an
increase This can be best met and avcited by
a just ciution on the part of the public itself, and
of those who lcprcscnt them in Congiess
From the duties which devolve on the engineei
dopaitmcnt, and upon the topogiaphical ongi
neers, a diffeient oigamzation seems to be de-
manded by the public inteii st, and I ice ommtnd
tin subject to your consideiatwn
No impoitaiit change has, duiing this season,
taken place in the condition of the Indians Ai-
laugcmcnts aie in piogiessfoi the íemovalof the
Ciceks, and will soon b( foi the removal of the
hcmmolcs i íegiet that the Chriokee¡> east of
the Mississippi have not yet deteimined, as a
community, to lemoio How long the pcisonal
ciuse& which have hciotoforc íetaided that ulti
matcly inevitable me asme will continue to ope-
late 1 am unible to conjectine It is oeitain,
howt vi i, th it delay will bung with it ae cumulated
ev is, vvhuh will ícndi i tin n condition mou and
moic unpleasmt The experience ofevciy yi ai
adds to the conviction, that emigiatioti, and that
alone, can piesti ve fiom distinction th< uinii int
of the tubes yet living among us The f icility
vv ith which the ni ce ss incs etf lif ne piocmicl,
ami the treaty stipulations, providing aid foi tin
emigi int Indians in th' iragi ¡cultural pen sui s, md
in the important concern of education, md tin n
removal fiom those c mses which hive h< n tofoie
depiesscd all and destroyed many of the tubes,
cannot fail to stimulate thou exu lions and to 10-
wnid their industiy
1 he two laws passed at the last session of Con-
giess on the subject of Indi in affuis have be ( n
earned into effect, and detailed institutions fji
then administration hive bien given It will b<
seen, by the estimate s for the pi ese nt session, that
a gie it ltduction will take place in the expendí
tures of the Department in conscquonc of these
lives And tin íe is itason to believe that then
opciation will be salutaiy,and that the colomz i
tion of the Indians on the western fiont u, to-
gethei with a judicious system of administration,
will still fui thei loduce thccxponsesofthis blanch
of the public s ívicc, and at the same time pro
mote its usefulness and efficiency
Cncumstances have bei n recently developed
showing the existence of extensive fiauds undo
the vanous lawsgi mting pensions and gratuities
for revolutionary services It is impossible to
estimate the amount which may have been thus
fiaitdule itl> obtained from the national Treasmy
I am satisfied, however, it has been such as to
justify a reexamination of the system, and the
adoption of the necessary checks in its admimsti a
tion Wl will agiee that the services and suffei-
jngs of the lemnant of our rcvolutionaiy band
should be fully compensated    But while this i«
done, every proper precaution should betaken to
pievent the admission of fabi icated and fiaudulent
claims In the present mode of proceeding, the
' attestations and certificates of judicial officeis of
i the various States foim a considerable portion of
I the checks which aie interposed against the com-
I mission of fiauds These, however, have been,
and may be, fabiicated, and in such a way as to
elude detection at the examining offices And,
independently of this practical difficulty, it is
ascertained that these documents are often loosely
gianted, sometimes even blank ceitificates have
been issued, sometimes prepai edpapei s have been
signed without inquiry, and, m one nisi nice at
least, the seal of the couit has been within leach
of a poison most interested in itsimpioper apph
cation It is obvious that, under such cncum-
stances, no seventy of administration can check
the abuse of the law, and infoimation has, from
time to time, been communicated to the Pension
Office, questioning or denying the light of pel sons
placed upon the pension list to the bounty of the
country Such cautions are always attended to,
and examined But a fai moie general investi-
gation is called for, and I therefore recommend,
in conformity with the suggestion of the Sccietai y
of War, that an actual inspection should be made
m each State into the circumstances and claims
of eveiy poison now diawmg a pension The
honest vetoian has nothing to feu fiom such a
sciutiny, while the fiaudulent claimant will be
detected, and the public Treasuiy lehcved to an
amount, I have reason to believe, fai gitatei than
has heretofoie been suspected The details of
such a plan could be so íegulated as to mteipose
the necessary checks, without any buidensome
operation upon the pensioiiei s The object should
be twofold
1     To look into the original justice of the
claims, so fai as this can be done undci a piopei
system of regulations, by an examination of the
claimants themselves, and by inquiring, in the
vicinity of tkcir residence,into then lnstoiy,and
into the opinion entertained of then íevolutionary
services
2    To ascertain, in all cases, whether the 011-
gmal claimant is living, and tins by actual per-
sonal inspection
This measure will, if adopted, be pioductive, I
think, of the dcsiied lcsults, and I theiefoie re-
commend it to yom consider ition, with the fur
thei suggestion, that all payments should be
suspende d till the neeessaiy le ports ire received
It will be seen, by a tabulai stitementannexed
to the documents tiansmitted to Congress, that
the appi opnations for objects connected with the
Wai Depaitment, made at the last session, foi
the sei vice of theycai lb34, excluding the perma-
. m nt appiopnation foi the payment of nulitaiy
giatuitii s undci the ict of June 7,1832, the ap-
propnation of two bundled thousand dollars foi
aiming and equipping the militia, and the appio-
pnation of $10,000 foi the civilization of the In-
dians, which are notamiu illy íencwed, amounted
to the sum of nine million thiee thousand two
j   handled and sixty on   dolíais, and that the esti
! mates of appiepilations necessary foi the same
¡  blandios of sciviee foi the ycai 183Ó, amount to
I   the sum of five million seven   bundled and sev-
j cnty-ciglit thousand nine hundred and sixty-four
doll us, making adiffcienec in the appropuations
' of the cmicnt yeai over the estimates of appio-
puitions foi the next, of thin, million two hun-
| died md tworty fom thousand two bundled and
I ninety s< von dolíais
l|     The pnncipal causes which have operated at
! this time to   pioduce  this greit diffeience  aie
shown in the icpoits and documents, and m the
detailed estimates Some of these causes aie
|  accidental and tempoiary, while otheis aie per
m-iK nt, and, aided by i just comsc of aelmims
1 nation, may continue to opeiate beneficially upon
II  the public expendamos
'     A just economy, expending whcie the public
seivice reepmes, and withholding wheie it does
, not, is among the indispensable  duties  of the
Government
I I it fei you to the accompanying report of the
j Seeietary of the Navy, and to the documents
with it, for a full view of the operations of that
, impoitant branch of our service during the
1 present yeai     It will be seen that the wisdom
and libeiality with which Congress have provided
for the gradual increase of our Navy material,
have been seconded by a corresponding zeal and
fidelity on the part of those to whom has been
confided the execution of the laws on the subject,
and that but a short period would be now íe-
quircd to put in commission a force laige enough
foi any exigency into which the country may be
thrown
When we íeflect upon our position in íelation
to othei nations, it must beappaient that, in the
event of conflicts with them, we must look chiefly
to oui Navy for the protection of our rational
uehts The wide seas which scpaiate us from
other Governments must, of necessity, be the
theater on which an enemy will attempt to assail
us, and, unless we are prepaied to meet him on
this element, we cannot be said to possess the
powei lequisite to íepel or pievent aggressions
We cannot, theiefoie, watch with too much at-
tention this arm of our defense, or cherish with
too much care the means by which it can possess
the necessary efficiency and extension To this
end oui policy has beenlieictofore wisely dnected
to the constant employment of a foice sufficient
to guaid our commcice, and to the íapid accumu-
lation of the materials winch are neeessaiy to
repau our vessels, and construct with case such
new ones as may be requned in asíate of wai
In accordance with this policy, I recommend
to your consideration the election of the addi-
tional dry dock descnbed by the Secretary of
the ¡Navy, and also the construction of the steam
batteries to which he has referred, for the pur-
pose of testing their efficacy as auxiliaries to the
system of defense now in use
The leport of the Postmaster General, herewith
submitted, exhibits the condition and piospects
of that Depaitment JProm that document, it ap-
peals that there was a deficit m the funds of the
Depaitment at the commencement of ihc present
year, beyond its available means, of three hun-
dred and fifteen thousand five hundred and ninety-
nine dolíais and ninety-eight cents, which, on
the 1st of July last, had been reduced to two
hundred and sixty-eight thousand and ninety two
dolíais and seventy-four cents It appeals also
that the íevenues for the coming yeai will exceed
the cxpe nditures about two hundred and seventy
thousand doll us, which, with the excess of lev-
enuc which will lesult fiom the oper itions of the
cunent half year, may be expected, independ-
ently of any increase m the gloss amount of post
ages, to supply the entne deficit before the end of
1835 But, as this calculation is based on the
gioss amount of postages which had accrued
within the penod embracud by the times of stiik-
ing the balances, it is obvious that without a pro-
giessive inciease in the amount of postages, the
existing retrenchments must be persevered in
thiough the year 1836, that the Depaitment may
accumulate a surplus fund sufficient to place it in
a condition of peifect ease
It will be obseived that the íevenues of the
Post Office Department, though they 1 ave in-
creased, and then amount is above that of any
foimei year, have yet fallen short of the estimates
more than a hundred thousand dolíais This is
ittubuttdm agieat degiee to the inciease office
ktteis gi owing out of the extension and abuse of
the franking privilege Thei c has been a gradual
inciease in the numbei of executive officei s to
which it has been granted, and by an act passed
in March, 1833, it was extended to membeis of
Congiess thioughout the whole year It is be-
lieved that a lcvision of the laws relative to the
flanking privilege, with some enactments to en-
foico more rigidly the íestrictions under which it
is granted, would operate beneficially to the
countiy, by enabling the Depaitment at an earlier
penod to restore the mail facilities thpt had been
withdrawn, and to extend them moie widely
as the growing settlements of the country may
lequne
To a measure so impoitant to the Government,
and so just to our constituents, who ask no ex
elusive  privileges   for themselves, and are  not
willing to concede   them to otheis, I earnestly
recommend the serious attention of Congress
The importance of the Post Office Department,
and the magnitude to which it has grown, both
in  its revenues and m its operations, seem  to
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7
demand its reorganization by law. The whole of
its receipts and disbursements have hitherto been
left entirely to executive control and individual
discretion. The principle is as sound in relation
to this as to any other Department of the Gov-
ernment, that as little discretion should be con-
fided to the executive officer who controls it, as
is compatible with its efficiency. It is therefore
earnestly recommended that it be organized with
an Auditor and Treasurer of its own, appointed by
the President and Senate, who shall be branches
of the Treasury Department.
Your attention is again respectfully invited to
the defect which exists in the judicial system of
the United States. Nothing can be more desira-
ble than the uniform opciation of the Federal
Judiciary throughout the several States, all of
which, standing on the samo footingas members'
of the Union, have equal rights to the advantages
and benefits resulting from its laws. This object
is not attained by the judicial acts now in force,
because they leave one fourth of the States with-
out circuit courts.
It'is undoubtedly the duty of Congress to place
all the States on the same footing in this respect,
either by the creation of an additTonal number of
associate judges, or by an enlargement of the
circuits assigned to those already appointed, so
as to include the new States. Whatever may be
the difficulty in a proper organization of the judi-
cial system, so as to secure its efficiency and
uniformity in all parts of the Union, and at the
same time to avoid such an increase of judges as
would encumber the supreme appellate tribunal,
it should not be allowed to weigh against the
great injustice which the present operation of the
system produces.
1 trust that 1 may be also pardoned for renew-
ing the recommendation I have so often submit-
ted to your attention, in regard to the mode of
electing the President and Vice President of the
United States. All the reflection I have been able
to bestow upon the subject increases my convic-
tion that the best interests of the country will be
promoted by the adoption of some plan which will
secure, in all contingencies, that important right
of sovereignty to the direct control of the people.
Could this be attained, and the terms of those
officers be limited to a single period of either four
or six years, I think our liberties would possess
an additional safeguard.
At your last session I called the attention of
Congress to the destruction of the public building
occupied by the Treasury Department. As the
public interest requires that another building
should be erected, with as little delay as possible,
it is hoped that the means will be. seasonably pro-
vided, and that they will be ample enough to
authorize such an enlargement and improvement
in the plan of the building as will more effectually
accommodate the public officers, and secure the.
public documents deposited in it from the casu-
alties of fire.
I have not been able to satisfy myself that the
bill entitled, " An act to improve the navigation
of the Wabash river," which was sent to me at
the close of your last session, ought to pass, and
I have therefore withheld from it my approval,
and now re turn it to the Senate, the body in which
it originated.
There can be no question connected wi.th the
administration of public affairs, more important
or more difficult to be satisfactorily dealt with,
than that which relates to the rightful authority
and proper action of the Federal Government
upon the subject of internal improvements. To
inherent embarrassments have been added others
resulting from the course of our legislation con-
cerning it.
I have heretofore communicated freely with
Congress upon this subject; and in adverting to
it again, I cannot refrain from expressing my in-,
creased conviction of its extreme importance, as
well in regard to its bearing upon the mainte-
nance of the Constitution, and the prudent man-
agement of the public revenue, as on account of
its disturbing effect upon the harmony of the
Union.
We are in no danger from violations of the
Constitution by which encroachments are made
upon the personal rights of the citizen. The sen-
tence of condemnation long since pronounced by
the American people upon acts of that character
will, I doubt not, continue to prove as salutary
in its effects as it is irreversible in its nature.  But
against the dangers of unconstitutional acts which,
instead of menacing the vengeance of offended
authority, proffer local advantages, and bring in
their train the patronage of the Government, we
are, I fear, not so safe.  To suppose that because
our Government has been instituted for the ben-
efit of the people, it must therefore have the power
to do whatever may seem to conduce to the pub-
lic good, is an error into which even honest minds
are too apt to fall.   In yielding themselves to this
fallacy, they overlook the great considerations
in which the Federal Constitution was founded.
They forget that in consequence of the conceded
diversities in the interest and condition of the dif-
ferent States, it was foreseen, at the period of its  i
adoption, that although .a particular measure of
the Government might be beneficial and proper
in one State, it might be the reverse in another—
that it was for this reason that the States would
not consent to make a grant to the Federal Gov- j
eminent of the general and usual powers of Gov- j
ernment, but of such only as were specifically '
enumerated, and the probable effects of which ¡
they could, as they thought, safely anticipate; ¡
and they forget also the paramount obligation j
upon all to abide by the compact, then so solemn-
ly, and, as it was hoped, so firmly established.
In addition to the dangers to the Constitution,
springing from the sources I have stated, there
has been one which was perhaps greater than all.
I allude to the materials which this subject has
afforded for sinister appeals to selfish feelings, and ;
the opinion heretofore so extensively entertained
of its adaptation to the purposes of personal am- i
bition.   With such stimulants it is not surprising ;
that the acts and pretensions of the Federal Gov- j
ernment, in this behalf, should sometimes have
been earned to an alarming extent.    The qucs-j
tions which have arisen upon this subject have j
related—                                                                      jl
1st. To the power of making international im- I
provements within the limits of a State, with the !
right of territorial jurisdiction, sufficient at least j
for their preservation and use.                                  |
2d. To the right of appropriating money in aid ;
of such works when carried on by a State or by ¡
a company in virtue of State authority, surren-
dering the claim of jurisdiction; and,
3d. To the propriety of appropriation for im-
provements of a particular class, viz: for light-
houses, beacons, buoys, public piers, and forthe
removal of sand bars, sawyers, and other tempo-
rary and partial impediments in our navigable
rivers and4iarbors.
The claim of power for the General Govern-
ment upon each of these points certainly presents
matter of the deepest interest.   The firstis, how-
ever, of much the greatest importance, inasmuch
as, m addition to the dangers of unequal and im-
provident expenditures of public moneys, com-
mon to all, there is superadded to that the conflict-
ing iurisdictions of the respective Governments.
Federal jurisdiction, at least to the extent I have J
stated, has been justly regarded hy its advocates j
as necessarily appurtenant to the power in ques- ¡
tion, if that exists by the Constitution.    That the j1
most injurious conflicts would unavoidably arise |!
between the respective jurisdictions of the State [ \
and Federal Governments, in the absence of a con- I
stitutional provision marking out their respective .
boundaries, cannot be doubted. The local advant- j
ages to be obtained would induce the States to
overlook in the  beginning the dangers and diffi-
culties to which they might ultimately be exposed.
The powers exorcised   by the  Federal   Govern-
ment would soon be regarded with jealousy by   ¡
the State authorities, and originating as they must '
from implication or assumption, it would be im- I i
possible to affix to them certain and safe limits, ¡j
Opportunities and temptations to the assumption ^
of power incompatible with State sovereignty i|
would be increased, and those barriers which ||
resist the tendency of our system towards consoli- j.
dation greatly weakened. The officers andagents ||
of the General Government might not always   ;
have the discretion to abstain from intermeddling j:
with State concerns; and if they did, they would :|
not always escape the suspicion of having done j j
so.  Collisions, and consequent irritations, would ¡j
spring up—thatharmony which should everexist
between theGeneralGovernmentand each member
of the Confedaracy, would be frequently inter-
rupted—a spirit of contention would be engen-
dered—and the dangers of division greatly multi-
plied.
Yet we all know that, notwithstanding these
grave objections, this dangerous doctrine was at
one time apparently proceeding to its final estab-
lishment with fearful rapidity. The desire to
embark the Federal Government in works of
internal improvement" prevailed in the highest
degree during the first session of the first Con-
gress that I had the honor to meet in my present
situation. When the bill authorizing a subscrip-
tion on the part of the United States for stock
in the Maysville and Lexington Turnpike Com-
panies passed the two Houses, there had been
reported by the Committees of Internal Improve-
ments, bills containing appropriations for such
objects, exclusive of those for the Cumberland
road, and for harbors and light-houses, to the
amount of about one hundred and six millions of
dollars. In this amount was included authority to
the Secretary of the Treasury to subscribe for the
stock of different companies to a great extent, and
the residue was principally for the direct con-
struction of roads by this Government. In addi-
tion to these projects, which had been presented
to the two Houses, under the sanction and recom-
mendation of their respective Committees on In-
ternal Improvements, there were then still pend-
ing before the committees, and in memorials to
Congress, presented, but not referred, different
projects for works of a similar character, the
expense of which cannot be estimated with cer-
tainty, but must have exceeded one hundred
millions of dollars.
Regarding the bill authorizing a subscription to*
the stock of the Maysville and Lexington Turn-
pike Company as the entering wedge of a sys-
tem, which, however weak at first, might soon
become strong enough to rive the bands of the
Union asunder; and believing that, if its passage
was acquiesced in by the Executive and the peo-
ple, there would no longer be any limitation upon
the authority of the General Government in re-
spect to the appropriation of money for such
objects, I deemed it an imperative duty to with-
hold from it the executive approval. Although,
from the obviously local character of that work,
I might well have contented myself with a refusal
to approve the bill upon that ground, yet, sensible
of the vital importance of the subject, and anx-
ious that my views and opinions in regard to the
whole matter should be fully understood by Con-
gress and by my constituents, I felt it my duty to
go further. I therefore embraced that early occa-
sion to apprise Congress that, in my opinion, the
Constitution did not confer upon it the power to
authorize the construction of ordinary roads and
canals within the limits of a State, and to say,
respectfully, that no bill admitting such a power
could receive my official sanction. I did so, in
the confident expectation that the speedy settle-
ment of the public mind upon the whole subject
would be greatly facilitated by the difference be-
tween the two Houses and myself, and that the
harmonious action of the several departments of
the Federal Government in regard to it would
be ultimately secured.
So far, at least, as it regards this branch of the
subject, my best hopes have been realized. Near-
ly four years have elapsed, and several sessions of
Congress have intervened, and no attempt, within
my recollection, has been made to induce Con-
gress to exercise this power. The applications
for the construction of roads and caijals, which
were formerly multiplied upon your files, are no
longer presented; and we have good reason to
infer that the current of public sentiment has be-
come so decided against the pretension as effectu-
ally to discourage its reassertion. So thinking, I
derive the greatest satisfaction from the convic-
tion that thus much, at least, has been secured
upon this important and embarrassing subject.
From attempts to appropriate the national funds
to objects which are confessedly of a local charac-.
ter, we cannot, I trust,Jttave anything further to
apprehend. My views in regard to the expedien-
cy of making appropriations for works which are
claimed to be of a national character, and prose-
8                                              THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-                        December 3,
cuted under State authority, assuming that Con-
giess have the light to do so, were stated in my
annual message to Congress in 1830, and tlso m
that containing my objections to the Maysville
road bill
So thotoughlyconvinced ami that no such ap-
propriations ought to be made by Congress until
a suitable constitutional provision is made upon
the subject, and so essentnl do I regard the
point to the highest inteiests of our country,that
I could not consider myself as discharging my
duty to my constituents 'in giving the executive
sanction to any bill containing such an appio,.nia-
tion If the people of the United States desne
that the public Tieasuiy shall bo íesorted to for
the mean  to piosecute such works, they will
concur in an amendment of the Constitution,
prescribing a lule by which the national charac-
ter of thewoiks is to be tested, and by which the
gieatest practicable equality of benefits miy bt
secuiedto each membei of theConfedeiacy The
effects of such a íesiilation would be most silu-
tary in preventing unpiofitable expenditmes, in
securing our legislation fiom the pernicious eon
sequences of a sciamblefoi the f Ivors of Goi em-
inent, and in icpicssing the spuit of discoiittiit
which must inevitably ins" fiom an u icquil dis
tribution of tioasuies which belong alike to all
Theie is anothei class of appropmtioos for
what may be called, without impropiiety, intei
nal nnpiovements, which have always bcei re
garded as standing upon diflcient giouuds fiom
those to which I have íeteiied Ialludi to such is ¡
have for then object the improvement of oui hir
bors, the lemoval of partial and tempoi iry ob-
structions m oui navig ible i ivcis, for the facility |
and secunty of oui foiei^n commrice The
grounds upon «Inch 1 distinguished appiopm
-lions of this chaiartei fiom othtrs have ¡ihcidv I
been stated to Congiess I will now only add
that, at the fust session of Congrí ss undei the
new Constitution, it was provided by law, that
all expenses which should aociue from and after
the fifteenth day of August, 1789, in the neces-
sary suppoitand maintenance and lepaus of all
light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers,
erected, placed, oi sunk befo ethe passage of ihe
act, within any bay, ml< t, haiboi, or poit of the
United States, ionondcrmg the navigation there
of easy and safe, should be defrayed out of the
Treasury of the United States, md fmtl ei, that
it should be the duty of the Seen tary of the
Treasury to piovidi by conflicts, with the ap-
probation of the Piesidi nt, foi lebuildmg \i lien
necessaiy and kieping in good irpau the light-
houses, biaeons, buoys, and public piers in the
soveial States, and foi tinnishiiig them wit i sup-
plies Appropnations foi ■símil ir objects have
bem continued fiom that time to the piescnt
without niteiniption oi dispute As a natui il
consequence of themciease and extension of oui
foieign commeice, poits of entry and di liveiy
have been multiplied and established, not only
upon our seaboaid, but in the inteiioi of the
countiy, upon oui lakes and navigable riveis
The convenience and safety of this commerce have
led to the giadual extension of these expendi-
tures, to the erection of light-houses, the placing,
planting, and sinking of buojs, beacons, «md
pieis, and to the íemo-ial of putial and tempo
rary obstiuctions m oui nivnrable rivers, and in
the haibors upon oui groat lakes, as well as on
the seaboaid Although I have ixpiesscd to
Congress my apprehension that these expendí
tures have sometimes been extravagant and dis-
propoitionate to the advantages to bi domed
from them, I hate not felt it to be my duty to íc-
fuse my assent to billscontam lg them,andli ne
contented myself to follow in this íesptct m the
footsteps of allmy piedeccssors Sensible, how-
ever, from expencnoe and observition, of the
gieat abuses to which the umestncted excicise
of this authonty by Congress was expo&ed, I
have prescribed a limitation for the government
dfmyown conduct, by which expenditmes of
this character are confined to places below the
poits of entry or delivery established by law
I am very sensible that this restriction is not as
satisfactory as could be^desired, and that much
embarrassment may be caused to the executive
department in its execution, by appiopnations
for remote and not w ell understood object;,. But as
| neilher my own leflections, nor the lights which I
may  properly  derive  from othei sources, have
j supplied me with a better, I shall continue to
apply my best exe tions to a futhful application
of the rul-1 upon which it is founded     I sinceiely
| regret that I could not give my assent to the bill
entitled" An act to nnpiove thenawgation of the
Wabash iivei," hut I could not hive done so
without receding from thegiound which I hue,
upon the fullest consideiation, taken upon this
subject, and of which Congicss has been hot to
foi e apprised, and without tin owing the subj ct
again open to abuses which no good citizen,
entertaining my opinions, could desne
I íely upon the intelligence and candor of my
fcllow-citizcns,m whose libenl indulgence 1 h vie
aheady so largciy puticipited foi a corieet ap-
preciation of my motives in inteiposmg, is I hive
done, on this, and otluw occasions, checks to a
comse of legislation which, without in the slight
est degiee calling in question the motives of otln is,
I considei as sanctioning impiopei and unconsti-
tutional expenditures oí public tieasure.
[ am not hostile to internal impiotcmcnts,and
wish to sie hem ext nded to eicry put of the
countiv, but I am full/ persuaded, if th"y ate
n,ot commenced in a propel mannei, confined to
piopei objects, md conduct d und i an authonty |
g-en< rally conceded to be nsrh'ful thatasucc ssful ¡
piosetution of them cannot be loisonably ix i
pected The attempt will meet with resistance I
wheic it might otherwise ic<-civc suppoit, md I
instead of strengthening the bonJs of our Con
federacy, it will only multiply md aggi ivate the
causes of disunion
ANDREW JACKSON
Decaibet 1, 1834
The message haling been lead,
Mi   WHlTE moved th i' five thousand copies
theieof, and fifteen bundled copns of tin  accom-
panying documents, be punted foi the use  of the
membeis of the Senate, which wis agieed to.
NLWSPAPDRS  FOR SEP.ATORS
The  resolution submitted yesteiday  by Mi
Knight, lelatue to authorizing a subscription foi
newspapeisfoi theusc of the membeis, was taken
up for consideration
Ml  KING, of Georgia, said that,uponmquiiy,
he found that icsolutions similn to the piesent,
j and  for the  same  object,  had   been frequently
| passed by both Houses of Congiess, md with so
| little mtciiuption, heietofoie, that it now consti
tuted  a íegulai   piacticc     At one time it was
admitted that it was a veiy impioper ore, and,
I notwithstanding the continuinci of the practice,
ltwas still equally so     He hoped thitsome gen
t'eman v>ho was in favor of it would show some
leasonablc connection between the   propriety of
the piactiee of punting  the documents of the
Senate and subsci lhing for the \ anous ncwspapei s
of the day, or any of the fashionable novels, the
Waverley Novels, or the lomances of Mis  Rad
chffe     It was Hue that the newspapeis and pen
odicals might contain speculations of the editois
on political subjects, but so did the woiks of
Bolingbroke,andavaiietyofotherauthois   They
might also contain a icpul lication of the pio
ceedmgs of this bedy, and notices of subjects con
nected with the legislation of Coigress, but they
did not  necessarily contain them     They weie
unconnected with c-tery blanch of this Govern
ment    Honoiable gentlemen, ho thought, should
show some íeasonable connection between the
punting of documents and subscribing for news
papers     To admit the power was no aigument
in favoi of the utility or expediency of exercising I
it     We should never excicise power merelv to
show that we possess it    A few thoi sands could '
not be expended  moie  uselessly thin in tais i
way    Many floinishcs might be mide abou' the I
amount of useful information which the membei s '
would derive fiom the subsciiptions to news
papers, but was theie a single individual mem
ber, either of this or the othei  House, who «as [
qualified for a seat m Congress, who was not a I
subscriber to more papers than he had leisure to I
lead?    He ventuied to say theie was none, and
he defied contiadiction     The expendituie con
templated was therefoie useless, and not noces
sary     What must be  the leflection on seem"-
grave Senators seated at their desks looking over
the Mu roi, the Lady's Book,&c ,and afterwards
folding them up a id again tin owing them on Mr.
i, Ban y to send to their wives, then danghtois,and
'¡fheir  sweLthetrs5    The   mail  wis   lmpiope^y
¡  bndoned v uh such things     4. mijonty of the
Senate, at the fast session, looked at the same
'  pnnciple imolvcd m anothei  subject, and cor-
ij rected it.    He (Mr   K ) opposed  the pnnciple
I then, but he  took no ciedit to himself for it,
11 because he usuaby acted with the paity who had
I  no power in this body, and theiefore he gave all
I   the credit of the measure he allu8ed   to  to the
Opposition     He concluded by moving that the
i íesolution be laid on the table
j      The motion was ciisigieed to, and the resolu-
tion was then adopted
continuation or a committed.
Mr POINDEXTERoffeied the following res-
olution, which, on his motion, was considered
and adopte d
Rewhed, That tin 34th míe of the Senate, so
fir as lespects the Committee on Public Lands,
be susjiended, and that the present committee be
continued v  ith all th" powei s vested in them, and
subject to ill the duties enjoined on them by the
si veral resolutions of the Senate, at the last ses-
sion, lelative to fiauds in the sale of the public
lai els
The Senate then adjojined
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, Decemba 2, 1S34
Thefollenvmg membeis appealed in addition to
thosi who answeied to then names on Monday
Messis   HoiiLLi, Henderson, B«lNks, Young,
Fowler,   Shinn,  Jackson   of   Massachusetts,
WlSE, P    C    ruLLER,B0UIDlV, HA7EI TINE, Al-
itn of Ohio,  Loyall,  Chinn,  Coulter, and
Gaieraith
H F Janes, a new membei from Vermont,
appealed, was sworn, and took his seat
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr,McliINLEY, fiom the joint committee
appointed yesteiday to wait on the President of
the United States, repoited that they had per-
foimrd that duty, and th it the Piesident had
informed them that he would send a communica-
tion, m wntmg, to each House,at twelve o'clock
tin'- d\y
A mi ssige was lecened fiom the Piesident of
the United States, by the hand of Andri w J
Donelsov, Esq , his Seeretaiy, which will be
found in the Senate proceedings of to day
Aftei the leading of the message from the
Cleik s tibie,
On motion of Mr CONNOR, it was ordered
tha' it be refencd to the Committee of the Whole
.on the state of the Union, and that ten thousand
copies of the message and accompanying doc-
uments be punted                                                 "
On motion of Mi BOON, the House then ad-
journed
IN SENATE
Wldnlsdiy, December 3, 1834
The Hon   Mr  Brown of Noith Carolina, Mr
Tomlinson   of  Connecticut, and Mr   Sfragof.
of Mime, appealed and took then seats
EXECUTIVE  COMMÜMCATION,
A messige was received fiom the Piesident
of the United States, communicating the annual
lcpoit of the Treasuiy Depaitment
On motion of Mr BEiNTON, the reading of
the repoit was dispensed witn, and the usual
nunibii of copies wis oideied to bt punted
The VICE PRESIDENT laid bcfo.e the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Tieismy Depirt-
ment, containing the leteipts and expenditmes of
tuat Depaitment foi the yeai 1833
PIjBIIC L4NDS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mi POIN DEXTER submitted the following
resolutions
Rcsohcd, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be directed to communicate to the
Senate a list of thepuichasers of the public lands
at the land offices m Columbus and Chocchuma,
in *hc State of Mississippi, specifying the name
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0
of each original puichasei, and of the assignee or ]
assignees to whom the ceitiflcate of puichase
may have been indorsed, the quantity of laud
puicl ased by each, and the price per acie paid for
ea^h tiact icspectivi ly, between the first day of
Octobei, 1833, and the first day of January,
1834
Reiolied, That the said commissioner be di-
rected to report to the Senate the aggregate num-
bei of acres of the public lands offered at public
sale, by pioclamation of the' Piesident of the
United States, at each of the land offices in the
State of Mississippi, fiom the first day of Janu
ary, 1833, up to the present time
NOTICES* OF BILLS.
Mr EWING gave notice that on to moi row he
would ask leave to mtioducc a bill to settle and
establish the noithtrn boundary line of the Siate
of Ohio
Mr MOORE gave notice that on Monday
next he would ask leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills
A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections gianted for the use of schools,
and the entiy of other lands in lieu thereof,
A bill for the relief of rh]ah ¡Simmons,
A bill for the íehef of Eh Robinson,
A bill foi the relief of Samuel Smith, Linn Mc-
Ghee, and Semoice, Cieek Indians, and
A bill foi the relief of Susan Mallow
REFERENCE  OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
On motion of Mr GRUNDY, so much of the
President's message as relates to the post Office
Depaitmtnt was refined to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 3, 1834
The following member  appeared
Messis  Allen of "Vermont, Tlltov of Vir-
ginia, Bl air of Tennessee, Han\ega j of Indiana,
Gholson of Viigima, Grahavi of North Caí olma,
Stewart of Pennsylvanis, Crane andCoRiviN of
Ohio
OBITUARIES—HON. CHARLES SLADE.
Mr CASEY rose (he said) to offer a resolution
to the House expressive of the respect of the
members of this body foi the memory of the Hon
Charles Slade, late one of the Representatives
fiom Illinois on this floor In submitting the
íesolution which I now have the honor to do, for
the consideration of the House, it is not my pur-
pose to tiespass on its time or attention by a
labored eulogy on the chaiacter of my late dis-
tinguished colleague and much esteemed fnend,
now no moie He died neai Vmcennes, Indiana,
of that scourge of nations, cholera, on his way
home from attending th last session of Congress
His amiable manners, his mild and benevolent
disposition, his sound sense, and untiring devo-
tion to his legislative duties while here, has made
a lasting impression on all w ho knew him
He had a heart that íesponded to every advance
of sympathy and benevolence, a heart formed
for the most aidcnt attachments, open and undis-
guised, the prominent traits of his. character were
always befoie the woild
But, suffice it to say that, though the dust of
Chirles  Slade now sleeps with that of his
fatheis, he still lives in the hearts of hundieds and
thousands of his countrymen  who, with sin
centy, deploie his death
I, theiefore, respectfully ask the members of
this House to concui with me in this humble,
this last, tubute. of íespect to his memory
Mi CASEY offered the following resolution,
wmeh was adopted
Resolved unanimously, That the members of
this House will testify their respect for the memo
ly of Chart fs Si ide, deceased, late a member
of this House fiom the State of Illinois, by
wearing ciape on the left arm for one month
HON. BENJAMIN T. DEMING
Mr  JANES addressed the Chair as follows
It has become my melancholy duty to announce
to this House the death, since the last session,
of another of youi then membeis     The Hon.
Bei.jamin F Deming, of Vermont, depaited this
life on the 11th of July last, on his way from this
place to his home in that State The deceased
had been but a short time a member of this body,
but long had held a distinguished place in the
councils of his native State, and was theie, and
wheiever he was known, univeisally esteemed
and beloved as an enlightened and honest states
man, as an amiable citizen, asa Chustian of puie
and unsullied morals However flattering it may
be to hold a seat on the floor of this House, to me
it is deeply affecting that the one I hav e the honoi
of occupying has been made vacant by the death
of an able legislator, by the lemoval from his
family of an affectionate husband, a kind parent,
and fiom rat, along and most valued peisonal
friend But, if we be pei nutted to gathei hope
fiom the pub! c and pnvate woith—the rectitude
of moial charactei—the daily Christian deport
ment of men—few, if any, have left more com-
forting, moie endunng, evidences than the de-
ceased, that he has now a ciown of immoitahty,
an eternal lest
Mr J then offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to
Resolved unanimously, That tire members of
this House will testify then respect foi the mem-
ory of Benjamin F Dewing, deceased, late of
the State of Veimont, by weanng crape on the
left arm for one month
On motion of Mi HUBBARD, the House
adjourned
IN SENATE
Thursday, December 4, 1834
The Hon Mi Leigh, oneof the Senatorsfiom
Viigima, appealed, and took his seat
The following message was lcceived from the '
President of the United States, by the hands of
A  J   Donelson, Esq , his Puvatc Secietary
To the Senate of the United States
I transmit to Congiess a communication ad
dressed to me by Mi Geoige Washington La F ay-
ette, accompanying a copy of the Declaration of
Independence, engiaved on copper, which his
lllustnous father bequeathed to Congiess, to be
placed in their libraiy, as a last tubute of re-
spect, patriotic love, and affection for his adopted
count! y                                                                         |
I have a mouinful satisfaction in transmitting
this precious bequest of that great and good man, i
who, through a long life, under many vicissi-
tudes, and in both hemispheres, sustained the
principles of civil hbeity asseited in that memor-
able declaiauon, and who, fiom his youth to the I
last moment of his life, cherished for oui beloved
counti y the most generous attachment                    ,
ANDREW JACKSON      '
The bequest accompanies the message to the ,
House of Repiesentatives.                         A   J.
Decembei 4, 1834
The Letter tnclosed in the above
Paris, June 15, 1834
Sir A great misfortune has given me more
than one solemn and important duty to fulfill, and
the ardent desire of accomplishing with fidelity
my father's last will emboldens me to claim the
patronage of the Piesident of the United States,
and his éenev olent intei vent ion, w hen I am o bhged
íespectfullyand mournfully to addi ess the Senate
and Repiesentatives of a whole nation
Oui foievei-beloved patent possessed acoppei
plate, on which was inscribed the first engraved
copy of the American Declaiation of Independ
ence, and his last intention, in departing this
world, was, that the pi ecious plate should be pre-
sented to the Congress of the United States, to be
deposited in their libiaiy, as a last tubute of re-
spect, patriotic love, and affection, for his adopted
country
Will it be permitted to me, a faithful disciple
of that Ameucan school, whose piinciples aie so
admirably exposed in that ímmoi tal Declaration,
to hope that you, sn, would do me the honor to
communicate this letter to both Houses of Con
gress at the same time that, in the name of his
afflicted family, you would present to them my
venerated fathei 's gift'
In craving such an impoitant favoi, sn, the son
of Genual La Fayette, the adopted giandson of
Washington, knows, and shall nevei forget, that
he would become unwoithy of it if he was ever
to cease to be a Trench and American patriot.
With the utmost respect, I am, sir, your de-
voted and obedient servant,
GEORGE W.LA FAYETTE
To the President of the United States.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr EWING, in pursuance of notice yester*
day, and on leave given, introduced a bill to settle
and establish the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio
RrSOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions submitted by Mi Poindexter.
yesterday weie considered and adopted.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY
On motion of Mr KANE, it was
Oideied, That when the Senate adjourns ¡t
adjourn ovei to Monday next
WABASH RIVER.
Mr TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of an appiopnation to improve the naviga-
tion of the Wabash river
This resolution lies on the table one day.
On motion of Mr EWING, the Senate ad-
journed
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES.
Thlrsdu, December 4, 1834
On motion of Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio.it
was ordered, that the standing committees of the
House be appointed
ELECTION OF CHAPLA  S.
On motion of Mr GRENNELL, it was
Resolved, That two Chaplains, of different de-
nominations, be elected by Congiess, one by each
House, to serve during the present session, who
shall mtei change weekly
REPORTS FROM THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual repoi t of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the state of the finances, which, on motion of Mr
Polk, was laid on the table, and ten thousand
copies orden ed to be printed
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication fiom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, inclosing a copy of the receipts and expend-
itures of the Gov ernment for the year 1833, which,
on motion of Mi   Polk, was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication fiom the Secietaiy of the Treas-
ury, inclosing a íepoit of the register and receiver
of the land office at St Stephen's, Alabama, which,
on motion of Mr Connor, was laid on the table,
and oidered to be printed
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Secietaiy of the Tieasury, containing
the annual estimates of appropmtions for the
year 1835, which, on motion of Mi Polk, was
laid on the table, and dnected to be printed
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDFNT.
A message was received fiom the President of
the United States, tiansmittmg a communication
fiom Geoige Washington La Fayette, which
will be found in the Senate's proceedings
On motion of Mr EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts, the communication was íefcned to the
Committee on Foieign Affans
CONTINGENT FUND OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a letter
fiom the Cluk, inclosing his annual repoit of
the disbursement of the contingent fund of the
House toi the year 1833, which, on motion of
Mi CONNOR, was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed
REPORT   OF THE TRE iSURER OF  THE
UNITED   STATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual íepoit of the  Treasurer of the United
btates  which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be punted
10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
Mr WARDWELL submitted the following
resolution, which lies one day foi consideration
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Navy be
directed to repoit to this House the amount ex-
pended m erecting; the ship house at Navy Point,
m the county of Jefferson, and State of New Yoih,
and the expense of keeping the same in lepair
Also, the like mfoi matmn in i elation to the' vessel
built and lately sold at Storr s Harboi, m said
county, and the amount of compensation allowed
to the officer or officers, person or peisons, who
have from time to time had chaige of the same
Also, the íeasons, it any exist, for the fuither
piesenaaon of the vessel and ship house at Navy
Point Also, that ht itpoit the amount heitto-
foie paid fqr tlie use and occupation of the land
now belonging to the heirs of Hemy Eckfoid,
deceased, at Navy Point and Ston's Haiboi, on
which the vessels New Oilcans md Chippewa
weie built, and also the teims of any contiact
which may have been made with the Govern-
ment, 01 its authonzed agent, foi the use and oc-
cupation of such land
PRINTING A REPORT.
On motion of Mr WHITE, of Flonda, a re-
poit made by the engineei depaitment at the list
session, ill relation to the canal between Pensa-
cola and Mobile Bays, was oideied to be punted.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mi MANN, of New Yoik, it
wasoideied tint when the House adjourns, it
will adjourn to meet again on Monday next
On motion of Mr M the House'thcn adjourned
Report
Of the Secretary of the Tieaiury on the slate of the
Finances
Treasury Department,
Decembei 2, 1834
The Secretary of the Ticasuiy ítspcctfúlly
piesents the following iepoit,m obedience tp the
"Ait supplementally to the act to establish the
Treasuiy Depaitment "
He would invito the attention of Congress—
1    To the PxAhc Revenue and Expenditiues
The balance in the Tieasuiy,onthc 1st of Tm-
uary.A. D   1832, was.....#1,502,914 45
Theaetual recciptsintothe fieas-
ury dining the, yeai 1832, fiom
all souices, u tie..........31,865,56116
Making the whole amount in the
Ticasuiy m that yeai   ......$36,36^,475 61
The actual expenditiues dunng
the same ytu, including the
public debt, weie        ...        .   34,356,698 06
The balance in the Tnasmy on
the 1st of Januaiy,A D 1833,
was, therefoie   ------.......    2,011,777 55
In addition to this balance, the u-
<eipts   dunng the year  1833
were, from all souices.......   33,948,426 25
Vi¿ from—
Customs......   #29,032,508 91
Lands    ........    3,967,682 55
Dividends   on
bank  stock    ..       474,985 00
Sales of b i n k
stock........        115,300 00
Incidental items           3)7,949 79
These made, with the above bal-
ance, an aggregate of........ 35,960,203 80
The oxpcndituies during A   D
J83i,were   ................. 24,2a7,298 49
Vi/   on tht
Civil list, foreign
inteicourse, and
miscellancou s
subjects  ..           $5,716,245 93
Militaiy seivice,
including foi ti-
trations, ord-
nanci, Indian
affans, pen-
sions, arming
militia, and in-
ternal improve-
ment.........   13,096,152 43
Naial service, in-
cluding giadual
improvement..     3,901,356 75
Public   debt               1,543,543 38
Thus a balance was left in the
Treasury, on the 1st of Janua-
ry, 1834, amounting to.....     11,702,905 31
The receipts into theTieasury as-
certained and estimated, during
A D 1834, aie computed to be 20,624,717 94
Of these the leceipts dunng the
fiist Unte quaiteis aie ascer-
tained to have been.........,  16,324,717 91
Viz  fi om—
Customs    ....      $12,740,872 25
Lands   ........    3,076,475 50
Dividends on bank"!
StOck                           I  rn7 070
Sales of bank stock r™<>-i<v
Incidental items      J
19
$16,324,717 94
And those, dunng tht fouitli
quartei, it is expected, will be
Thus, with the balance on the 1st
of Januaiy, 18J4, they foim an
aggi e giite of..............
The expcndituies of tht whole
year ait asccituned and esti-
m ited to be.............
Of these, tht expenditmesdunng
the fust tinco quaiteis aie as-
cti tamed to have been.......
Viz.   on—
Cnil list, foieign
inteicouise, and
miscellaneous
Militaiy service,
mcludingfortifi-
cations, &c ...
Naval scmct, in-
cluding, &c ...
Duties ícfunded .
Public debt ....
The expenditiues foi tht foiuth
qu u tci,including §4,462,330 99
on account of the public debt,
it is supposed will ho about..
Thus leaving on the 1st of Jinu-
aiy, 1835, an estimated bal-
antt of ................
This b liante includes what has
befoicbeen ltpoitedby this De-
paitment as not avail iblt, the
sum of about $1,400,000, but
which is now asttitamed to be
nduccd to about the sum of
$1,150,000,making the comput-
ed itaiHblt bilantton tho 1st
of Januaiy, 1835, to be    ....
4,300,000 00
32,327,623 25
25,591,390 91
16,545 342 92
$3,475,527 08
8,349,400 OG
2,913,183 12
108,546 19
1,698,686 47
9,046,047 99
6,736,232 34
5,586,232 34
It is estimated, that of former appiopnations,
tlieie will lcmam unexpended at the close of this
year the sum of $8,002,925 13
Of this amount, it is supposed that only
$3,141,964 27 will be íequned to accomplish the
objects intended by the cutient appropnations—
leaving tht sum of $939,742 9S, applicable aftti-
wuds uudti pt irnaiitut appiopnations, and that
of $1,523,308 79 to bt applied 111 aid of the ap
propnations ior the tnsumc; yi ai, without reaji
pi opnation— is will be seen in the estimates whe n
submitted, and the balaiK e of $337,909 14, which
has not been rcquned at all, or seasonably, foi
the objects contemplated in its appiopnation,and
will, theieforc, be earned to the suiplus fund In
tho examination of this result, as to outstanding
appiopnations, it should be noticed, that one
small amount of unclaimed interest on the public
debt, and auothti of unfundtd dtbt, though
chargeable on tht Treasuiy, aie not included
Embiacmg those and tho amount applicable af
terwaids to peimanent appiopnations, theie
would not be money enough m the Treasury to
pay, at once, eveiy claim outstanding But, ex-
cluding them, it will be seen that the effective,
unexpended funds on the 1st of January, 1835,
will be $5,586,231 34, to meet what will be re-
quired for the lemammg and unexpended appro-
priations, being $5,141,964 27,01, in other woids,
that our available means then on hand to discharge
all the old and existing claims on the Tieasuiy,
with the exceptions befoie nomtd, will be about
$444.,268 07 moie than their actual amount
The next subject dése, vmg consideration is the
condition of
2   The Pubhc Debt
All thefoui and a half pei cents, outstanding at
the commencement of tht pies nt yeai, have been
redeemed, except the sum of $443 25 Money
sufficient to meet tht whole balance was placed in
the United States Bank and its branches, as com-
missioner of loans, in May last, and that poition
not ytt paid to the holders, of the debt still íemains
in these dtpositones A part of tht fivt pei tent
stotk, citcUtd in Maich, \ D 1821, amounting
to $4,712,000 29, was all of the $123,000,000 of
debt existing in A D 1816, and of the subsequent
additions to it which weie leftto be lcdeemed It
did not become payable till the 1st of January,
1835, but as theie was sufficient money in the
Titasury foi the puipose, and it having been eon-
sidticd beneficial to the public to save, as fai as
piacticable, all the acciuing interest, early in
July last, agents weie employed by this Depait-
ment to pinchase, at pai, if possible, the whole
of tht k mauling dtbt Bawcen that tune and the
30th ultimo, the Depaitmeit had succeeded 111
lcdccmmg about$491,258 35of it, and additional
pinchases ait tonstantly making In October
list, the undeisijned gave notice that the whole
of this debt unredeemed aftci th" 1st of Januuy
next would cease to beai intcicst, and would be
piomptly paid, aftci that d ite, on application to
the commiss om is of loans 111 the several States
Under authonty iiom the eommissiontis of the
sinking fund, tins Dtpaitment has since placed
and made amngements to place, seasonably, 111
those offices ample funds foi the above puipose
Thus, befoie the close of the ycai, the whole
will either be paid, 01 money provided to pay it
—and the United States will present that happy,
and probably, in modtrn times, unpieeedented
spectacle, of a people substantially fiee from the
smallest poi tion of a public debt
Considenng these facts, it was deemed pioper
to chaige the whole amount of the ¡emaming
debt to the expenditures of the present yeai In-
terest on all not paid bifoie the 30th ult mo has
been tomputtd till the 1st of Januaiy next, the
time being so shoit, and the account foi the pay-
ment of the public debt, dunng the year, will
then stand as follows
All the disbuisements on account of the public
debt, dunng the yeai  1834, will  be, as  before
shown     ...................$6,161,017 46
Of which there will have been ap-
plied to pnncipal, $5,964,774 93
And to inttiest ...       196,242 53
The stocks, which will have been redeemed by
the application of this sum dunng the year, aie—
Of the residue of the exchanged il/, percent
stock, issued undei the act of the 26th of May,
1824......................$1,252,625 90
Tho  residue   of the  5   per cent
stock, issued under the act of
the 3d of Mai eh, 1821.....4,712,060 29
Cei tain poitions of unfunded debt,                38 74
Treasuiy notes................                50 00
Making m all the principal before-named
Theie is an unfunded debt of about.. $37,733 05
Consisting of claims registcied prior
to 1798, for services and supplies
during the rtvolutionaiv war, of
about ...............$27,437 96
Treasury    notes    issued
dunng the last war  . .     5,975 00
And Mississippi stock ..     4,320 09
Nothing has been paid on any of these during
the present year, except $88 74, but should the
certificates be ever piesented, which is not very
pi obable as to many of them, the means undoubt-
edly will always exist for their payment at this
Department
3   The estimates of the Public Revenue and Fvpend-
ilxn esfor the year 1835, next require attention, and
aie as follows
The leceipts into the Treasury from all souices,
during the year 1835, are esti-
mated at ......................$20,000,000
Viz- from—
Customs..........,. 16,000,000
Public lands.........    3,500,000
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
Bank dividends and mis-
cellaneous receipts*.... 500,000
To which add the balance oí avail-
able funds in the Treasury on
the 1st of January, 1835, esti-
mated at.....................     5,586,232 34
And they make together the sura
of..........................$25,586,232 34
The necessary appropriations for
the year 1835, including those
under new and permanent acts,
are estimated at ^15,060,232 73.
But the whole expenditures for
the service of that year are esti-
mated to require the additional
sum of $1,523,308 79, which has
before "been appropriated and
mentioned as applicable to the
wants of 1835, without a reap-
propriation, making together, #17,183,541 52
Viz: on—
Civil, foreign   inter-
course, and misccl-                           •
laneous items......2,788,225 85
Military service, &c.,
pensions, and the
appropriations un-
der flie act of 7th
June, 1832.........9,672,654 50
Naval service, and
gradual improve-
ment............ 4,672,661 17
Unclaimed interest on
public debt.........      50,000 00
To this add, as a contingent ex-
penditure, about half the amount
of the average excess of appro-
priations beyond the estimates
during the last three years......     2,500,000 00
And they make the sum of.....§19,683,541 52
Leaving an available balance in
the Treasury, at the close of the
year 1835, or on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1836, estimated at.......  §5,902,690 82
But should the whole amount of former appro-
priations, current and permanent, that will be
outstanding on the 1st of January, 1835, and be
needed to complete the services of former years —
amounting in all, as before shown, to the sum of
$6,141,707 20—be actually called for during the
year 1835, there would be an apparent deficiency
in the Treasury on the 1st of January, 1836. It
usually happens, however, that of the new and
the old appropriations a sum of five or six millions
remains uncalled for at the commencement of each
year; and hence no real deficit is then anticipated,
nor much, if any, excess, after defraying all the
expenditures then chargeable to die Treasury.
This estimate of receipts is formed on the sup-
position that the value of impoi ts during the en-
suing year, and especially of those paying duties,
will not differ essentially from the average during
the last three years. Though our population has,
within that period, probably increased over one
million, yet our manufactures and internal trade
have probably increased nearly in an equal pro-
portion; and this circumstance, coupled with the
greater caution and frugality practiced during the
past year, and still continuing, will, it is believed,
tend to prevent any considerable augmentation
in the consumption or importation of foreign
articles.
The imports during the year ending September
30, 1831, are estimated in value at -,123,093,351;
being, compared with the preceding year, an
increase of $14,101,541. Those during the three
past years have, on an average, been about
-$111,038.142.
The exports during the same year are estimated
at §97,318,724; of which $74,444,429 were in
domestic, and $22,874,295 in foreign products-
being, compared with the preceding year, an in-
crease of 86,655,321; of whicii §3,802,399 were in
articles of domestic, and §2,852,922 in those of
foreign products. The average exports during the
last three years have been about £,91,719,690; of
which §69,407,976 are the average in articles of
domestic products, and $22,311,714 in those of
foreign.
It will thus be seen that the imports of the last
year varied in amount §12,055,209, from the aver-
; age of the three past years, and those paying
¡ duties are*believed to have varied much less. It
| is therefore, in connection with the reasons before
i named, considered safe to infer that the imports
I of the ensuing year may not differ materially from
, that average. Should they not so differ, tlie rev-
| enue from customs will'probably correspond in
! substance with that of the past year, except so
j far as it may be changed by the whole amount of
! all the importations when compared with the
' above average.
' Because the classes and value of articles paying
■ duty, for aught "which is known, will probably
| be similar, and the rate of duties on them will not,
! by existing laws, be essentially altered till th*e
I 31st of December, 1835.
j The revenue from the sale of public lands has
| been estimated at half a million more than the
[ amount it was estimated for the current year, and
! one million more than the amount for 1833.
: This estimate would have been made, still larger
| had not the sales'of the Chickasaw lands, which
I will probably exceed half a million of dollars,
been pledged by treaty to other purposes, and not
to the general revenue of the Government.
This large computation is founded on the facts
of the progressive increase for some time evinced;
the sum actually received during the past year;
the great, quantity of new and salable lands
coming into market; the enlarged demand for them
to satisfy the necessary wants of our growing
population, and of the emigrants from Europe,
and the high prices which their produce fortu-
nately obtains both at-home and abroad.
The revenue fr^m bank dividends has been es-
timated at somewhat less than heretofore, in con-
sequence of the sales of our bank stock under
the act of July 10, 1832, for the investment of the
accruing income of the Navy pension and hos-
pital funds—having already amounted to $656,600,
and on which the Treasury can now receive no
dividends applicable to general purposes. It
might perhaps be advisable to deduct a still
further sum to meet any contingency, like that
of the present year, in which the United States
Bank, without the consent of this Department,
or the sanction of Congiess, and without any
forewarning of its intention, seized on about
§170,041 of the estimated revenue from this source,
and had since withheld it from the public Treas-
ury.
Copies of the opinions of the Attorney Gen-
eral, and the whole correspondence on this sub-
ject between the Department and the bank, which
took place previous to the request for these
opinions, arc annexed, for the consideration and
action of Congress. It may be proper to add,
that within a few days past a new communication
in relation to this transaction has been received
from the bank, and when a reply is finished, both
will be submitted if desired.
No foundation appears to have existed in. law
or equity for the great claim of damages made by
the bank on account of the protest of what has
been called, in common parlance, the bill of ex-
change, drawn on the French Government by
this Department. It is believed that the lull,
when protested, ought, by our agents abroad,
had they acted with due regard towards their
principal, to have been taken up for the credit of
that principal, which was the United States, rather
than for the credit of the bank; or, at the furthest,
if similar and conflicting relations existed between
them and the bank, they should have pursued
the equitable course of taking it up for the credit
of both the United States and the bank, or the
more libera! one of giving the preference tothe
Government, which was the drawer;and m either
of these events, no room for difficulty, by this
extraordinary claim, would probably have been
left. But as these agents preferred a different
course, thereby justly impairing the further con-
fidence of the Government in their discretion, it
would seem that the bank in the next place,
having long been the general fiscal agent of the
Government, and the primary one in importance,
should have returned the bill, and made no charge
agamsl its principal, the United States, except
for the actual advances, and the actual costs and
expenses it had incurred in the transaction. The
actual advances, by the bank, when the bill was,
originally received, had only been a matter of
form, and were nothing.    The money, in fact,
never belonged   to  this   Department, except in
trust for the merchants, or their widows and or-
phans, who had suffered by French spoliations;
and a sum  exceeding the whole amount  of it
having been left in the bank and its branches,
and no part of the monoy having ever been brought
into the Treasury by warrant, it was immedi-
-ately, on notice of the protest, restored in form,
; and a willingness was expressed to make remu-
| ncration to the bank for all reasonable costs and
; expenses.   But the temptation of an opportunity
;j to  obtain more from its principal, by  a  novel
i| species of litigation,  through  a virtual judicial
¡I prosecution for damages, against the Government
jj of the Union, seems to have been too strong for
j I resistance; and the bank concluded to depart from
:, the above equitable rule, and by some technical
!i regulation of strict law  between individuals, to
attempt to procure alarge sum, as mere construct-
ive damages, and by the extraordinary mode of
seizing on the dividends which had been declared
by the bank itself to belong to the United States,
and of withholding them to abide the ordinary
contingencies of a lawsuit.
It seems to have preferred this unprecedented
course, rather than to pursue the usual  mode of
a petition addressed to the justice of Congress,
though Congress is well known to be the custom-
ary and only tribunal for adjusting controverted
claims against the Government, when no suit is
pending by the United States, and the only tribu-
nal which, tinder the Constitution, is empowered
to appropriate  money to discharge  any  claim
whatever     After applying to   this Department,
and being, so long as  a year  ago last June, in-
! formed of its inability to admit, or authority to
'■ discharge, the damages demanded, it is remark-
able, that the, bank should have continued to>pay
over the accruing dividends, and not till after the
j last session closed, and  when any deficiency in
! the current revenue could not he provided for,
; should, without any prior application to Con-
; gress, have resorted to this unusual proceeding,
and sought to have its claim against the United
States adjudicated by the Judiciary, when the
i United States are not amenable to any citizen or
| corporation, high or low, before  the Judiciary,
;' for the decision of any claim, unless they have,
of their own accord, been  pleased  to resort to
that tribunal by a previous action against a debtor;
and, in which event only, is a set-off, under cer-
tain limitations,authorized to bepleaded, as either
I equitable or legal.    But here  the United States
had instituted no such action against the bank,
and had no intention or foundation to institute
one; and yet the bank, not in  the case provided
I in the ehartcr where dividends might be withheld,
I but by an unfaithful act, as an agent, and as a
' public corporation, towards its principal and the
I community, proceeded to seize their dividends in
I a case entirely different and most questionable in
1 equity as well  as law, and icfused  to fulfill the
duty imposed  by its charter, and by civil and
' moral obligations, of paying overthose dividends
; promptly to  the Treasury.    In the adoption of
j this reprehensible course, an attempt is made to
¡| force the Government either to lose their divi-
'; (lends entirely, or to pay a controverted claim for
j! damages, which, so far as any of its Departments
¡' or officers have examined it, was found and pro-
:   nouueed  to   be groundless;  or consent to let the
'; United States be arraigned as a debtor, and corn-
il pelled to submit the claim to decision  before a
I i branch of their own Government, to which such
' claims are not ordinarily submitted, and to whose
.', decision it could not be'referred in this instance,
j but by a previous commission on the part of the
¡ bank of a deliberate violation of its obligations.
;| The further attempt appears to be made in this
¡! way: to take from Congress and the Executive
i! the constitutional power, on their high official
!• responsibilities and deep sense of duty, to make
'•' or withhold appropriations to discharge all con-
!' trnvertcd demands against the United States, and
¡j to enable the Judiciary, instead of them, indi-
| rcetlv and unconstitutionally, to make these ap-
II  propridtions in all cases of citizens or corpora
12                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        December 4,
tions, who possess doubtful claims, and die
unscrupulous enough to commit, in order to pre-
vent their adjudication by Congiess, a deliberate
attack on the property of the United Sta es, 01 a
deliberate sequestiation of then acknowledged
dues
Foi further and moie detailed views on thiscx-
traoidwaiy case, aieferenceis made to the whole
coirespondence and opinions annexed, without
the discussion of any course, which the power
and the wisdom of Congiess are able to select
foi evincing its opinions on thisoutrage, whethci,
by withdiavvmg indulgences from the bank as to
the receipt of its notes for publicdues, or by adopt
ing some othei measure on the subject which the
natuit of the transaction, the i ghts of the United
States, and the constitution il authority of Con
giess, may be thought to justify and demand
Believing that a similar seiruie was not likely
tobciepeatedby the bank in 1835,uodei the othei
pretense of satisfying claims foi damages, in con-
sequence of the lemoval of the deposits, asset up
in its secevnd lettei, tins Department has estimated
the probabic leve nue the ( nsumg yeat fiom this
soma e, at the usual rate of dividends lately made
on all oui stock in the bank, remaining attei the
salts which have taken place for the investment
of theNny pension and hospital funds But
shot Id Congiess, on a full e\munition of the
subject, think otlu rwise, it may be provident to
supply some othei equivalent foi the poition of
tin estimated lectipts
Die tstimitc of uvenue fiom miscellaneous
souices his been computed a little below the
at tuai icceipts of the cuirent yeai, because the
dividends applicable to g< neial purposes will be
on a less amount of bank s ock, and the antici
pittd sahs of sue h stock to met t the furthei
wants of the before mentioned funds will Jae
much n duced
In this explanation of the estimate of the re
ceipisduimg the coning year, it is honed that
salis^actoiy t< asons have been assigned to show
its geniial aecuiacy     This cs in tie being one
and a halt millions laiger than that of last year,
it is mon Ukelv to excud than, like that, to fa'l
short of the actual lcsult     Th it i stimate proved
to be h ss than the actu il leceipts, piobably abo it
#2,000,000, oi   fiom customs about #1,900,000,
fiom hnds in ally #800,000 and thelisiduo chief!v
fiom laigei salí s of bank slock is before named,
han wis mticipitcd     As the fiist diduUion of
10 poi cent  fiom (he exciss of dutus on goods
mportid, an 1 piymg our 20 p<r cent  ad valo
rem, tmk cflect on th    Jlst of Decembei last, it
vis not piaiticabl   to fix b foi  land, with much
n ilainty, the amount of the  diminution on ac
count of it fiom tin menu   of ihe vni, as the
samt \ iluc nf m h handise mij*ht not be impoit d
as m any pi  vious y< at, w Inch should he s leeted ¡
ns a giiidt mfoimmgthi istimtte   and tin   pal   ¡
ticul it   kinds   ot   meichandisi   thus  m.po'tciV
whcthci bee, oi piymg a duty, might gitatly I
fluctuate     To thise unceitainties in  the whole
valu< , ind in the kinds of goods nnpoited, wiie
to be added the cncumstanccstlnUhesysU m of n   I
ductiou going into opeiMion wasalmos' entnely
in winjn \i tice andthatthecashdiititssubslUutid
foi crtdit on some oitirks, I  nded to lender  In
mei means of calculation s ill moie mippliciblc
a id do lbtful                                                                 ¡
ll is hoped that, as the ensuing yeai is exposed
chiefly to only out ol the se s mices of uncertai lty,
which is the whole value of dutiable goods im
poited, the •estimate made for the income fiom
customs w til not vu yesstntiallj f om the amount
ot receiots which turn   m ij piove to be comet
In nluion to the e vet ss of level ue received
fiom lands, oi< i the cstnmte nude foi the yeai
1834, the amount fiom thu somie happened to
be uupiticd nt d uid asfull lttuins of the %eiy
Iaige sahs m Dee ember, 183 i hid not then been
r reived, it was <ntni.lv unexpected But the
actu il excess his yi ti, though not so laige as in
the previous one, coupled with encumstancis be
fore named, has induced the Department to sub
mit a laigei estimate, under th s head, than has
hen tofoif bien nude
The estimttes foi  the expendían es of the en
suing yeai have been gnduatid and modifu d by
the following encumstance^   the actual expc id
ituies foi the veai 1833 did not differ much fion
the expectations expressed concerning them in
the last annual repoit, except that the it sulue of
the fom and a half pei cent stocks, although
chaiged to 1833, was not in fact all reimbmscd,
or the money paid to the commissioneis of loans
for that puipose, within that yea , bit only
#13,198 of them were r< deemed m the lcsidue of
1Q33 Between the 1st of Januaiy and Maj ,
1834, about $>497,G97 more was ledeemed, and
aftei waids the sum of #759,271 was advanct d to
the commissioneis of loans to meet the balance
which wa3 then outstanding Partly fiom this
cause, thcrefoic, reducing the actual expenditure
in the fouith quaiter of 1833 about a million
below the estimate, and paith fiom an niciease
in theievenuc of neailytwo millions beyond the
estima'e of that quaitei, fiom causes hi foi e i nu-
meiated,the actual available amount m the Treas
my on the 1st of Januaiy, 1834, w asgieatei than
the est.mates, hiving been #10,302 905, instead
of the estimated sum of $7,983 790 The ox-
pendi'urcs in 1834, on aeeouut of the public debt,
thus became inci cased be-^ ond the estimate about
#1 25G,9G8 Another souice of expenditure, in
cieased during the past veai, beyond the esti-
mates, was the sum of #75 407 f n mteics on the
public debt, which had befoie been unclaimed,
bin which has since been demanded and dis-
charged and to meet v Inch, piobably fiom ad-
Ik un  to the usag of foimer yeais, or fiom an
impiission that it would ltmain uncalled foi, no
moni y had ben "specifically si t aside, nor any
chaigt made to the expedid expenditure of the
yeai Besides these unexpected calls duung the
picsetn yeat, the appiopriations m money , by
new acts of Congress, and by foimei peitmnent
acts still in foice, h ive been computed to be about
#21,000,000 These constituted i new buiden,
in addition to a balance of p ibhe debt which
lemams to be paid, amounting to about six mil
lions, and a biKnce of old appiopmtions liable
to be called foi, amounting to about five m Iho is
more Thewhoh appi epilations thus chargeable
for expenditures to the yeai, did not vary much I
fiom thirty on millions of dolíais in money,
besides i uumbei of giants of land of considci- ,
able extent aid \alue, that weie voted by Con '
gress     Having ptescnted this explanation of the
i pimcipal e^pendimies which have been chaiged
to the piesent yeai, and defiayed to the extent
' lequired, a basis has been laid foi showing the
itasons upon which this Depaitment has jn fl-
eet d( d to itducc its estimates ioi new appiopna-
tions for expenditure the ensi nig yar to the
extentof about s \ and a thud milhonsof dollars
l below those of list yiar This is about one and
a   third  of   a million   1 ss,  independent of the
I amount then estimated to bo needed towaids the
| diseh use of the public debt    In that sum of new
1 appiopmtions, imounti ig to ibout #21,000,000,
(In it   wis  no peiminent chaige  that his  been
I d imcd likely to be much lessened foi the ensu-
| mg yeai, such as the aiming of the militia and
the giadu il impiovement of the Nav\ Noi, m
the op mon ot tins Depntment, will the gnat
objects iori.xpcndituie,ot achai-actei genual an 1
I somewhit fix d, su<h as tliose usuallj connected
I with civil mil foieign juuposts, the Navy and
Aimy, including woiks  class d   is internal im
i jnovemcnls Indians and p nsions, adi nt, imme-
diately, of so gieat diminution m numbei oi
unount as miffht be dtsned md is heieaftei ex
pectt á but «is 1 rge a icduction as piaeticable,
without lnjuiy to the public i iteiests and a mg
let t of impoitant duties, has been made in the
estima ed (xpendit-ies foi  each of them, being
| in all, ifter allowing a s nail niciease m somi,
about one and % thud million oi doll us
¡ It is nticipated that with the v luablcimpi ove-
mm^soflate yeaisin steam, and the gieat advant-
ages m usmg these im movements foi haiboi and
mautime defense, some of the foi tifications ori-
ginally contemplated, may heieafter be wholly
dispensed with, or be built on a diffe ent and
leduced scale and thoi gh it is thought that only
about two millions can the fjllowi igyeai be pru-
dmtly retrenched fiom the expendituics con-
nected with foitificattons, -nd liaibors, Indians
and pensions, yet it is manifest that very soon
the amount íequned for ti ose public purposes
nust, by the completion of the most necessaiy
defenses, by the extinguishment of moot of the
titles of the Indians, and the removal of that un-
foi lunate race beyond the Mississippi, and by the
rapid maich of death among pel sioneis, and the
detectioi of numeious f auds among their pio-
fessed agents, become still more diminished, and
as our impost duties will be fuither i educed by
the ope ations of the act of Maich, 1833, the re-
duction both in levenue and m cxpendituie, for
these gieat objects, will, therefoie, happily and
conveniently foi a time be likely -veiy near to
correspond A moie fixed amount foi the oidi
naiy peace establishment of he Aimy, and some
other evpendituies connected with the executive,
legislative, and judicial dcpaitments, would, like
what now exists, with gieatei piccision and um-
foi mity 11 the expenses of the Navy, be a great
desideiatum in the peimanent adjustment of our
revenue system, and would tend,in manyimpoit
ant respects, to useful íetienchment The giad-
luil inciease íequned in some classes of expcndi-
luit , b} the gi idu d increase of oui population
and wealth, and of those public establishments
\ Inch fluctuate with them, such as some parts of
the judiciary, the legislative, and executive, could
then be acequíate ly foreseen and piovided for,
while any extraoidmary and unexjxeted enlaige-
ment in expenses would then excite inquiiy, and
unless lestmg on cleai and extiaoidmary causes,
would justify opposition When so resting, they
would be met by the public cheei fully by* mean"
of ine-eased taxes and revenue
Anothei important circumstance deserves
consideiation m explanation of the new and con-
tingent item of #2,500,000, now first added to
the estimates for tne ensuing year It has been
ascertained by acareful sciutmy and compauson,
that much of the gieat expenditures of the last
fou yeais, besides the payment of the debt, ha've
austm from appropnationsby Congiess to alai gei
amount undei particular heads, than the geneial
estima es foi the yeai,submitted by the Tieastuy,
and to large appropi rations to objects not specifi-
cally included in any estimates To illustrate
this, an abstiactof a table of the geneial estimates,
appiopuations, andexpendituies,dunng the past
two yeais, and of all these, but the expendituies
dm mg the past tin ee years, has been pi epaied ai d
I is submitted showing a difference between the
| es'imates and apjiropr ations, indejaendent of the
' public debt, m lh32, of letween five and six mil-
lions in 1833, ofneaily five millions, and in 1834,
of about thiee millions The Ingest poition of
this gieat inciease, amounting 11 the first two
years, nom o ic quntei to one thud of the whole
appiopmtions, it will be seen is under the civil
and miscellaneous heads, and under nemsclassed
with the militaiv establishment, such as hirbois
imptoved, pensions, &c Toi theinfoimation of
the public on a comjniison deemed so -very im
portant,it is pioposod to publish the detaih d table
fiom which this ip compiled, and asimilar one
heieafter, appended to the annual exhibit of the
receipts and expenditures Should this practice
of makm appropuations so gieatly exceeding the
est mates be continued by Congiess, it will not
oi Iy piev-ent much icduction, particulaily undti
the miscellaneous head, but it will be necessaiy
to provide fo' the consequences of it by an
augmented levenue, piopoitionate to these de-
mands, oi by a largei legulu surplus in the
Treasiuyto meet such unexpected met eases of
appiopuations it must be m^mfe st, that it is
not m the pow er of this Department to foresee
and complete thesp men ase s with any fh gree of
aecuiacy, as with the exception of some subse-
quent en mates, submitted aftei the annual ones,
th"y depend almost vvholl} m then inception,
on the pleasure and discretion of Congiess and as
they consist chiefly of miscellaneous public ob
jects, and prívale gi mts for almost numberless
causes, they may vaiy greatly m d.fferent years.
Butit might be unfaithfulness in the undt rsigned,
t iwards both Congress and the public, since the
extent of the influence of this excess on the ex
penditures, though alvvajs somcthn g, has been
ascertained to be very laige during the last three
years, not to bring it distinctly to their notiee>, and
not to submit a contingent item m the estimates
for the puipose of covering it Whether that
which the Department has now offered, reduced
as it is neaily one half fiom the average of the
actual txcosteE during the thiec fu.st yeais, \>ill
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
piove coirect or not, and whether the diminished
estimates undci some other he ids, will coi respond
01 not, with the ictu il mioutit of appiopnattons
that ma} be made, and with our anticipated means
to meet them, will depend much on the caution
and policy Co gie^s may deem pioper to use m
lestnctmg appi epilations pío eneaily withmthe
est mies piesented     On the piesumption that
they mty bemoic restneted than hcietofoie,only
thcadditionb foiemcntionednas on this account,
been made to the who e estimated  expendituies
foi tne ensuing yeai   A ltduction somuchlower
than the lat     ci.   tl av ngcoxcessi s,is supposed
tobe   justified fiom two leading considciations
One of them  is the encumstance, that dining a
sho t s ssion of Congress,  which now oecuis,
few   i bills of u t sccllancoi s chai ictct can genci
ally be well ex immed and parsed, than duimg a
long "ession   Anothiris   tint as oui r venue di
mimshes   it is piobablethat gtc iter vigilanct w 11
be cxeicised by ill, m the allowai ce of very an
cunt md almost obsolete pin ue claims, or of
claims vciy dot btful m ch uactci astoeithei facts j
orpiiiiciplcs,andinmakingfiiithei app opiiations '
to some obji cts of public nnpoitanci, which have j
aheady lcceivcd hbcialatteiticn, and which, frojn I
then nituie, must be exjie   ted to diiuinish lathei
than  mcieasc   in  then   demands  on   the public
Ticasuiy     Thus, in icgaid to light houses, cus
torn houses, mime ho&pit Is—not to enumeiate
vanots ob|ects connected  with ■internal mifioie
ment   and pubbc expendnu e, within the Dis   i
tnct of Columbia—it is manifest that the sums
inpiopiiiUd foi  some years pas', can be safely j
and judicious1}  diminished m seveial respects, '
and in otheis  ilmost ent lely discontinued     If
this be done, is it dou }tle«s will be, with dis
elimination   and .judgment,  though   some  new
obji c s will have to be added, and manases in
itom   old ones computed, yet it is piobable thatthe
saving m expense to the j ublic will not onlv be
eonsideiable, but at the s eme tim  , no object of
a leally commeicial chaiictei, and of national
mao-mtutle, need be neglcrteel, noi tt y piwei e v   '
erased  and tieasa c cxp nded, i i those dot b ful
cases of constitutional light in the Geneial Gov
einment, which tend to al enaté biethien of the
same political family, and topeipetuite excite-
ments unfavoiable to usetul legislation, a id in
some degree dangeious to oui  Union      It has
been further consideied, m the estimates and le
ductions foi   the  ensuing yeai,  that oui   whole
expendituie on account of tl e public debt has in
one sense ceased, either bv completing the pay
ment of it, or bv a depesit of money with the
commissioners of loans, oi   t uadmess of it in the
Tieasuiy  sufheiint to pay  all which  tenia ns,
whenev  r the hold rs choose to íeceive it     But I
though all tie principal anil mtei est necessary foi |
this objei twill, bef  le tl    ye u closes, hive been
placed m the bank and its bian lies as conmis
sioneisof loans, vet the piactice is   toicquirethe
mteiest, if not called foi seasonably  to be, aftci
a cert in peiiod,  leturued to the   jfieasui) , a  d
the pimcij dl only to be ictained by the b mk, tiU
otheiwis    dnected by the commiss oiieis of the
sinking iuid,oi  bv Congress     The unclaimed
mt ícst, aftei  1 ivmg been once pud out of the
Tie ism v and letuined, does not at this time ex
ceed s261 938, oi the money leady tl eie fo' its
disehnge, after meetn g ill the outstanding cui
rent appiopmtions     Undei thispiact ce, it wid
be seen that its pav ment must constitute some
annual chaige on the Ticasury tiU the whole is
actually adjusted, and coiiscqtently §50 000 for
th it pin pose  has been included m the estimated
exjie udituie of the ensuing yen    This will piob
ally be  neatlv all the  demands of any kind foi
th   public d bt, m anv form which will then he
mi d   on the Tieasui y or t le sinking fund    The
lest of the sinking fund   if not abolished by Con
giess   could heic diei be apnhed foi ge icial pui
poses
In subslantnl confoimity to the piopo-atioi
nadelistyc i by this Dcp\itment,itwould now
seem still moie impel itive on Coil !ess topiovide
that the money, whcthei pnncipal oi mteiest,
diawn fiom the fietsmj and pla-ed in the bank
ai d its brinel is is commissioneis of lo ns,and
which shall not be called foi by the public cicd
itois befoie the clo^e of the enduing } ear, should
be if paid into the Tieasuiy and he Id nndei notice
to cicditoi-, to íeceive it theie, that the office of I
| commissioner of loans be abolished, thg duties
of the commissioner of the sinking fund, and the
! piovisions as to the fund itself suspended, and
such power devolved on this Depai tment as may
I be necessai y to a settlement of th u pai e of the debt
which may not then have been demanded, and as
the bank chaiter soon theieaftei expires, to'pio
vide further that the books and othci papeiscon
I nected with the pul he debt should be letuined,
and deposited heie to enable the Tieasuiy to
guard against mis'akcs and fiatds     The whole
| amount unclaimed in possession of the bank on
I account of the public debt has been icduced to
£>283,333, and though aboi t to be augmented by
the tiansfe i of a sufficient sum to meet the whole
lesidue of the outstmding debt, it will piobibly
not remain tiuch laiger at the close of the ensu
mg year
With a little legislvhon of this 1 md, eveiy
thing will be done by Congress which is deemed
necessary to close up it 's hoped foiever, all
tne once large public debt of these United St ues
By the payment of the whole of it with punctu
ahty and fid hty, it is gi itifying to leflcct that
oui pubi c ciedit as a nation has be en laised to a
high stand ng, and a la ge stock of confidence
acqu led ftom otheis, which in such future exi
gencies as aie likely to happen soonci or late i, in
I all con ltiies, will aid us to piocuie ample and
seasonable loans without i unions discounts oi
delays In puisumg this honoiable co tr c, the
Government of the Union has not only shown
good faith abioad to its foi cignfilends and al'ics—
those w ho lent assistance when most i etded—but
it ha  ledee med, vvne hei at home oi abioad, tl e
cntue debt of both the Re\olution ai d the 1-He
vai, paid the pu chas> money foi Honda and
Louisiana, and with a most s lupulous sense ol
moial as well as political o jliga 10 i, admin stend
in vanous w lys 11 the w ents and atoned foi m my
of the losses of those who peni d life ana fortune
m the s ruggle foi independence, 11 w Inch oui
public debt had its sacicd oi gin It is an addi
tio nl soui of giatiiie-ninn that this has been
effected without imposing heavv Lindens on the
i people, or leaving then  Treasmy emptv,tiade
' languishing, and mdastiy paialjzed but, on the
contiaiy,  with  almost ever}  great  mteiest rf
j society flourishing, v th taxes i educed, asuiplus
of money on hand, valuable s ocks and extensive
lands still owned  by the Goicriment, indwith
I such vanous other financial lesouiccsatcommand
as to give to oui countiy in this respect a verv
enviable superionty
"When it is consideied that this has been effected
by a voung,and, at fust, not vuy numerous peo
pie, with n about half icen uiy, and who, duiing
the same period, have piov dec! such othci and
ample means to sustain their usefil systems of
government, and to build up great and piosper
ous communities, we may well b" pioud of tl e
lhusti ition oui country aflbids if the fin mcnl
ability of fiee mstitu 101 s, nd of the hi_,h dc3U
mes n vanous resree ts, rot appiopna ely notice
al 1c on this occasion, but which may awnt our
picsemtion of these institutions in then ongiml
■ viaoi, puiity, and i ptbhci i simplicity
I Fiomthe views befoie tiken of the probable
wants dining the ensuing yeai for exncndituies,
and of the piobable íeceip s to meet them, it Ins
been stated, that on the 1st of Januny, 1836, it
was estimited that there will lemain a suiplus of
availiblc funds of ibout ^5,900,690 This result
Ins been atfmed by ce i siden >g the unavaihble
poition of our funds then and now o i hand, it
the i diced sum of about $1 loO 000 inst ad of
$1,401000 as h íetofoie lepnittd Rut it may
be dcsnabie to Congiess to know, that theie is a
piosptct during the ensuing yen , of collecting
some fin hei poi ion of th se funds This will
be accomplished, it is i lticipated by the appoint
ment of some moie ictive igents—bv n w com
piomiscs—and b} moie n°-oious lequnemtnts in
collections wheie pioj ert} existas > is to i du e
fuitl ei the whole amount fi oin-joO 000to$100 000,
and if this hope b i ah/ d the above mm d
available bal nee will to tint extent be meieised
A minute analvsis and c\i mnation of th s nn
iv i Kbit funds have lecentl} 1 enconp1 t d and
will be si hrntt d in the suppleme! tal it pon, soon
tobe laid before Congnss on the jiiesent mode
of keeping md disbuising he public levenue
Bat on the othci hand, tnlaigtdsomewhat ¿s this
balance may happen to be from any causes, it
should be lemembeicd, that onJ the 31st day of
December, 1835, another reduction of ten per
cent must, by the existing laws, be made from a
part of the piesent tauff, md if the surplus m the
I Tieasuiy, by a year fiom next Januaiy, should
I prove to be increased to two millions, it could not,
I vv ith safety, be regarded as too gieat foi meeting,
I with a ¡educed late of imposts on impoitations,
thepiobiblcwantsoftheyeai 1836 Atallevents,
such is the unceitamty on that subject at this
distance of time, that though something unusual
m the lattei part of the }ear 1836 may, m the
way of final dividends on oui portion of the cap-
ital of the bank stock, be received, yet it is not
now possible to foiesee the contingencies that
may check either the piesent laigc impoitations
of meiehandise or la gc sales of land, and con-
sequently leducethe levenue derived from them,
oi that may requue in increase m oui Aimy or
Navy expendituies, arising fiom those unfor-
tunate collisions to which all nations aie liable
that feel diS|iosed to sustain the faith of treatits,
vindicate then public rights, and piotect, effi-
ciently, then commerce and citizens No fuither
ícducüon of the tairff, until that aheady provided
foi at the close of the ensuing year, would, theie-
feie, seem to be piudent
The reduction oi increase of the tariff is now
reft nod to with a view to revenue alone, and not
w th a view to questions so much agitate d hertto-
foie,of pi otection,countervail ng regulations, and
the pioper national policy to be pursued, as to
tht nnpoited luxtuies and necessaries of lite On
those points, it is considered fn btttei for the
ical manufacturers themselves, not engaged m
I mere speculative investments, as well is fci com-
' melee, agncultuie, and the ievenue,that a policy
I should be selected, not unjust to then gieatmtei
est, or cith i great section of the Union, and when
once est ib! shed, that fiequent changes should be
j avoided, and the occasional niciease oi reduction
of levenue which may sometimes become piopei
| foi funntial pui poses, should be conntcted with
ai tides wholly de tachtd fiom the question of pi o-
tection to nnnuiactures The tinit, as lo these
tioublesome points, is rtgaided as now adjusted
by the act of Maich, 1833, till the yeai 1642, e x
ceptin icsnect to such new íegulations as may
b lcejuued fiom time to time, foi the due enforce
ment of the spnit of that act, oi such other
changes as new occiuiences may satisfy the great
mass of the community are tendered piopei foi
eailiti modifications, without a depntuie fiom
the spun of the compromise then intended among
the fiiends of free tiade and of high piotection
A sen irate íepoit, on certain s ibjects i pitting
to the due enfoicenient of the piesent tanS", be-
ing in pitpaiation, only one of them will now be
| adveited to   It is tht evasion of the piesent duty
j on silks from 1 t yond the Cape of Good Hope, by
I then being fust landed, and occisionally recol-
I oied, oi  restamped   in Luitpe, befoie imported
into this countiv    In this wa} , and by the pies
ent discrimination in favoi  of Luiopean silks,
the levenue lesesaveiv luge am Hint   As some
lllustiat on of the loss by such discinninations,
the iicent one in fuoi   of I íench silks alone
amounted to over £,300,000 a yeai   and tint now
in   fivor of French   win s   imounts  to   nearly
1 ^200,000 moi   , making a loss of ovei 1 vlf a mil
lion a ytai on these two ai ticks with only one
nation
But, while on the othei points, independent of
the spmt o! tht (ompiomise of 1831 legislition
may oc icgaided as still fanl} open, it ceitunly
ought not to be attempted on so deberte and dif
ficult a suljtct, -unless nnpeiativt cases for it
I shall otcui, whcthei combined oi not with in y
men ise or uducuon of the tn iff that maybe-
come ntctssaij as i meie question o nvenueby
the actual condition of oui receipts and exjiendi
tu es So fu fiom any increase bein-, necessai y
et piesent, oi piospectively, the bdiner now on
hand in the licasuiy, and the a ciumg levenue
undci existing laws will in the opinion of the
Depai tment, prove amplj sufficient to answei all
oiamaiv demanus and, united with our othci
resotn-es, to answ r any unexpected demands of
no very extiaoidinuv amount
As appeals by the documents annexed, the
Government has about |6 341,400 subject to
gtneialuse, investid m the United States Ban*
14                                           THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          December 4,
Stock, and the sum of $i ,882,500 invested in dif-
ferent canal stocks; and the proceeds of the sales
of which, if authorized in any unexpected defi-
ciency, would, iu most cases, prove amply suffi-
cient, without any resort to an increased tariff.
On the contrary, neither of the available balances
estimated to be on hand in 1835 or 1836, after
deducting what will be wanting for outstanding
appropriations, can probably exceed a million.
Should the surplus, without that deduction, prove
to be about six millions, as estimated, the under-
signed respectfully submits that it will require
no legislation,as that amount has been about the
average usual balance retained on hand for many
years—abalance that has furnished great facilities
in meeting all claims, even at the remotest points,
with punctuality and good faith, afforded much
stability and elevation to our public credit, by
providing seasonably the moans for a punctilious
fulfillment of contracts, and yielded so great secu-
rity against sudden evils of every kind in finan-
cial affairs, as to render one of near that amount
provident and economical; and especially so at
this moment, when any surplus which may exist
will accrue under a permanent compromise of the
tariff, that contains within itself a provision to
reduce still further the duties, and undoubtedly
the whole amount of our revenue after the close
of the coming year.
It is a source of sincere congratulation, from
the general prosperity of our commerce, and from
the peace, industry, and abundance, which so
widely prevail over our fortunate country, under
its admirable institutions, that researches are
obliged" to be directed rather to the due reduction
or disposition of any occasional surplus that may
happen to exist in the Treasury, than to obtain
sufficient for public purposes by taxation and
other burdens. But under our altered system as
to duties, and the public debt, it will be prudent
to calculate that deficiencies, as well as surpluses,
may happen oftener than formerly. In the opinion
of the undersigned, however, neither can be soon
anticipated, so as to require immediate legislation.
Eut should Congress think differently, no harm
could arise from vesting a power in the Treasury
Department, in case of an unexpected deficiency
occurring in the revenue from any cause what-
ever, to sell such portion of our public stocks as
may be necessary to supply the public wants
growing out of actual appropriations. In a con-
tingency of that kind, against which, in the
preseiHsystom of our revenue, and withouta large
ordinary surplus to be applied as it can be spared,
or not, for the payment of a public debt, in the
manner heretofore practiced, it is difficult to guard
effectually against not only the occurrence of a
deficiency, but its usual evils, a delay, if not great
embarrassment and injury to publiccreditors, and
a violation of our plighted faith. At the same
time, it might be expedient to provide that, when-
ever the collections of the revenue, permanently
authorized, should prove to be m an excess not
immediately needed, or useful as a proper surplus
in the Treasury, the Department should either
obtain interest for it of the banks where the
largest amounts are long deposited, or invest it
temporarily in some safe stocks, till needed, or
till the tariff is again changed. This would prob-
ably secure a due interest on it while retained,
instead of the present and past modes of obtaining
interest on any occasional surplus, by applying
it in discharge of the public debt; and which
mode, since the payment of the latter, can no
longer be pursued.
Should facts occur, which appear to require le-
gislation, such an arrangement, like a regulator
in some large or complicated machinery, remedy-
ing any occasional irregulaiities, might operate
more beneficially as to any considerable excess or
deficiency, than yearly changes of the tariff, made
to meet yearly vibrations in our revenue, or to
meet yearly reductions or augmentations in our
expenditures. This subject of interest from the
deposit banks, at some rate, and under some cir-
cumstances, was adverted to ill a report by a com-
mittee in one House of Congress the last session,
and would, at this time, be more fully examined
in connection with that report, and the subsequent
intimation of the United States Bank, of its claim
for damages on account of the late removal of the
deposits, connected, it is apprehended, with the
idea of a profit or interest derived from them,
were ¿t supposed that either point could, in the
present'eondition of things, be considered of any
practical importance. But the balance of money
at present on hand,as before remarked, is merely
the usual and convenient amount for current fiscal
operations, and most of it is liable at any moment
to be withdrawn to meet existing appropriations.
While the intimation of the bank, resting, as it
probably must, on an impression that the bonus
was paid instead of interest on the public de-
posits, is not believed to be supported by the lan-
guage or spirit of the charter, which required the
bonus "for the exclusive privileges and benefits
conferred by this act on the bank," and which
exclusive favors, whether termed privileges or ben-
efits, consisted principally in the sole right of
banking for twenty years, and for which alone,
Mr. Madison, in his veto of 1815, and Mr. Dallas,
in his letter, December 24, 1815, thought " that
a bonus should be paid to the Government."
The letter further observed that, " Independent
' of the bonus here proposed to be exacted, there
' are undoubtedly many public advantages to be
1 drawn from the establishment of a national
•' bank, but they are generally of an incidental
' kind, and, as in the case of the deposits, and distri-
' bution of the revenue, may be regarded in the
' light of equivalents, not for the monopoly of the
' charter, but for the reciprocal advantages of a
' fiscal connection with the Government."
If the reasons should ever bo presented to this
Department in support of the late intimation of a
demand for damages for the removal of the depos-
its, in a case where the bonus was claimed and
paid on the above grounds, and where the right
to remove the deposits was expressly reserved in
the charter to the officer removing them—it will
then probably be in  season  to enter more fully
mho this collateral question: or should the balance
in the possession of the State banks, at any time,
become much larger than the current demands
existing against the Treasury, it will, if Congress
do not earlier think proper to act on it prospect-
ively, nor to authorize any temporary investment
of it, be then considered necessary and proper for
this Department to examine in what cases, and
under what circumstances, on what surpluses,
and at what rate, interest could equitably be de-
manded, in addition to the useful duties performed
by the selected banks in behalf of the Treasury.
On these points, however, it is hoped that this
Department will  not be  understood  as recom-
mending that taxes should ever be imposed with
a view to permit a large surplus, any more than
a deficiency, to occur; but that, when the former
unexpectedly and unintentionally  happens, an
income should be realized from it, by interest or
an   investment, until, at the  end of every few 1
years, a thorough revision of the tariff would, in i
the pursuit of this policy, be made, and so gradu- '
ated as, during the next succeeding term, to be :
likely to correct any great irregularities, whether \
excesses or deficiencies, that had happened during ¡
the preceding term, and to lead to the  sale and I
use of any interest or investments, which, in the ;
mean time, had accumulated?                                    ■
Those other questions, naturally connected
with the present deposit banks, and,'intlped, with !
our whole existing system .of finance, so far as !
regards the keeping and disbursing of the public :
money, might here be appropriately considered I
Yet, without any desire to avoid, but rather from I
a wish to submit tl at full and frank discussion !
of them which their acknowledged importance ■
and the exciting interest in them demand from the i
fiscal department of the Government, they will be \
postponed toaseparatesupplementalreport,which i
will be confined exclusively to their considera-¡
tion, and will soon be presented to Congress. j
It appears to the undersigned that a change in :
the commencement of the fiscal year, and of the
time at which the annual appropriation began, '
would be a great improvement in the financial
operations of the Government. If the year was
to commence after the last day of March, instead
of September, and the annual appropriations •
begin fiom the same date, many delays and em- :;
barrassments would be avoided, and the inform- :¡
ation on the condition of the receipts and ex- ! i
penditures of the previous year,.to he laid before ! i
Congress each session, could be much more full ,!
and accurate.                                                               <;
Upon the subject of the now coinage of gold, ¡!
and the operation of the acts of the last session
relating to it, and the value and tender of foreign
coins, this Department docs not, until further
experience is bad, contemplate offering many
recommendations for new legislation. A partic-
ular suggestion deemed proper is, that the one
dollar gold coin, originally embraced in the late
act, should be authorized. If found on trial to
be convenient, as small gold coins have been
found, some of less and some of little larger
amount, in Portugal, Russia, Spain, Turkey, and
Switzerland, it does not seem to comport with the
interest and welfare of the community to prevent
its coinage and circulation here; and if not found
on trial to be useful, the sagacity of self-interest
will soon lead to the abandonment of its coinage,
by making no demand for it. Thus the com-
munity can in no event sustain much, if any,
injury from it; while the facilities of the public,
by having a coin of either metal, gold or silver,
as small as one dollar, may be greatly increased.
I'his kind of legislation, with a view to provide a
full supply and variety of coin, instead of bills
below five and ten dollars, is particularly condu-
cive to the security of the poor and middling
classes—who, as they own but little in, and profit
but little by, banks, should be subjected to aa
small a risk as practicable by their bills.
The wealthy and commercial, for whose ben-
efit chiefly banks are instituted, will then chiefly
use their bills, and suffer by them, if forged or
depreciated; while the laboring classes, and men
of small property, will, by the justice and paternal
I care of the Government, generally be provided
with a currency of hard money, not exposed to
any risk of failures, and to be used for all deal-
ings of such an amount as their daily or weekly
wants may in most cases require.
The new coinage has as yet been confined prin-
cipally to the half and quarter  eagles, and   has
equaled in all about $3,114,090; or in four months
more than four times the annual average coinage
of gold for many years past.    The demand for
other coins has also been promptly met through-
out the year.    To aid in carrying the new law
into efficient operation, this Department, last Au-
gust, placed in -the hands of the Director of the
Mint, under theact of April 2,1792, twenty thou-
sand dollars, and ten thousand more in Septem-
ber, as it was needed, and could be, without in-
convenience, spared from the Treasury.    By this
course, many have been enabled at once to realize
funds from their deposit of bullion or coin, and
the Mint to continue its operations uninterrupt-
edly, and to supply promptly where desired coins
already prepared for circulation.    The strong dis-
position of the public to use the new coinage has
been observed with pleasure; and the liberal aid
of many of the deposit banks in.assisting to in-
crease its circulation has proved very useful, and
deserves commendation.     As the  new coinage
commenced nearly in the middle of the year, and
the date till next January could not, by law, be
altered so as to distinguish the new from the old
com, such other alterations were adopted by the
Director of the Mint as the law permitted, and as
were calculated to aid the community in readily
discriminating between them.
!     After the next year begins, the new date alone
j will  enable  the  public   to   distinguish   the   new
: coins; and such modifications only will be made
j in the former emblems as taste and convenience
j may, in the opinion of the Director, and without
i an omission of anything required  by Congress,
1 appear to demand.    His report, which it is ex-
pected will soon be received and presented, will
probably furnish every  further particular con- .
nected with the  concerns of the Mint that may
be interesting.    But it is considered proper to in-
vite the attention of Congress to a change in the
law respecting the oigamzation of the Mint es-
tablishment so as hereafter to prevent its opera-
tions in refining and coining for others from being
a tax on  the Treasury, and any longer swelling
the large amount  of our   annual  expenditures.
This could easily be effected by imposing a duty
or seignorage of about one per cent, on tlnfprompt
coinage  of silver,  and one  fourth  per cent, on
that of gold; the present coinage of copper now .
defraying its own expense.    This would be no
more burdensome to the persons holding bullion
than the delay now allowed for the recoiuagf,and
which delay of forty days, (or half per cent, dis-
1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     Í5
count if dehveied in five days,) and consequent
loss of interest, could, with such aseignoragc,and
the advantages now authouzed fiom the Ticas-
ury, be, without inconv emence, i educed to eight or
ten days, and the whole establishment be thus sus-
•ained by its own earnings without much, if any,
lncicased cost to either mmvidaals oi the public
But, in such case, if the  cost should evei  be
mcicased to individuals, some additional induce-
ment will be held out to prevent either the export-
ation oi melting of oui com, which has been so I
great hitheito, before the late change in the law,
as to have 1 ft in deposit and cnouiation in this '
countiy an amount of it not exceeding thatstiuek
in tw o oi thiec out of the forty years dunng which t
the  Mint has been in opei ition.    The expenses
and lubois of the Mint equaling, on an aveiage, '
about twenty thousand dol'ais a yeai,oi eight I
bundled thousand dolíais in all, excluding build- |
ings, have thus, except foi about two ycais,been j
entiiely lost to the countiy                                        |
It has been dtsnable to attempt some impiove-
ments in the re-venue cuttei scivice     With such
a view, all its regulations have been revised and I
republished     By those, it has been endtavoied ¡
to piomote the cause of tempeianee, and thereby I
to mciease the health and efficiency of the ciews, 1
and the safety of the public propel ty and the public
interests m this bianch of seivice,by holding out
a similai inducement to that now existing in the
Navy to discontinue the use of spn it on shipboai d
Grcatei secuiity has been piovided foi the prompt
payment of then wages, and foi official account-
ability     It has further been deemed expedient,
not only to stop any contemplated incitase in the
cutttis, but to reduce the number of them, and of
the persons employed in this scivice, as lapidly
as tht dmi'inshed temptation to smuggling will
safely peimit
By scvcialiesolutions, appropriations, and ac+s
of Congiess, at the last and pievious sessions, a
vanity of othei subjects, not yet rcpoited on, has
been confided to the attention of this D< paitment,
such as the election of a number of custom-
houses, the building of a budge ovti the Potomac
nvei in this District, a compiomise of the suits
pending against the film of Thomas H Smith &
Son, an opinion on the validity of some piivate land
titles in Missoun,arepoiton ccitainpiovisions m
thetauffactof July 14,1832, some statements as to
the marine hospital money, a íeoigamzation of the
Tieasury Dcp utment, and a íevision of the sub-
ject of salaues and fees to custom-bouse officers
These have itetived careful attention, and will
foim the subjects of senaiate repoits toCongiesa
caily in the pitsent session
In the rtpoit on the last of them, it is contera- ¡
plated to offei such suggestions, by way of ad-
dition to this communication,as die appiopiiately
connected with that inquiry, and as would othei   !
wise have been mentioned net m respect to some I
thangts detined suitable m the whole amount of '
compensation to vanous custom house officeis,
and in the numbei   of such  officcis, at vauou 
poits, and   in lcKtion  to othei   changes in tht
system, which the gieat alterations m the exist
mg duties stem to indicate as íequned foi sound
economy and tht public convenience
A few remaiks concerning hospital money will
also be postponed, and annexed to the statements
lequested in i elation to that subject
In the prepaiation of new weights and meas-
uies, on the authouty given m the act of 2d
Maich, 1799, and on tht pimuplcs set foith in a
íepoit fiom this Department of June 20, 1832,
coupled with the piovision on this subject in tht
Constitution, some piogicss has been made since
tht date ot that itpoit But tin di'Th ulty m pio-
eunng the most suitable materials fi om abioad has
u tii Jed tht completion of the work, and the pies
ent engagements of the distinguished gentleman
speciauy employed to supenntend this business,
and which engioss most of his ame, m asm icy
of the coast, may, with the encumstance before
named, pitvtnttlie final accomplishment of this
desnable object another ytai But it is hoptd
that then, eithti at the aistnal in this city, oi at
tlu Mint, the most natuial and appioprrvtt place,
tht new weights and measures will be satisfacto-
ry finished, and gitatti unifoimity and accu-
raty ittame d on i subject which, both as to lev-
( mu and eommtice, it is much needed, and will
piove eminently ustful to the public
The survey of the coast before alluded to has,
sinet the last annual repoit, been transfeired to
the chaige of the Navy Depaitmtnt, with which
it seems to be more intimately and appropuately
connected With this suney, the situation and
utility of our piesent light houses, aheady being
one hundied and ninety-nine in number, besides
twenty light-boats, ano! the necessity for othei s,
fiom time to time, would seem to be,m some de-
gree, fitly associated As a measuie likely to
lead to economy, in not extending the establish-
ment of light-houses beyond the leal wants of
the countiy, and in fixing then exact localities,
so impoitant to th" safety of oui navigation and
Navy, it is íespectíully recommended that, in the
sui vcy now in piogiess, Congitss should lequne
the latitude and longitude of every light-house to
be caiefully ascertained and published, the ím
poitance of its position to be inquiied into, and
that no new one be hcieaftei elected till a report
is made, in respect to its public benefits, by the
two collectors and the commandei of the navy-
yard neaiest the proposed site
Hie rebuilding of the Trcasmv edifice, on or
near its foimer location, with the dimensions of
the building enlaiged so as to meet the wants of
the Dtpaitment, and rendered fire-pioof for the
secuiity of its popéis, seems indispensable to lis
convenient operations, and to the safety of some
of the most valuable lecords connected with the
public ai chives
The report fiom the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is annexed Many of its sug-
gestions aie highly impoitant, and some of the
recommendations, as to changes in this bianeh
of the collections of the public money, are re-
spectfully, though earnestly, uiged on the con-
sideration of Congitss
Tht Indian titlts having, of late yeais, been
moie extensively extinguished, the quantity of
valuable lands bi ought into maiktt has mci eased
in amount, so as to place m the Tieasuty over
three millions annually, instead of about one mil-
lion, as was the case twenty years ago Within
the same period the land offices have augmented
in numbei fiom about eighteen to fifty-tlnce, in
actual operation in 1834 These eneumstances
have added much to the business of that buitau,
and should cleaily lead to a coiitspondmg m
cieasem itscleiks,oi a sepaiation fiom it of some
of its piesent ¡abonous duties, as the diminution
in othei business, in some othei buieaus, might
lead to reductions m tht number of then clerks,
to the extent proposed in the plan soon to be sub
mittedjin the reoiganization of the TieasuiyDe-
paitmtnt Attempts have been made, timing the
past year, with some success, to simplify tht
mode of making cntnts m the Geneial Land Of-
fice of the salts effected, some difficult and long-
delayed questions of accounts have been decided,
gieatei local accommodations and facilities fur-
nished to the offitt, and meieased convenience
and piomptitude, as fai as piacticable with the
pie,scnt force of the buicau, have been mtioductd
m the asceitainmcnt of titles, end m the collect on
and disbuisement of the hige amount of n venue
deuved fiom thissouice But new legislation can
alone give entire lehef, m tht piesent condition
of its enlarged duties, vnd at least $30,000 a ycai,
foi ten yeais, will be íequned to be expended, m
additional cleik hue, to dispost of all the wilting
in aireai,smd that nuy be heitaltei rendcicd
necessaiy by the additional sales of land
It gi\es mc gn at pltasurt to state, that among
I moit than fifty offices and one hundied íectiver 
¡  uid íegisteib connected with the present system
of land sales, amentble to the Secieiary of tht
Titasiuy, and undei  his eontiol as to their col-
lections,not one,duung the last yen, has proved
to be a defaultci, although the money collected
and paid over has piobably exeeed foui millions
All which is ltsptctfully submitted
LEVI WOODBURY,
Sec  ei«i;/ of the Ti easury.
Report of tlie Postmaster General.
General Post Ofhcf Depuumlnt,
.Aoiemoe), 1N34
To the Pusident of the United Skites
Sir The re poi t which I had the honoi to make
on the 30th No\embti, 1833, exhibited a bvhtice
due fiom this Depaitment on the 1st July, 1833,
beyond the whole amount of its available funds,
oí $195,208 40
The expenses for the transportation of the
mail necessanly continued undiminished till the
close of the year 1833, prior to which date the re-
tí enchments stated in that repoi t could not take ef-
fect, consequently, the balance of debt against the
Depaitment continued to augment till that period.
The gioss amount of postages was, from July
1st to December 31,1833.........$1,375,437 28
Compensation to postmasters, in-
cluding the contingent expenses
of their offices dunng the same
period, amounted to $434,628 89
Incidental expenses of
the Depaitmtnt dur-
ing  the  same time,
amounted to.......   47,797 29
The expense for tians-                   ,
portation of the mail
fi om July 1 to Decern
bci 31, 1833, was.. 1,013,402 68
Making the total ex-
penses of the Depart-
ment   foi  that  half
year...............------------------1,495,828 86
This sum, after deducting the gross amount of
postagtsfoi thatperiod, leaves adeficitfoi the six
montliscndrng31stDecember,1833,of $120,391 58
To this sum add the deficit existing
on the 1st July, 1853............  195,208 40
And the balance of the debt against----------------
the Depaitment beyond the amount
of its available funds was, on the
,     1st of Januaiy, 1834.............$315,599 98
Tiom the 1st of January, 1734, the íetiench-
ments in the transpoi tation of the mail, stated in
my íepoit of last yi ai, began to take effect, and
ftom that peííod tht icvenues of the Department
have exceeded its evptiists
The gioss amount of postage was, fiom Jan-
uai j 1 to June 30, 1834........    $1,448,269 69
Compcnsition to postmasttis, in-
cluding the con'ingent expenses
of then offices, within the same
period,amounttd to $461,133 64
Incidental expenses
of the Depaitmtnt
foi the same time,
amounted to  ....       30,300 38
The   tianspnitat'on
of the mail fiom
January 1 to June
30, 1834, amount-
ed to............   909,028 43
Making the total ex-
penses of the De
paitment foi the
half year ending
the 30th of June,
1834.......------------------
This sum de din t< d fi om the 41 oss
amount of postages for that pe-
riod, leaves a leienue beyond
the amount of expulses foi the
half yeai   fiom  Januai y 1  to
Tunt 30, 1834, ot...........
This sum deducted fiom the de-
ficit existing January 1, 1834 .
Reduces the balance of debt which
existed agamst the Depaitment
on the 1st July, 1834, to......
$1,400,762 45
47,507 24
315,599 98
$268,092 74
Such was the financial condition of the Depart-
ment on tht 1st day of July last The amount
of this debt has been continually diminishing to
the piesent time, and it continues to dimmish in
an increased 'atio         ,
On the 1st day of July, 1834, the balance of
the account with banks was $398,616 09 agamst
the Depaitmtnt, consisting of loans, $275,000,
and over checks to the amount of $123,616 99
I In this statement, the diffeience between loans
and ovti checks is íathei nominal than essential
When ovti-checks aie mutually agreed upon
to a ceitam definite amount as a standing oidor,
thc> die called loans, but when they vaiy indefi-
nitely as to time and amount, they are called
ovei-checks In eithei case they are debts due
Í fiom the Depaitment to banks.
16                                          THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          December 4.
This amount of balance against the Depart-
ment has been consideiably íeduced since the
1st of July last
On the 1st day of the present month it s*ood
as follows
Amount due for loans from banks     $275,000 00
Amount of over-checks, November
1,1834.....................     55,969 09
Making together the sum of......$330,969 09
On the  same  day  the balance  of
bank deposits in favor of the Do
partment, constituting the amount
of cash on hand, amounted to..,      82,031 34
greater sum dunng the year when the session Is!
piotiacted, than during the alternate yeai To
mike a fan comparison between the amount of
ftee letteis bcfoie and aftei the extension of the
flanking privilege, it is necessaiy to take two
entire yeais Thus The allowance to post-
masters foi the dehveiy of fiee letteisfor the two
years ending July 30, 1832, (before the exten
sion,)was........... ..       $40,ao6 89
For the two years ending July 1,1834,
(aftei the extension,) was........54,158 88
Making the actual balance of the ac-
counts with banks, against the
Department, on the. 1st of No
vember, 1834 ................    248,937 75
The contracts for the southern section, includ-
ing the States of Viigima, North Carolina, South
Carolina,and Greoigia, and the Tcrntoiy of Ploi-
lda, which will expire with thf curient year,
have been i ene wed, to take effect fiom the 1st ot
January next, on such terms as will effect an an-
nual saving fiom the amount nowpaidfoi tians
poitation in that section, of about ¿120,000
Additional ictrenchments have also been made
in the expense of tianspoitation, subsequent to
mv last leport, to the annual amount of about
$59,000, m ilung tog (her an annual saving, fiom
the 1st of Januai v next, of $179,000
Prom the savings thus effected, together with
the cum tut excels of levenue in fcivoi of the De
partment, it may be safely calculated that, with
out any reliance upon an increase in the gioss
amount of postages, the revenues of the Depait
ment will exceed its expenditures, during the
ensuing ealendai year, to the amount of £,270,000
Prom a careful estimate, it may be anticipated,
with cntne confidence, that befoie the close of
the jeai 1835 the wholctbalance of debt against
the Depaitment will be extinguished No pait
of this debt was eonti acted upon the ciedit of the
Treasury, noi upon anyothei credit oi authority
than that of the Department alone
It was nevei legaided by tithei of the parties
in the characte r of a debt of Government, but a
mere expedient to anticipate the lcsouices of the
Depaitment, based upon the ciedit oí those íe
souices alone
The means of its liquidation within a reason-
able time wore alw lys \vithin the legal contiol of
the head of the Dtpai tment and no othei means
have at my time been sought oi desued by the
Depai tment
In my repoit of Novombei, 1833, the expense
foi tianspoiting the mail, and foi incidentals,
liom Julj 1 to December 31,1833, was estimated
at...................          §1,061,044 71
llie actual expense foi that peiiod
was........................1,061,199 97
Varying from the estimate only ..            §444 74
The net pioceod  of postages for
the ye u ending 30th June, 1834,
were then estim ited at     ...     $2,037,410 81
The actud net piocceds of post-
ages foi that year were........1,927,644 44
Falling below the estimate by the
sum of.......................   $109,766 37
Thus it appears that the expenses of the De
paitment have not essentially vaned from the
estimates, but the net levenue ansing fiom post-
ages has fallen short of the estimates then made
moie than a hundred thousand dolíais this
is believed to be, in a very consideiablo degiee,
attributable to the gieat mciease of fiee letteis
The piogressivc mciease*of population natuially
brings with it an accumulation of business m the
executive offices, which tends, in some measure,
to mciease then conespondenee, and in addition
to this, a law passed m March, (833, extending
to membeis of Congiess the pnvilege of franking
duung the whole íecess Every other yeai, the
session of Congiess is protracted to a much
gieatei length than in the alternate year, when a
Congress terminates
The expenses for the delivery of free letters, at
two cents each, have always amounted to a much
Making, since the extension, an m
ciease of..................    $13,601 99
Oi payment for the delirexy of 680,099 fiee let-
teis more than weie delivered the two pieceding
years But no allowance is made for the delrvti y
of fiee letteis at post offices wheie the postinas
ters' commission!  exceed $500 a quaiter
If the same propoiaon of fiee letteis is dehv
eied at offices wheie no allowances foi them aie
made to postulasteis, as atthc smallei offices, then
the  mciease since  the flanking pnvilege was
extended, is equal to 960,000 free letteis moie
than weie deliveied within the sime peiiod of
time piloi   to tint extension     The postage on
each of  these letteis, if not fiee, would be fiom
six cents to two doll us     The aveiage, it is be
lieved, would not be less than twenty five cents
each, exclusive of the postmasters'commissions
If estimated at this aveiage, they would  tniount
to......................     ¡,240,000
To tint, add the allowance actually
made foi their dehveiy..........    13,601 99
Foi the year ending June 30, 1834,
it was..................1,927,644 44
And the increase of free letteis within
the last two yeais has actually cost
the Depaitment............£,253,601 99
which is more than equal to the balance ot debt
at this time existing against the Depaitment
Estimates have been obtained fiom scveial of
the executive offices, of the amount of then offi
eial conespondenee earned on through the Post
Office estabhshmi nt undei the flanking pnvilege
of the officeis by whom it is conducted, and it
appears thatfiomt'ie DepaitmentsofStatc,Tieas-
uiy, Wai, and Navy, including the sub-offices of
the Tietsuiy and Navy, the official conespond
ence by mail, on which no postage is paid,is es
timated to be equal to 2,085,235 single fiee let-
teis in a yeai, and that by fai lilt gitatcr piopoi-
tion of them aie sent the full distance foi which
the highest iatc of postage would be chaigeable
The aveiage postage on those letteis, if not fiee,
It is  belli ved would be not less than 18J   cents
each, which would amount to $,503,481 56
|     11ns estimate is exclusive of the offices of the
j Attorney Geneial, Adjutant General, Commis
saiy Geneial, Inspeetoi Geneial, Uuaiteimaster
Geneial, Paymastei Geneial, and Supeuntendent
I of the Patent Office, all of whom have the pnvi-
lege of fraukin0     It is also estimated that the
I numbei of fice letteis passing undei the fiank of
members of Congiess, amounts to 8,000 a day
I during the session
J If the toiiespondence of the offices above men-
tioned, which aie notembiaccd in the estimate,
and the postages fanly estimated which woi Id be
chaigeable on the conespondenee of membeis of
Congiess, if not fiee, should be added to the
statement, it is believed that the annual amount
of free letteis would not fall short of a million
of dolíais, exclusive of the conespondenee of the
Post Office Depaitment itself
This is an annual contnbution by the Depart-
ment to the Government
Though the amount of revenue ansing fiom
postages, for the yeai ending June 30, 1834, did
not equal the estimate, yet there was a consider
able increase abo\e the amount of the preceding
year     The gross amount of postages for the year
ending J une 30, 1833, was    .....$2,616,538 27
Foi the yeai ending June 30,1831,
it was......................2,823,706 97
Making an increase  in the gross
amount of...................  §207,163 70
The  net amount of postages, after deducting
commissions to postmasters, and the contingent I
expenses of then offices, was, for the yeai endme I
June 30, 1833..................¡,1,790,254 05 i
Making an incicase in the net pro-
ceeds of....................    $137,389 79
The finances of the Department continue to be
in an impioving condition, and the solicitude
which has been shown to obtain mail contracts,
the reduced lates at which they have been taken
foi the southern section, and the zeal with which
contracto!s generally persevere m thin services
to the Depaitment, furnish ample deroonstiation
that its ciedit is ummpaned
The numbei of post offices in the United
States was, on the 1st of Julylast, 10,693, being
an increase of 566 over the number lepoited last
year
The annual amount of transportation has been
but slightly vaned since my last repoit The
mail is now earned in stages and steamboats
about 16,900,000 miles ayeai and on horseback,
and in silkies, about 8 600,000 miles, making
togethei about 25,500,000 miles a year
The cell ntv of the mail should ah\ ays be equal
to the mot npid tiansition of the tiavclei and
that which shortens the time of communication,
and facilitates the intercourse between distant
places, is like bringing them nearei together
While it affords convenience to men of business,
it tends to counteiact local piejudices, by enkug-
mg the spheie of acquaintance
It perpetuates existing friendships,and creates
new ones, by which the bonds of union aie
stiengtheneel, and the happiness of society pio-
moted These oonsideiations have always had
then full weight upon mv mind m making im-
piovements in mail opei vtions
The multiplication of laihoads m diffcientparts
of the country promises, within a few yeais, to
give gieatiapidity to the moví ments of traveléis
and it is a subject worthy of mquny, whether
measures may not now be taken to secuie the
transportation of the mail upon them' Aheady
have the i ulroadsbctween rienehtovvn, in Maiy-
land, and New Castle, hi Delawaie, ind between
Camden and Amboy, m New jeisey, aftoided
gieat and important facilities to the tiansmission
of the great eastern mail The laihoad between
this city and Baltimoie will soon be complet d,
and the distance fiom the post office m this plac
to that of Baltimore will not be imteiially varied
from the pr sent load, 38 miles
From Bal mioie by Port Deposit, m Maij-
¡and, to Coatesville, in Pennsylvania,the line foi
a lailroad is located, and the stock subsenbed foi
its completion, and fiom Coatesville to Philadel-
phia a raihoad is made and in opeiation
The distance between Baltimore and Philadel-
phia, on this road, will be 117 miles, about 18
miles grcatoi than the piesent luid loute Fiom
Philadelphia to Trenton bridge, about 28 miles,
the raihoad is neaily completed and fiom New
Biunswickjin New Teisej , to Jeisey City, on the
west side of the Hudson nvei, opposite the city
of New York, 30 milts, the railroad is in i state
of progress When those woiks shall be corn
pleted, the only mttivd will bo between Tiei ton
and New Brunswick, about 26 miles, to complete
an entne íaihoad between this place and the city
of New Yoik, and it cannot be supposed that the
enteipusing State of New Jeisey will long delvy
to peí feet a communication of such greatimpoit
anee, passing through most of hci laigest uid most
flourishing towns When this shall be done, the
whole dista ice between this city md NcvYoil ,
on a continuous raihoad, will not exce d 240
miles and the journey may be peifoimed u all
times with ccitainty, allowing ample time foi
stopping at lmpoitaut places on the load, in 16
houis, ind ordinarily in a shortei peiiod
If provision can be made to  ecuit the íegulai
transpoitation of the mail upon this, and upon
othei ruiioads which are constructing, and in
some instances aheadv finished, it will be of
gieat-utility to the public otherw lse, these cor-
porations may become exorbitant m then de-
mands, and prove eventually to be dangeious
monopolies
I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your
humble seivant,
W T BARRY
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED   AT THE   CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,   BY BLAIR  &  RIVES.
Second Session, 23d Congress
MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1834.
Volume 2 ..No. 2.
IN SENATE
Monday, December 8, 1834
The Hon  Messrs   Wubstfr  of Massachu
s°tts, WiGGaMik  of Louisiana,  Prentiss  of
Veimont, Kino of Alabama, and Clayton of
Delawaie, appeared and took then seats
EXECTJTIVF  COMMUNICATIONS
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Tieasury, in relation to the construction of the
budge over the Potomac at the city of Wash-
ington
Also, the report of the Secietary of the Treas-
ury relative to a íeoiganizaüon of the Treasury
Department
On motion of Mr KANE, the reading of these
communications was dispensed with, and they
were oidered to be printed
The PRESIDING OFFICER also laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Tieasury, communicating information of the
quantity of scrip issued upon bounty land wai
rants to the Vngimi Continental line, which,
on motion of Mr Tyier, was oidered to be
printed, with the accompanying documents
Also, another communication from the Treas-
uiy Dcpaitm nt, relame to the case of Mary
O ¡Sullivan which, on motion of Mr Kane,was
oideied *o be pin ted
Also, anotliti communication fiom the Treas
uiy Depaitmcnt, showing the amount of funds
m the 1 leasuiy applicable to the election of ma-
rine hospitals, and the number of such hospitals I
in the United ¡states, which, on motion of Mr
Silsbee, was oidered to be printed
CREDENTIALS  OF  MR   BUCHANAN.
The VICE PRLSIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication fiom Jacob Kein, pres
identof the convention of the Legislatuie of Penn-
B) lvania, with a ceitificate of the election of J\mes
Buchón in to íepiesent that State m the Senate
of the United States, to supply the vacancy occa
sioned by the resignation of the Hon William
Wilkins
contingent expenses of the senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen
?te a communication fiom  the Secretary of the
Sen ue, with astattment of the  contingent ex-
penses of the Senate foi the past yeai
NOTICES  OF BILLS
Mi WEBSTER gave notice that, on to mor-
row, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
yo ide compensation to American citizens foi
spoil itio is on their commeice pnor to 1800
Mi TYLER gave notice that, on to morrow,
he w ould ask leave to intioduce abillauthonzing
a fuithei issuing of scrip to holdeis of militaiy
bounty land wai rants of the Virginia line
Mi kllsOr, of Alabama, gave notice that, on
to mono  , he would ask leave to intioduce a bill
foi the íehcf of Theodoie Bughtwell
Mr TIPTON gave notice that, on to-monow,
he would ask leave to introduce a bi'l foi the
lehef of Colonel Gad Humphicys
Mi NAUDAIN gave notice that, on to mor-
low, he would ask leave to intioduce a bill au
thouzmg i pinchase, on the pait of the Unted
States, of the patent oí Bo> d Reilh , forapplymg
certain mesp ia >lc gases to the human bod) , to
be used m the Aimy and Navy
Mi MOORL gave i otice that, on to moirow ,
he would ask leave to introduce a bill granting to
the State ot Alabama the two per cent pioeeeds
of the sales ot public ltuds within the ¡state, to
be ippucd, isthcGcreial lsscmbly may piovide,
fui the tdiu mmi ot the ch Idien ot those who are
in on< instances too indigent to fuiniUi means
of educ itmg them
NORTHERN  BOUNDARY Or OHIO.
The bill U settle  and establish the northern
boundaiy line ot the State   of Ohio was  taken
up on its second leading, and, on motion of Mi
LWIMt, it was laid on the table
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr MOORE, on leave given, introduced a bill
for the telief of Samuel Smith, Lynn Magee, and
Semoise, Cieek Indians, which was read a first
time, and oidered to a second reading
Mi MOORE, on leave given, also introduced
a bill to authorize a relinquishment of the six
teenth sections, and the granting of other lands
in lieu thereof, for the use of schools, which was
read a first time, and oi dered to a second readmg
Also, a bill foi the lehef of Susan Marlow,
which was lead a fust time, and ordered to a
second reading
On motion of Mr WHITE, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty additional copies of the
documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage were ordeied to be printed
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr  EWING submitted the following resolu
tion
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to the Senate a copy of any commu-
nications received by him from the commissioners
appointed by the States of Maiyland, Pennsyl
vaina, and Vnginia, to ícceive poitions of the
Cumbeiland load lying within the limits of those
Statesiespectively.andtoerecttol' gates theieon,
and if any money be necessary to complete the
repairs of said íoadagieeably to the requirements
of laws of said States which have ícceived the
assent of Congress, and that he furnish an est!
mate of the amount     Also, that he infoi n the
Senate what is the condition of the masoniy on
that road, and how many inches of metal have
been put on that pait of it whien has been located
anew, and upon that part of it which lies between
the Monongahela and Ohio livers, and also what
depth of metal is, in his opinion, nccessai)  to
make it a permanent and substantial load, upon
the plan which has been adopted, m its íepdirs
by the Department
Mr EW1NG submitted the following
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be dnected
to tiansmitto the Senate copies of all suiveysand
documents that are in his Department, relative to
the impiovemcnt of the haiboi at the mouth of
the river Rai^m, in the Territory of Michigan
ELrCITON OF COMMITTEES.
Mr SOUTHARD moved that on Wednesday
next the Senate would proceed to the appointment
of the standing committees
Mr POINDEXTER suggested the postpone-
ment of the day till Monday next, as the Senate
was not very full, and as ltwas desnable to have
a full "ttendance ot members
Mi SOU THARD had no objection, with a
view to considei the subject, that the motion be
laid on the table, and moved to th-t elect, winch
v. as agreed to           ________________
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Mondav, Decembei 8, 1834
The following standing committees weie ap-
pointed by the bpcakei, puisuant to the ordei oí
the House
Elections—Messis Claiborne, Gr ffin, Hew
kins, Vanderpoel, Hannegan, Haid, Bums,
Bouldm, Kilgore                    
If ajs and Means—Messrs Polk, Wilde, Cam-
breleng, IvleKim, Bmney, Lojall, Mclvinlev,
Hublaid, Coiwin
Clams— M ssis Vv' mlescy ot Ohio, Baibour,
Mclntne, Gholson, Foiestei, Stoddu', Banks,
Fulton, Miner
Comma ce—Alessi s S jtheil ind, Hai per oí iN ew
Himpshne, Pmekn y , Heath, Peaice of Rhode
Islmd, Gill t, Pnillips, Jolnson ot Lo us ana,
Vloigm                                                                   ,
Public /and?-Ale ssis Clav, Bjon, bide,
Ashley, Inge, Will ims, LiikoIi, Casey, Chy-
ton                                                                  „
Poit Offic and Post Roads—Alessrs Connor
Kavanagh, 1 liornas ot Louisiana, Bnggs, Mm
phy, Lane, Lapoite, Hall of Mawe, Sel.lcy
District of Columbia—Messrs Chmn, W B
Shepard, McKennan, Allen of Virginia, Heister,
Fillmore, King, Vanderpoel, Steele
Judiciary—Messrs Fostei, Gordon, Beardsley,
Thomas of Maiyland, Hardm, Parks, Pierce of
New Hampshire, Robertson, Hamer
Revolutionary  Claims — Messrs   Muhlenberg, *
Ciane, Bates, Standefer, Maishall, Young, Bay-
lies, Tuirill, Kmnard
Public Expenditures—Messrs Davenport, Lyon,
Page, Clark of Pennsylvania, Tweedy, McLene,
Jackson of Massachusetts, Hazeltme, Ferris
Ptuate Land Claims—Messrs Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Maidis, Carr, Galbiaith, Mann of New-
York, Bull, Chambers, Davis of Kentucky, May
Manufactuies—Messis Adams of Massachu-
setts, Denny, Dickerson of New Jersey, Mar-
tindale, McComas, Osgood, Clowney, Cramer,
Jackson of Connecticut
Jlgiiculture—Messis Bockee, Taylor of Vir-
ginia, Hathaway, Barnitz, Bean, Dunlap, Clow-
ney, Turner, Beaty
Indian Mffmrs—Messrs Gilmer, McCarty, Ev-
erett of Vermont, Giaham, Allen of Ohio, Dick-
inson of Tennessee, Howell, Love of Kentucky,
Gienncll
Military Mffams — Messrs Johnson of Ken-
tucky, Vanee, Speight, Ward, Thompson, Cof-
fee, Bunch, McKay, Anthony                    ,
Naval Jlffaus—Messrs White of New York,
Milligan Watmough, Lansing, Reed, Grayson,
Parkei, Smith, W sp
Foieitrn Jlffaus—Messis Wayne, Everett of
Massacnusetts, Hall of North Caiolma, Coultei,
Jar-vis, Pieison, Patton, Letcher, Peyton
lemtories—Messrs Allan of Kentucky, Potts,
, Jonnson of JNew Yoik, Wilson, Jones ot Ohio,
' Evving, Gamble, Cage, Tiumbull
|     Revolutionary  Pennons—Messrs    Wardwell,
Bdiunger, Tomkms, Moore of Virginia, Lea of
Ten iessee,Wilham K Fuller, Fowler, Bell, Lay.
|      Invalid Pennons—Messrs    Miller, Beale, Ad-
ams of New Yoik, Schenck, Chilton, Chaney,
Mitchell of Orno, Biown of New Yoik, Janes
|     Roads and Canals—Messis Mercer, Blair, Vm-
1 ton, Stewait, Rencnei, Johnson of Maryland,
1 Lucas, Pope, Rey íolds
I Revisal and Unfinished Business— Messrs. Dick-
I son, Hamson, McVean, Shinn, Taylor of New
[ Yoik
decoun's—Messrs Mann of Pennsylvania, Lee
of New Jersey, Mitchell of New York, Crockett,
Osgood
The following Standing Committees of the
House, appointed at the last session, remain
through the Congress
On Expenditures vn Depaitmcnt of Sta'e—Messrs.
Augustine H Sheppcrd, Day, Beaumont, Bodle,
Patteison
On Expenditures in Depai tineiit of the Ti easury—
Messis Allen of Veimont, Ph lo C Fullei, Har-
pei  of Pennsylvania, Spangler,  Clark of New
Oi Exp' uhtm es m Depai ti lent of War—Messrs.
Wmttlesey of Acvv Yoik, Deueny, Chambeis,
Wtbstet, Hilsey
0?i Evpcndiluies in Depaitmcnt of the JSavy—
Messrs Hall of Mame, Huntington, Ramsay,
SI  me  "V in Houtcn
On Expendüi íes 11 Depaitiiicnt of Post Office—
Messis  Hawts, Fulton, Bums, vvagciier, Lay.
On Extendiluies on Public Buildings—Mes&rs
Whdllon, Dailington, Biown, Henderson, Haid.
NEYv   HLMBERi QUALIFIED.
R T Mining and Trocís W Pickens,
cl.cted to fll vacancies in the South Carolina
delegation, appeared, were quilificd, and took
their seat
prrlTIONS    AIL,"MORÍAIS, ETC
Petitoi s and m moi als weio presented by—
MesMs  JARA IS and MeIN I IRE, ot Maine,
M ssis HLBB\.RD,BEA> and HARPER,
I of "Vw Han pshne,                                          _,_
Mi ssrs AD VAIS, BATES, and EVERETT,
' of Massachusetts,
2
18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. BARBER, of Connecticut;
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode'Island;
Messrs. WARDWELL, FILLMORE, HAL
SEY, BEARDSLEY, WARD, and MANN, of
New York;
[Mr. Ward presented the petition of Jonathan
Ward, Samuel Young,-and William A. Weaver.]
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey;
•   Messrs CHAMBERS, SUTHERLAND, and
BEAUMONT, of Pennsylvania;
Mr. HEATH., of Maryland;
Messrs. CHINN, PATTON, LOYALL, and
GHOLSON, of Virginia;
•    Mr. WAYNE, of Georgia;
Messrs. POPE, MARSHALL, LYON,
JOHNSON, and "LETCHER, of Kentucky;
_ [Mr. Pope presented a petition of numerous
citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, praying for the
establishment of a district court at that place;
whjch was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, the petition of Joseph Chilton and outers,
which was referred.]
.  Mr. VINTON, of Ohio;
Mi. GARLAND and JOHNSON, of Louis-
iana;
Mr. CAGE, of Mississippi;
Messrs. CLAY and MARDIS, of Alabama;
[Mr Clay presented the memorial of the Ten-
nessee canal commissioners, for the construction
of a canal around the Muscle Shoals, setting forth
the progress already made in that work, and the
necessity for a further appropriation to complete
the same, which they request shall be made;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Isaac
Wellborn, Jr., praying the passage of ¡in act to
confirm his title to a tract of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of John Mc-
Cartney, praying compensation for property de-
stroyed, or carried off Indian territory, by United
States troops; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
_ Mr. Maedis presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Pickens and Sumptcr, praying for a
repeal of so much of the existing preemption
laws as restricts the rights of occupants to convey
their lands, &c; which petition was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri;
[Mr. Ashley presented the petition of Mary
MeNair, praying remuneration for Indian depre-
dations;
The petition of Thomas Bazzell, praying remu-
neration for a horse lost in the service of the
United States;
The petition of James Ruby, praying a dona-
tion of land; which weie refencd.]
Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolution, submitted on Thurs-
day by Mr. Wabdwell, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to report to this House the amount ex-
pended in erecting the ship-house at Navy Point
in the county of Jefferson, and State of New
York, and the expense of keeping the same in
repair. Also, the like information in relation to
the vessel built and lately sold at Storr's harbor,
m said county, and the amount of compensation
allowed to the officer or officers, person or persons
who have from time to time had-charge of the
same. Also, the reasons, if any exisf, for the
further preservation of the vessel and ship-house
at Navy Point. Also, that he report the amount
heretofore paid for the use and occupation of the
land now belonging to the heirs of Henry Eck-
ford, deceased,at Navy Point andStorr's harbor,
on which the vessels New Orleans and Chippewa
were built, and also the terms of any contract
which may have been made with the Government,
or its authorized agent, for the use and occupa-
tion of such land.
Mr. WHITE moved the following amendment,
which was accepted by Mr. Ward well; and thus
amended, the resolution was agreed to:
"And any other information in possession of
the Department relative thereto."
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts, it was
Resolved, That a committee of three members
be appointed on the part of this House, who, to-
gether with three persons to be appointed on the
part of the Senate, shall direct the expenditure
of the money appropriated for the Library of
Congress.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of establishing
a branch of the Mint in some central position of
what is denominated the Gold Region, lying be-
tween the States of Virginia and Alabama.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed whose
duty it shall be to consider all matters referred to
them touching the puhlic grounds and buildings
in the city of Washington, with leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of providing by law for the publication,
semi-annually, in those newspapers printed in the
respective States, which from their location may
be best calculated to give information, and which
shall be designated for that purpose by the Sec-
retary of War, for the time being, the names and
the. residence of all those persons represented to be
living in said States, who are on tile rolls of the
invalid and revolutionary pensioners and annui-
tants, under the several acts of Congress.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Wand,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Wickford, in the State of Rhode Island, to New- '
port, in the same State, by the most direct course
from one place to the other.
REVENUE ON IMPORTED  MERCHANDISE.
Mr. BEATY moved the following resolution;
which was read, and laid upon the table for one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to send to this House the aggre-
gate amount of revenue collected on imported
merchandise, tonnage, &c, in each State of this
Union, for the year 1833.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HAWRS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting
of one member from each State, be appointed,
with power to inquire into the expediency of
ame«ding the laws relating to the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, in the State of New York,
or whether it would not comport with the pub-
lic interests to abolish said institution.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped that this inquiry would
not be denied. An impression had gone abroad,
that this institution was a nursery for the sons
of members of Congress, and the" rich. If this
impression was true, it ought to be abolished.
Its benefits were said to be extended to the fa-
vored few, to the exclusion of the sons of poor
soldiers and officers. He would not say that these
charges were true; but the suspicions which were,
in circulation demanded that a full inquiry into
the subject should be made.                                      j
Mr. HA WES remarked, that the rumors!
referred to by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. '
Clayton] demanded this inquiry. The minds of '
his constituents were made up on this subject, j
and he believed the constituents of other gentle- I
men felt a deep solicitude in relation to it. The Í
institution lias been held up as pure byits friends; Í
and he trusted that n  gentleman who had abused !
the Bank of the United States, because a full in- i
quiry was denied to a committee of this House, Í
would oppose the investigation proposed in the '
resolution.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the resolution   !
by striking out so much as related to abolishing i
the Academy; and also that the committee should I
consist of one member from each State.    He su"-
gested  that a select committee  composed of ^a
more limited number would bosufficient. and that
the clause in relation to the abolishment of the'in-
stitution was unnecessary, as, upon the report of
the committee, the House could take such steps
as the facts disclosed might render proper.
Mr. SPEIGHT was in favorof the amendment
so far as regarded the abolishment of the Acad-
emy. Heconsidcred thcinquirynecessnry.and, if
the rumors afloat were true, the institution should
be abolished. The committee would, however,
have it in their power to recommend such a meas-
ure, if the facts warranted it. He was in favor of
o large committee, and agreed with the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Hawes,] that those who
favored the investigation of the affairs of the Bank
of the United States ought not to oppose the con-
templated inquiry. It was true, the subject had
heretofore been referred' to the Committee on
Military Affairs; but complaint had been made,
that, in consequence of a majority of that commit-
tee being in favor of the West Point Academy, a
full investigation into its affairs had not taken
place. He considered the present a simple mat-
ter of inquiry, and he trusted all objection to its
adoption would be withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said, that the
Committee on Military Affairs, at the last session,
after a thorough investigation, had made a full
report on this subject, but, owing to the press of
business, he did not believe that ten members of
the House were either aware of this ftTct, or had
read the report. Pie was sorry at all times to
interpose any objection to motions made by his
colleague; but he was not in favor of abandoning
the usual practice of referring subjects which
appropriately belonged to the standing commit-
tees to select committees. As regarded the prop-
osition to raise a select committee, to consist of
so large a number, it was unusual; and in the
course of a long service in Congress he did not
recollect that such a course had been adopted on
more than one or two occasions. He had no
objection to a select committee of seven or nine
members. It had been suggested that a majority
of the Committee on Military Affairs were in
favor of this Academy. If so, they could be
instructed by the House. In relation to the
rumors which had been referred to, he knew
nothing of them, and regarded all rumors as the
idle wind. He was satisfied the fullest investi-
gation would result in nothing prejudicial to those
who conducted the Academy, and that the greater
the scrutiny into its affairs, it would be the more
approved by the American people.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that an inquiry might
as properly be made as to the propriety of abol-
ishing the Army. One was just as essential to
the military defense as the other. If, however,
rumors injurious to the institution were in cir-
culation, it was proper that they should be in-
quired into. If true, and abuses existed, they
should be corrected. If untrue, they should be
refuted. The Committee on Military Affairs
was the proper one to make this investigation.
That committee was technically and practically
better accjuainted with the subject. He doubted
whether the present rule for the admission of
persons into this Academy was a good one; and
if this was changed, it was pro-bable that all
objections \vould cease. He would vote for the
resolution in any shape; but viewing the Alilitary
Committee as the proper one to make the investi-
gation, he moved to amend the resolution by so
referring it.
Mr. BROWN hoped the amendment of the
gentleman from North  Carolina would prevail.
He was the friend of the Military Academy, and
he sincerely hoped that no one entertaining sim-
ilar sentiments would throw any obstacle in the
way of a full, free, and searching inquiry into its
utility, and the administration of its affairs.    A
select committee of one member from each State,
would look at the institution standing separatcand
alone, and unconnected with the Army, of which
it was most certainly a very essential part.     It
was, in fact, the foundation upon.which, in a great
measure, rested one system of public defense, and
it should be regarded and examined in connection
with the whole  subject.    It, therefore, prooeily
belonged  to the Committee on  Military Affairs,
which was raised by the rules of the House for
the express purpose of investigating all questions
of a military character.    He  should, therefore,
prefer to have the inquiry made by that committee.
I he Military Academy was a national institution,
and if there was any question or doubt in the
public mind as to the propriety of its future exist-
ence, the very best way to remove all such doubts
was to make public all the light and information
which can be obtained upon the subject.    He had
supposed that it had been fully investigated.  The
1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
li)
Military Committee, of w hich the honorable gen
tleman from Kentucky [Mi Johnso\] was chair-
man, had submitted at the last session a most able
and elaborate leport upon the natuie and character
of the institution at West Point, and he could
1 ardlv believe that any unpiejudiced mind could
rise ñ om the perusal of that report without a per-
fect conviction of the utility and necessity of a
militaiy school foi the instruction of our officers
in the elements of imhtaiy science If, however,
gentlemen desired a furthei investigation, and
another repoit, he hoped no ñ lend of the academy
would inteipose the slightest opposition
Mr H4lRD1N considered this institution as
essentially necessary to the military defense as
the aim is to the body Theie was no specific
chaige alleged against it, and unless that was the
case, he believed the proposed investigation un
called foi If there was any blame in regard to
the appointment of cadets, it íes ted with mtmbers
of Congress, as their recommendations foi then
particular States were generally confirmed by the
Executive Department He concluded by mov-
ing to lay the resolution and amendments on the
table
The question was then taken upon laying the
resolution on the table, and decidí d in the nega-
tive—yeas 19, nays 190   as follows
YEAS—Messrs Chilton Allan, Archer, Ash
ley, Samuel Clark, Evans, Edward Everett,
Goiliam, Heister, Jaivis, Richard M Johnson,
Love, Manning, Phillips, Vance, Vinton, Ward,
Wardwell, Whallon, and Wilde—19
NAYS—Messrs John Q.umcy Adams, John
Adams, William Allen, Hcnian Allen, Banks,
Barber, Barnitz, Barrmgei, Bates, Baylies, Beale,
Bean, Bcardsley, Beaty, Bcumont, Bell, Binney,
Blair, Bockee, Buggs, B own, Ball, Bunch,Buid,
Bums, Cage, Cambieleng, Campbell, Caimichael,
Car r, Cast y, Chambers, Chaney, Chilton, Chinn,
Claiborne, William Claik, Clay,Clayton, Clow
ney, Coffee, Connoi, Coiwin, Ciamer, Ciane,
Ciockett, Dailmgton, Amos Davis, Davenport,
Day, Debeiry, Diekson, Dickeison, Dickinson,
Dunlap, Horace Everett, Ewing, Terns, J? ill
more, To-ester, Tostel, B owler, Philo C Fullei,
William K Fullei, Fulton, Galbraith, Gamble,
Gholson, Gillet, Gilmer, Goi don, Graham, Gi ay
son, Giennell, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Thomas
H Hall, Halsey, Ilamci, Hannegan, Hard,
Haidin, Joseph M Haipei, James Harper, Har
rison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Hazeltme,
Heath, Hcndeison, Howell, Hubbard, Hun-
tington, Inge, Ebcnezer Jackson, Janes, Noa-
diah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson,
Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgore, King,
Kinnaid, Lane, Lansing, Lapoitc,Lay, Luke
Lea, Thomas Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln,
Loyal!, Lyon, Abijah Mann,*Joel K Mann,
Martmdalc, Marshall, Maidis, John Y Mison,
Moses Mason, McCarty, McComas, Mclntire, i
McKay, McKim,MeKmley, McLetie, McVcan, |
Milkr, Minei, Hcn-y Mitchell, RobeitMitchell, í
Mooie, Morgan Muhlenbcig, Murphy, Osgood,
Page.Pirks Parkei, Pitton, Pitteison, Dutec
J "Pcarce, Peyton, Pickens, Fiankim Picice
Pitison, Pmckney, Polk, Pope, Potts, Ramsay,
Reed, Renchei, Reynolds, Rjbeuson, Schcnck,
Schley, iugustmi. II Shepperd, fehinn, Sladt,
Sloane, Smith, bpanglei, boeight, Standifer,
Steele, Sutheiland, William Taylor, William P
Tayloi, Philemon Thomas, Thompson, Tomp
kins, Tiutiibull, Turner, luinll, Tweedy, Van
Hoiuen, Wag nei, VVatmough, Wayne, White,
Fiedeuck Whittlesey, Wnl ams, Wise, aid
Young-190
Mi II UVEb k lew but perlnpsone membei of
theCommittei on Militaiy Aff uis, (Mr Johnsov
of Kentucky,) and th re w ->s no man on eai th that
he would soonti ti ist He hid as much confidence
m the Milita y Committee as \\ y other committee
of the H rase but the sub]ect was on of so much
impoi'aiice, that he thought each State should
haveavnc rail If tht geiitl man fiom \t w
Yoilv,[\li BROW\,]mwhusi distiictthisms tu
tion is located, is so wells itished tint eveivdiing
is light, why is he si anxioi s agun ti lcici the
subject to the Committee on Militaiy Allans It
had be n supposed tint the i evolution pi oposed to
abolisn the tcad my 1 his, wat, a mistake It
ni i ly pioposed an niq in v into its management,
which might or might not eventuate m a lccom
mendition that it should be abolished One of
hib colleagues [Mi   H\edi\J «as adveise to the
resolution, because nothing specific was alleged
He would furnish him and the House a specific al-
legation     One of the nearielations of that gentle
man (who was wealthy) had been appointed a
cadet in this institution, to the exclusion of othei
woithy and indigent youths
Mr MANN, of New Yoik.was in favor of
the proposed inquiry At the same tune he
wished it extended a little further—to make it as
extensive as possible He had no doubt of the
maladministration in the West Point Academy
He understood it cost the Government some five
oi six thousand dollars to qualify a young man
for the Army He was in favor of the general
punciples of the institution, but was opposed to
its abuses But he wished this inquiry extended
to another branch of the service He wished to
offer an amendment abolishing the office of Com-
mander in-Chief of the Aimy
The SPLAKER* reminded the gentleman that
such an amendment was not now in ordei, there
being then pending an amendment to an amend
meat
Mr MANNiesumed He would propose Ins
amendment at the proper time He would, how-
evei, remark, that the pay, rations, &,e , of tne
Commander in-Chief of the Army, was undei
stood to be about §10,000 He was fuendlyto
this officer, but he was unwilling that he should
receive a compensation so disproportionate to
that of other officers, and which greatly exceeded
the salaries paid to the heads of Depaitments
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
he was indulging in a course of remarks not
then in order
Mr MANN continued In relation to the nn
mediate question befoie the House, he would, in
gtneial, piefei sending subjects to the appropii
ate standing committees As, howcvei, it had
been suggested that tne Militaiy Committee had
prejudged the case, he had no ob ection to a select
committee, but piefeired a smallei numbei than
proposed by the ougmal íesolution
Í Mi WARD was a membei o*" the Militaiy
I Committee which had investigated the s ibject at
I a foimer session If it was again to be inquired
into, he would prefer a select committee Theie
being no specific charges, the Militaiy Commit
tee would have no new ground of mq nry, and
they had already given to the subject the most
thoiough examination, and reported the lesult to
the House
The amendment of Mi Williams was then
disagieed to—yeas 76, nays 98
The question recurred on Mr Parker 's motion
to amend
A division  of the question being called for, it
was first put upon limiting the numbei  of the
select committee, which was lost—ayes 73, noes
j not counted
I     The lemaindei of the amendment, to stnke out
that pait of the inquiiy in íelation to the expedí
[ eney of abolishing the West Point Ae idemv, was
"lso negitived
!     Mr MA Vis, of New York, thenmoved to add
to the íesohition the follov ing amendment
I     "And that said committ e be also insti uct"d to
inquire into the expediency of "bolislnng the of   ,
fice of Majoi Geneial Commanding in Chief, and
apportioning moie equitably the pay, iations,anp
emoluments of the gi i eial offi eis of the \mvy
Mi SMITH said he was ei nelj n fivoi of
both the pi oposition contal led n the onginal
íesolution of the gentleman f om Kentucky, and
the pi oposition of th% amend til it olTeii d 1 y the
gentleman fiom New lot 1 Hewsspcis tied
tl at both subjects mei t the careful investigation
of this House But (said Mi S ) I am oppos d
to connecting them, as I b hi it t ley will but
embauass e tch othei, and p rhaps dt i at the in
tention of the piopascd nue-tigition n ltluion
to each It must b appanntto veiy s n 1 i iin,
that by connecting these sul j i is, th 1 ibois a 11
dilheulties m id i t to the nn ¿.tigatnn mi 1 be
possibh , if not pi oi ably , si mne'i me as d a
topieuitt ill un, i i >oit mule i ill oi if
at a'l at toi lat apuoltibi etefin t yaced
upon bv the Tloi si du hit tne pies nt si o t ses
sioi While, tneit i . I in ii f«oi of the
pioposition of tit g n h sun 1 om Aci \o k in
*mo of each of the pi "positions made foi ms
tigai on, and is much in nspect to the one as to
the oth i i am constiained to vot agimstjoin
in" .hem togethei     If the gentleman lrom ¡Ncv,
York will withdraw his amendment, and propose
his desired investigation in a distinct resolution,
I pledge him that my vote shall be given in its
suppoit As it is now presented, I trust it will
not be adopted
Mr WISE remarked, that under the Constitu-
tion, the President of the United States was the
" Commandei in Chief" He desned to kiow
whethei it was the object of the gentleman from
New Yoik to abolish the office of Piesident*
Mi M4.NN By no means The peison to
whom he alluded had assumed the pognomen of
" Commander in-Chief," and if the gentleman
from Viigmia would suggest amoie piopei term,
he would adopt it He was not in favoi of abol-
ishing the office of Piesident, although some gen-
tlemen might think it expedient
Mr WlbE suggested the term " General-in-
Chief," which was accepted as a modification,
when the amendment was rejected
The original resolution was then adopted by
the following vote
YEAS — Messis John Qouncy Adams, John
Adams, Hunan Al'en, William Allen, Archer,
Banks, Baiber, Bainngei, Bates, Baylies, Beale,
Bean, Beaidsley, Beaty, Beaumont, Bell, Blan ,
Bouldin,  Buggs,  Bi
Bull,  Bunch,   Burd,
Burns, Cambrtleng, C impbell,Carmichael, Cair,
C isey, Chambeis, Chaney, Chilton, Claiborne,
William Claik, Clay, Clay ton, Clowney, Coffee,
Connor, Coiwm, Crane, Crockett, Darlington,
Amos Davis, Davenport, Day, Debeiry, Dicker-
son, Dickinson, Dunlap, Evans, Horace Eveiett,
Evvmo-, Pillmoie, Poiestei, Foster, Fowler, Piulo
C Fullei, William K Fuller,Galbraith,Gamble-,
Gailand, Gholson, Gillet, Gilmer, Gordon, Gra-
ham, Grayson, Giennell, Joseph Hall, Hiland
Hall, ThomasH Hall,Hamei,Hannegan,Hard,
Joseph M Harpei, James Harpei, Harrison,
Hawk ns, Hawes, Heath, Henderson, Hiester,
Hubbard, Huntington, Inge, William Jackson,
Ebcnezer Jackson, Jant s, Noadiah Johnson, Caí e
Jonnson, Hemy Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kav-
anah, Kilgoie, King, Knnud, Lane, Lansing,
Lapoite, Lay , Luke Lea, I liornas Lee, Lewis,
Loyall,Lyon, Abijah Man i,JoelK Mann, Mai-
tiiidile,Maisheili,Maidis TohnY Mason, Moses
Mason, May, McCarty, McComas, Melfitue,
McKay , McKim, McKinlcv, McLene, McVean,
Millet, Mi hgan, Minei.Hemy Mitchell, Robert
Mitchell,Moore, Morgan,Muhlenberg,Mmphy,
Osgood, Pige, Parks, Patton, Patterson, Dutee
J "Peaice, Fiai klin Pierce, Peyton, Pickens,
Pieison, Pmckney, Polk, Popg, Ramsay, Reed,
Rencher, Reynolds, Robeitson, Schenek. Schley,
William B Shepaid, Augustine H Shepperd,
Shmn, Slade, Sloane, Smith, Spangler, Speight,
Standifei, Steele, Sutheiland, Will am Taylor,
William P Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Piumbull, Tuinei, Tunill,
Tweedy, Vanderpoe 1, Van Houlen, Wagener,
Wayne, White, Fiedencit Whittlesey, Williams,
Wise, and Young—181
NVYS—Messis Chilton Allan, Ashley, Bai-
mt?, Bockee, bamnel Claik, Ciamet, Diekson,
Ed vaid Eve at, lems, Halsey, Haidm, Hath-
away, Hi? lime, Howell Jaivis, Puchard M
Tohnson Lovi, Mainnig, Puk i, P.nllips,
Van e, Vi Hon, Waid, W-udvicll, Whallon, and
Wilde—27
VA\   or THE !• V\l
On motion of Mi   W VTMOUGH tne bill reg-
ulatn"- the piy of the Na\y of the united States
was mad   the speci il oi del of the day for to raor-
iuw we k
REORGAMZ^TICP, OF HIE TREASURY.
The SPE UsJTR hid be'oieUie House a letter
I horn tne Stnttaiy of the ÍVasuiy inclosing a
I íepoit, made in puiMi nice of a íesolut on of the
I He use a i s last ses->io i, m relation to thí íeoi-
!    an zition of the litwiiy Depaitmcnt
Mi   WViNL moved to iitei the íepoittoa
t er n n ttt   of nine, «li li w is a.ited to,
louino   the sime ¿end mal,fue thou-
sand evti    copies vveiL. oideitd to be punted
BVLAMCb  BUt THE CO\ ER^ÍME^ r.
The S^FVKER a'-o Hid  befdie t' e   House
t\> o commu lie iti ns fi mi t      11 st C< mp i oiler
of th    fieauiy,   outlining a l^t of bal uiees due
to t 10 Go    imntnt, w hich v en laid on the table
On motion ot Mi   BRIGGS, the House  then
adjoei ned
select
allJ.    on
20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
IN SENATE
Tuesday j December 9, 1834
A joint resolution wasieceived fiom the House
ofRepiescntaaves,by Mi Fra-> i>xiNr,thcii Ckrk,
for the appointment of Chaplains of diflerent de
nomination , to officiate during the session,
which,
On motion of Mr TRELINGHUYSEN, was
concuned in
Also a joint resolution for the appointment of
a Joint Libidiy Committee, which,
On motion of Mi ROBBINS, was concurred
in
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for the
committee on then pait, when it anpeaied that
Mi Robbies, Mi Poindexter, and Mi Bibb,
were chosen
BILLS   INTRODUCED.
Mi WEBSTER., in p usuaucc of not ce, and
on leave given yesteiday, intioduced a bill to
provide satisfaction foi ceitain Ameucan citizens
for spoliations on then commcice, prioi to Sep
tember 30, 1800
On motion of Mi W , the bill leccived its fust
reading, fo  the puipose of lcfcioncc to a select
commiucc
On balloting foi the committee, if appealed
that Mi "VVebsilk, Mr Ptlvtiss, Mi Pía s
row, Mi Shfiiet, and Mi Git'jvm, wcie
chosen
Mi KING, of Alabama, on 1< tie given, intro
duced a bill tor the lt'ict of Theodoie Bugl t
well, which was lead the fust time, and oideied
to a second leading
Mr TIPTON, on leivc given, introduced a
bill for the lelief of Colonel Gad Ilumphieys,
which was lead the fhst time, and oideied to a
second reading
Mr MOORE, in pmsuanee of notice, intro-
duced a bill for the lelief of Eli Robinson, which
was lead the first tune, and oideied to a second
leading
Mi T\LPR, in pmsuanee of notice given
yesterday, asked and obt imod leue to intioduec
a bill authoiirmg a fui ther issuing of scrip to
holdi is of mihtaiy bounty land wanánts which
was road the fust time, and oideied to a second
reading
Mi MOORE, in pmsuanee of notice, intio-
dueed i bill foi the lelief of Elijah Simmons.,
which was read the first time, uicl oideied to a
¡second icadins   •
Mi N UID YIN^n pursuant of notice , intio
duced a bill authoii/mg the piiiilnse of Boyd
Reilley 's patent app luitu* foi applying the mi s-
pirabli gisc to tin human body, to be used in
the Aimy and Navy ot the United State?, which
was ii «1 the fust time, uid oideied to a be ond
reading
NOTICES Or BILLS.
Mi TIPTON dso gave notice tint o 1 to moi
low he would ask leave to mtioeluoe a bill foi
the h In fot IIu im A   Hunti i, of Indiana
Mi KING, of Alibann, giv notice that on
tomonowlii would ash Kim to introduce a bill
to ¡novide foi th( bcttei oigani/ation ot the
United St it     distiiet oouit of Ala'mm i
Mi SILABEE g\\ notice tint on to monow
he would ask le ir to" intioduec i bill to r \ mpt
eeitun m lolmndis fiom tin opeiation of duties
linpised by tin tmrQ of 1628
Mi SOUriX IRD gu notiec that on to moi-
10W he w mid ask leave to mtioduce sevual bills
on navil subjicts, win h hil been ¡oponed at
the last s ssion
Mi J \L1 It ga e notice tint on to monow
lie would isk have to mtioduei a bill to onut
the duties on ¡ill locomotive steam engim s in-
tend d for íaihoids, and upon puts of such en-
gines ard win els foi nihoad ears, with then
iieeesoiuy ippmdigcs miiioitcJ, or which may
be oideied puoi to 4th ot Mai oh next
RESOLUTION 
Mr TIPTOE submitted the following lesolu-
tion
JleiohcJ, Tlit the Conmittce on Commcice
be msuueied to nvj uie into the expediency of
establishing i poitof eotiy at tac town of Laiay-
eite, on th   "VVabasn
Mi  SILSBEL presented a memorial playing
compensation for spoliations upon American
commerce pnor to 1800 which was lefened to
the select committee chosen on that subject
The following icsolution, submitted yesteiday
by Mr  Twpjg, was considt -cd and adopted
Resolved, That the Seeictaiy of Wai be di
íected to tiansrmt to the Senate a copy of i íy
communications leccived by him fiom the com
missioncrs appointed by the States of M tiyland,
Pennsylvanir, and Vngima, to íeceive poitions
of the Cumberland load lyiii" within the limits
of those States respectively, and to erecttoll gates
theieon, and if any money be nicessaiy to com-
plete the lcpaus of said loid agueably to the
icqiuietnents of laws of said St lies which have
leceived the assent of Congiess, and thathefui-
nisli an estimate of the amount Also, tint he
inform the Scnite w iat is the condition of the
misonry on that ¡old, and how many inches
of metal have been put on tint pait of it winch
lies been located anew, ind upon tint pait of it
which lies between the Monongahela and Ohio
iivcis, and al&o, what depth of metal is, in his
opinion, ncc ssxry to mike it a peimaneiit and
substantnl load, upon the pi m which has been
adopted, m its lepurs by the Dcpntment
Mi BENTON submitted the following lesolu
tion
Resohed, Tint the Secietuy of the Tr asm y
be dnccted to t ommumcate to th Senate any coi
lespondence with the Bank of th Tjmted States
on the subject of the biani h di ifrs, and dividends
withheld, not huitoloie eon mu netted Also,
to infoim th Senate whethei the Dncctois on
the pait of the Government have been lifused
access to the books and au omits oí the institu-
tion
Mi Ev ing's icsolution, lelative to the mi
piovemcnt ot the huboi ofthenvei R.aisni,sub
mitted ycsteiday, was also adopted
S\MUEL SMITH A1\D OTHTRS.
The bill foi the lehef of Sunuel Smith, and
other Indians, was uid i second time, and,
On motion of Mi  MOORE, it was icfencd to
the Committee on Public Lands
SCHOOL LA1SDS.
The bill authorizing the lolincuushment of the
sixteenth sections and gi anting othci lands m lieu
the ii of foi the us< of schools, Was lead the sec
ond tnni , and,
On motion of Ml MOORE, it was lefened to
tin   Coniuuttoi on Public L mils
SUSAN MARI OW
The bill foi the lelief of Susan Mallow was
lead the second time, and,
On motion of Mi MOORE, it was refened to
tin Commute! on Public Lands
EXECUTIVE   COMMUlMCATIOJN
The VIC Í PRESIDENT I ud bcfoio the Sen
ate ilettei fiom tli    ^ uitiiy of th    fieasiny,
with  a  statement lehtive to tin    Rink of the
United St lies and the deposit banks of the pist
ycai, wh c li,
On motion o( Mi &RUND"i , was oideied to
bepiiuttd, togethn with the accompanying doc
UlTll ins
The Senate th  n uhouiiied
HOUSE Or REPRESENT VTIVrS
T LbD ii, J)icn>£e7 9, 18 ¡1
P tition    tnd mcnionals weic piesented by—
Mcss.s   Ll?i( OLJN, ADAMS, and JACK
SON, of Massvelmsctts
Mi   WARD, of Ncu Yoik
Messis  BAINKS, MUHLLJNBERG, KURD,
and KING, of Pennsylvania,
Messis   ARf PIER, LOLLDLN, GORDON,
and CLAIBORNE, of Vi g n i,
Mr GL4.1XON, of & oigia,
Messis  POPE, JOHNSON, and ALLAN, of
Kentucky,
[Mi   Porr presented the petition of the admm
isti ii uso* Líente i ant LI'iott     Also, the pi lition
of the   h u   of Lieu cnaiii. Towncs     Also,  the
petition of tin hens of Samuel Smth.—allpr ymg
foi commutitioii pay   which wire ufened ]
Messis  BLAIR inqDIjNLAP, of Tennessee
Mi  CRA^E, of Ohio,                                         .
Mr GARLAND, of Lou'siana,                          |
Mi   MARDIS, of Ahbami
Mi   ASHLEY, of Missou i
Mi   SEVILR  of AikansisTimtoiv
Tin sud petitions ucie scvei illy lefened to the
appropnate coram ttees
On motion of Mi TOHASON, of Ki miokj ,
fiom the Committee on Militny Afi lis, even!
bills em ir umg fiom said committee weie oidei d
to be punted
Mi   CHILTON lose and said, it would beicc
ollected that, at thelaso session, a resolution h id
been adopted, on his motion, aftei a piotiacted
discussion, ducting   n inquny into tnc pi op i
ety of compensating the it mnant of that 1 uid of
revolution uy patnots who weic engaged in pio
tectmg the fiontieis fiom tne   \eai 178- to the
tuaty of Gieenville, m 1795     The eomm ttec,
undci the icsolution, had   eported a bill which
leniuned unacted upon     Ilispicsent objectwas
to move th-t the Committee of tl e Whole bi d s
chaiged liom the fm'liei conside íation of the hi 1
lefened to, a id that it be committi d to tlie Com
niittee of tl e Whole on the stite of theUmoi    If
thes   vene lated v/oi thu s w e le to iceeivc anything
foi then serv ices uid  toils, and if then  hist mo
ments wcie to be soothed by any substanti il token
of th ir eoinitiv's gratitude, speedy action w is
nccessuv   to efl ct so dcsnable   m  olject     He
xccoidin_cly nade the motion indicatid
Mi   V, APDWELL moved to  imei d the mo
tion b} adding to it th   bill extending the pious
ions of the let supple vientan to the act iraki ig
appiopmtions foi t le íel ef of the survivug of5-
ceis mil sold icis of the Ilcvilutioi
M CIIILlO^ iceepted the ame idmcnt is a
midificition of his motion and thus amended,
the motion pie v uled— J cas fe], nays 74-
E.LPOK1  OiN THrriNANCES.
On motion of Mi POLK, the leports of the
Sceietary of the IVasuiy on the state of the
finances, and the estimated appiooiiationsneces
sary foi the ycai 1^35, were refened to the Com
mittec of Ways and Means
On motion of Mi CROCKETT, the bill to
amend an act entitled "An act authoiizmg the
State of Tennessee to issue giants and peifeet
titles toceitain land theiein descnl ed, an 1 to
settle the claims to the vacant and un ippiopinted
land within the same," passed 18th Ipnl, 18ÜÍ,,
w is made the special oidei of the d^xy foi to-moi-
iow week
RESOITJTIOIVS
On motion of Mi JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Pesoheil, Th it the Committee on Public La ids
be mstiucted to impure into the expediency of
making a fin tin i ftppi opriation to setisfy Vienna
mihtaiy land wanants
On motion of Mi   BE ATY, it was
Resohed,  That the Committee on RoieK and
Canals be mstiucted to uiqmie into th   expedí
ency of miking  ifui'hci aipopu  tion to con-
tinue the impiovoment of the navigation of the
Cumbeiland uvei
On motion of Mi THOMAS, of Louisiana, it
w is
Resol ett, That the Committee on Commerce
be, and is heieby, instinctcd to mquiii, i lto the
exjicdieiicy of est ibhs'ung a lighthouse at the
piss between Lake Pontcham i n and Lake M ai-
re pas
On motion of M JOIINSON,-oi Lon.sia 11, it
was
Resohed, That the Committee on Cimiucict
he insiueted to inqune into the exped enoy of
mal nig an appiopiiation to icniove the obstruc
tions to the navigation of vesse s ovu the b u it
the mouth ot the Mississippinvu , and to deepen
the hdi nor at th it place
On motion of Mr  GARLAND, it was
M'sohed That the ■Committee on Public Lai ds
be nsliucted to inqune into the expediency of
maku g an ippiopi ation of luid or money, foi
tnepuipose of making levees on the public lands
on the western banks of the Mississippi i ver,
f om the noithern boundary of the btate of Li u-
isiana as low down ds the giand levee of Point
Cejppee, dnd on the southern bank of Red uiei,
from the mouth thereof, as far up as may be
necessaiyto protect the eountiy fiom the inun-
dations of that nver
1S34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
t=
On motion of Mi  HA?v>,EGAN, it was           I
Resolved,   rhatthtCm mittt e onCommeic  be  I
instruotrd to n qiini into the expediency of estab   ¡|
1 slung a poit of en ly el tno trail of Lafayette,
or snni otner sautiblo point above the lapids, on
the nvei "VV \! ash
On notion of Mr  C\RR, ltwas
R 'o'teef,   I hat aU tin   pap rs and  doc iments ,
hei   tofoie leieiretl to the Co nmittee of Claims, |
0 i th subject of making piovie,i>n byliwtorthc
payn cut of piopciiy lost bv individuáis in the [
~ippecuno campa gn m the yeai 1811 Also,
foi the piymcntol prooerty lost by the langeis
of Indi m i, I h i jis and Missomi, 11 t le lite wai
with Great Butpin, and the s x companies of
mount'd mgois, otgitiizcd in the veti l^áí, for
the piotcetion of the noithwcstem fiontiei, be
again refeued to th C mi n ttee of Claims, and
that said (ommittee be mstiucted to lepoit by
bill, oi othci\ isc
On n otion of Mr  EWING, it was
Resol erf,  lint the Conmutce on Canals and [
1  item il Impiovomen s be i isauctcd to inqune
into the expediency, iii stilet accoid ince with the
p )hcy hoi onio pui^ued, of maki ig an appio
puat o i to improve the navigation ot the Wabash ^
n\ei, fiom its junction with the oana!, a few
mil  s nor h of fippeoanot , to i s junotion with
tne Ohio nvei                                                                ,
Oi  motion of Mi   Mo'vINLEY, it was              i
Revolted,   That the  f ommilt e on  Roids and
Can Is nqum into the expediency of autnonzing
the State of  \1 ibama to levy and collect tolls on
the   navigatioi  of the  canal   now  constituting
loui d the Muscle Shoal- , to be applitd to keep
nig the can il miopia attending to the looks, and
olieotmg the tolls   md the suiplus, it any, to be
appu d in aid ot the completion o! the canal
O i motion of Mi   M iRDIS, it w as
Tle*oh"d, That t le Committee o i the Tudiciary
bciiistiuotod to inquire into the expediency of
establishing, m the beat'   of   11 ibama  a  thud
d stnet of t io Ui ited S ates  1 edei il court, to be
hold in the town ot Tuse iloosa, to consist of the
counties of Fayette, Walkei, Pickens, Sumptei, [
Gieen, Per y, luscaloosa   Bibb, Shelby, Jcffer- '
son, St  Clan, P>uiton,Tilladcgi, Chaiiibeit>,and ,
Randolph                                                              '
On motion of Mi   ASHLEY, it wis                  |
Resolved, That the Commit'ee of Claims be I
instiucted to inqune into the expediency of hqui- |
dating the claim of Messis Thompson &- Ross |
ioi supplies fun ished the tioops of the United ,
States duimg tne summei of 1832
On motion of Mi   SEVIER, it was                    ]
Retailed,Thu the  Committee of   Ways and
"Means be listructed  to inqune into the expedí
ency ot making a furthci  appiopiution to ion
plcec the  impio\cment of the naviguion of tne
AiKansas nvei
Hie following >esolu ion, ofeied bj Mi   T\r
vis, v as oid ii d to he on the table toi  me dav
Resohed,  Tint  the  Piesident  of   the United   ,
States be lecpusted to communicate to this House   '
anv mfoimaiioii ho may poss ^s lespectmg the
binning of the building occupied by the Tieasuiy
Dep ntment m tne veai lbSJ
On motion of Mi   SMITH, it was                       I
Oideicd, That the CimmiUecon Commeice be   I
mstiucted ti inqi no into the   expediency of an
appiopiution foi the nnprovem nt of the haihoi
at Poitland, in Mime, by the election of a bleak
watei, puistnnt ti the lecommend ition and sui
vcy ot Colo    1----------Andeison, of the engineei
coips, m  1832                                                              I
On motion of Mi HUBBARJ3, it was
Resohed, rh it th Committee on R^volubonai y
Pensions b nisti loud toinquue inn theexpedi
en< y of anondi'g th act of Congiess, ippiovcd
leuiuuy 19, 1\33, in addition to the actfoi the
lelici ol eei un suiviung offi oís i id = idler  ot
the Revoluti' n, pns d Tune 7, 1^32, so tint all
pets ms < ntitle J to pcnsiuis foi any disabilities
in uiitdlit'l wuofthi Ueu'n ill, sha ' „v"
the right to el vim md le iv the 5am" m addi
tun to my pension m annuity to which theymay
be entitl el undei my act of Congiess for ,evolu
tionai y si i \ ces
O i moti > i of Mi  Pj A.R' f , of Rhode Island,
it w i^
hisoti   /    i itt th" pet t 011!=     e ol t ijiis, anl
documents presented and submitted to th.s House
at the last session, piaymg foi, and lelating to,
the erection of cenain imiinc hospitals at places
in said petitions and resolutions named, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, be again
íeferred to the same committee
On motion of Mr  "VV HALLON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inqune into tne expediency of
making an appiopuation foi building two light-
houses—the one on  Split Rock Point, and the
othei on Cumbeiland Head, Lake Champlain
On motion of Mi   MORG \jN , it was
Resohed,  That the Committee ol Commeice
inquire into the expediency of obliging all mei
o In nt ships, or vessels of the United States, ovei
the buiden of two hundied tons, bound south of
the equator,*tó have on boaid, as pait of their
ciew, two appientices, at least,  is a means of
benefiting the naval and commercial int íests of
the United States
On motion of Mi   ADAMS, of New Yoik, it
was
Resolved, That the Coning ttee on Invalid Pen
sions inqune into the expediency of gianting a
pansion to Lambert P  Van Valkenbuigh, of the
town of Lexington, county of Gieen, and State
of New Yoik
On motion of Mi   MA1NN, of New Yoik, it
was
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Af-
fans be instructed to mqunc "nd icpoit upon
the expediency of abohshi ig the office of Major
Gcneial Commanding m Chief, anel of pioviding
foi a fixed allowance and foi a leduction and
moie equitable disttibution of the pay, rations,
md emoluments of the gcneial and staft officers
of the Ai my
On motion of Mi FILLMORE, it was
Res-ohed, That the Committee on Commerce
be mstiucted to inqune into the expediency of
establishing a marine hospital at the city of Buf
falo, New Yoik
On motion of Mi HEji DERSON, it was
Resohed,, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the picsent mail route
fiom Bellefonte to Mill Hall, (Centre county,)
to the town of Salina, a distance of three miles
further
On motion of Mr  CHAMBERS, it was
Resolved, That it be íeferied  to the Judiciary
Committee to considci the expediency of report-
ing a bill limiting the liability of the suieties of
deceased, removed, oi resigned public officeisof
the United States
On motion of Mi   MILLER, it was
Re°olved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be mstiucted to inqune into the pro
pnety of gi mting a pension to Andiew Lawshe,
o  Peny county, Pennsvlvama, agieeably to the
teimsot the act of Congiess
On motion of Mr McKIM, it vv as
Resohed, Thit so much of the íepoitof the
Secittuy of Wai as i Htes to the joint lesolu
tion of Congiess passed at the last session, ana
prov ldmgfoi theconstiuctionofaiaihoad thiough
the public giounds at Helper's Feriy bo tefeired
to tne Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs
On motion of Mi DA VEIN PORT, it was
Resohed, That the petition and papeisof Tohn
W Godfu y, deceased, late of the State of Vir
gima, now on the files ot this House which have,
at pievious sessions ot C mgiess, been i feired
to the Comm ttee on Rovolutiomiy Cbinis, aid
not fin illy acted or, be again lefeiied to that
Committee
On motion of Mi  M VSO^   of Virginia, it was
Resohed, lint the Committee on Comm uebe
instinct d   to    mmuic   i iti   lie     xpedieuev   of
taking an   ippiopu ition to t  e ct i hospital  at
City Point, in Vngin a,   o   th" leeeption of sick
seamen
On motion of Mi M YSO\ , of Vir°-mi\,it was
Reiol (I, That the i essag of th Piesidentof
the United Sutes on th subject of a piesent
leceued b\ tb co rail ol the L lited States at
Tm<nn,freVm tin Enpe oi of Mot -> eo, made to
this House at the list session o<" Congiess, be
leeommiUe d to tne Con nittce on roieign ifiaiis,
wnh n stru Lous toiepoita b lldirtttn g the sale
of the lion and horses presented, and such ap-
plication of the proceeds of such sale as shall be
deemed most appiopiiate Also, to inquire into
the expedier cy of making disposition of such
other presents as have been made to officeis of
! the Government, and deposited in the Secretary
I of State's office, as being presented contrary to
the Constitution
I     On motion of Mr SPEIGHT, it was
|     Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
t be instructed  to inquire into the expediency of
I making an appropriation for the building of a "
light-boat, to  be stationed at  or  near  Haibor
| Island Bai, m the State of North Carolina
|     On motion of Mr  WILLIAMS, it was
.     Resolved, That the Committee on  Revolution-
aiy Pension'? be instructed to íncraire into the
j expediency of pioviding by law for the payment
to the militia of the same pensions that are paid
to the soldieis and officeis of the regular Aimy
I     On motion of Mi   GRAYSON, it was
I     Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to mquue into  the expediency of
making   an   appropriation   foi   erecting   light-
| houses, and placing buoys at the entrance of the
inlets of St Helena andPoi^Royal, on the coast
of South Carolina                                                  *
I     On motion of Mr HUBBARD, it was
Resohed, That a committee be appointed on
the part of this House, to ]om such committee
as may be appointed on the pait of the Senate,
I to consider anel icpoit the ariangements neces-
saiy to bo adopted, in ordei to cany into effect
the last lesolution reported on the 24th of June,
1834, by the joint committee appointed at the last
session of Congiess, on the occasion of the death
I of Geneial Lafayette
I                     RESOLUTIONS ADOPTFD.
i     The lesolution moved by Mi   Bbaty yester-
' day wis read, considered, and agiecd to
On motion of Mi WISE, the Committee of
I the Whole was discharged fiom the further con-
sideration of a bill to cany into effect a resolu-
tion of 1781 foi the erection of a m irble column
at Yoik, in Vngima and it was made the special
ordei foi Wednesday.
THOMAS H    SMITH AiSD SON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
fiom the Secretaiy of the Tieasury, m the case
of Thomas II Smith & Son, which, on motion
of Mi McKim, was íeferied to the Committee
of Ways and Means
president's anjsual message.
On motion of Mi CONNOR, the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mi Speight m the
chaii,) on the message of the President of the
United States
Mi CONNOR submitted the following reso-
lutions
Res-ohed, That so much of the President's mes-
sage as le lates to the political íelations of the
United States with ot! er nations be íeferied to
the Committee on Foreign Affaiis
Resohed, I hat so much of the said message as
íelates to the commeice of the United States with
foieign nations be refeued to the Committee on
Coumicicc
Resohed, That so much of said message as
lelatcs to the finances, and to the Bank of the
United Stite<¡ be lefeiied to the Committee of
Wivs md Means
Resohed, That so much of said message as
rehtes to the icpoit of the Secietary of War,
and the public intciests intiuste-1 to the War
Denaiimont, be ltfened to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs
Risohed, Tint so much of said message as
lehtes to the I ldi n tubes be íeferred to the
Commi t e on Incum AfHiis
Resohed, Tha' bO much of said message as íe-
latos to the " existe nee of extensive fiauds under
the vinous l ws gi entino- pensions and gratuities
foi lovo'utnnaiv senici s, and the reexamination
of tho^e laws, be lefeiied to the Committee on
Revolution ti v Ptnsiojis
Resohed, II u so much of sa'd message asie-
1 ites to the repoit of the Seeietaiy of the JNavy
and the nav il somce be íefened to the Commit-
tee on IN aval Afla is
22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Resolved, That so much of said message a? íe
lates to the Post Office Dtpaitmrnt be refeiied
to the Committee on the Post Offiee and Post
Roads
Etsohed, Th it so much of said message as ic
1 tes to the ofensión of the judiciaiy system of
the United States be refeiied to the Committee
on the Judi^iuy
Resolud   1 hat so mu"h of said message as i e
lates to the amendment of the Constitution, in
relat or to thecleetion of President and Vice Pit &
ldent of the United Statts, be lefened to a ¡select
comm ttce
RewUed, That so much of said message a" ic
lites to the destiuction of the building oci upied
by the TicasuiyDe paitment, and to the i leetion |
of i m w building foi the use of the lie ism y Do
pirtment, be lefen d  to the .select committee on |
flie public buildings
Resolved, That tl e said select committees hue .
leave to íepoit oy bill 01 otheiwis
The resolution haung be ni  id, Mi   CLA'V
TON pioposcd an amendment, in the fullown g i
tei ms                                                                              i
"That so much of the Picsitlont't, message as
lelates to the treaty with Pi met, concluded   it
P^ins on the 4th d ty of Tuly   1S3]   h   it ft liedlo,
the. Committed o i I 01 ign iff-ms, with mstmc
lions to íepoit that it is expod ent to aw tit the
furthei action of the Fieneh  (    unbeis  on the
question submitted to them, of gia itmg the ap   j
piopuations necesstiy to cany the  tieaty into
effect, inasmuch as the delay of consummat ng
its teínas seems to have pioeeedcd moie fiom the
delicate and impoitant chaiactcr of the claims
jesting on  voluminous  doeumcntaiy  evidence,
their long stindmg, and the pecuhai complexity
of the punciples involved  in thdi  adjustment,
than fiom any design, on then pait, to lrnpau the
fi lendly relations which h ive so long and hanpilv,
subsisted between the Tiench and Amcncan Gov   I
mímente, or any desne to evade the peifoimanee I
of ample  justice whin the whole mattei  shall
have bien lullv and fairly consuleied "
Mr CLAY PON ,jn supporting the amendment
he had offeied, pioce eded to say th it he eon jid-
eied the question involved in the íosolution   is
perhaps one of the most impoitant winch would
comebefore tin House dm mg thopn s ntsossion,
and howishiditto be fully undiistood tint, in
tlu fcwitmaikshc should odci, his pvupose was
to avoid ever} thing in the i emote st degiee con
nected with puty lei ling    Hotmsttd he should
be the list man to bung toiwaid anything todis
tuib the haimoiiy of tin House      lhe Pie sich nt,
in submitting that poitiou of his message winch
re ¡ate d t > the subjt ct, had, he eh ubtod not, d in
th it which h    honestly be hi ved to b   e\pi dient
and piopei     He had nothing to ctnstiic in th
pioceedings, noi wis it his des_ji to cast  my
blame upon any one      The cpie stion, hovvi ve i, m
ill its weight uid solemn k sponsibihty, vi is bv
the message  submitted to the tonsieh i ition and
•decision of the legislative bidiieh of the Govein
ment      Pile body vv horn he aeldiesscd weie ic
sponsible foi all the consequent is iltenduit upon
then dee lsion    uid wlien the e xte nt of those    on
¡sequence    wis taken into view, it wis t ee nsiel
e íation which o nilel not but    tule the mind of
oveiy individual in a mostfoieibl   niinnei     The
people of the Lmiul  Stat s weie   now looking
intently to tlu  le0islaUvc body foi whit was ti
ensue
Ite otild not be disguised that the lee enmienda
tion  in  tin   message   mio mt d, piacticilly, to
nothing moie   01 1 ss th in i de luilion of tur
agunst I ni re      I h it w i   tin mo nmend ition
'ind lie ti usted th it gentleme n v otiid not sul ti
thomscH  ¡s to be decriv d li to any   l' ii new of
it     Let cveiy    entlemm ask himself v hethei,
should th it 1 t don   which the Pi  sidcnt uhiscs,
wai   mist not b    tin 1 itiu il and ineviinble on
sequ net      il   vv is i   idv to admit tint Hie time
might con  , iny, that  t might, peihaps   be not
distant, vvh n wii  would be necessaiy, but he
conclud el t'i  t tl     time was not yet cone     In
the mcssito , the   House was piestnted with  in
alternative         If,     siys the   Picsidcn ,  m his
message, ' e. s i 11 be the jileasmc of Congiess
* toav/ait the fitithei ictiorrof the Flench Ch un
' beis, no fiuthei eonsidci ition of the sul j ct will,
'a' this stssicn, pioba1 ly bo nquned it your
' hi nds ' But if í'u= coi rse sho lid n it app ai to
Congi is pn, ci to  be  adapted   then the Pies
dent subn its the only othei which, in his opm
ion, remained    " I íecommend," says he, " that
'a   law   be passed,   authonzin°   recusals upon
' Fieneh piopeity, in case provision shalt not be
'mad  forthepaymcntofthedibtatthe ip iroach
' mg session of the Fiencli Chamb   s"   Mi   C
said   he would hire appeal to the c   ulor of tl e
House to say , whethe' they believed that rcsoit
mg to a measure ot this chaiactei vvoulu not im
mediately plicc the United State sin hos  1   re la
tions with one oi the pioudest, mosth g i spiuted,
i most wailike, and  most vvcilthy, poweiful, and
I inundable n itions of the vv >ild '     Let no gen
jtlemin   deceive   hims If     The    momen   such a
lncasino should bo  s mctioned by  the legislative
authoutv , ill piospeet of a friendly teunm ition
of oui dis iu o with Fi mc   vd<- at m end
It   mghr,  peihaps, le   sid,  fh*t, befcic the
j House eimi to i decision of anyiuii!,th y ought
' to i'low themsehes   im[ 'e tmi ,  is possibly the
I Wiiole matte r might h tve been d eide d beioie the
I nessige shou'd   tiehliance      But he would ask
'vhethci,   should   that  bo   the   case, gcntlimtn
i would wish to pi ce tint nation in cu h a condi
j tion as they woii'd*then oceu ly      Shoul 1   the
House, on the coi tiaiy ad ipt the insti ue tions he
| 'nd ha 1 the honoi to piopose, would it notgo fu
I ti show to the rieich people, uid th   i Goveii
I ment, thai thci    existed in the Am liean nat on
I in mil ind, no hostile feeling towaiusotn aneiti t
bunds uid ilhesJ    A.U that seme of mutu 1 moi
tifie i ion would  be spued, wn ch must be  the
inevitible i  sub. of having n edlessly threaten el
those wh-o weie, without i thieat, disposed to el i
us i ght      But suppt sing that the question should
«ri have been „etll d, indthem ss ige contlining
the langit tge he had  leul  should amve on tie
other side of the vvatei, what would be the eilect
upon the Fit nch Ch imbeis '
Had gentlemen lead the debates in that body
on the subject of oui tieaty > Had the) se e nvvh it
i high minded, pioudr, lofty spmt pe naded and
animate el the speeches of the hn nch oiatois, so
exactly elm ictt listie of that moietit and chival
rous people > Did any man bi heve tint, if such
langti ige was held when n> thieat h d been
uttcied, those men won d be disposed to yield oui
clum afte i the tine it hid been he aid ! If the
Clumbers hesitated now, fiOTi then view ot the
chu it tei of oui de mnd el el any in nbehev tint,
aft i tin message ol tin Pie sieltnt of th Lnited
States had inched them, they would be moi"
dispose tl to yield us oui n mts; Mi C ud 1 e
miBlit show, fiom motile i poi tion of the mess ige
itself, whit might bi txpe e ed to be the tempn
and fee hn s of lhe I leneh pcoplt m su Ji encum
stine s Ilit Pi sul i ,sp akni0of th conduct
of lhe buik, ol senes
'Jo the n <|1 ss disdess biought on the
' eo nitiy tluiiii^ the 11st session of C >n«*i< ss, has
'since be ell uhletl tilt opcnsciziue of the dividends
on the public toek, to t! e amount of one h 11
'eh el mil si venty llio i ind and foity me dolíais,
'lindel pie te use of pav mg damage « cost, and m
' teitst,upon lhe pie teste el 1 íene b bill Ills urn
' t onstitutecl i pel tion ef the estim ited revenues
' foi the yeai 1834,upon wlue h the ippropnations
' made by Can^icss were based It would is soon
'have b en e^xpe t d that oeu eollectois would
's 70 on th customs, oi the lccc ivers of oui land
' oiti s on the moneys aiising fi mi the s lie of
'public lands, undci pietensesof claims agnnst
' the U nttd States ns tl at the Bulk Vvould have
'ntain d tin dividends Indeed, if the puna] lo
' be estiblished, that any one who chooses miy
' s"t up i tlaim agan st the United State s, may,
'v ithout uithonty it law, si 170 on the publie
' pi op lty 01 money, wheievei he em find it to
' j i) the c t in, tin 1 e will ion tin no assiu nee
that em 1 icvcnuc will iea h tne Pioisa v , 01 th t
' it will be ipplitd if ei the aj pi op mti 111 to th
' puipost s design it tl 111 the law I he paym isteia
' ot on Aimy, mil the puis is of oui Aavy,
miv, undei like pietensos, apply to th 11 oivn
I 'use moneys apmopuited tj set in motion th
I ' publ e fence, and in time of wai leave the conn
' tiy v ithout defense II is me isiue resoittd to
' by th bank is disoig mzmg and levolutiomry,
' and, if gtneiahy 1 soited to bj pi vate citizen
' inh to eases, w ould fill the land with ami ch) and
' violence "                                                                  .
Hcie w is a pjiallel ease If such an act as
that of the B a ik, 111 the cae 1 fcrnd to was felt
by the Pnsid   Vol      nvolationai) ,"an I <ull '
of "violence " what effect would the 1 mgeiage he
¡held on the subject of lepnsils be expected to
exert 1*1 Tmnee' A proposition, while they weie
st 11 tl hbeiating o 1 0 ir clams to take leelies
into on own In ids, and seize "totKo upon the 11
ships upon the high seas' Asmen f It, so nations
would fee1 and what was tine of the o íe vv ould,
|l to a gioa' extent, b   true of the othei
Gent'en 111 shou'd  not eonsidci   this question
like t'nt between Fiance and Poitugal      Poitugal
was a sma'l nation, in a sttte of po'itical distiac
tion, intl ultoily unab'e to icsist the demand made
upon her,01 toaicn_,oaggrossionsoiiiici p operty
¡I Fiance was 1 vciy diffcient thing     She was not
I  to be cimpelled, is Spain hid been, to outline,
j  witl out 1 sendng it, the language   1 eld to 1   1,
when tin gentleman who now piesided ovci  the
Dcpi-tmon  of S atr was 0111 Mimst i 111 11 tint
Powei    Veiy difeient cons quinces must ei sue,
should I tn^ingc of a smii u (enoi   bo iddiissed
'   toher     R pus lis were , in effect, acts of hostility
so soon is tley should be authou¿cd on em paii
by Congiess, Fiance would instantly ictihite,
andoidei npnsals by hei citi-ons   ind what must
be the  conseqiie ne e       Who did not see that the
I cult must be wai5   Now, he cud not believe tint,
is yet, we had jus ifivble cause of wai with tl e
I Flench Bition      He  irgucd this question, and
111 te ndtd to ugue it, as if theiccoramcndation of
] the Piesidcnt vías aiecommendalion of war     He
j tins ed gentlemen  vould not so fai deceive them
selves as ti v le w it  11 cniy othei hgl t     Indeed,
it w is veiy plini that the Seciotaiy of the Ii   is-
II  y, in hn ícpotl, ^cemod to 'ook towaids such
I an event    The Piesidentdid the same      TheSee
let 11 y siys
'     " It is not now possible to foresee the con 111
'geneies that may cl tck cithei the picscnt Higo
' impoitations of mcichandise 01  laig^ salts of
'land, and consequently 1 educe the íevcnue de
' mlcl fiom them   01 thatmav lequlre an increase
'in oui Aimyoi Navy .expenditures, ansmgfiom
' those unfoi tunato collisions to which all nations
'are liable tint feel disposed to sust un the faith
' of tieatits, vindicate their public light , and pio
'lect,   cfticiently, their commeice   and   citizens
'No fuithei leduetion of the tanfi, until that il-
'icady piovideel foi   it the close of the ensuing
'yen, v ould, theiefoit, seem to be piudent "
In fiet, the Piesident and his Mimstei had
done, as it became i judicious Govern ment todo—
the y had mticipatcd a possil le state of war, and
had provided igainst it That such must bo the
natui il conseCjiii nee of the mensuic the Pn side nt
hid lecommendtJ, ho believed no candid man
would foi a moment deny
Mi C said he had no hesitation 111 dcclaiing
his belief, that our claims on the Fieneh Govein
niontweieperfectly fair mdjust He believed that
we had not askeel a cent moie than wis justly
j, due to us that we ought to have the money and
tint, should oui demand be de fin te y postponed,
the uj iid wauld present ;wsf ctuv of ua¡ But it
h id not been d finitely lefused W oevci w ould
take the puns to i"ad the Fieneh debate s, would
I find tint the membeis of the Fieneh Chimbéis
insisted on no othei pn leiple t mi we ouisehts
1 dit! The 1 icneh Constitution dielaicd tint tlie
Ch mbeis mi st act upon evciy gi mt of money
" icqunc 1 to fulfill the stipulations af a tieaty , and
I the 1 "pc alters stood 1 pon thi co is ltutioml light
[H re Mi C q mted copiously fiom tin speeches
untie m the Fie nch Chamboi of Deputies ]
|! jNow, if th mattei debated thoie vv is mtinly,
I 01 m pait, 1 constitution il rmest on ought we to
piocted to hasty and iash 111 isuies bee tuse they
cunt to a difícil ntconclus on fiom th it which wo
mnlit think th" light one' Un question wis
to tins diyund Cided 111 our own Groveinment
Theie weio unong U", and imong them, two
opn 101 s as to th oobg ition of C nglt ss (o make
1} piopuitions if moneyleffuhill th stipulatioin
of a tintv lhe prevailing opinion wis 'hat
Congiess were not bound, but ltmained fice, to
d libélate and to decid m view of cireumsta ices
\sai ¡lustration of this v en itto be held othei-
wise, how might the tanff question be at any
time unsettled by the st pulations of oui foieign
ntgotiatois5 Should such a principle as this once
be s mctioned, what consequence must follow^
Theie would be ai end to the povvci of Congiess
ovei the appiopuation of public money And,
1 olduig such views oui selves ought we to com
plain if similai opinions were nuliitamed 111 the
1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2k
IVc nch legis1 vti>c h vl'sr TI o matter was not ¡ et
filly sott'td, ""tlitr hoic 01 the.e Shou'd tie
dceiiion of thi, Cnimbcis bo that they could lot
.ipp opi " c money toi the tieaty, we shou'd then
11 i fir. d Lick to the 5101m Is of our 0112:1 al
í i vim befóte any tie Uy 1 xisted nd tlien Gon-
dii ss, t'ius ..decide w he thei 01 not ti cy w ould goto
Mci to 00 >id 1 thr piyment of claims which had
b ( 1 ;e ft to 11 go lat1i 1 foi fo iy five yeais
The questto 1, ¡niwid,1 as suli undecitled
and, in tic m mvbhilt, ai1 the 1 11 lencc of the
Ciown and of the Cabinet «as excited in 0111
bchxlf t was al1 uiged 111 <avoi of the fulfillment
ot tin. teims of the tn Uy U der such uicum-
stinces would u (he diked) be w se to go town ?
The in i nart of the 1 icssage w s \va Genii"
11 en must be blind not to sec ihrt Fnmt vouid
so icecive it it she was iou the sin c ] 10.1U and
high 01 d nation which tin lustoiy of Europe
3 id so iullv < v ineod 1 ei to 00 j'l thoughts of
mineable ik gotiatson, 13 del sue h i menace, tn 1st
be at an 1 11 1 Theit weie sum things in tiie
spurhes of the Ot Duties \< Inch wue cilculatcd
to staitle our pndt lhey ie<crred to the d lys
of then lcvol ition uy stiuggle and of ouis, and
rdveitcd to the gient suffi 111123 of botl nations
ij the ciu'-v. of fiee piinciples especially in tne
mamtendiice of that punciple soimpoitant in oui
e tiniation, that fiee ships madt fice goods—th it
tin  ili*i coveted the caigo
[Hue Mi   C   again cpio'cd  fio i the  Fie íJh
d' bates ]             ,
Thiougho it these speeches, Mi C found no
]aoguii,c 01 fe ling of disrespect tow it ds 0111 Gov-
ciniridit And lit it be lemembeic d, that the
subjectwas one olgieatimpoitanceto th  fieneh
Govei mitt t Let it be mm mbeii d that at the
closeot thatgieitievolutionin thcirafairs, which
lcsulttd 111 th exiling of Bonapai ie to Elba, and
the letting in all the haipios woo accompanied
nil it was i ailed theiestoiation, tne French nation
had to j ay a thousand millions of fiancs, because
she bad bee 11 stiugjhng foi the pnneiples office
trade and the lights of neutiaK Our Govern
meat, nt that time, disclaimed all pait 01 p 1 tici
pation m the doings of those nations who combined
togethei to foice the Bourbons upo 1 Flanee—
nations whose only pi ipose seemed to be to emu-
late each othei 11 lobbing the Fiencli Tieasuiy
All paities in the Chambos agiecd jn conceding
that something was due to us The only question
was as to the pieciseamount Bonaparte's Gov-
ernment admitted that, on the veiy stu< test pnn-
eiples of cilculation, at least thiteen millions,
and on principles more libcml eighteen millions of
fiancs weie dueto the United States The iso-
lation Government, when they weie expelled by
the Fieneh people, had been on the eve of sett'mg
wi'h us foi twelve millions, and the existing
Government admitted without hesitation that a
luge debt was d ie The difficult question to be
settled w as, the tine and just amount
To fix this propel ly was a woik of difficulty
and of time, and suiely it would be time well
lost, should if lesult in preventing our conflict
with one of the oldest and .stiongest and most
wdihkc nations of Euiope What wen two 01
thice sessions of the Chambeis, especially when
oui name was tieated with the utmost lespcet in
all then discussions, and while, though they had
gicat difficulty in deciding on questions of their
own, which weie involved 111 the decision, they
coiitinwii to manifest nothi ig but a fnendly dis-
position and puipose towaids this country ' Some
of then aiguments weie not without gieat weight
One of them especially seemed entitled to much
considciation fiom a íuition «lijen íespected its
ow'i laws It wds, that a put of oui claim was
foi goods taken, duimgthc picvalcnce of oui own
cmbaigo and non inteicouise laws, fiom citizens
who wtie siihng'hc high seas, in open violation
and defiance of those laws They insist that, if
oui own citizei s choose to take the nsk of ap-
pearing on the ocean 111 dneet disobedience to our
autlmity, tiny ougl t to abide by the conse-
que in s P,ut he waived all this He had stated
enough to show that thcie did exist ]ust cause foi
some delay He would only add an extiact from
one speech, which insisted that, should our claim
be a'lowed without ltgid exammnion,the allow
anci of it could be placed onlv on the giound of
palmhj [HeieMi C quoted from one of the
i unch oiatois ]
Mi   C   udid, that it was his peisuasion, after
leading these debates, and recollecting that we
had the whole weight of theCio-vn and the Cabi-
net tluown into oui scale, that the ult mate decís
ion would be what we asked dirt \> should be
But thcic was another asocct ot the subject,
and a ve. y si nous one It was this that,should
we go to wai at this time, we must d 1 it upon a
deficient Tieaimy Noi 01 ¡y was the Tieasuryof
the nat'oi destitute of a doilu, but there wis an
1 aetnel DLncrr of td.o mdhoni and <-< half of dol-
íais1 lilis lie was pii paied to demonsti ite lie
did not coilsidci that, howcvei, as at present
necessaiy He had the vourheis leady to cstab
hs'i his position Now , should the nation go to
wai on such alieisuiy, wlit must be the con-
sequence J    He had usen with 1 0 wish to rouse
jealousies,01 awaken angiy feeling buwo make a
speech pac fn 111 ill íespei's ai d he hoped that
what he had yet to say wou'd be i„ecncd 111 110
other spiut
But it \ as plain that, if we went to wai, it would
be, in effect, with all the woild The field of
battle would be the high scs, aid tnere we nad
a commerce aloat to thev ilun oitVjohwi drcdmil
hors, viz ninety milho is outward, and one hun
drcd and eleven millions mwaid, and this v ould
niimediitcly be subject to the \essels of all
nations, provided they did but hoist the Fiencli
flag It would not only be a war with a nation
niiiiiueiing thirty millions of pi opio, but it w ould
subject us eo attacks fiom all othei quattcis Yet
let him not be misundei stood Le t no gentleman
suppose him to be unwilling to nsk all this, yes,
an 1 ten thousand times mor , on aques'nn wheie
the national honoi was involved, but he novel
could consent 10 expose die piopeitv of h s fcl
low citizens to such a hazaid, until all prooei
I measures of a pacifie churactci had been ti ed 111
vai 1
I      Ihe nation was now said to be out of debt,
'  and the fact was the envy and "dmnation of other
Governments, and the pride of oui own      But if
I   we went to war, we must instantly plunge into a
1 now debt And what would be the furthei con
se quenco' 4.S oui commerce must be destioved,
the natu'al couise of things would be to turn
capitil fiom commerce to rianufactiues, ]ust as
it had happened dining the last wai Oui citi-
zens would, as soon as possible, withdiaw then
! capital from the ocean, when>it would be sub
jeeted to such a nsk of destinotion, and invest it
I 111 manufactuies And what next' Why, then
we shoiild have appeal  upon appeal foi pi otee
J Hon, and the tariff must be laised And then all
the difficulties between the northern and semthern
States must be aroused afiesh Could any gen-
tleman look at such consequences, and not feel a
I desire to ave it wai, if it could be done with
honoi ?
I Mi C observ ed that it had been his purpose
to say much moie, but that he was physically
unable He had not usen with my desire to
make a floilush, but to lccall to the consideration
ot the House the pacific lelations which had sub
sisted between thiscountiy and France for forty
five yeai's The Piesidcnt seemed disposed to
huiry Congiess into a couise w Inch must forfeit
at once all this mutual good understanding It
was not his wish to íecall scenes that were past,
although one of the Fiencli Deputies had done
so, and had adveited  to the time when the flags
I of France and Ameyea were flying in the same
field, and joined in the same cause Ho would only
ask the House to look on tint pietuie, [pointing
to the poitiait of Washington,] and then on that,
[pointing td the likeness of Lafayette ]
If the pictutes of those gte .t men could speak
I now , wnat would they say>   While the House
I was engaged in dchbciatmg on a w ar with Tiance,
! it would bo well to vail these poitraits He felt
assured the American people would approve of
1 no such wai Vnginia w ould ne\ei do it Mount
i Veinon would novel allow 11 "ioiktown would
not consent to it AÜ the ^outh would oppose
it The licit on wa" uppiepned foi it—the en-
cumstcincts did not demand it
I Mi CLAIBORISL, ofVngn a, said he 1 ose to
support the motion made by die gentleman fiom
Georgia, [Mr  Ci aytox ]    He s ud he could not
! letiam fiom minting 111 the discussion of a qucs
tion so vually nitciest ng to his constituents, and
! to the woild Weie he dumb, he wouid make
an effoit to bieak the b mds of s lenco, to give ut-
teianci. to   his feelings  upon this all mipoitaiit
1 subject.    Mi. C  said he spoke on tins question
without piemeditition, relying upon the sponta-
neous feelings of Ins heait, and the best niteiests
of Ins constituents, to dneet both the matter and
manner of his addiess.    He said the winds of
heaven at tins moment weie wafting the Piesi-
dent's message to every portion of the civilized
world     It has been asserted that the message
j contained no menace—no tin eat    But I feai (said
I Mi   C ) it may bo differently undcistood by the
Tienen people, and that they may look upon it
1 as having teceive 4 the sanction of the American
nitioii     He said he believed the nation wanted,
if possible, to live 111 peace with all foro*gn Pow-
eis     It was then interest as well as duty     He
I said he had no hesitation 111 asserting that, as far
, as he had been able to ascert un public opinion,
it was aveisc to wai      The people were disposed
to hve m pcvcewith all the woild, and especially
with then ancient friend and ally, Fiance   Fiom
tins dctcimination they could not depart, as long
as they could adhere to it without a sacrifice ot
national honoi
Mi   C asked, what did the President íecom-
mc id'   He lecommended, 111 the event of a cer-
tain contingency, to wit   the French Chambers
not making the necessary appi opi íaüons eo carry
into efiect then tieaty with us, that then, and in
that event, he, the Piesidcnt, should be «luthoi-
i¿ed by Congress to make repusals on Fieneh
1 íopeiiy, to the amount of the sum stipulated to
be paid the American Goveinm«nt in (he treaty
of the 4th of July, 1831     Yes, (said Mi   C ,) to
aim him with power to seize upon the property
of innocent ai tl unoffending individuáis    Jf this
power bcconfeiied upon him, it will be virtually
conferring upon the Piesident  unconstitutional
powei—a powei to declire wai     For, disguise
the fact as gentlemen may, I can view it m no
othei light than a dcclaiation of war    Is thcie
j any gentreman on this floor who does not believe
that wai will be the inevitable consequence of the
Imcasuic    Yes   sn    it will follow with the cer-
tainty tl at thopealof thundei succeeds the electric
flash 111 the gathei nig storm     Sir, I am not afraid
to express my sentiments on theprcsentoccasion.
I am one of the íepiescntatues of the people,
and a ft ec m in     I come hei e to advocate the peo-
ple's inte est    This is the goal that I diiectall
my effoits to.   I will suppoit themeasuies of the
Admimstiation when I think them  light, and
oppose them when I believe them wiong     I am
no paitisan, and if an imputation of that  sort
should be made against me, self poised and self-
sustame d, I will s and conscious and erect     Gen-
tlemen  have lead history to little effect, if they
aie ready to clothe a single individual with the
powei   of making war     If we are to  dente
wisdom from the experience and fiom the ad-
monitions of history, we will withhold it.   The
gi anting of this powei impiovidently has earned
l  the svvoid through the fairest piovmces of the
.  woild, and biought íuin to the doois of millions;
I   When cause of war shall exist, and the honoi of
j   the nation shall demand a dcclaiation, I will, as
j   the lepresentativc of a pioud and clnvahous peo-
|   pie, join  in  meeting its honors, but, until dire
necessity shall leqmre it, I shall use all my efforts
I  to avoid it    Policy, sound moials, eveiything,
I   tells me th's is the piopei determination
But, Mi   Chan man, does the existing differ-
1 enee between the United States and Fiance pre-
sent such a case ?    In my humble judgment it
does not    AVI at,  sn,  is the state of the fact'
1 Is   not the   executive  Government  of   France
making use of evury cxeition to obtain fiom the
! Chambeis the necessaiy appropnations ?   Does
■ it 'lot already appear  to every gentleman, who
j  has given himself the tiouble to read the debates
|l in the Chambeis, that a íespectable poition of
'i that body do not rcgaid the  treaty as binding
until latifud by them, the only constitutional
powei in the Piench  Government to  levy a tax
upon the people >    We should, in the examina-
tion of this question, 1 ave some regard to the
I existing state of affairs m that countiy.    What
I would be oui si'uation, if the President and Sen-
ate were to make a treaty, and in that tieaty to
stipulate to pay a sum of money, and Congiess
j was to refuse to grmt the appi opi rations'   The
' Piesidcnt would suiely, 111 that case, recommend
the disappointed nation to stay then hand a little,
and give time to eflect a change of public opinion
1 The Go-veinmenl of Fiance and the Government
24                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        December 9,
of the United States are Governments founded on
public opinion, and sustained by popular senti-
ments and popular feelings. Who says nay to
this proposition ? None—no not one. _ It ought
to be remembered, that a majority of eight only
were against the necessary appropriation, at the
time the question was first taken in the Cham-
bers. It cannot be forgotten that the King has
pledged himself to present it at the next meeting
of the Chambers, and again urge the necessity of
the appropriation; and we know that it is his
fixed purpose to do all in his power to have the
claim adjusted. With a knowledge of these
facts, shall we indulge for one single moment in
the language of menace, and provoke a war with
France, our oldest and most steady friend?—a
people who stood by us in the hour of peril and
danger, who mingled their blood and treasure
with the blood and treasure of our fathers, in
fighting for the liberties of our beloved country ?
This great citadel of republican government was
erected by the joint efforts of our fathers and the
French people. Were I to experience for a mo-
ment other than a wish for eternal peace between
France and the United States, some ghost smeared
with blood would rise from the plains of Mon-
mouth to upbraid me. Do not draw wrong con-
clusions from what I say. I am the advocate of
peace. An eloquent writer has well said—the
heart that can mourn over the havoc and desola-
tion of tho fields of battle is closely allied to the
arm that is ever ready to protect innocence from
outrage, and society from oppression. It is the
emblem of moral courage—the daring to do what
is right.
Sir, is it inconsistent with genuine courage,
before you enter into a contest, either as private
men or public functionaries, to calculate the con-
sequences that will follow? Sir,ours is the most
commercial nation on earth, except Great Britain.
Our merchant vessels are incessantly wafting the
productions of our soil from the frozen belt that
encircles the northern pole, to the sandy bars
•vhich environ the antarctic circle. At this mo-
ment the surface of the ocean is whitened with the
fails which cover her millions of American prop-
erty. Declare war to-morrow, and two months
will not have elapsed before all the unemployed
shipping of other countries would apply to France
for letters of marque and reprisal, and under the
French flag pounce down upon and sweep this
vast commerce from the ocean. Then in a brief
period would be presented to your eyes the mel-
ancholy spectacle of your commerce ruined, your
surplus produce unsold, your seaport towns lan-
guishing, and every village and cottage from
Maine to Georgia withering before the blighting
effects of war. Mr. Chairman, let me here say
to you, that the American people should be the
last on earth to go to war, and for this plain rea-
son: they have more at stake than any other.
Our Government is the admiration of tho whole
world. No people among civilized nations enjoy
a higher degree of freedom and happiness; none
who have their civil and religious liberties better
secured. This Government, administered in its
purity, is an ample shield, behind which the peo-
ple may stand in the full enjoyment of all the
hopes of freemen; nor are we, Mr. Chairman,
alone interested in the success of our Govern-
ment. The enlightened and liberal m every por-
tion of the earth pray for the preservation of our
political Institutions. Already have foreigners
come here to study our laws, and have gone
home with their minds richly imbued with liberal
principles, and have been enabled greatly to ame-
liorate the condition of their own countrymen.
Mr. C, said he felt that, the mild and philosoph-
ical principles he was enforcing were in perfect
accordance with the principles of the American
Government, and would receive the sanction of
the enlightened district which he was proud to
represent.
He said he felt certain that, in the vote he should
give, he should represent the feelings and wishes
of his constituents. He was well satisfied that, if
the naked question was submitted to them, their
high, sense of" justice and morality would revolt
at the idea of this Government seizing by force
the private property of the citizens of France, to
indemnify some speculating meichants for losses
sustained under the Berlin and Milan decrees of
France, made by way of self-preservation against
the unlawful Orders in Council of Great Britain,
in declaring not only the ports of France, but |
those of neutral nations, in a state of blockade.
It would not be forgotten that the United States,
by the passage of her non-intercourse law, adopt-
ed measures of retaliation, and thus lessened her
claim to indemnification for spoliations under the
Berlin and Milan decrees. They could justly claim
indemnity for spoliations committed upon prop-
erty after the repeal of those decrees by the
French Government.
Mr. Chairman, I believe the French owe us
fairly more than, twenty-five millions of francs.
You are aware, however, that the French Gov-
ernment, at no time before the establishment of
the Government of July, acknowledged that they
owed this Government more than two and a half
millions of dollars, and against this sum that they
claimed an offset for what they conceived a viola-
tion on the part of this Government of the eighth
article of the treaty of 1803, between France and
the United .States, stipulating that French vessels
should be received in the ports of Louisiana upon
I the terms of the most favored nations, which they
contend was violated when they were not put
upon the same footing with those of Great Brit-
ain, after the treaty of Ghent. When such diffi-
culties have grown up between us, (said Mr. C.,)
what is the course to be pursued? Í answer and
say, let us address the French Government in the
language of friendship—let us say to them, " We
believe you owe us twenty-five millions of francs;
you have agreed by treaty to pay us that sum.
If you complain that you were under a misap-
prehension of facts—point out errors; we are
ready.to correct them—we want only our due,
and we feci you are too magnanimous, when you
are satisfied of the true amount due, to with-
hold it." The people of France certainly must
desire to be in peace and amity with us—I have
confidence that justice will be done us by the
French Government—that the interruption of
good feeling will be momentary, and will pass
away, and be succeeded by days and years, and
I hope centuries, of brotherly love. Good Amer-
icans and good Frenchmen desire this state of
thmgs; and that the peace now happily existing
may exist forever is my most ardent wish. I
could, sir, have said a great deal more, but less
was impossible.
Mr. WAYNE, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, observed that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Georgia to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from North Carolina,
to refer to the Committee on Foreign Affairs so
much of the message as relates to our concerns
with foreign nations, was improper as to time,
and in its matter. He thought discussion now
upon the subject to which the amendment relates
would be premature, and might do much harm,
indeed, if the admissions made by the gentleman
in his remarks could in any event be taken as the
sense of tile House, or of any portion of the
people of this nation, much injury would be done
to those who were interested in the faithful and
speedy performance by Frarlfee of the stipulations
of the treaty of 4th July, 1831. But the gentle-
man's admissions would have no response in this
nation. He proposes to terminate all inquiry
into the affair, and to prevent any action by Con-
gress upon the message, by instructing the com-
mittee to report that it is expedient to await the
farther action of the French Chambers—and his
reason is, that the postponement of voting money
for the payment of the installments due by the
treaty has arisen from the delicate and important
character of the claims referred, and>tho peculiar
complexity of the principles involved in their ad-
justment. In other words, that the French legis-
lators have been for two years and a half discuss-
ing principles which they do not understand, and
still require time to enable them to come to a cor-
rect conclusion. And yet the gentleman, with
nothing before him but a report of the discus-
sions of the Chamber of Deputies, without any
of the correspondence between the two Govern-
ments, since the failure upon the part of France
to discharge her obligations under the treaty,had,
in two or three shoit days, been able to unravel
tho intricacy of the whole affair, and so satisfac-
torily to himself, that lie proposes to substitute
the results of his happy ability for the examina-
tion of the committee, and the more deliberate
judgment of the House. It would have been
well at least, and a prudent man would, cither for II
| censure or praise, as he might be disposed, have
postponed his conclusion, until he had ascertained
how far the message, relating to this affair, could be
sustained by the correspondence between the two
Governments since the ratification of the treaty.
It would have occurred to another, that the affair,
as presented to the nation by the message, im-
posed upon Congress the necessity of inquiring
into facts, with a view of determining upon the
propriety of the President's suggestions, and car-
rying them out, or of devising some other means
to secure the rights of those for whose benefit the
treaty had been made. Congress had now be-
come the guardians of the rights of our citizens,
vested in them by a treaty, which France must
perform, or for which the United States, as a
nation, must receive an indemnity, at some time
or other, to the full extent of its original obliga-
tions, and all the consequences which may ensue
from a refusal by any department of the French
Government to fulfill the stipulations of the treaty,
But the gentleman could only see in the message
a declaration of war, and all the disasters which
follow in the train of war. If his object had been
to fall into the current which, for some days, has
bee.n flowing in a certain channel, to produce the
impression upon the public mind that the Presi-
dent designed to provoke war with France—the
gentleman had taken the proper course to effect
j his intention—notwithstanding he had disclaimed
I any party feeling in his movement. There was
nothing in the message of a warlike character or
threat. AH idea of menace is in terms denied;
and the French character, Government, and peo-
ple, are treated with the respect and regard due
from one nation to another—when either, by put-
ting itself in the wrong, justifies the language of
complaint. Nor is the message without a refer-
ence to those recollections which, if France will
cherish, by doing us justice, the United States
will never forget, nor cease to acknowledge
There is a difference between a firm attitude in
the pursuit of acknowledged rights, and the lan-
guage of menace. The President, after giving a
narrative of all that had taken place since the treaty
had been concluded, recommends, if an appropri-
ation shall not be made by the French Chambers at
their next session, that some legislation shall be
enacted by Congress to meet the predicament in
which we shall be placed by the refusal of France
to pay an acknowledged debt. In anticipation of
that event, the rights of our citizen scan only be sus-
tained by prompt measures. But they are only to
be contingent—until the refusal of France shall be
complete. The refusal has already been as pos-
itive as it can be by one of th? departments of the
French Government. The information received
by us of that fact in May last would have justified
then some ultimate measure of redress; but the
course of the King of the French called for our
forbearance. Since that tune there has been
another meeting of the Chambers; but no appro-
priation was made, nor was any effort made by
j the King or his Ministers to procure one. Then
the Chambers were prorogued to the last week in
i December, and now it is only possible that we
! can have, during this session of Congress, the
j^ result of the King's assurances that it was his
, intention to press the appropriation at the ensuing
! session of the Chambers. Almost three years
j have passed since the appropriation for the first
| installment under the treaty should have been
l made, and since the ratification of the treaty
j there have been five sessions of the Chambers.
j With this procrastination in view, will any one,
having a proper American feeling, and who
I appreciates Government as he should do, by its
ability to give happiness to its citizens at home,
and to obtain for them redress when wronged
by foreign nations—complain of the President
because he has expressed his confidence that no
branch of this Government will, for a moment,
entertain the idea of acquiescing in a refusal to
execute the treaty, or because he has said further
negotiation is out of the question — because,
whilst deprecating the consequences of collision
with France, he has said, in maintaining our
national rights and honor, all Governments are
alike to us?—or for having recommended tho
mildest or only alternative short of war—when
one nation obstinately refuses to pay to another
a liquidated debt? The President has not asked
that the power of authorizing reprisals should be
put into his hands,    lie recommends reprisals,
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
if another sitting of the Chambeis shall be closed
without definitive actior upon the subject—but
he does not attempt to pieseube 01 to intimate
the time ot mannei of its being done, and only
assures Congress that its decision shall be faith
fully executed, as far as it shall authorize him to
act By his language, Mi W undeistood, and
so he believed the whole nation "would under
stand the Piesident to say—not having shunned
the responsibility of making the recommendation,
I am sincere in the deteimination not to shun the
responsibility of executing the decision of Con-
gress, whatever that may be
And as for having recommended reprisals in
the event of the Trench Chambe a again refusing
to executf the stipulations in thi tieaty, those
who may dislike such a couise should lcmembei
that i eprisals, oi a tame acquiescence m the refusal,
are all that we shall hav e 1< "t to us—short of war
llepnsals, though sometimes leading to war are
more frequently the means of preventing it In
this case, will it not be so' Por, besides the
just cause w h ch we shall have for íesortmg to
it, we have the honor of the King of the three
days, tnat he diffeis fiom the Chambers in his
sense of the obligations imposed upon I lance by
the tre ity and without a declaration of wai by
himself, it cannot be made by France So much,
Ml W deemed it right to say, m regald to the
message, in reply to the misconceptions of it by
his colleague, and in answer to his apprehensions
of war
But there weie two points of view in which the
subject was piesented to the House, and from the
mere intimation of them it would be obvious that
it should be sent to a committee, untiammeled
bv instructions The fust were the lights whicn
our citizens had acquned under the tieaty, and,
secondly, what national honor would lequire fiom
Congress, if the FrenUi Chambers persevered in
lefusing to execute it If the amendment pit
vailed, it would be equivalent tj a postponement
by Congress of the rights of oui citizens The
subject should be fully cam assed by a committee,
and afteiwaids, upon its íeport, by Congress,
that oui meichants might feel and know, that
their pursuits wcie undei the vigilant guardian-
ship oí Congress, and that all the woild might
see, howevti long it may be delayed by circum
stances, that there was to be a day of retnbution
for every outrage upon our commerce, undei
whatevei pretense, oi by whatevei nation it might
be committed The sense of this stcuuty will
give life to oui entcipnse in eveiy clime, and con
fidence to our mariners upon e\ciy sea In this
instance, the subject should be sent to a commi -
tee witnout instructions, that it might dehbei ately
lnquue and report that com so which Congicss
should take as the best fitted to induce Fiance to
fulfill her obligation, oi what will most success
fully accomplish the pui pose, should it be thought
advisable, now oi heieaftei, to íediess ouiselves
But I do not propose to argue this point at this
time     The  mtimation of it is enough to insure
the rejection of the amendment      As to what
national honoi   would  ltquirt, if Fiance peisc
veied m   hei  course, and  definitely lefused to
recognize oui rights  mdei th   tieaty, ind^dso to
make repaiationtor het dolavin doing it, Mr W
was not mistaken when he said, theie wouhi be
but one sei timent among the American people
as to the couise tobe pui sued   It would nolongci
be a question of doll irs and cents, but of national
honoi, demanding eveiy sacufice of money and
of life to maintain it, w ith the superadded obh
gation to sustain all that the laws of nations re
quned in legaid to tieaties     The cause would
not only be ouis, but th it of eveiy nation having
trt titles, oi winch mvyhavc to make treaties, with
Fianc-      Mr   "W   would  not pursue this topic
He had thought it to be his tlutj   fiom the iela-
tion m which he had been pi iced to the House,
to mak   some lemaiks upon the amendmentpio
posed by his colleague  and upon his speich, that
the publie might be advised of the true state of our
affairs with  Fiance, and to prevent the message
from being misconceived by those w ho might k ad
the rem u ksofhis colli ague   The oidmary course
was, to ltlei subjects bearing on oui foieigniela
tions to the Committee on Foreign Affans   Why
do so, it the committee vv is to be locked up by
mstiuctions  wmeh took fiom  it  th   tieedom of
debbeiation   and   confined   them to   report   the
judgment of an individual?    His colleague had
expressed himself in a speech professing much
benevolence, and full of apparent patriotism, but
the course he proposed, if countenanced by the
House, would compromise the mteiest of alaige
class of Ills fellow citizens, by adding to the toi
cign obstacles already in the way of the payment
of their claims, all the prejudices of party at home
But ho would say no moie, foi he was convinced
the lmpiopuety of his colleague's movement
would be manifested by an almost unanimous
ícjection of the amendment, without furthei de-
bate                                              9
Mi ARCHER suggested to the mover to vv ith
draw his amendment The piescnt was not the
propel time to discuss this subject An oppoi
tunity would be afforded, when the committee
should makeaitpoit If the motion was pi essed,
he must vote against it
Mi CL W TON rose in reply H  said he was
sorry he could not accept the suggestion of t le
honorable gentleman fiom Vnginia, for whom he
enteitained irieat respect He consideiel this
one of those occasions on which to be found m a
mmonty of one would be to occupy one of the
proudest stations which any man could hold
He would leave it to the nation and to posteuty
to say, whethei it was not well done, to endeavor
to picvent that excitement, and the rousing of all
those feelings of embitteied hostility which
would be at once let loose should the House in
any dcgiee sanction the views suggested in the
executive communication He would ask gen
tlemen whethei they were not as well piepaicd
now as thev would be after a íeport was lendeied,
tojudge on the expediency of tne course pioposed>
The s ep he had taken was no unusual one
Two months of the last session had been occu
pied m debating a proposition intioduced in pic-
ciscly the same way "What (he asked) would
be gamed by sending this subject to the Commit
tte on Toieign Affans ? Had not the House all
the documents before them5 Weie they not
printed, and on the table of every member? All
the committee wou d 1 ave btfoie them, the House
had befoieit Theiewas no ambiguity of mean
mg the whole case was as plain as the commit
tee could make it
He was willing  so  far  to  comply with the
wishes of his friend from Virginia as to postpone
the subject foi a week     But why waitfoi a long
íeport when they could as well judge and act
without it?    If the House was ready at once to
reject his proposition, the natuialmfeience would
be, that there was a majority in that House dis
posed and ready to go to war with France    The
gentleman (lnscolleigue) fiom Georgia,it seemed,
could see nothing hostile, nothing of war, or war
like, in the message of the President    But Mi
C would appeal to the common sense of any
man to say, whether the language of the mes
sage did not contain a menace
"I lecommend that a law be passed authon
'zing repu-als upon Fiench piopeity, m  case
'piovisio i shall not be made for the payment of
' the debt at the ipproaching session of the Tiendi
'"Chambeis "
Here the Pr< sident insisted that but one session
moie of the Chimbéis shall be peimitted to pass,
till letteis of marque and reprisal shall be issued
by this GoTcniment Who did not know that
the iii st act of íepnsal would be consideied by
Frince as an act of hostility, and met on hcipart
with instant íetaliation > As to the in erest of the
Amencan claimants, to which the chanman of
the Committee on Foreign Aft urs had alluded,
Mi C 's pioposition was manifestly safei for
them than the mcasuie of the Piesident The
moment we went to war, the claims were gone
When the clouds and smoke of w arcleaied iway
the claims would all vanish with them When
ever peace was proposid, the whole would be
sacnficed What he wanted, w as to give to the
people of France the evidence that the people of
Amenca weie not disposed to go to wai with
them tint we inspected them as friends, md
desned otheis to remain filends If he thought
that a long report (hovvevei able) fiom the
Committee on Foreign <Vffurs w ould throw any
new lisht upon the matter, he would willingly
wait for it, but he could not believe but that the
Hous was as leady now is it w ou d he then
Could it be the vish the dfign of am gentk
man, to thiow this agitating question abioid and
ious  the i ational feeling into a *ta e of re^ur1  
tion? He ti usted not He was sorry that he
could not withdiaw his motion, he was willing,
however, to defer the subject foi a week, as he
had said, or even foi a foitnrght, if gentlemen
insisted   faither he could not go
Mi JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said, the gentle-
man from Georgia assumed, at the thicshold, that
the recommendation of the Piesident was a prop-
osition to declaie wai Ho certainly did not so
consider it, nor did the President himself The
code of civ ihzed nations expressly recognizes tho-
ught of íepnsal in a nation fiom which a just
debt is withheld, as a mode of redress compitióle
with the continuance of peace But 'he President
does not piopose even this redi ess slioit of war,
but under circumstances which the gentleman
from Giorgn says, would render an appeal to
arms not only just, but indispensable to piesirve
the " national honoi " for which he is prepaied to
make ten thousand tunes gieatei sacrifices than
he has depicted as necessarily lesulting fiom wai
He says oui claims on Trance aie just—that we
have not asked a cent more than is just—that the
treaty stipulates for nothing moie than is just—
and that a refusal to execute it is ' a just cause of
war " Well, the Fiench Chamber of Deputies
have definitively and positively refused to pay
the money which the nation has bound itself, by
the most solemn of all obligations, to pay The
Chambers, after successive sessions of" elaborate
discussion and long dehbeiation, have defeated the
stipulations of the treaty, by the rejemon of the
proposition of the King of the French to piovide
for the payment of our demands The Piesident
of the United States, however, in communicating
this fact to Congress, does not call upon us to act
upon this peremptory lefv-sal as " a just cause of
war " He does not ask that we should considei
this violation of the faith of treaties, and insult to
our national honor,as making jmopei an immedi-
ate appeal for rcdiess to the lemedy of reprisals,
of which the late example of Fiance, in regard to
Portugal, affoids a piactical lllustiation No—
the Piesidint proposes a course of gi eater moder-
eiation than the pnnciples avowed by the gentle-
! man fiom Geoigia, and the late piecedent set by
France heiself most cleaily justify and invite
The message would have us overlook the wrong
aheadv inflicted, and the affront offered m ttfe
fiist absolute iefusal of the Fiench Chambers to
comply with the tieaty It pioposes, m the event
of a second denial of justice by the newly elected
Chambers, that then only shall the violation of
the t-eaty be regarded as conclusive, and as shut-
ting the door against a hope of voluntary tedies 
on the part of France, and even aftei this con-
summation of wrongs which have lemamed twen-
ty five yeais unrediessed, the President does not,
in his communication to us, hold the strong lan-
guage of the gentleman fiom Georgia, and say
that it forms " a just cause of war, ' but only in
sists that it is it ¡list cause jor repináis—that is,
that we should take possess,on of as much Fiench
property as would be sufficient to pay the sum
stipulated m the treaty and, aftei n taming it a
sufficient length of time to give the Fiench Gov
ernment an opportunity to ledeemit, bv the pay
ment of the sum acknowledged to be due to our
citizens, that it should be confiscated, as the prop
erty of our people was by h i anee twenty fiv e years
ago
It is prematuie,howevei, toenter into this dis-
cussion now The House has before it a mass
of documents It w as its dutv , through its com
nittee, to sift them thoroughly,and look into all
the bcaungs of tne case No man enteitained
more friendly feelings towards Fiance (he said)
than he did, ard none would be moie unwilling
hastily to sevei the ties of the ancient friendship
which has existid between Fiance and the In ited
States He would obseive all the foms which
ar introduced into legislation, for the pmpostof
giving due d&hbeiation to all pro< tiding in this
delicate subject The haste with which the gui
tli man would rush into a discussion and decision
of the greit and impo'tant subject was neitliei
respectful to those who admimstei the Govern-
ment of Franco, nor to oui own Administration
The President, as we have seen, wishes the final
action of this Government, to await the final de-
teimination of the French Chambeis Ind time
can, theiefore, be no motive for the precipite Hon
with which we are invited to expiess an opinion
«   *" the intentions of the Fiench Government
&6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
and to adopt a course predicated upon our sup-
positions in this respect, when the final measure
contemplated here is to await the full develop-
ment of the intentions of France in the overt acts
of its representative body. For the present, the
usual course of delay, for the sake of deliberation,
should, he thought, be taken by our councils.
The subject should be submitted to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. It was an able com-
mittee, and would, in this report, take a view of
the whale ground. The question was too solemn
to be sported with. He could not consent to vote
for the instructions proposed, and yet he disliked
to vote against the proposition of the worthy mem-
ber frpm Georgia, towards whom he entertained
the most kindly feelings. He had uttered the
most patriotic sentiments, and was actuated by
the most honorable motives. The gentleman had
thrown out a most excellent speech, which would
go to balance the effect of the President's message.
But the gentleman had not examined the subject
in extenso. He (Mr. J.) would therefore add his
appeal to that which had already been made by
the worthy member from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,]
that he would consent to withdraw his motion.
He had listened to the excellent speech of this
member with the greatest pleasure; and he always
did listen to him, whenever his multiplied occu-
pations would at all permit, with the greatest in-
terest and satisfaction. The gentleman could not
but be aware that the instructions, should they be
adopted, though they might bind the committee,
would not bind the House. He trusted they
would be withdrawn.
Mr. CLAYTON remarked, that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Johnson] had flattered him
instead of reasoning with him. He would, there-
fore, withdraw his amendment.
The committee then rose, the Chairman re-
ported the resolutions to the House, and they
were then adopted.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 10, 1834.
The Hon. William C. Preston, of South
Carolina, appeared and took his seat.
REPORT FROM ENGINEER DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
Siccompanied by a report from the engineer bu-
reau, relative to the progress of the work on the
Cumberland road.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. Tipton's resolution relative to the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at La Fayette, on the
Wabash river, was taken up; and, on his motion,
was laid on the table.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Southard,
for the appointment of the standing committees
on Wednesday, (this day,) was taken up for con-
sideration.
On his motion the resolution was amended,
so as to read " Thursday next, (to-morrow,) at
one o'clock;" and it was then adopted.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
The following resolution submitted yesterday
by Mr. Benton was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the Senate any
correspondence with the Bank of the United
States on the subject of the branch drafts, and
dividends withheld, not heretofore communicated.
Also, to inform the Senate whether the directors
on the part of the Government have been refused
access to the books and accounts of the institu-
tion.
Mr. TYLER presumed that no gentleman could
have any objection to the passage of the resolu-
tion—it was desirable that the information should
be obtained. But he felt that it was due to the
Committee on Finance to say that, if the honor-
able gentleman who offered the resolution had
waited a few days, the necessity of submittincit
would have been entirely obviated. The subject
of it had attracted the attention of the committee.
It was of considerable importance, and in a few
days a full report would be made on the subject by
;he committee.
Mr. BENTON observed that, under the cir-
cumstances, he had no objection that the resolu-
tion-lie on the table, and made a motion to that
effect; which prevailed.
PRIVATE  BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Theodore Brightwell,
deceased, was taken up, as in Committee of the
Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, was
laid on the table.
The bill for tlw relief of Colonel Gad Hum-
phreys was taken up as in Committee of the
Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, was laid on the
table
The bill to authorize an issue of scrip to offi-
cers and non-commissioned officers of the revo-
lutionary war was taken up as in Committee of
the Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. TYLER, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons was
taken up as in Committee of the Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. MOORE, it was also referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill authorizing an appropriation for pur-
chasing the right to use Boyd Reilly's patent ap-
paratus for applying the irrespirable and other
gases to the human body, to be used in the Army
and Navy, was taken up as in Committee of the
Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. NAUDAIN, it was referred
to a select committee of five.
On balloting for the committee, it appeared that
Messrs. Naudain, Robbins, Kent, Prentiss,
and Spuague, weie chosen.  
SCHOOL LANDS.
The bill authorizing a relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections, and the appropriation of other
lands in lieu thereof, for the use of schools, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole- and
On motion of Mr. MOORE, it was laid on the
table.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WAGGAMAN gave notice that, on to-
morrow, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
appropriate a sum of money to repair the United
States barracks at New Orleans.
Mr. TIPTON, on leave given, introduced a
billforthe relief of Hiram A. Hunter; which was
read the first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing-
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, on to-morrow,
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to grant a
quantity of land to the State of Missouri for ob-
jects of internal improvement.
Also, a bill to reduce and graduate the price of
the public lands of the United States.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, reported a bill to make
compensation for spoliations upon American com-
merce prior to 1800.
Mr. W. also gave notice that, on Wednesday
next, he would call up the bill for consideration.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave given, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act organizing the United
States courts for the State of Alabama; which
was lead the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
EXECUTIVE  SESSION.
• On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business.
When the doors were opened, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 10, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Mr. HUBBARD, of New Hampshire-
Messrs.   BRIGGS,   PHILLIPS,   OSGOOD
Q^H^' a^ REÍÍD> of Massachusetts;      '
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
[Mr. Pearce, of Rhode Island, presented the
petition of John N. Reynolds, lately returned
from a voyage of exploration in the Pacific ocean,
and on the northwest coast, praying that an ex-
pedition may be fitted out to survey the islands
and reefs in that ocean, and on that coast. The
petition .was recommended by both branches of
the Legislature of Rhode Island; and Mr. P.
stated that the Legislatures of several other
States would join in the prayer of the memorial,
as would the merchants and chambers of com-
merce in the principal cities of the Union. To
show the importance of the object in view, Mr.
P. stated that there were now engaged in the
whale fishery 132,000 tons of shipping; that there
were employed 10,000 seamen, and that the busi-
ness direct and indirect employed 170,000 tons of
shipping, and more than 12,000 seamen; that
more than one tenth part of our whole navigation
was engaged in it, and the capital invested was
$12,000,000. He further stated that the annual
loss of property, upon the islands and reefs not
laid down upon any chart, was fully equal to the
expense of the expedition and survey requested.]
Messrs. WHITE, CAMBRELENG, and
CLARK, of New York;
Messrs. CHAMBERS,BANKS, WAGENER,
HARPER, and MILLER, of Pennsylvania;
[Mr. Miller presented the petition of Captain
John Smith, of the borough of Carlisle, Penn-
sylvania, praying .that his name be entered on the
roll of the Pennsylvania line of the army of the
Revolution as a first lieutenant, and that he may
be entitled to the benefit of the several acts of
Congress made for the benefit of the surviving
officers of the army of the Revolution, according
to the said rank.]
Mr. HEATH, of Maryland;
Messrs. CHINN, BOULDIN, ROBERTSON,
LOYALL, CLAIBORNE, and FULTON, of
Virginia;
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina;
Messrs. CLOWNEY and PINCKNEY, of
South Carolina;
Messrs. POPE, CHILTON, and LETCHER,
of Kentucky;
[Mr. Pope presented the petition of numerous
inhabitants of Louisville, Kentucky, praying for
the establishment of a district court at that place;
which was referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.]                                                          '
Mr. BLAIR, of Tennessee-,
Mr. CRANE, of Ohio;
Messrs. THOMAS and GARLAND, of Louis-
iana ;
Messrs. LANE, EWING, and KINNARD,
of Indiana;
[Mr. Kinnard presented the petitions and
claims of Andrew Hoover and Scioto Evans, for
certain horses lost while in the military service
of the United States during the late war with the
Indians on the frontiers of Illinois and Michigan
Territory; which were referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. K. also presented the petition and claim
of the heirs of Humphrey Barret, praying com-
pensation for property pressed into the military
service of the United States during the war of the
Revolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr.-JL.ANE presented the petition of Richard
Oliver, of Dearborn county, Indiana, praying to
be .placed on the pension roll.]
Mr. LYON, of Michigan;
Which petitions and memorials were referred
to the appropriate committees.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr.. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, submitted the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the bill to reduce and graduate
the price of the public lands, No. 92, reported at
the late session, be made the special order of the
day for the 1st Monday in January next.
Resolved, That the bill to reduce and graduate
the pnce of the public lands, reported at the late
session, No. 92, and the repurt, No. 87, accom-
panying the same, be printed for the use of the
House.
And, on motion of Mr. CLAYTON, five
thousand extra copies of said report were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EWING suggested, that there was an
amendment to the bill in relation to the public
lands, and he desired that it should also be com-
mitted with the original bill.
Mr.  CLAY had no objection.    The amend-
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment would go with the bill, as a matter of
course.
The resolutions were then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, five thousand
extra copies of the report of the Committee on
Public Lands, on the subject of reducing and
graduating the price of the public lands, were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, moved that the bill to provide for the
establishment of the Western Territory, and for
the security and protection of the emigrants and
other Indian tribes therein named, be made the
special order of the day for the first Tuesday in
January: which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GILMER, the foregoing bill
and amendments were ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Jarvis, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to this House
any information he may possess 'respecting the
burning of the building occupied by the Treasury
Department in 1833.                                        *
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Hub-
bard, was ordered to lie on the table for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the House of Rep-
resentatives, as soon as practicable, copies of the
correspondence, not heretofore communicated,
which has taken place between him and the Presi-
dent of the Bank of the United States, on the sub-
ject of the branch drafts, and in relation to the
claim made by the bank for damages, and the
course pursued by that institution on account of
the protest of the bill drawn on the French Gov-
ernment by the Treasury Department.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of New York, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the establishment
of a branch of the Mintof the United Statesat the
city of New York.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the survey of the
river Passaic, in the State of New Jersey, below
the port of Newark, and of the channel of New-
ark bay, and the Kill Vankull, to its termination
in the bay of New York, with a view to improve
the navigation thereof
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH, it was
Resolved, That an additional number of copies
of the amendment to bill No. 334, with the ac-
companying report regulating the pay of the
Navy of the United States, be printed for the use
of this House.
On motion of Mr. P.URD, it was
Rewired, That the Committee on P^oads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing a survey and examination of the
ground from Cumberland, Maryland, via Bed-
ford, to Hollidaysburg, m Huntingdonjjcounty,
Pennsylvania, with a view of connecting the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal with the Pennsylva-
nia canal, by a railroad or turnpike, between the
points aforesaid; and if expedient, that said com-
mittee be instructed to report a bill making a suit-
able appropriation for said object.
On motion of Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, it was
Rewlved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
placing a light-boat in the thoroughfare between
Albemarle and Pamlico sounds.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
constructing a breakwater-at Sullivan's Island,
South Carolina, with a view to the preservation
of the fort and other property thereon.
Resolved, That ihe Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erecting two small additional light-houses at the
bar of Charleston, South Carolina.
On motion of Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill to establish the
Territory of Huron.
Resolved, That the said bill be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a third judicial district m the State
of Tennessee, and of requiring the judge of the
district of east and west Tennessee to hold one
or more terms of said court annually at the town
of Jackson, in said State.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Roadyville, injlutherford county, Tennessee, to
Beech Grove, Bedford county.
On motion of Mr. PEYTON, it was
Resolved, That the  Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a port of entry at Portageville, at the
mouth of the Laurel, on the Cumberland river.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-,
diency of making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of the  Ohio river
between the city of Pittsburg and the falls of the
Ohio.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL, of Ohio, it
was"
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a national armory on the waters of
the Muskingum river, in the State of Ohio,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved the fol-
lowing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the causes
which have retarded the issuing patents in favor
of claimants to lands in the State of Louisiana,
which have been confirmed by virtue of the dif-
ferent acts of Congress which have buen passed
for the adjustment of land claims within the said
State.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from the
town of Opelousas, in the State of Louisiana, to
pass by Washington, Holmesville,and the Bayou
Rouge, to intersect the principal mail route from
i>ígw Orleans to Natchez at such point as may be
deemed most convenient by the Postmaster Gen-
era!.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce.be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the purpose of re-
placing the buoys that were placed on the coast
of Louisiana to mark out the channel from the
vicinity of the light-house on Point au Fer into
the Atchafalaya Bay, which have been sunk, or
been destroyed.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera
tion of bill No. 349, being a bill to grant an addi-
tional quantity of land to the States of Ohio and
Indiana, to aid in the construction of the Wabash
and Erie canal.
Resolved, That the said bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. CARR, it was
Resolved, Thatall the memorials, petitions, &c,
together with an estimate made by Captain Henry
Shrieves, by order of the Secretary of War, of
the probable cost of improving the navigation
through the falls of the Ohio river, and heretofore
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,,
be again so referred, and that said Committee be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the above-named purpose,
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instiacted to inquire into the
propriety of establishing a post route from Bur-
lington, Boone county, Kentucky, to Versailles, in
Ripiey county,Indiana, by the way of Rising Sun,-
in the county of Dearborn.
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
permitting any persons not owners of land" for
actual settlement, and those who are cultivators
and owners of land, to add to his or her farms, to
enteranyquantity of the public land, at fifty cents
per acre, not exceeding one quarter section, pro-
vided such land shall have been offered at public '
sale, and been subject to entry for twenty years'
or upwards, and shall remain unsold at the time
of such entry.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the act entitled "An act to provide for
the payment of claims for property lost, captured,
or destroyei| by the enemy while in the military
service of the United States during tlie late war
with the Indians on the frontiers of Illinois ana
Michigan Territory," approved 30th June, 1834,
«o as to apply the provisions of said act to prop-
erty lost in said service belonging to other per-
sons besides" volunteers, rangers,and cavalry.''
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Ew-
ikg, was ordered to lie on the table for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit, or cause to be trans-
mitted, to this House a list of such land claims
heretofore noted by, or presented to, the com*
missioners authorized to receive and adjust the
same, as may have been decided unfavorably,
and not yet satisfied, in the Vincennes land dis-
trict, with the foundation of the claims and de-
cisions in brief, and such documents in relation
to the subject-matter as he may control and deem
proper.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the justice and ex-
pediency of granting three hundred and twenty
acres of land to the widow and heirs of each per-
son killed by the Indians on the frontiers of
Illinois and Michigan in 1832.
On motion of Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a surveyor general's office in the
State of Illinois, and of appointing a surveyor
general whose duties shall be confined exclu-
sively to that State.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, it was
Resolved, Thnt the Committee oil Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation to establish a marine hos-
pital at or near the mouth of the Ohio river, in
Illinois.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing registers and receivers of land offices
to administer all oaths connected with the sale or
entry of the public lands.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, it was
Resolved, That the reports Nos. 2, 3, and 4 of
the register and receiver of the land office at St.
Stephen, in the State of Alabama, acting as com-
missioner under the third section of the act of
Congress of the 2d of March, 1829, entitled "An
act confirming the reports of the register and
receiver of the land office for the district of St.
Stephen, in the State of Alabama, and for other
purposes," be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
On motion of Mr. MARDIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
permitting all settlers on the public lands of the
United States, who would have been entitled to
enter their improvements at Government price
under the provisions of the existing preemption
laws, and who were prevented from so doing in
consequence of the Government of the United
States selerting their settlements to satisfy Indian
claims to reservations, to enter one hundred and
sixty acres of the public domain in the proper
land district, free from charge, except office fees
On motion of Mr. BULL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
28                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 11,
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route fiom the
town of Richmond, Ray county, to P^nmston's,
on Grand nver, m said county
On motion of Mr  ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That bill No. 451, providing for the
impiovement of the harbor of St. Louis, be made
the order of the day for Thursday week, the 18th
instant.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan, it was
•    Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making appropriations for connecting, by
a ship canal, the navigable pait of the  River
Raisin with Lake Ene, and for removing the bar
at the mouth of Clinton nver, in Michigan Tei-
l itory
On motion of Mi LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instituted to inquire into the expediency of elect-
ing a light-house at the mouth of l>ttioit nvor,
one at the mouth of Kalamazoo nvei, and one at
the mouth of Gland nver, in the Temtory of
Michigan
Mi. WHITE, of Florida, moved the following
resolution, which lies on the table one day
Reiolvcd, That the .Societal y of Wai beduected
to repoit to this House what piogiess has been
made in the lepans of the foit, and theconstiuc-
tion of the sea wall, at St. Augustine, Douda,
and whatfurthel sum vv ill be requited to complete
the same, with the repoit and estimate of the
cngincei chaiged with that work
Mi. FOSTER moved the followinglesolution,
which lies on the table one day
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United
States be lequested to communicate to this House
(if not, in his opinion, incompatible with the
public inteiest) any communication or couc-
spondencc which may have t ik.cn place between
our Minister at Pans and the Fiench Govern-
ment, oi between the Mimstei fiom France and
this Government, and the Secretaiy of State, on
the subject of the refusal of the Fie loh Govern-
ment to make piovision foi tin execution of the
treaty concluded between thi United States and
Fiance on the 4th of July, 1831
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That tin Committee on Commence be
mstmcted to inquire into the expediency of pio
Tiding by law that the ships and vessels of tin
United States be i< giste ied,eniolh d,and licensed
anew, and that the legistcis, tniollmcnts, and
license sunder twenty tons, be iiquned to e ontain,
in addition to the munis of tin owneisof tin
vessels, the shaic which each owih i m ly have
tin iem; the said do< uinents to be issue d instead
oí those now in use, without i xptnsi to thcowntis
of the VCSSe Is.
Mi. POPE mo\(d to dischaige the Committee
of the Whole House fiom th< tons'dciatiou of
bill No 342, " m i< lation to the Louisville and
Portland canal," and to refer the same to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tin.
Union
Mi P. obsencd, that his whole object in sub-
mitting the motion was to insuie a vote upon the
bill at the piesrnt session He disliked to tax the
foibeaianct of the House, but the measure was
one ot such vital nitcicst to his constituents and
the whole wi stein count!y, that he felt compi lied
to saciidcc any scmplishe might feel on that head
to the demand of public duty He bi icily stated
that the bill was íeported at the bst session of
Congicss, but,like all others of the same natuie,
lcmanitd on the Cali ndar untouched. The object
of the bill was to enable theSerietary eif the Tieas-
ui y to puichaso, in the name of the United States,
the pnvate stock m the Louisville and Po'tland
Canal Compan),and to relieve the navigation of
the canal from any tax oi toll except what was
necessary to ke ep it in good lepan lie stated that
the Government now owned neaily one thud of
the stock of the company, and he hoped to be able
to show, on a fit occasion, that itshould purchase
the lemamder He would only say at this time
that tin i teen States (including New Yoik, Penn
syivaiua, Maiyland, and Vngima,) were deeply
interested in the passage of this bill He ex-
pressed the hope, that inasmuch as the object of
the bill was to relieve fiom injuiious and dis-
tiLSsing exactions the commeice of so large a
portion of the United States, that the House
would indulge him, by yielding its support to
the motion he had made
The motion prevailed.
Mi CHILTON submitted the following íeso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquiie into the justice
and expediency of making an appropnation of a
poition of the public funds to aid the States of
Kentucky and Tennessee in the improvement of
the load leading from the city of Louisville, in
the State of Kentucky, to Nashville, in the State
of Tennessee.
A count being called for on agreeing to the res
olution,
Mi CHILTON said that the object of his
motion was pei haps misundei stood by the House
It proposed only an mquiiy, which the House
was in the practice of gianting to every gentle-
man The road fiom Louisville to Nashville,
was peihaps one of greater impoitance than any
othei west of the Alleghany mountains. A most
i extensive commeice was earned on between the
cities indicated in his lesolution, and this road
was one of the principal mail loutcs between
Washington Cityand NewOileans. Itwascon-
"nected with the national oi Cumbciland load,
and its improvement was a mattei of deep in-
teiest to the citizens of Kentucky and Tennessee.
In times of low water an immense pait of -the
ti ado of East Tennessee and the southern pal t of
Kentucky passed over the load m question
The pioposed inquiry involved noncwpimciple,
and he trusted that theie would be no objection
to it
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was lejccted—yeas 72, nays 88
REPORT TROM ENGINEER DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER hud before the House a letter
fiom the Secietaiy of Wai, inclosing a report
fiom the engineei depaitment, in íelation to the
íepans made upon the Cumbeilandioad, which,
on motion of Mi. Thomson, was laid on the table,
and oidered to be punted.
| CENSUS OF MICHIGAN AND ARKANSAS
On motion of Mi SEVIER, the bill to piovide
foi taking a census of the inhabitants of Mich-
igan and Aikansas Teintories was made the
special oidei of the day foi Thuisday the 18th
instant, and Mi S. gave notice that when the
bill came up foi consideiation, lit should move to
amend it The amendment, on his motion, was
oidcied to be punted. .
ELECTION OT CHAPLAIN.
The  House, puisuant to older, proceeded to
the election of Chaphm.
Mi   WARDYVELL nominated the Rev Mi
Smith.
Mi   POLK nominated the Rev   Mi   Copp
Mi   CHIN1N nominated the Rev Mi. Sheer.
Mi   '1IIOMAS, of Louisiana, nominated the
Rev  Mi   Ungeiei
Mi   0CBERRY nominated the Rev. Mi   Mc-
Ketve i
Mcssis  Wardweil, Polk,  Ciiinn, Thomas
of Louisiana, and Deblrry, were appointed tell
eis, who, aftei counting the votes, announced
the following result
Mi   Copp...........................52
Mr  Sheer........................42
Mi  Smith............................32
Mi   Ungerer.........................27
Mi  McKeevei........................25
Mi   Palfiey...........................5
Mi   Stockton.........................2
Mis  Royall...........................2
Mi   Harrison.......................... 1
Mi   Seigeant.........................1
Blanks...............................5
Theie being no choice, the House proceeded to
■ballot a second  time, pievious  to  which, Ml
HARPER, of New Hampshire, nominated the
Rev    Mr    Stockton     The  following was  the
lesult
Mr Copp  ...........................55
Mr Smith   ........................39
Mi  Shcci   ......................30
Mi  Ungeier.....................28
Mi  McKcever____,................22
Mi. Stockton..........................9
Mr  Palfiey......................4
Mi  Post.......................    1
Blank................................. 1
No person having a majouty, the Wotise pio-
ceeded to ballot a thud time, when the vote stood
as follows:
Mi. Copp............................59
Mr  Smith........................... 50
Mi.Shcei.............................26
Mi  Ungeiei.........................W
Mi  McKeever........................14
Mr Stockton........................    4
Mr  Palfiey.........................    4
Mi   Blanks..........................   3
Theie still being no choice,
Mi. DAVENPORT moved an adjournment,
which was lost
The House then pioceeded to ballot a fouith
time, which lesulted as follows
Mi  Smith...........................99
Mi   Copp............................60
Mi. Shcci.............................9
Mi   Palfrey  .........................  4
Mi^, Ungeiei   ....................1
Mi  McKeevei.................1
Mi   Blanks.......................... 2
Mi Smith, of Washington city, having a ma-
jority of votes, was declaied by the Speaker
duly elected Chaplain foi the session
On motion of Mi. McKIM, the House then
adjourned
IN SENATE
Thursday, December 11, 1834.
The Senate pioceeded to the special 01 del of
the day, being the election of the Standing Com-
mittees
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
several chairmen would be fust chosen, and the
ballots being taken the result was as follows
Toi the Committee on Foieign Relations, Mr.
Ci ay was elected
For the Committee on Finance, Mr. Wlbster
was elected
Foi the Committee on Commerce, Mi S11 sbee
w as elected
Foi the Committee on Manufactures, Mi Frl-
lingiiuí sen was elected
Foi the Committee on Agncultuie, Mi Browv
was elected.
Foi the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs, Mi
Benton was eltcted
Foi the Committee on the Militia, Mi. Robin-
son was elected
Foi the Committee on Naval Affairs, Mi.
Sot THAPn was elected
Foi the Committee on Pnvute Land Claims,
Mi   Black was elected.
Foi the Committee on Indian AfTaus, Mi.
AViiiie was elected.
Foi the Committee on Claims, Mi Beli was
eltcted
Foi the Committee on the Judicial y, Mi Ci ay-
ton was elected.
Toi tta Committee on Roads and Canals, Mi
HrNDRiJfes vvas elected
For the Committee on Pensions, Mi Tomi in-
son was elected
Foi the Committee on the District of Columbia,
Mi   Tyi er was eltcted.
Foi the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
Mi   Moore was elected
Foi the Committee on the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, Mi. Kmght was elected
Foi the Committee on Engiossed Bi'ls, Mi.
Sheplfy was elected.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot foi the le-
maimng members of the several committee^,
when it appealed that—
For   the   Committee   on   Foieign   Relations,
Messis   King of Geejrgia, Mas gum, Spragul,
j and Tallmadge, were elected
For  the   Committee   on   Finance,   Messrs.
1 Wright, Tillr, Mangum, and  Ewing,  weie
elected
Foi the Committee on Commeice, Messrs
King of Alabama, Spraglc, Waggamvn, and
Wrighi, wtrt elected
Foi the Committee on Manufactuits, Messrs
Knigjut, Morris, Prentiss, and Tyler, wcie
elected
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'ft
For the Committee on Agriculture, Messrs.
Kent, Robinson, Mourns, and Swift, were
elected.
Forthe Committee on Military Affairs, Messrs.
Tipton, Clayton, King of Alabama, and Pres-
ton, were elected.
For the Committee on the Militia, Messrs.
Hendricks, Waggaman, McKean, and Swift,
were elected.
For the Committee on Naval Affairs, Messrs.
Bibb, Robeins, Tallmadge, and Black, were
elected.
For the ComTnittcc on Private Land Claims,
Messrs. Naudain, Kane, Pouter, anclSiiEPLEY,
were elected.
For the Committee on Indian Affairs, Messrs.
Frelingiiuysen, Tipton, Swift, and Smith,
'were elected.
For the Committee on Claims, Messrs. Nau-
dain, Brown, Tipton, and Shepley, were
elected.
For the Committee on the Judiciary, Messrs.
Leigh, Preston, Smith, and Bell, were elected.
For the Committee on Roads ayd Canal,Messrs.
Kent, Robbins, Robinson, and McKean*, were
elected.
For the Committee on Pensions, Messrs. Tall-
madge, McKean, Prentiss, and Preston, were
elected.
For the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, Messrs. Kent, Bibb,Tomlinson, and South-
ard, were elected.
For the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
Messrs. Smith, White, Leigh, and Freling-
huysen, were elected.
For the Committee on the-Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, Messrs. Tomlinson and Morris
were elected.
For the Committee on Engrossed Bills, Messrs.
Robinson and AIorris were elected.
NOTICES  OF  BILLS.
Mr. CLAY gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the distribution of the sales of the public lands
for a limited time among the several States.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that on Monday
next he would introduce a proposition to alter
the Constitution of the United States, as relates
to the election of the President and Vice President
of the United States.
Mr. B. also gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to grant a
township of land to a university in Missouri.
Mr. EVVING gave notice that on Monday
next he would ask leave to introduce a bill to un-
piove the harbor at the mouth of the river Raism.
REFERENCE OFTHE PRESID ENT' S MESS AGE.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, so much of the Pres-
ident's message as relates to foreign affairs was
rei\ rred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, so much of the
message as relates to the revenue was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHAFvD, so much of
the message as relates to naval affairs was referred
to the. committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr. SILSBEE, so much of the
message as relates to commerce was referred to
the committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr. TOMLINSON, so much of
the message as relates to pensions was referred
to the committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, so much of
the message as relates to internal improvements
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
"On motion of Mr. WHITE, s* much of the
message as relates to Indian affairs was referred
to the'eommittee on that subject.
Mr. POINDEXTER said he would move that
so much of ihe message as relates to the public
lands be referred to ihe Committee on Public
Lands, but there was nothing in the. message on
that subject.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENTON, on leave given, introduced a
bill to grant a quantity of land to the State of
Missouri for objects of internal improvement.
Also, a bill to reduce and graduate the price of
the public lands of the United States; which were
severally read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. EWING, the bill to settle
and establish the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio w^s taken up, and referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
to reorganize the United States courts for the
State of Alabama was taken up, and referred to
the same committee.
The Senate then adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 11, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. BATESand REED,of Massachusetts.
Mr. BURGES, of Rhode island.
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont.
Messrs. WHITE, CAMBRELENG, and
DICKSON, of New York.
Messrs. WATMOUGH and McKENNAN,
of Pennsylvania.
Messrs. JOHNSON and McKIM, of Mary-
land.
Mr. SPEIGHT, of North Cu-olina.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky.
Messrs. POLK, DICKINSON, and JOHN-
SON, of Tennessee.
Messrs. MITCHELL and McLENE, of Ohio.
Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana.
Mr. CAGE, of Mississippi.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
Messrs. LEWIS and MURPHY, of Alabama.
Which memorials and petitions were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WATMOUGH, from the Committee on
Naval Affaiis, reported a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth May; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill amend-
atory of the act in addition to the several acts for
the orgaization of the Treasury, War, and Navy
Departments; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Daniel Cage; which was read twice, and
committed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted yester-
day, were considered, and agreed to:
By Mr. Hubbard:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the House of Rcp-
sentatives, as soon as practicable, copies of the
correspondence, not heretofore communicated,
which' has taken place between him and the
president of the Bank of the United States, on
the subject of the branch drafts, and in relation
to the claim made by the bank for damages, and
the course pursued by that institution on account
of the protest of the bill drawn on the French
Government by the Treasury Department.
By Mr. White, of Florida:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House what progress has been
made in the repairs of the fort, and the construc-
tion of the sea-wall, at St Augustine, Florida;
and what further sum will be required to com-
plete the same; with the report and estimate of
the engineer charged with that work.
By Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the causes
which have retarded the issuing patents in favor
of claimants to lands in the State of Louisiana,
which have been confirmed by virtue of the dif-
ferent acts of Congress which have been passed
for the adjustment of land claims within the said
State.
By Mr. Ewing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit, or cause to be transmitted,
to this Bouse, a list of all such land claims here-
tofore noted by, or presented to, the commission-
ers authorized to receive and adjust the same, as
may have been decided unfavorably, and not yet
satisfied,  in  the Vmconnes land  district, with
the foundation of the claims and the decisions in
brief, and such documents in relation to the sub-
ject-matter, as he may control and deem proper.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Foster, was taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to this House
(if not, in his opinion, incompatible with the pub-
lic interest,) any communication or correspond-
ence which may have taken place between our
Minister at Paris and the French Government,
or between the Minister from France to this Gov-
ernment and the Secretary of State, on the sub-
ject of the refusal of the French Government to
make provision for the execution of the treaty
concluded between the United States and Prance
on the 4th of July ,-1831.
Mr. FOSTER said that he understood the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs had recently received
a communication from the Secretary of State on
the subject embraced in the resolution, and that
additional information was expected by that com-
mittee. He would, therefore, move to lay the
resolution on the table for the present; which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of oro-
viding by law that in the survey of the coast of
the United States, now in progress, the latifudes
and longitudes of every light-house be carefully
ascertained and published, and that no new light-
house sriall hereafter be erected, till a report is
made in respect to its public benefit by the two
collectors and the commander of the navy-yard
nearest the proposed site, in conformity with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury
in his annual report on the state of the finances.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation fora light-house on Paw-
poose Squaw Point, a place near to, but below,
the port of Bristol, in the State of Rhode Island;
and that the petition and papers relative to the
same, presented at the last session, be again re-
ferred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was
Resolved, That the report from the Secretary
of the Treasury, in relation to the bridge across!
the Potomac, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. BURGES offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
Department be directed to send to this House, in
afabular form, the amount of money paid into
the marine hospital fund by all seamen in the
mercantile'service in the district of Providence,
in the district of Newport, and in the district of
Bristol, respectively, in the Rhode Island district,
from the. commencement of the.present Govern-
ment of the United States, up to the time when
that fund was by law placed at the disposal of the
President. Also, the like amount, in like form,
paid by said seamen after that time and before
the commencement of the year 1828; and, also,
the like amount, in like form, paid since that
time; together with the several sums expended
in each of said districts, respectively, for the re-
lief of sick and disabled seamen; showing the
balance due to or from said fund in each of said
districts, respectively, at the several times afore-
said, if any, and how the same may have been
disposed of.                        '
On motion of Mr. HARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation to construct a
pier in the Niagara river, near Young's Town,
in the State of New Yoik.
On motion of Mr. BINNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law lor designating jurors to serve m
the courts of the United States, in each State,
according to the mode now practiced in the high-
est courts of law in the respective States.
On motion of Mr. BURD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing  the pension  of William  Kelhr,
fo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
of Bedfoid county, Pennsylvania, late an officer
of the At my of the United States, so as to giant ¡
him a  pension  from   the   time  when  he  was ,
wounded, or to allow him the pension of a com-
missioned officer wounded m said seivice.             |
The following íesolution, offcied by Mr.'Mc-
KENWAN, was ordend to he on the table one
day:
Resoh ed, That the Secre tary of War be dn ected
to uansimt to this House any communication
he may have íecened from the commissioner
appointed by the States of Maiyland, Pennsyl-
\a na, and Virginia, to leceive the portions
of the Cumbeiland road withi i the limits of
those States lespectively, and to erect toll gates
theieou, and to furnish an estimate of the amount
of money which may be neoessary to complete
the íepaus of the said road, agieeably to the íe-
quisitions of the laws of saufStates which have
iceeived the assent of Congiess Also that he m-
foim the House what is the condition of the
masomy on tht load, how. many mchi s of motal
have bton put on that pait of it which has been
located anew, undo the act of Congiess, and upon
that pan which hesbetwem the Monongahela
and Ohio uveis And also what depth of metal
is, in his opinion,ncccssaiy to make apetmanent
and substantial load upon the plan which has
been adopted in its rcpau, by tht Depai tment.
On motion of Mi C1IINN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice
be instiuUtd to inqune into the expedienty of
placing a floating light at flagged Point, on the
Potomac nvti, and also a floating light on Bon-
lei \ Rock, on the Rappahannock mei
On motion of Mi SPEIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads bi mstiuctcd to inqune into
the exptditncy of i stablislung a post loult fiom
Beaufort, by Portsmouth, to Onacoke Island, in
the State of Noith Cat olma
On motion of Mi. WILLIAM B SHEPARD,
It was
Rl ohed, That the momonal and other docu-
ments iclating to Roanoke Inlet, now on the files
of this House, and hitheito nt\er defa ntely acttd
on, be committed to tht Committee onCommi \c(,
with mstiuctions to inqune into the expediency
of a suivey of said mli t
On motion of Mi ÜEBFRRY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Ri volutionaiy
Pi nsions be mstiutttd to inqune into tin oxpe-
didity of so amending tin pension act of 7th June,
1832,as to exttnd its piovisions to aitisans and
wagoners who wi rt ( mployi d in tht publiosei-
vice in the ltvolutiontiy wai.
The following lesolution,offered by Mi WIL-
LIAMS, was oidcn d to lie on the table for one
day:
Resohed, That the Secictary of the Tieasury
bt duccttd to cominunuate to this House the
number of luid offices and land distutts in the
United States, tin time when tiny weit estab-
lished lespectively, tlio quantity of land sold 01
Hamming unsold, and the amount of money
itcuved in each disltitt, and the expense of
keeping up the land system m tath State wheio
it exists.
On motion of Mi BARRINGER, it was
Raohed, That the munoinl of R. M Suin-
deis and others, on behalf of the justices of the
court of common pitas and quaitei sessions
for tht county oi Wikt, m the State of Noith
Oaiolin i, piaymg foi an appiopnifion of a sum
of mom j in aid of building a touit-housi in the
city of Raleigh, foi tht au ommodiuon of the
intuit touit of tht Uiut< d States foi said dis-
trict, md leftried to the Judicial v Committee at
the last sission,bt again íeftntd to said com-
mittee.
On motion of Mi PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the usual number of copies of
the report of the Naval Committee, piesenti d at
the last stasion,r< spccting tht establishment of a
naval depot at Cn ulestou, South Caiolnm, with
ah tht accompanying documents, bt pnnttd for
tht use of this House
Mi PINCKNEY, by consent, submitted the
following resolution.
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Navy be
requested  to communicate to this House any
papers or documents in his possession, not hith-
eito communicated, lelating to the establishment
of a naval depot at Chaileston, South Carolina
On motion of Mi ALLAN„of Kentucky, it
was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
gianting to Tiansyhama University a township
of the public lands.
On motion of Mi. PATTERSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commei ce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
st! ucting a beacon lightat the mouth of Sandusky
bay, in the State of Ohio, and that the petitions
presented at the last session on that subject bt
lefened to that committee.
On motion of Mr POLK, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Indian AfTans
be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
allowing inteitst on the amount of aclaim gianted
to the legal repiesentattves of James Brown, do-
ceased, at the last session of Congiess
On motion of Mi JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instiucted to inqune into the expediency of
making an appiopnation to lommc the obstiuc-
tions to the navigation of \essels in the iner La
Fouehe, in the State of Louisiana, and to deepen
th< haiboi at the mouth of that nvti
On motion of Mi. LANE, it was
Rewhed, That the Committee on Revolution-
aiy Pensions be instructed to inqune into the
expediency of placing the name of William Ken ,
of Dearborn county, indiuii, a íevolutionaiy
soldioj , on the pension^ioll.
On motion of Ml   McCARTY, it was
Reiohed, That tht Committee on Roads and
Canals be instiucted to mquiu into the expedi-
enty of a giant of each alteiñatc st etion of the
unappi opi lated public land on each side of a road
leading fiom Lawiencebuig, by Foit Wayne, in
Indiana, to White Pigeon, in Michigan Tcrntoi y,
to be applied to the consti uction of said load, and
also of alikoappiopnation foraioad leading fiom
Oxfoid,in Ohio, by Libcity, Mibon, New Castle,
Muncytown, and the Foiks of the Wabash, in
Indiana, to Lake Michigan, in Michigan Tem-
toiy, at or near the mouth of the Big St Joseph
nvcr.
On motion of Mr KINNARD, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Pnvatt Land
Claims be instiucted to inqune into tht expedi-
ency of making piovision by law foi lefundmg
to pinchaseis of the public lands the oveiplus of
puithase money paid by them in cases wheie it
shall appear to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of the Geneial Land Office that theie is a
deficiency in the numbei of acres patented to such
purchaseis.
On motion of Mr MAY, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instiucted to inqune into the expediency of
extending the light of preemption to all peisons
now settled upon, oi tint may heieafter btcome
sttthis upon, any of the public lands of tht Uni-
ted States not heietofort ofFeied at public sale
Mi CLAY, by consent, moved the following
íesolution.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasuiy
be directed to lepoit to this House—
1st Whit quantity of public land has been
ofleied at public sale m the several States and
Temtoiies
2d What poition it minis unsold, and subject
to pnvate tntiy, in th,. States and Tenitories
iespe< tnelj, and how long tht same has been so
subject in each
3d. What portion of the public land, offered
and not sold at auction, has since been bought at
pnvate sale
4th What quantity of public ¡and has been
sold, and for what sum, m each ytai, fiom the
year 1822 inclusive
5th And the numbei of acies in each State
and Terntoiy, the numbei sold, in each, and the
amount recen ed theiefoi
On motion of Mi  MFRPHY, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to mqune into the expediency of
erecting a laigei and moie suitable light house at
Mobile Point, it being found, as is alleged, that
the present light-house is too small to secute the
safe and speedy entiance of vessels into Mobile
bay.
On motion of Mi ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instiucted to inquire into the expediency of allow-
ing diawbacks on all goods, waics,and meichan-
dise of foreign giowth and manufacture, subject
to the payment of duties, tianspoittd by land
thiough the lntenoi of the United States to the
Mexnan piovinces. And also upon meichan-
dise of foieign manufactuie, intondtd foi Indian
tiade west of the Rocky Mountains, and within
the supposed limits of the terntoiy oi the United
States And that the said committee be instiucted
to mquue into the expediency of establishing a
poit of entry at Port Independence, in the county
of Jackson, Missoim.
On motion of Mi GARLAND, it was
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Public Lands
be mst'ucted to inquire into the expediency of
piovidmg by law foi the adjustment of the titles
foi lands in the State of Louisiana, claimed under
giants to the Buon Bastrop, the Maiquis deMai-
son Rouge, Samuel Davenpoit, and otheis
On motion ef Mi. LYON, of Michigan Tem-
toiy, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on R.oads and
Canals be instiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of laying out and consti ucting a road through
the public lands of the United States, fiom Foit
Giatiot, at the foot of Lake PJuron, to the lapids
of Grand nvei, and from the mouth of Milwaukee
nvei, on the west side of Lake Michigan, to some
suitable point on the Ouisconsm oi Mississippi
livers,
Mr CHILTON submitted the following reso-
lution-
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals bo instiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of extending a lateral branch of the gieat
national load, usually called the Cumberland
road, diveiging therefiom at some suitable point
in the State of Ohio, passing thence through the
States of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Alabama, in
the dnection to New Oiltans, in the State of Lou-
isiana.                                  •
The question being taken on agieemg thereto,
it was decided in the negative—yeas 68, nays 116,
as follows
YEAS—Messis John a Adams, Chilton Al-
lan, William Allen, Ashley, Banks, Baimtz,
Baylies, Beaty,Binney, Elan, Boon, Bnggs,Bull,
Bulges, Casey, Chancy, Chilton, William Claik,
Coulter, Crane, Ciockett, Amos Davis, Denny,
Evans, Edwaid E\eiett, Hoiace Eveiett, Ewmg,
Fillmore,Gailand, Hard, Haidm, James Haiper,
Htwes, Hazeltine, Janes, William C. Johnson,
Richard M. Johnson, Hemy Johnson, Lane,
Letchei, Love, Lucas, Martindale, McCaity,
MtKciman, Mclvim, Mercei, Milligar, Miner,
Robeit Mitchell, Dutee J* Ptaice, Philhps, Pope,
Potts, Reed, Reynolds, Sladc, Sloane, Steele,
Philemon Tnomas, Tompkins, Tuinei, Vance,
Vinton, Watmough, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilson,
and Young—68
NAYS- Messis John Adams, Anthony, Aich-
ei, Baioci, Bairmgei, Bealc, Bean, Beaid-,loy,
Biown, Bums, Bynum, Cambielcng, Campbell,
Carr, Chambeis,Chimi,Claiboinc,SamutlClaik,
Claj, Clowney, Connoi, Ciamer, Day, Deben y,
Ditkeison, Dickinson, Fcldei, Ftms, Fores'ti,
Fostu,Fowlei,PhiloG Fuller, William K Ful-
lei, Fulton, Galbraith, Gamble, Gholson, Gillet,
Gilinei, Goid*i, Giaham, Gnffin, Jostph Hall,
Thomas H Hall, Halscy, Joseph M Haiptr,
Hamson, Hawkins, Htndtison, Howell, Hub-
baid, Inge, William Jack&on, Jaivib, Noadiah
Johnson, Cive Johnson, Kuanigh, Kilj;ore,
King, Kinnaid, Lirsmg, Lipoito, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lpc, Loyall, Abqah Mann, Toil K
Mann, Manning, M udis, John Y M tson, Moses
Alison, Mj.y, Mcliituc, McKinlcy, McLem ,
McVean, Millei, Hcniy Mitchell, Mooie, Moi-
gan, Muhlenbeig, Muiphy, Osgood, Parks, Pai-
kti, Patton, Patterson, Peyton, Pickens, Fiank-
lm Pitite, Picrson, Pinckney, Polk, Ramsay,
Renchci, Robeitsun, Schley, Slimn, Smith.
Speight, Standefer, William P Tayloi. Francis
Thomas, Thomson, Tiumbull, Tuuill, Tweedy,
Van  Ilouten, Wagenor,  Waidwell,  Webster,
1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<Si
White,  'Frederick  Whittlesey,  Williams,   and
Wise—11C.
Mr. CROCKETT submitted the following; reso-
lution; which was rejected without a count:
Rewired, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire, and report to this
House, whether the improvement of the naviga-
tion of Obion, Fork Deer, and Hatche rivers,
would be a national object, and if so, what would
be the probable cost of removing the obstructions
to the head of navigation of said rivers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of abolishing- imprisonment for debt.
Mr J. asked the favor of the House to permit
him to make a very few remarks in explanation
of his course on this subject, and in elucidation
of the measure which he had presented for con-
sideration. He remarked, that, notwithstanding
his deep anxiety in relation to this subject, he
had confined his proposition to the District of
Columbia; the inquiry might very naturally be
made, why he did not embrace the whole United
States, as far as the States could be embraced;
for it would be obvious to all, thatany law which
Congress could pass must be confined to the
Federal courts and parties therein. It was not
within the delegation of our powers to legislate
for the State courts and parties therein. Air. J.
said, he had earnestly pursued this subject for
seven years, while a member of the Senate and
of this House, and he bad used his influence in
vain in attempting to induce Congress to abol-
ish imprisonment for debt. His next object was
to obtain an act of Congress, by which the State
laws on this subject should govern and control the
Federal courts in the respective States. Con-
gress yielded this point; we succeeded; and the
execution laws of the States govern the Federal
courts, whether forgood or for evil. This placed
all the States upon State sovereignty and upon
equality with each other. Kentucky had totally
exempted her citizens from imprisonment for
debt, and her law has become the law of the
Federal Judiciary within her own boundary. Let
other States do likewise, if they please. This
humane principle towards debtors was progress-
ing slowly, but, he hoped, surely; and he would
be mistaken if the savage principle were not in a
little time expunged from the code of civilized
nations. He believed Kentucky had done what
no other State in the.Union liad done. She had
abolished the ca. sa., the only writ which could
take the body of the debtor. Imprisonment for
debt was totally and absolutely abolished. There
was no condition or contingency upon which the
body of a debtor could be arrested and imprisoned.
In other States, where this same humane and
liberal spirit prevailed, he regretted extremely
to discover that imprisonment for debt was to be
abolished conditionally, except iii cases of fraud,
not absolutely, as it should he. Mr. J. consid-
ered that very little bad been done where im-
prisonment was abolished upon this or any other
condition. The ways and the means would al-
ways be devised, and will be found out, some
how, to make the abolition of imprisonment for
debt nominal, and thus, under the idea of aboli-
tion, the savage principle is retained in its full
vigor. He contended for absolute and total abo-
lition. His own State, the State of Kentucky,
had acted upon this principle about fourteen
years, ever since 18:21, and the system met with
universal approbation. Kentucky has nobyet
found the necessity of passing laws against fraud-
ulent debtors. Whenever it shall be necessary,
let the crime and its punishment be defined, and
made a part of the criminal code, and not a pai t of
civil proceedings. He believed he might say with
truth that, under the present humane system of
Kentucky, thousands, and tens of thousands, of
dollars more had been paid in the discharge of debts
than would have been under the former barbarous
custom. He said that nomember of the House,
and no citizen of the United States, could imagine
the extent of misery and distress which this
cruel and unreasonable system was now pro-
ducing, slowly, but positively, in the several States
of the Union, although the system was generally
mild compared with what it had been in former
timfes, unless he had access to the annual report of
a benevolent society in Boston, which had kindly
furnished him with their report for the last six
or seven years. If he had the time, and it was
in order, ho would present facts relative to the
subject that would make us blush for our free in-
stitutions in this respect. But to return to his
proposition: it was confined to this District. The
citizens of the place had no legislative power.
Congress had the exclusive legislative jurisdic-
tion of the District, by a grant of power in the
Federal Constitution, and he wished the princi-
ple early established in the history of our coun-
try, that no person should bo imprisoned for debt
within the ten-miles square. He had no doubt
(he said) upon his own mind, that stronger reasons
could be given for abolishing imprisonment for
debt within the District of Columbia than any equal
portion in the United- States, arising from the
nature of the occupations of its inhabitants, the
character of the population, the disfranchisement
of its citizens, and other obvious reasons and
considerations; and a law to abolish imprison-
ment for debt would give all parties—the cred-
itor and the debtor—a notice and a warning
which would be beneficial to all concerned.
In conclusion he would remark, that he had
purposely excluded the States, and confined his
proposition to this District, from a conviction
that Congress would not absolutely abolish im-
prisonment for debt; and unless that was done,
no law upon that subject could pass without in-
jury to his own State, by giving to the Federal
courts a system of executions less liberal, less
humane, and less just, than the system now gov-
erning State and Federal courts within Kentucky.
He felt bound, therefore, to attempt nothing that
would prejudice the citizens of his own State,
while all the States were equally free to adopt her
policy.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McKINLEY submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to bring in a bill to reduce the price
of the public lands to seventy-five cents an acre;
and all lands which have been offered for sale and
remain unsold for more than five, and less than
ten years, to fifty cents an acre; and all lands
which have been offered for sale and remain un-
sold for more than ten and less than fifteen years,
to twenty-five cents an acre; and all lands which
have been offered'for sale and remain unsold for
more than fifteen and less than twenty years, to
twelve and a half cents an acre; and all lands
which have been offered for sale and remain un-
sold more than twenty years and less than
twenty-five years to six and one fourth cents an
acre; and all lands which have been offered for
sale and remain unsold for more than twenty-five
years, to become the property of the States in
which they lie respectively; and all persons who
reside on the public land, and shall have cul-
tivated any portion thereof for one or more years,
to have the right of preemption of one quarter
section, at the price above fixed upon, the class
to which it may belong m the foregoing scale of
graduation.
Mr. WILLIAMS said that there was a bill
pending before the House which embraced the
principles contained in the resolution. It was a
subject of great importance. He saw no propri-
ety m thus prematurely anticipating the action of
the House on the bill; and believing that the dis-
cussion of the resolution at this time would be
time misspent, he moved to lay it on the table;
but he withdrew the motion at the requestof
Mr. McKINLEY, who remarked, that he had
no objection to postpone the consideration of his
resolution for the present, and have it punted.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wil-
liams] was mistaken in supposing that the sub-
stance of his motion was embraced 'in the bill
referred to. He proposed to reduce the price of
all public lands. The bill provided for the grad-
uation of the price of certain lands. The resolu-
tion would bring the subject before the House in
all its aspects. It would test and settle the prin-
ciples and policy of the Government on this ím
portant subject. There was no longer any neces-
sity of considering this matter in reference to
revenue. So far as any pledges had been made,
in regard to the public debt and finances, they
had been redeemed. The question now was,
what should be the future settled policy of the
Government in the disposition of the public lands
—whether or not the poor and indigent should be
allowed to purchase homes upon low and reason-
able terms ? His constituents were interested to
a considerable extent in this matter. He had no
desire to interfere with the bill which had been
alluded to, but he trusted the House would have 
no objection to postpone the consideration of his
motion to a given time—say this day week.
Mr. WILLIAMS had no wish to forestall any
discussion of the subject. He was in favor of a
full and free investigation of it. It must sooner
or later (and perhaps at the present session) be
disposed of. His only object was to prevent a
premature discussion. If wo came to a decision
on the resolution, we must again review the sub-
ject when the bill shall come up.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. McKni-
lev] supposed that, in consequence of the extin-
guishment of the public debt, some final disposi-
tion of the subject of the public lards should be
made. If the gentleman could prove that we
should, not, in future, want anymore revenue,
we might act on the subject without fear or trem-
bling. TheTreasury was said to be full, (although
the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Clayton, had
indicated a very different opinion,) but, in case
of war, he would ask if we would not be com-
pelled to look to the public lands as a necessary
source of revenue ? Upon what other fund could
we so readily rely, as the proceeds of the sales
of the public domain ? He was decidedly in favor
of the present land system. With a view to bring
up the whole subject at the same time, he moved
to postpone the resolution to the 1st day of Jan-
uary, (the day fixed for the consideration of the
bill in relation to the public lands.)
Mr. CLAY thought it premature to enter into
a discussion of the merits of the subject. He
was in favor of the motion to print, and also that
the resolution should be postponed for one week.
If, at the expiration of that time, gentlemen should
desire a further postponement, the House, if it
thought proper, could so order.
Mr. McKINLEY- presumed that gentlemen
would be prepared to act on the subject in the
course of one week. If, however, that should
not be the case, he would not object to a further
postponement to any reasonable time.
Mr. WILLIAMS had no objection to print the
resolution. He did not wish to be taken by sur-
prise on this subject, (he would not, however,
charge the mover of the resolution with any such
intention.) He thought the 1st of January would
be the most proper time for the consideration of
the subject.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the bill, in re-
lation to the public lands, was in •the hands of
the Land Commit tee, or upon the Speaker's table?
On being informed that it was in the House, and
had been made the special order for the 1st day
of January, he suggested to the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Williams] to vary his
motion so as to refer the resolution to the same
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Uniondo which the bill had been referred.^
Mr. WILLIAMS said he heartily acquiesced
in the suggestion just made; and, thus modified,
his motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, inclosing, in pursu-
ance of a resolution, a report and documents in
relation to the expenditures heretofore made for
objects of internal improvements; which, on
motion of Mr. Briggs, was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, made pur-
suant to a resolution, specifying the aggregate
amount of revenue collected on imported mer-
chandise, tonnage, &c, in each State of the
Union, for the year 1833; which was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in response to a resolution of the House, in
relation to the effect, &c, of the modification of
the tariff in certain particulars; which, on motion
of Mr. Polk, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
On ¡notion of Mr. WARD., the House then
adjourned.
32                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 12.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 12, 1834.
  Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Mr. HALL, of Mame;
Messrs. GORHAM and PHILLIPS, of Mas-
sachusetts;
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont;
Messrs. WHITE, WARD, ADÁMS, TUR-
*R1LL, and WARDWELL, of New York;
Mr. HEATH, of Maryland;
Messrs. PATTON, CH1NN, TAYLOR,
LOYALL, WILSON, MASON, and GORDON,
of Virginia:
Mr. GAMBLE, of Georgia;  '
Messrs. JOHNSON and CHILTON, of Ken-
tucky;
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee;
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Mr. LYON, of Michigan;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Mr. LANE, of Indiana;
Which memorials and petitions were appro-
priately referred
REPORTS  FROM  COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military AlFairs, icported a bill allow-
ing further time for issuing and locating certain
military land warrants; which was read twice,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution in relation
to ihe location of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, in the ucimty of Harper's Ferry; which
was read twice, and, after some explanations by
Messrs. THOMSON, MERCER, and McKIM,
postponed to Monday.
Mr. HUNCH, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Uuford; which was read twice and committed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Bt!itoi:s was taken up, and its further considera-
tion postponed till Monday next.
The following resolution,'submitted yesterday
by Mr. McKennan, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to this House any communication he
may have received from the commissioners ap-
pointed by the States of Mary land,Pennsylvania,
and Virginia, to receive portions of the Cumber-
laud road within the limits of those States respect-
ively, and to erect toll-gates thereon, and to
furnish an estimate of tile amount of money which
may lie necessary to complete the repairs of the
said road, agreeably to the requisition of the laws
of said States, which have rec.eiv.ed the assent of
Congress. Also, that he inform the House what
is the condition of the masonry on the road, how
many inches of metal have been put on that part
of it which has been located anew, under the act
of Congress, and upon that part of it which lies
between the Monongshela and Ohio rivers. And
also what depth of metal is, in his opinion, neces-
sary to make a permanent and substantial road
upon the plan which has been adopted m ltff repair
by the Department.
Mr. McK. submitted the following as a modi-
fication of his u'solution; which was agreed to; ¡
and thus modified, the resolution was adopted:     i
" And also, that ho furnish this House with a i
copy of the instructions which were given by the ¡
Department to the Superintendent, as the manner
in which the repairs upon that road should be
made."
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Williams, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury I
be directed to communicate to this House the i
number of land offices and land districts in the |
United States; the time when they were estab- ¡
lished respectively; the quantity of land sold, or ',
remaining unsold; and the amount of money!
received in each district; and the expense of keep- !
ing up the land system in each State where it !
exists.                                                                          |
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved to!
amend the proposition by adding the words," and '
Territories," after the word " State;" which was !
agreed to; when the resolution was adopted.       I
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was ordered,
that when the House adjourns it will adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island, offered the
following resolution; which, under the rule of the
House, lies one day on the table:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the report of Cal-
ender Irvine, commissary general of purchases,
made in October or November, 1820, upon the
claim of David Cooke, of Philadelphia, for money
furnished by said Cooke for powder furnished by
the authority of the United States.
On motion of Mr. WARDWELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee ru Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing bylaw for iheerection>of a light-house
at Big Sandy creek, in Lake Ontario, county of
Jefferson, and State of New York.
On motion of Mr. HAZELTINE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation for a beacon light at Silver
Creek harbor, on Lake Erie, in tho State of New
York, and that the petition and papers relative to
the same, presented at the last session of the last
Congress, be again referred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, of New York, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
extending in all cases, to parties in suits, com-
menced in the circuit courts of the United States,
or m any district court having jurisdiction of a
circuit court, where rights claimed under patents
issued under law of the United States shall come
in question, the right to a writ of error or appeal.
On motion of Mr. GALBRAVTH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a port of entry at  Olean Point, on the
Alleghany liver, in the State of New York.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That   so much   of tho   President's
message at the opening of tho present session of
Congress as relates to the subject of internal im-
provements, be referred  to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
malting an appropriation for the erection of a
custom-house in the town of Newborn, North
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing the building in the city of Charleston,
recently occupied as a banking-house by the
Bank of South Carolina, to be used as a Federal
court-house; and that they also inquire into the
expediency of increasing the compensation of the
United States Attorney for the district of South
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. BEATY, it was
Resolved,   That  the   Committee   on   the   Post
Office and Post Roads  be instructed  to inquire
into the expediency of changing the present mail
route, leading from Williamsburg, Whitley coun-
ty, to London, Laurel comity, Kentucky, so as
to pass  through Portageville, at the mouth of
Laurel, in the said county of Whitley.
On motion of Mr. HAWES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing Morgantown, on Green river, in the county
of Butler, and State of Kentucky, a port of en-
try.
On motion of Mr LYON, of Kentucky, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing an agency for payiii" pen-
sions, south of Green river, in the State of°Ken-
tueky.                '
On motion of Mr. PEYTON, it was
Resolved,  That the  Committee  on  the  Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed  to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post route
i from the town of Monroe, via Locust Shade, in
I Overton county, Tennessee, Colma, in Jackson
| county, Tennessee,and by Garret Moore's,Ten-
I nessee, to Tompkmsville, Kentucky.
!     On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
|     Resolved, That tho petitions referred at the last
! session of Congress to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, praying for the construction of a
road from Lower Sandusky to the bound 7yVine
established at the treaty of Gvsenville, be a<?ain
referred to the said co/nmittee, and that they be
instructed tc inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing the same.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what further ap-
propriation may be necessary to complete the
improvement of the Choctaw Pass, in the harbor
of Mobile.
I     Mr. LEWIS submitted the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing any settler on lands reserved by the
Government in obedience to Indian treaties, or
otherwise, who settled such lands before such re-
servation was selected, and who, by reason of
such reservation, was deprived of the benefits of
the preemption law of 1834, to enter, with the
proper officer in said land district, two quarter
sections of any public lands in such district, at
the price of twenty-five cents per acre.
Resolved, That said committee further inquire
into the expediency of authorizing any person
who has cultivated or improved public lands, in
the year 1834, to enter not exceeding tapo quar-
ter sections of any public lands in his respective
land district, bv paying to the proper officer fifty
cents per acre for such land, within twelve months
from the 4th of March next: Provided, Such in-
dividual shall designate said lands before the re-
gister of tho proper land office by the 1st day of
June next.
Resolved, That said committee further inquire
into the expediency of authorizing any citizen of
the United States,-making oath that it is his in-
tention to settle any portion of the public lands,
and who shall actually settle and improve the
same for one year, at the end of such period to
enter not exceeding two quarter sections, by pay-
ing into the land office fifty cents per acre, if such
public lands have been offered for public sale
within five years, and still remain unsold, and
twenty-five cents per acre, in case said lands have
been offered for public sale, and have remainedun-
sold for a longer period than five years.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that the whole subject
embraced in the resolutions was already referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order for the first of
January. He hoped, therefore, that the mover
would consent to have his resolutions similarly
committed.
, Mr. LEWIS said, he had presented a mere
matter of inquiry, which he hoped would be per-
mitted to take the usual course. He preferred
that the subject should go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MERCER called for a division of the ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolutions.
[   _ Mr. CLAY could see no objection to theadop-
| tion of the resolutions. Anoivpractice.itseemed,
■ was attempted, by referring evei y thing regarding
tile public lands broadly to the Committee of the
Whole. He objected to such a course, unless the
House should first abolish the Committee   on
Public Lands.    He did not understand the motive
j which seemed to govern gentlemen in  this par-
' ticular.   This was certainly not the place for this
i subject to be first examined  and discussed.    It
j was unusual, and ho hoped that the resolutions of
j his colleague would be adopted.
i     Mr. CHILTON viewed the subject as one of
| great importance.    lie was opposed to the adop-
I tion of the resolutions.    If gentlemen were pre-
pared to surrender the public domain, the propo-
sition  of the   gentleman   from  Alabama   [Mr.
Lewis] would be found a very convenient step-
ping-stone.    He owed it to his constituents and
| his country-to oppose with might and main every
| measure of the kind.    He was not opposed to the
I honest occupant, but he objected to the practice
E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.    '
PHI N TED  AND   PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF   W A.SHINGTOÑ7 "¿Y  BLAIR  &  RIVE si
Second Session, 23d Congress.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 22,1834.
Volume 2....No: 3.
of persons, who, in defiance of law, entered upon
the public Jand.s, with the view of obtaining from
Congress undue advantages, to wiiich they were
not untitled. He should vote for referring the
resolutions to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, said, the reso-
lutions hud tlin-u objects. The first was a re-
duction of the price of the public lands, the sec-
ond regarded pieemption rights to actual settlers;
and the tinrd proposed a new class of cases—to
giaiit preemption lights to those who signify an
intention t<< become setilers. He considered the two
forme - pom is already properly referred, and as to
the third proposition it ought not to be seriously
outortamed by the House. He therefoie moved
to lay the resolutions on the table; but withdrew
the motion at the request of
Mr. CLAY, who desired to correct a misap-
prehension, The proposition of his colleague ¡
[.Mr. Lewis] had been assimilated to the one i
offered by another colleague [Mr. McKiinLey] ¡
on yesteiday. This was not the fact. The one
|iio posed an inquiry; the other was an instruc- j
tiou to the Laud Committee to bring in a bill of a .
specific character.
Mr.-LEWIShad examined the several propo-
sitions which had already been refeired, regaid-
iug the public lands.    They were not identical
with thp one which he had proposed.    He had '
proposed  an  inquiry in   the  usual  mode.    By i
voting for the inquiry, no member would beeom- I
rmlteü ¡a regard to the measures which might be
recommended by the Laud Committee.    They i
woeild be at liberty to oppose any such measure. >
It was the  only method whereby he could bring
ins proposition before the   House.    It had  been
said   that one  branch of the proposed  mquny ,
eliould not be entertained by the House.    It was
certainly no reflection upon this House, nor was
itextravagaut in  its teims—not as much so as
one which was presented yesterday.    It had ref-
erence to lands which  had already been offered
i'or sale.    He hoped  that inquiry would not be
stifled, and that courtesy at least would induce
gentlemen to allow his proposition to go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr."REED said the gentleman last up supposed
that the adoption of his resolutions was the only
mode by winch he could reach his object. He
v.j3 mistaken. Tin1 bill would bring up the
whole-subject, and if it did not suit the gentle-
man's views, he could offer an amendment em-
bracing his present, or any other proposition. It
\eis not customary to ask a committee to alter
their own bill. The usual practice was to effect
that object oy offering amendments.
Mr. 'WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, reminded the
House that this day was  set apart by the roles
for the consideiauon of private bills.   He there- i
lore moved to proceed with the orders of the day;
which was agreed to—yeas 09, nays 51.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in-
closing (pursuant to a resolution of the House)
sundry documents in relation to the destruction
ol'tbc'latc Treasury building by fire.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the said communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on the Public
ijjildmgs.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury:
Treasury Department,
December 12, 1834.
In obedience to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, passed the 11th instant,
•'That the Secretary of the Treasury be di- j
'rected to communicate to the House of Rcpre- j
'semotives, as soon as practicable, copies'of the ¡
'correspondence, not heretofore communicated, j
' which has taken place between him and the pies- ¡
'ulent of the Bank of the United States, on the .
'subject of the branch drafts, and in relation to ¡
'the claim made by the bank for damages, and I
' the course pursued by that institution on account>
' of the protest of the bi'l drawn on the French
' Government by the Treasury Department:"
I have the honor to report, that the only cor-
respondence on those subjects not heretofore
communicated to Congress, which has taken
place between the President of the Bank of the
United States and this Department, consists on
his part of two letters, one received here on the
28ih, and the other on the 30th ultimo.
That which related to the damages and the
course pursued by the bank on account of the
protest of the bill drawn on the French Govern-
ment, being deemed of most public importance,
has been answered, and copies of his letter, and
the reply of this Department, are herewith com-
municated.
The other letter related to the late circular from
the Treasury, declining to receive the branch
crrafts in payment of the public dues after the
close of the present year; and as it wished the
Department distinctly to " understand it is not at
all against the measure itself, but only the reasons
assigned for it, that any objection is- made,"
'there did not seem to be much public necessity
for hastening a reply. But as soon as the great
pressure of the currentbusinessin this office may
permit, one shall be completed, and copies of both
transmitted to the House of Representatives.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obeditnt servant,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Bell,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Bank of the United States,
*                                Aoremiier 28, 1834.
Sir: Your favor of the 13th of July last reached
the bank during my absence; and finding on my
return that my letters addressed to you at Wash-
ington had been published in the newspapers of
Nashville, it seemed useless to prolong a discus-
sion which could only inflame the passions of
tire country in the midst of its elections. I have,
therefore, forborne to answer your letter until the
time had passed for the repetition of a similar
appeal from the laws.
The whole case appears to be exceedingly
simple. There is a difference of opinion between
the Treasury and the bank about the damages on
a bill of exchange. This is a matter of account
which depends on the existing laws, and the acts
of Congress provide specifically before what tri-
bunal, and in what manner, the question must be
tried. Thus, by the act of the 3d of March,
1797, it is provided that, if any person account-
able for public money fails to pay it, "it shall be
' the duty of the comptroller, and he is hereby
.' required, to institute suit for the recovery of the
' same," and in such a suit " no claim for a credit
' shall be admitted upon trial, but such as shall
' appear to have been presented to the accounting
' officers of the Treasury for their examination,
' and by them disallowed in whole or in part."
The bank has accordingly presented its account
for damages, which has been disallowed. It lias
then retained a sufficient amount of public money
for the puipose, and invited a suit by the Treas-
ury, so as to bring the subject before the court.
It did this, and so stated it, " as the best if not
the only mode" of settling the question. But as
the money itself was an object of indifference to
the bank, which sought only to vindicate its own
rights, and the retaining it was a mere form to
comply with the act of Congress, the bank at the
same tune lequested, from the Secretary, to know
whether there was " any other mode of submit-
' ting the rights of the íespective parties to the
'judicial tribunals more acceptable" to him—and
would instantly have released the money on any
arrangement with the Treasury to bring the case
before the courts.
There is a still more summary process of ob-
taining a decision. By the act of Congress of
May 15, 1820, if the public money be withheld,
the First Comptroller of the Treasury can issue a
warrant of distress against the party in default,
who may then appeal to the courts of the United
otates.
Either of these courses is open to the Execu-
tive. It it chooses neither, the bank, havin - done
its duty, is content. Before the proper tribunal,
the bank will always be ready to prove,
1.   That the bill of exchange on the French
Government was drawn without the slightest au-
tnority whatever from that Government to draw
it.
2.   That the bank proposed to the Treasury to
collect the money as its agent—and not to pay it
until it was received from France, thus avoiding
the very embarrassment which has occurred; but
this the Treasury declined, and requested the im-
mediate payment by the bank as a purchaser.     -
3.   That of the money so paid by the bank the
whole wasimmediately appropriated by the Treas-
ury, and a part used in the current expenses of
the Government.        •
4.  That when the bill was protested in Paris,
as was inevitable, and the money paid by the
agents of the bank, to save the credit of the Treas-
ury, the claim of damages by the bank was an
indispensable act of duty, as that alone would
enable the Treasury to claim damages from the
French Government, which, if the Treasury had
any right to draw at all, was as much due as the
principal.
5.   That the universal and inflexible rule of the
Treasury is to make everyone pay damages; and
as it had required of the stockholders of the bank
to pay damages, when their bills sold to the
Treasury have boon protested, so should it now
pay damages to those stockholders, when they in
turn have bought a bill from the Treasury which
becomes protested.
All this will be made manifest whenever the
Treasury resorts to the proper tribunal. Until
then, it seems unjust to prejudge the question,
and quite fruitless to discuss it.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
N. B1DDLE, President.
Hon. Levi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington, D. C.
Treasury Department,
December 11, 1834.'
Sir: Your communication of the 28th ultimo,
acknowledging the receipt of my letter of the 13th
of July last, relative to the detention of the public
dividends by the Bank of the United States, was
duly received.
After a silence of more than four months,
coupled with the hostile position the bank had
assumed, it was supposed that you did not con-
template entering into further correspondence in
respect to this subject, and especially was it sup-
posed, that a correspondence would not be re-
sumed with an avowed view to any explanations
or new arrangements at so late a period—that
your communication could not reach this Depart-
ment till the day previous to that session ot
Congress to which you had been early apprised
a report %vould be made on thewhoie of the pro-
ceedings of the bank in this extraordinary trans-
action.
Presuming, therefore, that the bank ought to
have felt all the reluctance expressed in your let-
ter "to prolongadiscussion"onthatir«)is«ciio ,
which cannot but be admitted, from its unprece-
dented and unjustifiable character, was well calcu-
lated to " inflame the passions of the country,"'
and that this circumstance might naturally have
led to the postponement of a reply till after "the
elections,"yet no reason is assigned in your ex-
planation, whatever may be the reason conjec-
tured by others, for the failure to forward that
reply immediately after the popular elections had
terminated, and in season for a suitable examina-
tion of its contents before Congress convened.
But it would be unjust to the bank not to return
thanks for the very considerate sentiment ex-
pressed in your apology for the first delay—a wish
not " to prolong a discussion which would only
inflame the passions of the country in the midst of
its elections."   This Department regrets that so
34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
powerful a corporation—though perhaps unable
to restrain, and therefoie not so lesponsible for
the harangues of some of its advocates, on what-
ever days, places, 01 occasions—liad not, in us
own resolutions, íepoits of committees, and es
says and pamphlets, published by its  piesident,
under a vote " to cause to be pieptiod and encu
lated such documents and papers as may com-
municate to the people infoimation in lcgaid to
the nature and operations of the Eank"—eaiher
used a little mote cffoit to practice the same foi
bearance fiom attempting " to inflame the pas
sions of the countiy "   How fitly the Bank cm
now become the censor of the President 01  this
Depaitment for also communicating " to the peo
pie infoimation on the natme and operations of
the bank," and that infoimation consisting only
of official correspondence on both sides—must be
left to others to decide
Yom last letter having at length been leccived,
and having, asappears, been aheady sentto " the
newspapeis" by the bank, without waiting for a
reply, and before one, in the gieat piessme of
ímsmess at this, season, could be expected, its
contents are m some paiticulars found to be so
veiy extiaordinaiy in then tone, in their allu
sions, and assertions, that, eyijileasant, as the task
is, this Departmt nt has, undei all the encum
stances, felt constiained to submit such íemaiks
m íeíuion to them as aic deemed appiopriato,
and as seem imperatively to be requued The
bank may, thei tfoi e, su, i est assui ed, that though
youi lettei ailived so late as to pievuit the sub
mission of it to the Piesident liefoie piepanng
hi* annual message^ or to the Attorney Geneial
befoie Ins opinion was íequtsted on the case, and
as to depnve the undei signed from offering any
due comment on it in his report to Congress con-
cerning this subject, yet, in i elation to the affans
of which it tieats, an " appeal fiom the laws" has
ne\ei, as you appeal to ínümite, been made by
this .Department, noi is one in contemplation
Any such " appeal" is left to those who, without
the sanction of an appropriation by Congicss,oi
■without a legal picupt, su7c upon the public
property, md conveit it to then pnvite emolu
mtnt But, aftei a \ 10I ition ol the lights of the
UnitcdStatcs, and a divcisionof itsievenuc fiom
the Tieasiuy and th public scivice into the
vaults of tin, bank, if the 1 utci txjn ets that the
Chn f Executive Magisti ite of the Union, 01 the
Scoretaiy oí the Tuasuiy, will be silent, and not
commumcau, early aid full mloimatron com 11 n
nig the outiagc to the J eopl< md then íepiesent
ativis—md tint those pul lie ofhccis aie to be
detcired fiom tin dis hu_,i of a s ilcmn duty,
because the h ink entei tains an opinion, that mi h
acomse is an ' tpp alfioni tin iiws, youlnvi
yi t to Itain, that buhth cliiiictta of that Clin f
Magistiatc, and the obligations oí duty intei
tamed by this Depaitment, hive been breatly
misappn hinded
In piocciding to the othei contents of youi
letter", it is conceded with you, " that the whole
case ippcais exceedingly simple " The bulk
sets up a clum agunst tin Umtrd Stites It is
piesented and disillowid by the accounting offi
cei s, bee luse considi red m itself neitliei eqmt ible
nor legal, because it had neiei lecuved tin sine
Uon of tin United States by an appiopnation
and becausi, if just, no bian h of Un Govern
merit, except Cmgicss, had my Co istituti nal
powci to authoiiS   its paymint
Thpieupon the bank, inste id of lesorting to
Congiess for that stuition, p ooeeded withiut
it, and without any legil pu eept, to seize on th
dividends belonging to the United States and to
< (invert ih m to its puv ite use The vit il enor
of the bank on this subp et appears to h ivc been
m supposing tint the lieasui y ind its account
ing olhocis weic anything but mcie agents of
Congiess to supcunti id the settlement oí vl at
has been appiopnated It, on the solicitation of
the bank, or any mdividuil, howcvei poivcifu!,
they illowed 01 setth d anything else tlivnwhu
had been smetioned by an appiopiiafion,itwould
manifestly Le conniving it peculation, 01 a mis
application of the public monev It must be
well known to tin bank tl at Ine fust and piopei
ltiquny at the litasuiy to eveiy applicant is,
where is the appiopnation to pay the elaim'
And, next, whcie is the evidence ot Us conect
ness, under the appiopridlion  It seems íathei
unreasonable to insist  that the Treasuiy pos
sesses almost unlimited power when the bank
wants favois, but to deny to it almost all power
when apprehending dangei from it
Besides all the decisive reasons aigaiust the icp
íehensible conduct of the bank in thistiansaction,
which are contained in the late message of the
President, and in the opinion of the Attorney
Geneial, the bank, if it possesses, as has been
intimated, another contioveited claim against the
United States, for the removal of the public de
posits, might, on this principle, in ordei to dis
chaige it, or atone for any othei pietended wiong,
not only lefuse to pay over dividends, but refuse,
to the amount claimed, the payment of its notes
or bills received by the Tie isui y foi the public
revenue, and when this consideiation is weighed
it will íeadily be seen that the whole opeiations
of the Government in war and in peace, while, by
law, the notes of the bulk must be n ceived foi
the public levenue, are liable, at the pkasme of
the bank, to be paialyzed, and the public faith
thereby violated
After these objections,and when the common,
the equitable, and constitutional tubunal of Con
gress was, and still is, for the bank, is for all
other claimants against the Government similarly
situated, open foi a íesoit to obtain damages—it
is lamented, that the bank was so inconsidciately
advised as to appeal to this othei course, so novel,
aangeious, ind unneeessaiy, of seizing upon the
public levenue, as being in your opinion "the
best, if not only couise of settling the question "
You stite fui ther, that this has been done by the
bank only " to vindícete its own lights," when
no case is believed to exist where a peison not
leeeivingmoney as an officei or contiactor of the
Government, oi money not previously granted by
Congress undei soint special oi geneial appro
puation, (in which mode the bank did not receive
these dividends,) has evoi been able to "vindi
cate" Ins supposed "lights," by lotaimng the
money to met t any claims, however well founded,
against the Government and when application
by the bank foi relief in this case had never been
piesented to Congress, and refused, so*as to
furnish the slightest apology for being obliged,m
oider to piocuie redicss, to íesoit to this unusu-il
lcmedy
But if the views of the Department on this pio
(ceding be enoneous, much giatification would
be denved fiom having  the paiticulir act and
eluise quoted by the bmk, on which it íelns m
making the iss< ition, that " the letanung of this
money was a m( re foun to comply with tin ai t of
Congress "    This Depntment has not been so
fe i tun ite as to disc ov i any st itute, and much less
the one i ited of Mai eh 3, 1797, whnh if quaes
oí a claimant against the Government, that he
should, in a contioveited case, seize its property
in oidi i " to comply with the act of Congiess,"
noi any statute wlueh   iuthou/es, íecogmzcs, or
palhites such scmtic, in oider to foice the Gov
eminent into i l\w suit, md thus, thiough the
ag( ncy of the judici uy, attempt to effect the pay
mt nt of doubtful el inns, to which no money has
bcdiappiopiiiud, nor legislative sanctiongive n
The pioposition of the bmk to make some ai
umgc an it to have this question biought " befoie
the (Otiits," and the assui anee now given that,
in such event, i„ "would niimedi itely have re
leised the money," would have d soiled much
nine ittentuiand slion0u eonfid nee hid this
is ni inri  been  nioic piomptly given, and tint
umcible disposition now   manifest been eaiher
evinc d by the bank, m having at least i  quested
such an   uiangemeni befoie the dividends wei
withheld   Lefoie commnti ig th itaggiess nn the
bulk wis not pic isid ev n to notify thel íeisury
th it it wished the question of dainties settle d bj
lm_,ition, and it communicated not the slightest
intimation of adesne to mikeany "anang ment
with the   ficisuiyto bung the  case befoie the
eouiis   '    But tin bank having, on these points,
picscned  peifect silence, and  the Depaitment
and Congi   ss having thus been lulled into secu
nty till aftei the adjournment of the latter, then
I  siddenly, and without pievious notice, a poi
tion of the acciumg levenue  estimated and ex
pected to a d in meeting the lugp ippropn tions
wnieh had just been nude, aid to pay the resi
dueofth   public d bt,\\ iswitnhdd by the bank,
and wis not offered to be lestoied t il after the
I j termination of a suit, ptouably pi otracted for many
i i ye ars   Aftei comnuttn g that aggiess on, and stm
withholding in its possession the money of the
United States, the bank then, and not till then,
" invited ' this Depaitment to bnn^ the subject of
the damages in some way befoie the com ts, and
thus indirectly to sanction the app°a! of the bank
fiom the authority of Congress ovei this m ittcr,
and to acquiesce, till adjusted by litigation, in the
bank's unpieeedcnted and mmous couise as to
the public revenue—a course invoh inga puní iple
which, undei all the cucumstanc  s of this case,
if once adopted, might disorganize oui whole
collections, by the seizure of them, without 1 gal
piecept, under one pretense or another and, as
pieviously explained, phce even om disburse
ments, so fai as the jjubhc funds consist of Uni
ted States bank notes, at the sole meicy of an
lmtited and unscrupulous coipoiation But this
the Depiitmcnt could not smction, howevei ui
gently "invited," without proving-futhless to
eveiy pnneiple of public duty and pub'ie safety
Late as even that invitation it is íemai kable 'hat
youi letteis expressed nothing about the mo ley
itself "being an object of mdiffeicnce to the
bank," oi that it " would instantly haveiekast d
the money in any anangem nt with the Treas
uiy to bung the case before the courts " On the
contiaiy, though some persons may, foi some
time, have appichended, fiom certain cncum-
stances, that money was' anobjectof lndiffcK nee
to the bank," m companson with some other
objects, yi tit is difficult to dis over "wh ltiignts"
the bmk then sought to " vindicate," except its
rights to the money, and why it should be so
tenacious of its lights to the money, and so in
different to the money itself By youi cone
spondence, it that time, the money appeals to
have been withheld w ith the express view to foice
the Department into a consent to pay the contio
verted damages claimed, withoutany sanction by
Congiess, or into some amvngement to submit to
the judiciaiy, for decision, a question which,
under the Constitution and the ciieumstances of
the case, belongs to Congiess alone, and, after
that decision, and not till then,if unfavoiable, to
make a lestoiation of the dividends the bank had
so unexpectedly seized, in derogation of the laws,
It was not " until the time had passed foi the
lepetition of a similai appeal from the laws' by
the bank to cover its other intimated claim for
dam iges, on account of the removal of the de-
posits, with any probable hope of public appio
bation in favoi of its new mode ot aiding the
fiscal opeiations of the Government, and not till
aftei those " elections" to which you refei may,
m your opinion have terminated so dis tstronsly
to its hopes, that the bank piofessed a peifect
"indiiFeieiice" about the money, and a willing
ness to íelease it, m case an ainngement was
effected for a suit at law
How a suit could still proceed, and the money
be fiist íolcased or repaid, must be left to the
bank foi fiuther exjilanation, as it is mcompre
hensible to this Depaitment, unless effeittd
through some fictitious case, to be agu <d on, m
oidei to ¿eprive Congress of its constitution U
power ovei apjiropuitions to settle contested
claims against the United Slates, a ndvi Inch igiee
ment, you may íestassuied, that this Di paitmtnt
has as little inclination as it has legitimate povei
to make
It maybe piopei.then, to state fuithei and dis-
anc tly, that the submission of the whole case to the
, wisdom and authority of Congress appeals to the
I Tieisuiy to be the only suitablecouise  and that
it cannot enter into any arrangement in rel ition
to the subject, except to re ene, as rccm sted in
its communication  to the bank m Jujy last, the
dmdends deu to toe Li ited  Sut<   , and to r fei
the bmk, us is done with   the i claiman s m sun
I, ills cases  to the justice >f Congress foi any dan
I age dfinnded on the bid ef exclu nge b y nd
tne actual expenses and costs nieuiied    Th   etc
I knovilcdsanei ts of this Depaitment should not be
omitted for youi  kindness in pointing outmoie
than  one  mode that  mi^ht be puistied m   the
i ourts of law against the bank   but, aithc advice
of an opposing ¡jaity is not alwiys safest, and as
j Congiess is competent to give dneotions upen the
I claim of th   United ¡states, and is consideicd the
proper   tubunal for adjusting the claim  ot   the
bank, youi   benevolent   suggestions   will, it   is
feaied, prove  urmailmo   esjceially,  sun     the
summaiy piocesa to will h you now  il ud , Le-
s des btirg open to ot'ici oojec'ion , is ía cxpicss
1834._________           THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     35
terms, and by a decision of the courts, applicable
to the case only of debtors, who, unlike the bank
in this instance, obtain possession of the public
money, i  their capacity of public officers. What
may be the design now in making, " for obtaining
a decision, "a proposition, which would doubtless
fail if accepted, is best known to yourself and such
" distinguished" counsel of the Bank as you cite
to this Department, m your other published letter
of the 26th ultimo. It must be admitted, that the
bank, in the next place, evinces great frankness
in proceeding to disclose, under five separatespe-
cifications, what it expects to prove on trial.
"Whether there is much likelihood that this ex-
pectation will ever be realized, others must de-
cide: but the ingeniousness in stating beforehand
to "the opposite party what is to be proved against
him, should not pass withoutdne commendation,
though it is regretted that, under all the circum-
stances, a suspicion—it may be an unjust one—
has arisen, that the statement was made rather
with a view to be immediately laid before the
community by the bank, either to " inflame the
passions" or to forestall public opinion on those
points before a reply was received from this De-
partment.
In laying down the first position which the
batik asserts it " will always be ready to prove,"
viz: " that the bill of exchange on the French Gov-
ernment was drawn without the slightest authority
whatever from that Government," it is feared that
the zeal of the bank to vindicate a foreign Gov-
ernment has led you to overlook the treaty, in
which that Government expressly stipulates to
pay " the sum of twenty-five millions of francs
' at Paris, in six annual installments of four mil-
' lions one hundred and sixty-six thousand six
' hundred and sixty-six francs and sixty-six eent-
' imes each, into the hand of such person or persons
' asshallbe authorizedby the Government of the United
' States to receive it." The bankappears, moreover,
to have forgotten the written authority, under
seal from the President of the United States,
which accompanied the bill, and empowered the
holder, as the person designated in the treaty
and in pursuance of it, to receive the money,
which -had then become honestly due from the
French Government, and should, notwithstand-
ing your apology, have been promptly paid, ac-
cording to every principle of national good faith.
In your ardent defense of a foreign country, for
a neglect to fulliil its treaties, and attack upon a
Department of your own, " for acting without the
slightest authority whatever," it also seems to
have escaped notice that the Treasury acted, not
only under the authority beforenamed, from
Prance, of a solemn stipulation to make the pay-
ment to any " persons" " authorized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States"—and that the
holders of this bill were so specially authorized
by this Department and the President*, but that
Congress had previously empowered and required
the Secretary of the Treasury, by the actof July
13, 1832, " to cause this money to be received
' from the French Government, and transferred to
' the United States, in such manner as he may
' ¿eem best." If, notwithstanding all this, unfor-
tunately for your own country, the bank should
be able to support the position, that " the bill
was drawn without the slightest authority" from
Prance, you certainly will deserve her acknowl-
edgments for the aid thus rendered to get rid
probably of the whole of a claim which she has
appeared not very eager to discharge; because,
if France was not liable, under all the circum-
stances, to pay it in that form, it is difficult to
discover how she is liable to pay it in any form.
It is to be regretted that, in your professions
of regard " for the credit of the Treasury, "know-
ing then as now what its authority was for draw-
ing the bill, you did not refuse entirely to take it,
as the bank must have foreseen and believed, that
the money would not probably be paid on an in-
strument if drawn " without the slightest author-
ity," and that the affair would probably end in a
claim by it for large damages. Were it not for
the solicitude, since expressed by the bank, to
accommodate the Treasury, and the " indiffer-
ence" the bank now professes as " to the money,"
it might be inferred by some, that possessing the
beforementioned opinions, and pursuing the be-
forementioned course, it must have meditated
originally a speculation as to the protest and
exoected damages.
What seems at first rather inexplicable is, that
the bank, knowing, and being ready to prove,
that this Department drew the bill " without the
slightest authority," and hence could not require
France to pay any damages if the bill was pro-
tested—should yet insist that the claims of dam-
ages by the bank was " an indispensable act of
duty, to enable the Treasury to claim damages of
the French Government." This great kindness
to wards thoGovermnentof yourown country, un-
invited and voluntarily to seize on its revenue, and
attempt to plunge it into a lawsuit at home, and
a controversy abroad, to enable it to obtain large
damages of another country, which it must, if
obtained, immediately pay over to the bank, cer-
tainly deserves all due acknowledgment. In fine,
while the bank is professing to give all this
friendly advice for the benefit of the Treasury,
and to feel, itself, " a great indifference about the
money," its regard for the Treasury upon this
particular subject seems, when stripped of all
blandishments, to consist in urging the Govern-
ment to demand, and to hazaid a new quarrel
with France to obtain, large and vindictive dam-
ages, by asserting that thoy aro as much due " as
the principal," when in fact the United States
are entitled from France to only the reasonable
and actual damages sustained, and when large
and vindictive ones are to be sought in behalf, not
of the Treasury, but of the disinterested institu-
tion which is urging this indefensible measure;
and when, if such aggravated damages are ob-
tained, they are expected to go at once, and ex-
clusively, not into the Treasury, but into the
vaults of the bank; or, wjiich is virtually the
same, are to supply the place of the great amount
of public revenue the bank has already on this
account seized and withhold.
But notwithstanding this, if now, or at any
other period, the bank shall, as alleged, be ready
to prove that " the money was paid by the agents
of the bank to save the credit of the Treasury,"
the favor will be cheerfully acknowledged by this
Department, as in that event no right in the bank
to the aggravated damages claimed against the
Treasury, and which has led to the outrage of
seizing on the public dividends, could well be pre-
tended to exist. It is hoped, as you profess to
consider that'" the claim of damages by the bank
■was an indispensable act of duty," you will also
not hesitate to perform another equally " indis-
pensable act of duty," by furnishing, as early as
practicable, the evidence to prove the point just
mentioned; since, if such evidence is furnished,
not only should the aggravated damages be relin-
quished, but the conduct of those agents, and of
the bank in that particular, be duly appreciated.
In that event, they of course did not pay the
money for " the credit of the Treasury," for the
purpose of exacting from it, on account of the
professed favor, the large constructive damages
of $ 130,000 or $170,000; but it must be presumed j
they paid it with a view to save the Treasury
from exposure to such a claim by some foreigner
who might be heartless or sordid, and whose pe-
cuniary profit being alone concerned, might be so
destitute of patriotic feeling for his country as to
permit the bill not-only to be protested abroad,
and the " credit of the Treasury" to suffer, so as
to have it returned home protested, but who
might thereupon immediately make a demand on
the Treasury beyond the actual damages and
costs sustained, and even for great, and it may
be properly added, penal damages, and to pursue
this demand in so inexorable a spirit as not to
wait for the decision of Congress upon it, but,
without legal precept or any previous notice of
his design, to seize upon a large amount of the
public revenue, for the purpose of discharging
it.
In relation to your third head of proof, " that
' of the money so paid by the bank, the whole
' waff immediately appropriated by the Treasury,
' and a part used in the current expenses of the
'Government," it gives me pleasure to attempt
a correction thus early of these misapprehen-
sions.
This Department has, in the reports sent here
monthly by the direction of the president of the
bank, statements which show that the amount
standing to the credit of the public in the Bank,
which of course includes its branches, was at no
time after the purchase of the French bill on the
Uth of February, 1833, until the formal return
of the money to the bank on the 18ttí of May,
1833, less than eight millions of dollars; that of
this, at no time, was less than four millions left
in the bank and its branches, to the credit of the
Treasurer, subject to draft for any purpose, and
that the residue was deposited on account of the
public debt and of the public collecting and dis-
bursing offices. So that, whatever sum of money
may have been "appropriated by the Treasury"
or "used" between those periods, it still left in
the vaults of the bank and m its use, standing to
the credit of the Treasurer, at the times of all
your intervening returns, a sum from three to
four millions beyond the amount of the bill, or
j from three to four times more than the amount
I which you had, in form only, paid to the Treas-
: ury, or passed to its credit, in trust for the nu-
i merous sufferers by French spoliations. And no
: part of the sum received on the bill was ever so
"appropriated" or "used" by the Treasury,a?
to be carried into it by warrant; or it could not,
until Congress should have passed a new law,
have refunded, as it did, the whole amount, the
moment notice was given of the protest of the
bill.
In regard to the practice which you cite of thia
Department in charging  damages on   ordinary
bills of exchange bought of individuals who sus-
tain no official relations with the Government,
and who neglect to provide funds abroad to meet
those billsand to pay punctually our creditors and
officers in a foreign country, it is hardly neces-
sary here to show the difference between the two
cases, in both form and substance, after the pre-
ceding remarks, and after the views contained
in the first opinion of the Attorney General, pub-
lished with the late annual report from this De-
partment.     Still  less   is   it  necessary  to   show
further that in none of those cases probably did
the idea ever enter into the imagination of the
officers of the Government, that they ought, in
order to obtain the damages due and often actually
accruing to the full'amount received on protested
| bills, to resort, without either notice, lawful pro-
¡ cess, or a previous adjudication, to a seizure'of
j the property or dues of the individuals who drew
! and sold them.    As in conclusion you giveassu-
| ranees that" all" your allegations " will be made
! manifest whenever the Treasury resorts to the
i proper tribunals," this Department takes the Iib-
I erty to renew the expressions of its opinion that
j it lias already resorted to the proper tribunal, in
| the first instance, by submitting this whole trans-
] action to the consideration of Congress, where
you will doubtless be indulged with an opportu-
nity, if desired, to make all your charges " man-
I' ifest."   But the bank may rest satisfied, that it
I will be long, unless otherwise directed by Con-
gress, before this Department, however urgently
! " invited" by the bank, will consent to enter into
' any arrangement, or to institute any proceedings,
! which, under existing circumstances, will, in their
! operation, be likely to take from Congress, and
j transfer  to some other tribunal, the  power  to
i adjust controverted claims, when no law has been
passed, nor/ippr.opriation made, to pay them; and
which will be likely to break down those salutary
checks  and distinctions between the legislative
and judicial departments, as to the disposal of
the public money, which the people and the States
have, with much clearness and wisdom, estab-
j lished in the great charter of their Union.    For
1 ample views on the law and equity of the whole
¡ case, and for any further reply which may be
i proper to any of the principles advanced in your
| letter, in support of the extraordinary claims and
: proceedings of the bank, you are referred to the
! late annual report of this Department, and to the
! opinions of the Attorney General that accompany
I it.
| Had the bank thought more of following, in its
¡own example, the salutary advice it so frankly
| bestows on others, not to "prejudge" or "dis-
| cuss" this question of its claim to damages, and
I had it omitted to " prejudge" or "discuss" it in
| the report of its committee" last December, and in
; your letter now under consideration, the preced-
i mg remarks m relation to it would most cheer-
; fully have been forborne, This Department has
i now, very reluctantly, but in the manner that
i seemed to be required by the tone and contents
¡ of your co'mmumcation, replied to such portions
: of it as appeared to merit notice, and can sincere-
i ly conclude with the consoling reflection, uttered
36                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 15,
by yourself in behalf of the bank, that, " having
done its duty, it is content."
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
yours,                       LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
N. Biddle, Esq., President of the Bank of the United
States, Philadelphia.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the communi-
cation was ordered to be printed.
ORDERS'OF THE DAY.
On motion of Mr. PATTON, the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Susan Decatur was postponed to
Friday next.                    '
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, the bill for the
relief of D. Kilgore was postponed to Friday
next.
The. House then went into the Committee of
the "Whole (Mr. Ward in the chair) upon the
following bills: .
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of-Richard W. Meade;
' For the relief of Samuel Bragdon, David Chase,
and others;
For the relief of Charles Gordon and others;
For the relief of William McLain and others;
For the relief of William P. Zantzinger;
For the relief of Silas D. Fisher;
For the relief of the representatives of Colonel
George Gibson, deceased;
For the relief of Lieutenant Mervin P. Mix;
For the relief of Tufts and Clarke;
For the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull;
For the relief of Humphrey B. Gwathmcy;
To amend an act for the relief of Robert C.
Jennings, and of the executors of James Roddy,
deceased;
For the relief of Robert Hailc;
For the relief of the heirs of Evan Edwards;
For the relief of the heirs and representatives
of William Graham;
For the relief of Samuel S. Lord;
For the relief of Samuel Huntt;
F/or the relief of Marcus duiiicy and William
Gorham, of Portland; and
• A bill for the relief of Francis Lasselle and
others, Michigan volunteers.
Upon the bill for the relief of Commodore Isaac
Hull a lengthened discussion ensued, in which
Messrs. PARKER, REED,PEARCE of Rhode
Inland, MANN of New York, HARDIN,
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, and GARLAND,
participated.
The committee then rose and reported the bills
to the House, with the exception of those for the
relief of the legal representatives of Richard W.
Meade, for the relief of the representatives oí
Colonel George Gibson, and for the relief of
Lieutenant Mervin P. Mix.
The House then adjourned to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December ]5, 1834.
Hon.  James  Buchanan,  Senator elect from
Pennsylvania, appeared, was qualified, and took
his «eat.
Messrs. CAi.nouN,of South Carolina,Black, of
Mississippi, Porter, of Louisiana, and Bibb, of
Kentucky, also appeared and took their seats.
Hon. Lewis F. Linn, of Missouri, also ap-
Íjeared, and after the reading of the certificate  of
lis reelection, was qualified, and took his seat.
PETITIONS,  MEMORIALS,  ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. WEBSTER, McKEAN, SHEPLEY,
SOUTHARD, BENTON, TYLf.R, WAGGA-
MAN, KENT, S1LSBEE, HENDRICKS, and
WRIGHT.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memorial from
the corporation of Washington, praying forrelief;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
ELECTION  OP CHAPLAIN.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, the
Senate agreed to proceed to the election of a Chap-
lain, on their part, to-morrow at one o'clock.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SILSBEE, on leave given, introduced a
bill to exempt merehandise, imported undo- cer-
tian circumstances, from the operation of the
tariff of 1828; which was read the first time, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SOUTHARD, on leave given, introduced
the following bills:
A bill to provide for the enlistment of boys in
the naval service of the United States;
A bill to establish and regulate Navy rations;
A bill to change the titles of certain officers in
the Navy,
A bill to provide for the regulation of vessels
propelled in whole, or in part, by steam;
A resolution to provide for the settlement of
the claim of John S. Stiles;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Isaac Garrison, deceased;
A bill for the relief of George Budd, master
commandant in the United States Navy;
A bill for the relief of the commanding oificers
of the Navy of the United States;
A bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler, executor
of Colonel Richard Smith, deceased;
A bill for the relief of McKean Buchanan;
A bill for the relief of William Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Archibald S.
Campbell;
A bill for the relief of Loami Baldwin:
A bill for the relief of the officers and crew of
the private armed vessel Neptune;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Henry Eckford, deceased; and
A resolution directing the adjustment of the
claims of the heirs of the late Robert Fulton, de-
ceased.
All- those bills were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PORTER gave notice.that on to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the legal adjudication of claims to certain lands
therein mentioned.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Susan Marlow;
A bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons;
A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections, and granting other lands in lieu
thereof, for the use of schools, &c;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn Ma-
geo, and Somoise, Creek Indians.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the depo-
sitions lately taken before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands were ordered to be printed.
Mr. KANE introduced a bill, on leave given, to
provide for organizing the territorial government
of Wisconsin; which was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EWING, on leave given, introduced a bill
making appropriation to improve the harbor at
the mouth of the river Raisin.
Mr. BENTON, on leave given, introduced a
joint resolution for an amendment of the Consti-
tution relative to the election of President and
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. B. also introduced a bill granting a town-
ship of land for the endowment of the French
University in St. Louis; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TYLER, on leave given, introduced a bill
to remit the duties on locomotive steam engines;
which was read the first time, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING, on leave given, introduced a bill
for the relief of Duncan L. Finch.
Mr. MOORE, on leave given, introduced a bill
granting two per cent, of the net proceeds of the
sales of certain public lands forpurposes of educa-
tion in Alabama.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:   *
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
Department be directed to communicate to the
Senate the amount of the two per cent, of the
proceeds of sales of public lands lying within the
State of Alabama, reserved to be applied to the
makingof aroad or roads leading to the said State,
under the direction of Congress; and also, if any,
what amount of the three per cent, of the said
proceeds of sales of public lands, reserved to be
applied to internal improvements within theState,
■ be now due to the State.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing the following post
roads in the State of Indiana, viz:
From Bedford, in Lawrence county, via Bloom-
field, to Bowling Green, in Clay county.
From Connersville, in Fayette county, to Lew-
isville, in Henry county.
From Winchester, in Randolph county, via
Mississinewa, to Fort Wayne, in Allen county.
From Greensbury, in Decatur county, via Ed-
mon's Mill, Huntsville, Goshen, and Newburn,
to Columbus,"in Bartholomew county.
From South Bend, by Edwardsburg,- Whit-
manville, Violinia, Schoolcraft,Bronson,and Gun
river plain, to the rapids of Grand river, in Mich-
igan Territory.
"From Lawrenceburg, in Dearborn county, to
Versailles and Napoleon, in Ripley county, by
way of Aurora, Wilmington, and Moor's Hill.
From Newcastle, in Henry county, to Mun-
ceytown, in Delaware county.
From Strawstown, in Hamilton county, to
Kirk's Cross Roads, in Clinton county, thence
by Frankfort and Dayton to Lafayette.
From Brownstown, in Jackson county, by way
of Sage's Ferry, on the Mushatatalk, and York,
on the State road, to Charleston, in Clark county.
From Shelbyville, in Shelby county, by way
of Manwaring's, on Sugar creek, Greenwood
Post Office, Port Royal, and Mooresville, to Da-
vid Lindley's, in Monroe township, in Morgan
county.
From Rising Sun, in Dearborn county, via
James's Mills, Dellsborough, and Watt's Mills,
to Cross Plains, in Ripley county.
From Charlestown, in Clarke county, to New
Providence, in the same county.
From Martinsville, in Morgan county, by way
of Lyon's Mills, Mooresville, Danville, and Leb-
anon, to Frankfort, in Clinton county.
From Putnamsville, in Putnam county, via
Dixon's Mills, Rockville, Montezuma, in Park
county, and Hill's Green, in Vermilion county,
to Bloomfield, in Edgar county, in theState of
Illinois.
From Bowling Green, in Clay county, via
New Brunswick and Caledonia, to Carlisle, in
Sullivan county.
From Charlestown, in Clarke county, by way
of Vienna, in Scott county, and Slate Ford, on
the Wiscatictue, to Rockford, m Jackson county.
From Napoleon, in the county of Ripley, Indi-
ana, through Versailles, Cross Plains, Mount
Sterling, Vevay, Ghent, and Owington, to George-
town, in Scott county, in Kentucky.
HISTORY OF CONÜRESS.
Mr. ROBBINS introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the purchase of five hundred copies
of the History of Congress, published by Carey
& Lea; which was referred to the Library Com-
mittee.
BOYD REILLY'S PATENT.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, reported a bill authoriz-
ing the purchase of Boyd Reilly's patent apparatus
for applying the irrespirable gases to the surface
of the human body, for the use of the Army and
Navy.
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
Mr. CLAY, on leave given, introduced a bill
to provide for the distribution,for a limited time,
of the sales of the public lands among the several
States, &e.; which was read the first time.
Mr. TIPTON, on leave given, introduced a bill
i to provide compensation for  the Governor and
¡ judges of Michigan Territory; which was refer-
| red to the Committee on Claims.
i     The bill for the relief of Hiram A. Hunterwas
I also, on his motion, referred to the Committee on
j Claims.
I     The bill for the relief of Colonel Gad Humph-
¡ reys was referred to the Committee  on  Indian
Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
an appropriation for the construction of a harbor
at Trail creek, Lake Michigan.
183 i.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid bcfoiethe Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Trcasuty Depart-
irle nt i dative to tne puicnasi of sites for the elec-
tion oí i warehouse in Balumoie, a custom-house
in ivcw Yoik and New Bedford. &c
Also a supplement to the annual leport of the
Secietaiy of the Treasiuy, which,on motion of
Mi Glvy, was íefeiied to the Committee on
Tin mce, and oidcied to be printed
Also, a commun cation from the Wai Depart-
ment, giving mtormation lelative to the lmpiove-
ment of the haibor at the mouth of the uver
Raism, which wasoidered to be punted
Also,a communication fiom the Comm ssioner
of the Land Office, lelatnc to the sales of public
lands m Mississippi, which was ordcied to be
p mtcd
The following message was íeceived from the
Picsidcnt of the United States, by the hands of
Mi   Donfi so\, his Punte Secieiaiy
To the Senate of the United States
The joint íeso'ution of Congress, unanimously
expressing thí n si osibihty on the intelligence of
tne dea h of Gcneial La Fayette, were commum
cdted,in compliance with their will, to Gcoige
Washington La Fayette, and the othei members
of the family of that illustrious man By then
lequest, 1 now piesent the heaitfelt acknowledg-
mi its of the suivivmg descendants of our be-
loved fnend for that highly valued proof of the
sympathy of the United folates
AJtDRCW JACKSON
"VViSHi>Gro\r, Dccembet 10, 1834
A joint íesolution was icceivr d fiom the House
oí Ilepieseatatives foi the Tnpointmcnt of a com
mittec to cany into effect the resolution of June
last, lelative to the do ith of Genual LaFayette
On motion of Ail CLAY, the resolution was
concuned in, and the committee on the pait of
the Senate was ord"rcd to consist of fiu, and to
be appointed by the Chair
On motion of Mi KING, of Vibnmt, the bill
foi the relief of Theodoie Bi ghtwell was ic
feried to the Judiciay Committee
EXECUTIVE  SESSION7.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business, and, aftei spending some time
with closed doors, adjourned
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES
Mond vy, December 15,1834
Petitions and mcmoinls were piesen'ed by—
Messis EVANS and PARKS, of Maine,
Mi   BURfvb, of JN<v Himoshirc,
Messis BRIGGS, OSGOOD, and BATES, of
M issachusttts,
Mtssis  ALLEN" and SLADE, of Vermont,
Messis BOCKEE, WARD, MITCHELL,
WARD WELL, M \RT1NDALE, and HARD,
of JNew "ioik,
Mcss.s KÍÍNG, McKENN41N STrWART,
SUTHERLAND, and DENNY, of Pennsjl
\ania
[Air Demny piesented memorials asking an
appro pi íaüon to aid m impioving the road from
Pittsbuig, Pennsylvania, to the United States
Arsenal, near that city ]
Mi   MJLLIGAN, of Delaware,
Mr JOHINSON, of Maiyland
Messrs McCOVIAS, ALLEN, CHINN,
WILSON, WISE, MOORE, PATTON, and
MERCER, of Vnginia,
Messis POPE and JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
Messis MARDIS, LEWIS, and CLAY, of
Alabama,
[Mi Clay, in behalf of the legal representa-
tives of the late General John Brahan, presented
the petition and accompanying documents of said
Btahan, heietofore presented, which weie re-
feired to the Committee on PublicLands ]
Mi   SEVIER, of Aikansas, and
Mi  WHITE, of rionda,
Which petitions and memouals were appiopri-
ately ícfeired
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mi MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionaiy Claims, moved to dischaige the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
fiom the further consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for the settlement of certain revolutionary
claims, (commonly called the commutation bill,)
and that the same be íecommitted to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionaiy Claims Mr M remaiked,
that, although amajonty of the House weie sup
posed to be m favor of the general pimciples of
the bill, yet it was feaied that a majority would
not sustain it in its present shape It was with a
view to expedite the measure, and render it ac-
ceptable to the House, that his motion had been
made.
The motion was agreed to
Mr ALLAN, of Kentucky, from the Com
mittee on Tcriitoncs, repoited, with an amend
ment, the bill foi the establishment of the Tern
tory of Huron The bill was refened to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union
Mi PEARCE, of Rhode Island, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill making
appiopnations for the erection of a maune hos
pital in the city of Baltimoie, and oth< r places
which was i ead twice, committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and di-
rected to be punted.
RIGHT OF WAY.
The joint resolution, giving the right of way
thiough the propeity of the United States at
Haiper's Feiry to the Winchester and Potomac
Raiboad Company, was lead a thud time and
passed
MARINE HOSPITAL FUND.
The following íesolution, submitted by Mr
Buróes, on Thuisday last, was taken up
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Tieasury
Dcpaitmeiu be duected to send to this House, in
a taUulai foim, the amount of money paid into
the marine hospital fund by all seamen m the
mercantile seivice in the d stnct of Piovidence,
in the distiict of New pon, and in the district of
Bns^ol, respectively, in the Rhode Island district,
from the commencement of the piesent Govein-
nent of the Umti d Stales up to the time when
that fund Mas bylaw placed at the disposal of
the Piesiden* Also, the like amount, m like
foin, paid by said seamen aftei that time, and
before the commenccnent of the yeai 1828, and,
also, the like amount, m like form, paid since that
time, together with the several sums expended in
each of said dis'ucts, respectively, for the lehef
of sick and disabled seamen—showing the balance
due to, or fiom, said iund, in each of said dis
tucts, lespectively, at the several times aforesaid,
if any, and how the same may have been disposed
of
Mi FILLMORE moved to amend the resolu-
tion, so as to extend the mqiuiy to all of the
levenucdistucts of the United States He under-
stood that the gen leman fiom Rhode Island was
appielicnsne that the adoption of his amendment
would retard and delay en answer to his icsolu-
tion This objection would be obviated when the
gentleman w,*s informed, that at the last session
the Senate hadmadcdsimi'ai call for information,
w Inch the Department was piobably piepaied to
f mush foithwith
Mi BURGES suggested to the gentleman fiom
New York that his íesolution called for a more
minute detail of facts m relation to Rhode Island
than the resolution of the Senate did, and the
adoption of his amendment would certainly cause
great and unnecessary delay, inasmuch as the m-
foimaticn called for by the Senate was already
piepaied It would, theiefore, be rendeied ne-
cessary by the proposed amendment to go ovei
the whole giound to obtain the specific information
from all paits of the United States, which he
only lequncd in relation to Piovidence If, how-
evei, the gentleman wished this specific mfoim
ation iiom all paitsof the Union, and would oftei
a resolution to that effect, he would cheeifully
coopeiate with him, but he hoped his resolu-
tion would not be tnmmcLd with the amendment
Mr FILLMORE said, as the gentleman still
thought that his amendment would prejudice hi 
call, he would withdiaw it
The íesolution was then adopted
DAVID COOKE'S  CLAIM.
The following resolution, submitted on Fnday
kst by Mi Pearce, of Rhode Island, was con
Sidered and agieed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be diiectod
to communicate to this House the feport of Cal-
ender IiMiie, comnrssary general of purchases,
made in October or November, 1820, upon the
claim of David Cooke, of Philadelphia, for money
furnished by said Cooke for powder furnished
by the authouty of the United States
SETTLERS ON THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The following resolutions, submitted on Fri-
day by Mr Lewis   were taken up
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquiie into the expediency of
authorizing any settler on lands rescued by the
Government in obedience to Indian treaties, or
otherwise, who settled such lands before %uch
reservation was selected, and who, by reason of
such itservdtion, was deprived of the benefits of
the piecmption law of 1834, to enter, with the
proper officer in said land district, two quaiter
sections of any public lauds m such district, at
the price of twenty-five cents per acre.
Resolved, That said committee fuither inquire
into the expediency of authorizing any person
who has cultivated oi impioved public lands, in
the year 1834, to entei not exceeding two quaiter
sections of any public lands in his íespective land
distuct, by paying to the proper officer fifty cents
per ace foi such land,within twelvemonths from
the 4th of Mai eh next Provided, Such individual
shall designate said lands before the íegister of
the propei land office by the 1st day of June next.
Resolved, That said committee further inquire
into the expediency of authonzing any citizen of
the United States, making oath that it is his inten-
tion to settle any poition of the public lands, and
who shall actually settle and improve the same
foi one yeai, at the end of such period to enter
not exceeding two quartei sections, by paying
into the land office fifty cents pei acie, if such
public lands have been olfeied foi public sale
within five yeais, and still remain unsold, and
twenty-five cents per acie,incase said landshave
been ofTeied for public sale, and have remained
unsold, for a longei penod than five years
The question being upon Mr Williams's mo-
tion to refci the íesolutions to the Committee of
the Whole, and Mi Mercer having called foi a
division of the question, it was first put upon re-
femng the first íesolution to the Committee of
the Whole, which was decided in the negative—
yeas 72, nays 73
The remaindei of Mi. Williams 's motion was
also disagreed to.
The lesolutions were then rejected—ayes 37,
noes not counted
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr  HUBBARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be mstiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of allowing to the heirs of Dr William
Cloggswell, deceased, (who was an hospital
surgeon of the Army, during the war of the Rev-
olution,) t'>e commutation pay gi anted to such offi-
ceis iñ pursuance of the resolution of the Conti-
nental Congress of March, 1783
On motion of Mr  SLADE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing the name of Justus Cobb, a soldier of
the late war, on the roll of invalid pensions
On motion of Mi   HARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be insti ucted to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropnation to survey and constiuct
a haibor at the mouth of Eighteen Mile Creek,
in the county of Niagara, in the State of New
York
On motion of Mr CHAMBERS,it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be instructed to consider the expe-
diency of reporting a bill pi ohibiting, under suit
able penalties, the sale and purchase of lottery
tickets within the District of Columbia
On motion of Mi   DENN Y, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be mstiucted to inquiie into the expediency of
making an appiopuation to aid in the erection of
suitable buildings at Pittsburg, for the accom-
modation of the United States couit in and for
the western dist let of Pennsylvania
On motion of Mi   COULTER, it w as
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions oe instructed to inquire into the propriety
38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
of placing Richard Harden, a 3oldier of the late
wai, on the pension i oil.                                       |l
Mi. McKIM submitted the following, which
lies on the table one day:
Resohed, Thit the Secietaiy of the Treasury
1« duccttd to hive assayed at the Mmt of the
United States  all foieign gold and silver coins j
now in cnculation thtoughout the United States,
and to furnish this House with a statement of
the quantity of fine gold and silver contained in I
each of said coins, and then cuuent value at the |
Mint, agieeably to tin law passed at the lastses-
sionof Congi ess, íegulating the value of gold and
silv#i coins.
Mi. THOMAS, of Maiyland, submitted the I
following; which las on the table one day
Resolved, That the Stcitta.y of the Tuasuiy
be, and ho 1  lequested to commumcate to this
House any information he has receivid,oi can
obtain, concerning the official pioceedings of the
Government dnectois in the Bank of the United
States
On motion of Mi MERCER, it was
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Ticamiy
be directed to lav befoie this House a copy of
any contract which may have been made since
the last session of Congress foi the eonstiuction
of a budge acioss the Potomac, within the Dis-
tiict of Columbia, and an estimate of the pioba-
ble cost of the same, accoiding to the tenns of
such eontiact.
On motion of Mi. ALLEN, of Vnginia, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicial y
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
allowing Benjamin Recdtr, late maishxl of the
western distnet of Virginia, to tianslei to his
successoi in office a wan ant fiom the Tirasury,
placed m his name as m Maich, 1822, against
Salatheal Cuitis, collector of the fifth district of
Virginia, and his secmities, which was levied,
but a sale enjoined, and that said committee also
inqune into the expediency of allowing said
Recder his fees for levying, advei Using, and at-
tending to sell the propeity of the defendants,and
that they have leave to lepoit by bill 01 otheiwisc
Mr. FULTON offered the following lesolution,
which, under the lulc of the House, lies one day
on the table
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the
Proceedings and Discussions of the French
Chamber of Deputies, on the subject of the ti (aty
between France and the United States, bopnnti d
for life useof the membeis of this House
On motion of Mi GRAHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be mstiucted to inqune into the expedi-
ency of establishing a bianch of the Mint in the
gold region of Noith Caiolina.
On motion of Mi. MASON,of Vnginm.it was
Resolved, Thatthi Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Hicksford, in Gieenville county, Jerusaltm, to
Murfee's Warehouse, on the Poitsmouth and
Roanoke railroad, in Southampton county, Vn-
ginia, and of discontinuing the route from Cross
Keys to Williams's store, m Southampton county,
and of extending the route fiom Cioss Keys to
Patteison's, in North Caiolma.   ,
On motion of Mr. A. H SHEPPERD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads mqune into the expediency of
establishing a post loute from Gieensboiough,
North Carolina, by Thompson's stoic, to Rox-
boiough, in Peaison county.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Af-
fairs be instructed to mqune into the expediency
of extending the time of issuing military land
warrants to the officeis and soldieis of the revo-
lutionaiy army
On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be mstiucted to mqune into the expe-
diency ofgiantmg to Mrs Mai y Graham, widow
of Reginald Graham, deceased, compensation for
the services and advances of her deceased hus-
band during the revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. HA WES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedí
eney of making an appropriation foi the removal
of obstructions to the navigation of Green and
Big Banen riveis, in the State of Kentucky.
Mi HA WES submitted the following, which
lies on the table one day
Raohed, That the Secietaiy of War be ln-
stiucterl to furnish this House with a copy of the
survey of the Falls of the mer Ohio, also, the
estimate made by Captain HcmyShiievc of the
piobable cost of impio\ing the navigation
thiough the Falls, as also his plan for doing the
same.
On motion of Mi JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Mums be mstiucted to inqune into the expedi-
ency of piovidingby law foi the establishment of
a bianch mint of the United States at the city of
New Oihans*
!     On motion of Mi  HANNEGAN, it was
Resohed, That the Committi e on Commerce
be lnstiucted to inquuc into the piopiicty of
making an appiopnation foi the construction of
a harboi at the mou'h of Tiail creek, on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Indiana
j     Mi. LANE  offcied the following lesolution,
which wis lticctcd
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to mqune into the expedi-
ency of appiopiiatmg the lefuse lands belonging
to the United Statt s whn h shall have be en oífcrt d
at public sale and been subject to enti y foi twenty
years and upwaids, and shall rcmam unsold on
the 1st day of June next, situated in the eountn s
of Fianklin, Dearboin, Ripley, &witzeiland,and
so muth of Decatur as is attached to the Jeffer-
sonville district, in the State of indiana, foi the
pin pose of constiucting and impioving a load
fiom the town of Fairfitld, in the said county of
Fianklm, by the way of B'ookvillc, to Lau-
rencebuigjOn the Ohiuiivci, in Dearboin county,
and a load fromRushville, in the county of Rush,
by the way of Simmons, to the same point upon
the Ohio nvei, and a road fiom Napoleon, in
the county of Ripley, to Auioia, on the Ohio
nvei, in the county of Dcaiboin' and fiom Na-
poleon to «Rising Sun, upon the Ohio nvei, and
fiom Napoleon to Vt vay, by the way of Ver-
sailles, in Switzerland county, on the Ohionvei,
and a load fiom Napoleon, aforesaid, to Lau-
lencebtng, afoicsaid—to be sold m such manner,
and by such poisons, and at such times, and the
money expi nded in such mannei,as thePiesi-
dentof tin United States shall be pleased tooulei
and dueet.
On motion of Mi   McCARTY, it was
Resohed,   That the Committee on  the Post
Offuc and Post Rouls be mstiucted to mqune
into the cxpcdnncy of establishing the following
j post-ioutts, to wit    Fiom Oxford, in Ohio, by
I Fanficld, Wist Union, Columbia, and Danville,
to Rushville, in Indiana, also, fiom Libeity, by
Biownsvilk, to Philomt th, to Ccnicivilk, also,
fiom Liberty, by New Boston, to Richland.
On motion of Mr BULL, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commcicc
be mstiucted to inquuc into the expediency of
establishing a poit of cntiy at Giecn's landing,
in the county, of Marion, on the Mississippi nvei,
in the State of Missouii
On motion of Mi. ASHLEY, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
bo mstiucted to mqune into the expediency of
collecting an enoi committed m issuing a pat-
ent foi one bundled and fifty acies of land in
part of Win Pennington and gianting to said
Pennington the light to entei,m lieu of the land
patented, the same quantity of any of the public
lands subject to enti y at private sale.
On motion of Mi LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be mstiucted to inqune into the expediency of
appiopnating a township, or some other quantity
of the public lands in Michigan Territory, to aid
in establishing an academy or school on the island
of Michilimackinac, in said Terntoiy, for the
pin pose of educating Indian youth.
On motion of Mi   LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making Green Bay, in Michigan Terntory, a port
of delivery
On motion of Mi SEVIER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Piivate Land
Claims be mstiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authorising the lpgigtei and leccitei of
the propei land distiic-tm Aikansasto recene
proof of claimants of the validity of Spanish or
Piench land claims, with a view to the final ad-
justment, and repoit the same as soon as practi-
cable.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals bo instructed to inquire into the exnedt-
ency of making an appiopnation for a load from
Clack Cicek to Swam a river, and fiom the head
of Ptnsacola bay by Pittman's feny on Choc-
tawhatchic nvei to Campbellton, Jackson county,
in the Tcmtoiy of Flonda
On motion of Mi. WHITE, of Flouda.it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Pi,vate Land
Claims be instiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of increasing the compensation of the deputy
surveyoi foi suiveying private land claims in
Florida.
ExrCUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House the fol-
lowing message fiom the Piesidentof the United
States
Washington, December 10, 1834
To Ike House of Representatives of the United States:
The joint resolutions of Congiess, unanimously
expicssing their sensibility on the intelligence of
the death of G(neial Lafayette, were communi-
cated, in compliance with their will, to George
Washington Lafayette, and the othei membeis
of the family of that illustrious man. By their
requt st, I now present the heartfelt acknowledg-
ments of the suivivmg descendants of our be-
loved fnend,foi that highly valued pi oof of the
sympathy of the United States
ANDREW JACKSON.
On motion of Mr EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts, the message and accompanying documents
were refeiied to the Committee on Foieign Rela-
tions
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a report
fiom the Secietaiy of the Trcasuiy,m relation to
the puichase of sites for the election of custom-
houses, warehouses, &c; which, on motion of
Mi McKim, was refcircd to the Committee on
Commeice
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
fiom the Sccietary of the Treasury,in lelationto
a lesolution containing the liumbei o^ custom-
house officers, and their compensation, &c., which 
on motion of Mi. Pevrob., was refencd to the
Committee on Commeice
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, two thou-
sand extia copies of said repoit weie ordcied to
be jirintt d
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
supplemental repoit fiom the Secietaiy of tho
Treasmy,on the subject of keeping and disburs-
ing the public revenue, with accompanying docu-
ments, which, on motion of Mi Polk, was re-
feiied to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ten thousand extia copies weie oidered to be
punted.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills, lepoi ted fiom the Commit-
tee of the Whole on Satuiday, were oidered to be
engrossed, and lead a third time:
For the relief of Samuel Bragdon, David Chase,
and others,
For the íehef of Charles Gordon, and others;
For the íehef of William McLam and others;
Foi the relief of William P. Zantzmger;
Foi the relief of Silas D. Fisher,
For the relief of Tufts and Claike,
For the relief of Humphrey B. Gwathmey;
To amend an act for the íelief of Robert C.
Jennings, and of the executors of James Roddy,
deceased,
For the íehef of Robert Haile;
For the relief of the heirs of Evan Edwards;
For the relief of the heirs and representatives
of William Graham;
For the relief of Samuel S. Loid;
For the relief of Samuel Huntt;
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
Por the relief of Marcus Quincy and William |
Gorham, of Portland; and                                         !
A bill for the relief of Francis Lasselle and !
others, Michigan volunteers,                                     I
On motion of Mr. GRENNELL, the bill for |
the relief of Roben C. Jennings, end of the ex- ;
editors of James Roddy, deceased, was recom- i
mitted to the Committee of Claims.                         |
BILLS PASSED.                              |
The bill to allow further time for issuing and :
locating military land war ran Is danng the last '
war, and the bill for the final adjustment of land
claims in the State of Louisiana and Territory of ;
Arkansas, were passed.                                              j
GEORGETOWN AND ALEXANDRIA  CANAL.     j
The bill authorizing an appropriation of ¿100,- ¡
000 of stock in the Georgetown and Alexandria
Canal and Aqueduct Company was taken up.      j
Mr.   HARDIN  said,  this" bill,  he   thought, \
should be acted on'with caution.  He did not wish
to deptive it of its place upon the docket, but he 1
suggested that it should be laid aside for the pros- !
cut. CongresshadalrcadysuljscribedforJlOOJJOO I
worth of the stock of the Alexandria canal, where '
the Almighty had previously prepared a better ;
canal than human art could achieve.    He would I
ask how long Congress were disposed to go on m |
this headlong course ?    How much has that canal :
cost?    How much will it cost?   It has been as-
serted  here   that  the formerly  projected stone i
bridge across the Potomac would have cost at ¡
least three millions of dollars !    Now, if that were (
the   fact,   what  must  not   this   aqueduct  cost ?
It must have stone abutments, arches, &c, and
be in a great   degree more expensive than  the
bridge would have been.*   It may, and probably
will, cost millions upon millions! As to estimates,
Mr. H. said he cared but little for them.    Esti-
mates were like the doctor feeling the sick man's
pulse—they were sometimes high, and sometimes
low.    He had no confidence in them.    He hoped
the House would at all events pass the bill by for
the present;
Mr. CHINN did not wish to press the bill, if
gentlemen were not prepared to act on it at this
time. He, therefore, moved to postpone its
further consideration to this day three weeks;
which was agreed to.
RAILROADS, ETC., THROUGH PUBLIC LaNDS.
A bill to authorize the construction of railroads
and canals through the public lands was taken up.
After a few remarks, of an explanatory charac-
ter, by Messrs. FILLMORE and CLAY, the lat-
ter gentleman proposed an amendment, intended to
guard more fully the rights of the United States.
Mr. BRIGGS, in view of the importance of the
bill, then moved its postponement until this day
two weeks; which was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
The bill to incorporate the Washington Na-
tional Monument Society was,
On motion of Mr. CHINN, postponed until
the second Monday m January.
PAINTINGS FOR THE  ROTUNDA.
A joint resolution directing contracts to be made
for historical paintings for the rotunda of the
Capitol was taken up.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said he dis-
covered that the resolution proposed that four
artists be employed in the execution of the pro-
posed paintings. He doubted whether four native
artists could be found competent to the under-
taking. The four paintings already placed in the
rotunda wei£ executed by one. If four or more
were employed, he predicted the result would be
the production of very indifferent work, unfit to
be exhibited to the world. He moved to strike
out the word four, so as to leave it optional to
employ either one or more. He did not mean
to say that the same individual should execute
the whole of those paintings; he wished some dis-
cretion might be exercised, in order to procure
worthy specimens of the arts.
Mr. JARV1S said, as chairman of the commit-
tee who reported this resolution, he felt bound to
state the objects which governed them.. There
was no difference of opinion in the committee on
this subject. He had no doubt that four Amer-
ican artists could be found fully equal to the task.
It was desirable to prevent such a monopoly as
produced the paintings already exhibited in the
rotunda, and ho was sure there was nothing so
admirable in those as to disparage the idea of
producing their equal. The difficulty would not
be in finding four competent American artists,
but m selecting from the multitude in the galaxy.
He would not do the arts of his country the wrong
to believe ^the proposed number could not be
found.
Mr. WISE said, in reply to Mr. Adams, that
he hoped the House would pardon a few observ-
ations from him on this resolution and amend-
ment, as he felt a deep interest in the subject.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that he
doubts whether tour American artists can be found
competent to execute these paintings. Sir, I am
proud to say and believe, that tiiis country—the
great masters dead—is richer now in native tal-
ents in the fine arts than any country on the globe.
Without meaning to be invidious in the naming
of our artists, as an American, I will boast that
Allston is the finest historical painter—Sully the
finest portrait painter—and Greeuough is the
finest sculptor in the world. And to these I could
add the names of twice the number/??!)-. One—
Chapman—1 know to have slept upon his easel
during a stay of three years in Italy, before the
works of the old masters in the Vatican, and to
have had an historical painting engraved by the
Academy of Fine A rts at Rome. The counti y is
rich in artists. Though the fine arts are not en-
couraged here, they are indigenous to the country.
The gentleman says that the result of employing
four will be that the paintings will be indifferent.
Sir, 1 cannot see how. There are four panels
in the rotunda to be filled. By selecting an artist
for each, you will enlarge the field of selection,
develop as much native talent as possible, and,
by having more than one artist, you will insure
success m the pictures by competition. Such is
the object of selecting four. The evil of a monop-
oly is now to be seen in the rotunda. The pre-
cedent of Trumbull's paintings, instead of being
quoted for the selection of one artist, should be
cited for the selection of four. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts not knosv, that tiie piece
of the signing of the Declaration of Independence-
was dubbed, by a former representative of Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Randolph,) the " painting of shins?"
It may be seen by any one who will look at them,
that the faces in one are the faces of all four, and
that all the faces in the same piece have all the
same characteristics. There always will be too
much sameness in any four pieces executed by the
same hand, however different the subjects; and,
therefore, there should be different hands to exe-
cute them. Contrast is wanted foreffect, besides
competition for success If four are employed,
four styles of American painting will be exhib-
ited. 1 hope, sir, the resolution will pass in its
original form.
Mr. WARD said, that the subject had been
brought before the committee of which he was a
member at its last session, on the motion of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and it had there been fully discussed. The com-
mittee, in reporting the resolution in its present
shape, considered that it was due to American
artists that these paintings should be distributed
among them. He was proud to know that there
were many American artists fully competent to
this task. He spoke of Sully, .fjlhton, Vanderlyn,
Morse, Chapman, Wier, Peale, Leslie, Trumbull,
./¡gate, Osgood, and others,as native artists, whose
works would never discredit the Capitol of the
nation. With this host before us, he thought it
would be highly inexpedient to confine our selec-
tion to a less number than that which the commit-
tee had proposed. There were, he did not doubt,
many young artists in the country, whose names
were now, perhaps, unknown to fame, but who
only wanted an opportunity to distinguish them-
selves. Chapman and Wier, he considered, were
artists of no inconsiderable merit. They were des-
tined, if generously cherished—if preperly appre-
ciated—to become, at no distant day, the most
distinguished artists in this or any other country.
Nature has endowed these youthful artists with
a taste and genius that qualify either of them to
adorn the walls of our Capitol with the bright
deeds of American history, immortalized by
American genius. There were many of ourartists
worthy and deserving of notice and of patronage,
and he hoped some of them would have an oppor-
tunity of transmitting their names to posterity in
this great work.
Mr. BURGES said,-he could hardly under-
stand what it was that was to secure the immor-
tality of the host of youthful prodigies alluded to
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
If we arc so crowded with artists, (said Mr. B.,)
if we are so annoyed with their inimitable num-
ber, why not let them all have an equal chance
for the prize? Let them select their subjects,
produce their paintings, expose them to every
eye, and let the public select such as are most
worthy of selection. But what are to be the sub-
jects of these paintings? He, for one, felt some-
what tenacious of having a vote on the question*
what subject should be represented in the rotunda?
He was opposed to running any bargains in this
matter. He remembered to have seen some of
the works of Mr Austin, and he would have no
objection to his being employed in the work, pro-
vided the subject was first declared by the House.
The House had before tried in vain to come to a
conclusion on this point, when a subject.for ex-
hibition was proposed to them, and that subject
was the battle of New Orleans ! A matter of thrill-
ing interest, but one which, like many others,
would involve some political feeling. There were
many subjects which could not be painted so as
to give unity to their appearance. He alluded
to the Declaration of Independence, and showed
wherein it was not rendered a fit subject for a
paining. He had seen many attempts to paint
the deluge, but never saw them succeed. Without
unity, a painting becomes a confusion—a rabble—
a rout—a mob—and who could paint a mob?
Nobody—unless it were to place one upon a
stump to make a speech. Mr. B. said he had
not yet so far adopted the theories of the day,
that, if our country contained an Angelo or a
Correggio, he would not employ him for fear of
the cry of monopoly. There was not quite so
much Democracy or agrarianism in him as to
reduce genius to such an equality. If there were
such a galaxy of painters m our country, there
must be some ruling star, some bright luminary
among them, more glorious than the rest. Let
the artist select his subject, and lay it before the
House, and then let the House decide upon it.
Mr. WJSE said, that it had been urged that
this country is not rich enough in artists for four
paintings; but he did notexpect to hear the ques--
tion which had been asked by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Bukges,] " What is there to
call forth so much native talents in the fine arts
in this country?" In this country, sir? It is not
only the richest in the fine arts now, but is the
richest country in the world, sir, in historical
events for the pencil of the painter! In historical
events of the battle-field, and in the council cham-
ber. Every inch of ground in this country is
consecrated to freedom, by events great, holy, and
sacred. . Every State in the Union has events to
be painted. Even the little State of Rhode Island
has a g-renf man to be painted! But, sir, this
was not the meaning of the gentleman. He did
not mean to disparage his country, as well as her
artists. His meaning peeped out before he took his
seat, and was not left smothered in his question.
The gentleman appears to tremble lest the battle
of New Orleans should be put upon canvass—lest
some act or event of the Prejident's life should
be selected as the subject of one of these paint-
ings. Sir, it is not contemplated by any one that
I know of—certainly by no one of good taste—to
make an event, however distinguished, as late as
any of the last war, the subject of one of these
paintings. No artist of good taste, 1 know, would
select any recent event to bo illustrated by aras-
ter-picce; for it is in painting as in novel-writing,
sir—you must go back until you meet events hal-
lowed by time, and magnified and mystified by
antiquity. .For this reason, sir, if the gentleman
chooses to propose the amendment, I for one will
i agree to it, that the selection of subjects shall be
confined to a date antecedent to the treaty of '83.
The gentleman asks, though, why not leave it to
the artists to select the subjects, finish the paint-
ings, and then, if worthy, for the Government to
purchase them ? Sir, to every one who has given
the least attention to the subject, the answer is
easy. The fine arts are hot-house plants. In every
country but this they are encouraged. Every
court of Europe has a student at Rome, where
there is an academy for the study of tHe old
40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
mas'ers   Nosuchinstitutionsaremamtained here
by th° States, the General Government has not
the power of this patronagf, mdpuvate patronage
is alone inadequate     Does the gentleman know
the magnitude of the und( i taking of one of these
paintings, the aitis* thus unaided'   Sir, the artist
must devote himself exclusively for years to the
woik   thiee, five, ay, ten yeais, are not too long
to study and finish i woik to adorn your Capitol
He must study anatom> , he must tiavel to Italy
foi his maten tls and  his composition     What
artist n this countiy tin bear the e\pense and
sacrifice of his ume, unless he has the Government
contiact foi his guarantee'    JNone, unless his
* pockets are hned w tli it least $5,000 to spai e and
to risk     Bt sides, su, above all sensitive men on
eaitb, artists aie the most sensitive     They will
never consent to undertake such immense works,
at so much usk to themselves of pccumaiy loss,
reputation   and feeling, without a certainty of
compensation     Ihiy can nevei be biought by
necessity to  hazard foi tune  and  fame  upon a
painting to be offer* d to this Government—to Le
undervalued—ciiticised by eveiy pietendei  who
knows   not foieshortemng fiom coloiing—and
then to bo lejected, peihaps as unworthy     Sn,
you must encom age their i ffoitsbtfoie you enjoy
the benefits of thousand bcfoityoui countiy will
be graced by then labois    The paintings now m
the lotunda weie voted foi bef ne they were ex
ecuted      I agiee with the gentlcm in iiom Rhode
Island, tint the sell etion of the subjects should
be left to the artists themselves     No aitist can
paint well fiom the selection of   inothei      His
pictuie must be of his own fancy, lie must bu n
with his own conception, 01  hit, pamtn g wil'
never please the eye of the imagination     And if
the gentleman from Rhode Isl nd h id attended to
the resolution, he would hive seen that the stlcc
tion of subjects is left to the aiusts themselves,
subject to the judgment of a select committee
The gentleman asks, vvho could pictuio  i mob'
Hogaith, sir, pictuitd a mob   and if the gentle
man will step into any bookstoie h wing his    n
gravings, he can see a fellow so maddem d with
the rage of a mob, that he is sawing himself
down from the top of a sign post   &n, I suwitly
know wlnt the gi nth man me ins by an " austo
cratic paintui"'," or by «B>'i(««mpiuicip.!cs,in this
discussion     One of the icasons why joi   in lists
are pioposcd to be employed is, that we know
not who is ically the grcu stof th   eoips   lime
is something national in miking the trial     It is
not to pull down the. hist  to the common huí,
but to asccrtiin whetlu rthe favontism of pnvatu
patronage m ty not have distinguished some one
undeseivcdiy ibove the otheis     We have fu
quontly employed foreign aiusts, sn, at a gicat
expense, md I now desne uly much to si e if
Amctica cannot bestow hei fa vol s and lawful
patronage m such a niannci, on Aniciiem artists,
as to nurtuie the finei aits, to lllustiati, in then
turn, the arms, the civicvntucs,aud the glorious
deeds of this illustiious nation
Mr BURGLS did not*risc-to follow the gen
tleman from Virginia [Mr Wisf] thioujh ill
his colorings of the fine aits He muely wished
to contradict one of his asseitions Thi gentle-
man had said that his (Mi B 's) object had
"peeped out"—that he was feailul that some in
cident conntcttd with the life of the piesentC luef
Magistrate might fbim the subject of one of the
proposed paintings He was not in the h ibit of
"peeping ' at all, and vvl ere he could find Ian
guage to cxpiess himself he alw lys used it He
had no desire to withhold fiom postciity the
noble and gloiious achievements of the CI icf
Magistiate but he tiusted m God that postenty
would nevi i be made acquainted with the ictions
and motives of some of those who weie at times
found m the real, supporting the Piesident, and
at other times m fiont, haiassmg and attacking
him
Mr WISEsaid, inreply, that heeould notcon
ceive how h could bo m ulc, 01 how anything he
had said could make hin , the subject of the un
worthy allusion of the gentkman from Rhod
Island I feel myself, sir, incompetent to make
a pioj>a íeplytohim Silence is, perhaps, the
best that couid be made, as that gentleman is no
toriouslya " privdegei character," as he has been
called on this flooi But, sn, 1 cannot conceive
why he should, unless fiom constitutioral weak
ness,*as well as weakness, of old age, go out of
his way to spit at me, on this occasion, his habit-
ual and characteristic venom and mahg-----
[Here the Speaker shook his head ]
Sir, I leave the blank to be filled by the House,
who know him well Sir, I know not, and I caie
not, whether the President, or any friend of his,
desires the battle of New Oileans, or any other
event of his life, the subject of either of these
paintings As I befoie said, I would prefer the
events of the Revolution but I care not what
subjects are selected, so that Amencan artists are
chosen, and the subjects and the execution com-
port with the dignity of our national lustoiy,and
the works tend to nuiture the aits at home, and
íedound to the ciedit of oui own country
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and carried—ayes 104, noes not counted
Aftei some conversation between Messis VIN
TOi\, ADAMS, WISE, and JARVIS, the leso
lution was so modified, on motion of the lattei,
as to confine the subjects of the paintings to in
cidents 11 the histoiy of the countiy pnor to the
peace of 1781   but befo e the question was taken,
On moton of Mr CLAYTON, the House ad-
journed      _____________________
IN SENATE
Tuesday, December 16, 1834
Mi lENTON, fiom the Committee on M h
taiy Affaus, lepoited a bill foi the íeliefofCol
onel John Eugene Leitzendoifei which was read
the fiist time, and oideied to a second loading
BILLS INTRODUCED
Mi PORTER, on leave given, mtioduced i
bill to piovidefoi the legal adjudication of claims
to lands in coi tain cases thoi em ment onod, which
was read twici , md íefeired to the Committee on
Public Lands
Mi    POINDEXTER, on have given, mtro
duced a bill, granting to the borough of Michil
imackinac a certain quantity of public giound,
which was- read twice, and ícferied to the Com
miuoc on Public Lands
Mi   SHEPLEY, on leave given, introduced a
bill in addition to the act granting diawback on
ccitun goods, waics, and merchandise, passed
Januiiy, 1805   which wis icad twice, and lefei
led to tiie Committee on Commeice
Mi BENTON, on leave given, presented a
statement fiom the Tieasuier of the impojts and
( xpoits of specie foi the past yeai up to 13th of
Decembei   which wis ordeied to be punted
Mi   SOU1HARD, on leave given, mtioduced
a bill lelitive toceitainimpiovements in Florida,
wlni h w is íe id twice, and lefened to the Coi l
nuttce oiNnil Allans
TIIE PUBLIC LANDS
M WAGGAMAN submitted the following
lesolution
Re olved, That tlmty copies of the documents
mid moil to the public 1 «ids, now punting by
oidei of the Senate, be distnbuted by the Secic
taij as fellows tin copies to the Libiaiy of
Congiess, ten copies to the ofhee e f the Secret iry
of the Senate ten copies to the office of the Cleik
of the Iloust of Repiesentatives
IMPROVriUENTS OI  THE WABASH RIVER.
On rnotion of Mi   TIPTON, the Senate pro
cetded to consider the lesolution  submitted by
him yisteiday, for an inquiry into the expedí
ency of in ippiopn ition toimpiove the Wabash
All  T  sud he was desuous of making anothei
' effort to obtain an appiopuation to impiove the
nwigation of the Wat ash     It is with great íe-
luctanc , (sud  Mr   T ) that I obtiudu mvsclf
upon the  notice of the Sen"te, but this subject
is of such vital impoitance to my constituents
that I cannot let it rest without making another
efloit  to  scive  tht,m     Bills  have  passed both
bi inches of Congiess at difteientsessions appio
pi i umg mom y to impiove that river, but *othese
bills the Piesident of the United Stites has íe
fused his sanction,! have no doubt, undei amis
taken idea of the claims of the nvei, as well as
the facts of the cas°   I consider it due to mysilt,
and not disrespectful to the Piesident of the Uni
ted States, to say tint I differ fiom him in opinion
m relation to tue powei to appropinte money to
improve the navigation of oui nvers     He does
I not feel authorized to sanction appropriations to
I impiove livers unless it be such as lead to a poit
of entry established by law, and he has more than
once refused his sanction to bills to improve thp
Wabash river upon that ground, as I understand
him I contend that the power exists to approm i
ate money toimpiove nversm any part of the Uni-
ted States where the business of the country and
the capacity of the river require such lmpiove-
ment, and I have no feais in trusting the money *
in the Tieasui y to the discretion of Congi ess and
the President, to be appiopriated to such objects
as the mteiest of the coeuiti y may require Under
the supeivision and control that the people hold
over then public servants through the ballot-box,
all is then perfectly safe
The President, in his annual message, with
which he íeturncd the Wabash bill to the Senate,
h is signified that, if a port of entry was established
on the Wabash, it would bring appiopuations to
impiove th itnvci within the rule that he has laid
down foi the government of his own action in
such cases Without being able to pciceive cither
the wisdom or the justice of the rule, I have de-
termine d to yield to the necessities of the case,
and so fai to coi form to it as to ask the Senate
to pass a bill establishing a port of entiy at the
town of Lafayette, and another appiopnatmg
money to impiove the nvei, and hope that hon-
oiable ¡senators will give both their support
At the late session of Congiess the bill for im-
proving the Wabash was laid before the Presi-
dent on the 28th of June, two days before Con-
gress adjourned, and on the 30th of that month,
on the last day of the session, we received a ver-
bal message through our committee, mfoiming us
that the Piesident of the United States had ap
pioved and signed all the bills passed by the two
blanches of Congress at the then present session,
except that for improving the navigation of the
Wabash and as that bill involved a question of
importance, he had letamed it for further consid-
eration In his message returning this bill to the
Senate, the President stated that he had not been
able to satisfy his mind that the bill ought to pass
Ho goes on to state his objections to extiavagant
appi opriations for internal impiovcment, and
aigues over again the case of the Maysville road
bill, buthesays not onewoid of thements or the
dements of the Wabash bill, against which I con-
tend that no sound leasomng can be produced,
drawn fiom the Constitution or the piactice of this
Government from its foundation Nor am I able
to discover any necessary connection between
the Maysville i oad bill and the Wabash bill The
foimei piovidesfoi a local object—the construc-
tion of a road from one point to anothei within
a State, the latter provides the means to improve
an important nvei, the line of demaication be
tween two States, a leserved public highway, as
I shall piesently show
The common phrase, internal improvement, is
g°nerally used m speaking of roads and canals
these may be local, and best constructed by the
individual State within which they he, because a
load or canal can be constiucted in any direction
thiough a State or county But, sir, improving
the navigation of oui rivers is veiy different The
liveis of the United States are the common prop-
el ty of all everybody may navigate them with-
out let oi hindrance, and that the joint funds of
the nation should improve them cannot, in my
judgment, be denied This principle has been
acted upon from oui earliest history, and I know
of no case where the General Government has-
íefused to improve a river of so much importance
j to any portion of oui country as the Wabash is
to the western States
The appiopuation now asked for is to be ex-
pended in connection with other appropriations
to open a line of commumcation by water fiom
j New \ ork to New Oilcans     It should be borne
in mind that laige appropiiations have been made
to impiove the Huekon, the Mississippi, and the
I Ohio nvers, the New Yoik canal eonm ets the
' Hudson river with lake Ene at Buffalo, the
Wabash and Eue canal will connect lake Ene,
I through the Maumee bay, with the Wabash, at
i oi  near the town of Lafayette     This canal is
upwauls of two hundred miles long, about sev-
enty tight miles in the State of Ohio and one
hundred  and twenty tight within the State of
lndima, this  canal  is now b"ing  constiucted
Tlmty five miles  of that portion of this woik
lying within the State of Indiana is finished, and
lead/ to be filled with water next spring, forty
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
miles more are under comract, and to be com-
pleted next fail and it is m cont< nipl-tion to put
the balance withm Indiana under contract next
season, and there can be no íeasonaüe doubt
but that Ohio will finish hoi pat t of this noble
woik without unnccesM'-y delay, and we look
with confidence to tiic completion oí the whole
woik within thu e yens
Following down the Wibash from the inter-
section of our o mal tl Lafayette to the rapids at
Whi'e n\cr, whtrt the improvement contem-
plated by this motion is to be made, the distance
is about tl ice hundred m.ies, and navigable fot
steam-Doats most of the yrai and fiom these
rapids to tie Ohio is one handled miles, a'so
imitable By nr-piovmg these íapids, and the
comrjli tion of oui ctnal, we will open a water
coram amcation fiom New Yo'k to New 0'leans,
the shot test and the best that ever can be eon-
stiucted actoss this Continent Is su"h a woik
not vv oi thy the at't ntion of the Government'
Ot is the door of the appiopnation now to be
closed on the application of Indiana and Illinois
fot aid to compi te this most impoitaiit public
work ?
The Wabash K5 a reserved public highway, by
a compact between the United States and the
Commonwealth of Viigni'a,at the time that Vir-
ginia ceded the JNoitli western Tm'tory to the
Umt"d States, and by an ordinance of Congiess,
of 13th July, 17b7, the fointh arae'e of this ordi-
nance co icludes thus "The navigable wateis
' leading into the Mississippi and St Lawrence,
' and hc#cdrryin° places 1 ltwi.cn the same, shall
'be common highways, and fotevei fiee, as well
'to the inhabitants of the said Tenitoiy as to
' thf citizens ot trie United States, and those of
'any other State mat may be idnittid into the
' Confederacy, without any tax, impost or duty
' the-efore " Heie is en oidinuice of Cm giefs
older than the Constitution, is embiaced m, and
lias become part of, the Constitution, and it gives
powei to improve the nvtis
By an act of 2d Mirch, 1327, Congress gi anted
lands to aid m constiuc nig a canal, to connect, at
nav tgable points, the watt rs of the Wabash with
those of Lake Erie, and lcseivcd the right to +he
United States to tianspoit tioops and mumt ons
of war on that canal ftec of any chaige Tins
canal is now in lapid piogrLSs of (onstuiction
It lies within the limits of two States, occupying
what was the princ pal eaiiying place, betwten
the Mississippi and ,the St Lawrence, at the
time of foimmg the act of cession and ordinance
above mentioned, the United States having ro-
se! vid the light to use both our nui aid canal,
free of any chdige Can it, then, be unreasonable
01 unconstitutional foi the Gcneial Government
to impiove the navigation of the nvei > I think
not
At the point where this appropna ion is to be
expended,   the W ibash  is   the  line  of demar-
cation In tween the Sutes of Indiana and Illinois
Each of these States has made an appiopnuion
to aid in improving the lapids, but these  young
States have not the ability to complete the w oik
Indiana has contiacted a debt of neailj half a mil
lion in the piosecution of hei  cana!, and it will
piobably be necessaiy to double thitdeht within
the ptesent year, and our people very natuially,
and 1 th nk veiy piopeil) , look to  the Genenl
Government, the gieat landholder in the West,
to lcimpiove these lapids with the money of the
nation, as   it  will  evidently  benefit the   whole
countiy
The State of Indiana pays into the United
States Treasury as laige a sum, as a tax or duty
on goods ívgpoitcd fiom foreign matkets, and
consumed by her citizens, as any State in the
Union of the same population, besides what her
inhabitants pay foi the public lands bought for
cultivation She has no harbors to improve, ex-
cept that of Tiail cicek, on Lake Mic-iiigvn, no
breakwaters to draw millions fiom the Tuasury
in then constiuction She asks nothing but the
improving ot her uvers ivo session of Congress
passes but othei States aie piovided with money
to improve their nveis The Hudson, James,
Savannah, Red, and Cumbeilaiid river", with a
long list of lessei streams that I w ill not detain the
Senate to lead, have all been impioved at the
expense oí the Geneial Government
At the session of Congicss of 1831 '32, a bill
passed, mid wuo appioud, providing Joi improving
the Monongabela and other rivers, to places where
there were no ports of entry* and the Globe, m
apologizing for that approval, says "If the pur-
' poses contemplated bj. Congress can be accom-
' phshed, and the thiee rweis mentioned made
' navigable to the points in question, then ports
' of entry will of course be ostabh^ied at the head
' of navigation " I ask, why not be so liberal to
the Wabash > It is a laiger river than th  Mo-
noiigahela—watering a much nioie extensive
teintory, of the finest soil in the woild, with a
i greatei population to be provided for
To «-how what has  been  done   elsewhere, I
I have procured <t statement showing the  appro-
ptiations of 1832 and 1834, for improving har-
bois and nveis     It rs as follows
, ¿lppiopi lations foi vnpt oting ill eis %n 1832    Laws
1     ofjirst session of Congi ess, lbt>2, page 134
,K(nn£h(o rivei, Maine.............$2,600
I Paseao-ottla nvei   .................15,900
Red nvei, Louisiana,and Aikansas    ... 22,628
Beiwick branch of the Piscataqua nver.       250
i Enaance of the Genesee river........16,000
Cape   I car   nvei,   below Wilmington,
North Caiolma................28,000
Ohio, Missouri, and Mississippi nveis.. 50,000
Tht Pusident to extend the steamboat
navigation from Pittsburg to the Cumbei -
land road at Brownsville, also the Mis-
souii, fiom its junction with the Missis-
sippi, to the mouth of the Kansas nvei,
and also the Uppei Mississippi, fiom St
Louts to Galena, with power to remove
all obs'iuclions in the channel, &c
The Aikansas nvei  ..............15,000
1 he mouth of Conneaut cicek, Ohio  ...    7,800
Removing obstructions at the mouth of
the Ashtabula creek, Ohio   .........    3,800
Removing  obstiuctio is at the mouth of
the Gi u,d nvei, Ohio     .........    2,600
To remove sand bar at the moutn of the
Black iiver                        ..                    .    8 000
Moutl  of Hutoniivei    ...............    ],000
Cumberhnd nvr      ..............    30,000
Savannah nvei    .....................20,000
Appropi laiions foi improving riven, made tn 1834
Laus oj first session of Congi ess, page 68
Cipe Pear river, below Wilmington, Noith Cai
olina.............$5,234
Ohio, Missouri, ai d Mississippi livers  . 50,000
St  Mark's river, Florida.............   4 600
Red river    ........................50,000
Savannah livet, in removing obstructions
from the city of Savannah to its mouth 30,000
Genesee nver, for completing  the  woiks
11     thereon   ......................20,000
'l Grand nver, Ohio, foi lepainngand secui-
¡j      mg the works,     ...................10,000
I   Black river, for securing the works"....    5,000
Haion nveijOhio.......           .       ..    6 700
Ashtabula creek, Ohio    ..............5,000
| C imbt Hand river   ..................30,000
i   Hudson nver, (see page 103)    ..........70,000
This statement shows that millions upon mil
I lions a-e applied to improving nveis and small
l' stKamseastofthc mounta ns   If but ten, twenty ,
!   oi fifty miles long, you call them nveis, and we
vote money to improve them     1 do not mention
this m a spirit ot  complaint, but to show the
' contrast     We have ova five numbed nults of
i Wabash, one thousand miles of Ohio, and two
I thousand mile-  of Mississippi     These we think
piestnt equal claims to attention, and I foil it my
I duty to urge them upon the notice of Co"gios-
•Vll other nveis besidt s the Wabash have been
j improved by the United tetatesTwhile bills tor
that nvei have b°en vetoed oi withheld     Was
this necessaiy for the public good oi ísitjastand
proper'   Do those in power think that my con
stituents  will íemain forever silent under such
encumstances-'    I do not mean, Mi   Pitbident,
. to chatge the Chief Mag strait   with intfntional
| lnjustiiL, but only to svy , th it he has acted ui der
a ni'SUken ippichension of the facts, which has
¡ woikcd injustice to my constituents
j      I have recently been taught that a system is
I practiced to ki ep men silent that aie disposed to
speak out     When C inguss adjourned last sum
mer, I addressed a cnculai to my constituents,
-  T h appropriation is for the improvement of tile Mo
nong In la nver, upon vvlucn there never has been anj port
of entry eotubli bed
informing them of what had been done for their
benefit, and what was left undone, but said noth-
ing flattering of the treatment that the Wabash
bill had met with, and concluded by adv ising the
people to correct these wrongs at the ballot-box.
After the publication of my circulai, the Globe, a
newspapci printed in this city, devoted three or
four of its long columns m abusing me, because
I har] dated thus to address my constituents. But,
sir, I do not feel injured by this attack of the
Glol* The writer m that paper must establish
a charac*t rfoi tiuth ard veiacity among the peo-
ple of Indi ma, bcfoie they will take lus woid
against one they have known long and known well.
1 he writer of the article referí ed to has mistaken
his man, if he thinks that I can be hshed into
silence, foi the powei of the press, nor no other
pov/er, can intimidate or will keep me silent while
the inteiestof Indiana is at stake, and in this case
of the Wabash bill I contend that justice has not
been meted out to hei
A Piesident, or other public officer, is but a
tiansient being—here to day, gone to-monow,
but the principles of justice, upon which our
Government should be administered, aie immuta-
ble, and will endure m all time to come Every
Dubhcman owesaheavy responsibility to his con-
stituents, and I would have felt unworthy tne
trust reposed m me, if I had remained sile,u on a
subject so deeply interesting to those I have the
lionoi, m part, to represent here.
The term of service of the present Chief Magis-
trate is drawing to a close, what he has done, he
has done, it must go down to postenty to form
his political character, and God knows that I n  d
not, if I could, pluck a laurel fiom his biow, but,
sir, this subject of improving our livers cannot
rest heie, the people should take it into then own
hands, and in selecting a successor for the present
incumbent, befoie they cast their votes, they
should ascertain whethei he is foi or against in-
ternal improvement No, sn, that is too broad
a teim, it cai be explained away or constiued to
mean an/thing or nothing, They should know
whethei the candidates aie for oi against improv-
ing the navigation of our rivers, and I avei that
no men holding the opposite doctrine need expect
one fourth of oui votes
I hope, sn, that this resolution will be adopted,
and that both Congress and the President w.ll
agree that the United States should improve this
nvei I cannot believe, without more evidence
than is now before me, that there's a disposition
in eithei to prevent it when the question is piop-
eily undeistood."
*As Mr Tipton's remarks, made on the floor
of the Senati, implicating thp character of our
press, have the advantage of a place in the Con-
gressional Globe, as part of the debate, we feel
bound to submit the refutation through the same
channel Tf we c mnot meet oui honoi able assail-
ants where they tike the privilege of making their
attacks, they will at least allow us to reply in our
own forum —Eddors of the Globe
Irooi the Ddilj Globe of December 18
" Senator Tipton
" This gentleman, in a speech made by him i 
the Senate, which appeared in the Globe yestei-
day, as sent by himself foi publication, makes
the following rcmaik
" ' I have lecently been taught that a systt m is
' piacticed to keep men silent that aie disposed to
' speak out When Congress adjourned last sum-
'mei, I addiessed a cnculai to my constituents,
' mfoimingthem of what had been done foi thcr
' benefit,and what was left undone, butsaid noth-
' mg flattering of the treatmt nl that the Wabash
'bill had met with, and concluded bv advising
' the people to eonect thes^vi ongs at the ballot-
1 box After the pMicatimt of the circular, the
' Globe, a neu^ptper printed m this city, dehoted
' llu ee oi fom cfits long columns in abiismg me, be-
' cause I 'tad daied thus to add) ess my constituents
' But, sn, I do not feel injuicd by this attack of
' the Globe.    The tinier mi that papei must cstab-
42                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 16,
Mr WEBSTER said he did not understand [
whether the subject mattei of the present reso- j
lution was foi an appioprittion to improve the
Wabash, 01 whether it was the resolution sub-
mitted some days ago by the honorable membei,
[Mr Tipton,] which directed an inquny, by a
committee, into the expediency of making a poit
of entry high up on the Wabash
[The resolution was again read at Mr  W 's
request ]
Mr W  resumed     That «solution, as Ite un-
derstood it, was for the purpose of removing the
* lish a character for ti uth and %ci acity among the
'people vf Indiana, before they will lake his word
' against one they have known long, andhnown well
'The writer of the aiticlerefeiredto has mistaken
'his man, if he thinks that I can be lashed into
' silence, for the power of the press, nor no othei
'power, can intimidate 01 will keep me silent
'while the interest of Indiana is at stake, and in
'this case of the Wabash bill I contend that
'justice has not been meted out to her '
"We ha\e maikcd in italics the passages in
the above to which we would invoke the att* ntion
of the public It will be seen that Mi Tu i on
makes a question of veiacity with us, which he
refeis to its decision We most cheerfully submit
ouisehes to its judgment, and will agree to stand
forever branded as a calumniator, if a single
honest man in the country shall say that, in the
article to which Mr Tipton alluded in the Senate,
there is one false chaigc brought against him, or
anything like abuse
" We give below the whole article on which
the Senator from Indiana has based the charge,
that we have ' DtvoTgD thrff or four of its
(the Globe's) long columns in abusing him'—
and we peremptorily deny, that theie is a single
line in that aiticle, or that we e\er wrote any
other article m relation to Mr Tipton, which
will justify his assoition On the contrary, it
will bt seen that, although m his circular Ik has
insinuatid a strong impeachment of the Piesi
dent's motives m r< fusing Ins signatuie to the
Wabash bill, yet, in our leply, which was in
tended to vindicate the Chief Magistiatc fiom
the aspersions of the Senator, we caiefully ab-
stained fiom making any rcmaik whic h could be
construid into ritihition, 01 savonng, in the
slightest deguo, of vindictive íetort
"As Gcntial Tipton has so wantonly and
unjustly assailed us on the floor of the Senate, as
having abused him, and of violating tiuth in
giving vent to the bad feeling which induced such
a course, he will pardon us foi stating some cn-
cumstanees which, we trust, will satisfy Mi
JTipton that our disposition towards, him has,
been directly the reverse of that imputed.
" Mi. 1 in on was for many years an Indian
agent He has acqun ed a gi eat estate in the lands
obtained by treaties from the Indians, while he
held his agency These lands he upon the
Wabash, and m the neighboihoodof the route of
the canal, through which the Senatoi proposes to
unite the navigation of the Lakes with that of the
Mississippi One of the Representatives of Indi
ana had icsolved to exhibit charges against Mr
Tipton. We entertained so good an opinion of
Mr Tipton as to bclie-ve him incapable of the
wrong imputed, anirroterested ourselves person-
ally to prevent the publication of the contemplat-
ed accusation against him We still hope that
there is some mistake in the grounds upon which
the gentleman to whom we have alluded intended
to rest his charges, but when we find Mr Tipton
constitutional objections urged by the President I
against the appropnation by Congress foi the
improvement of that river He did notpiopooe
to argue the question involved m the objection at
this time, though he pioposcd to do so when the
question should come up He would, however,
only íemark that hedid not compiehend,if Con-
giess did not possess the constitutional power to
improve the navigation of a stream, how the po wei
todo so could be acquned by first establishing a
port of entry upon the stream As to the present
resolution, he thought theie could be no objection
ready to assail oui press without cause, to grati-
ly the malignity of the Opposition m the Senate,
and evidently with a view to conciliate their sup-
port to a measure calculated to advance the value
of his  lands, we must confess that we feel our
faith in him somewhit diminished     What will j
not a man do, who is íeady, without provocation, |
to saenfice a friend to  the Moloch opposition, to |
induce them to pander to his own personal in-
terests ?
"But Mi Tipton is ready to appeal to the
ambition, as well as the malice, of the Opposition
leaders, to cany his measure in the Senate
" 'This subject of impiovingour nveis cannot
' rest here     The people should take it into their I
' own hands, and, in selecting a successor for the I
1 present incumbent, before they cast their votes,
' they should asceitaniwhethei hei« for or against
' internal  improvement      No,   sir,  that is  top
'bioad a term, it can  be  explained  away, 01
' construed to mean anything 01 nothing, they
' should know whether the candidates are for or I
' against improving the navigation of our rivers,
' and I aver that no men holding the opposite doctrine
' need expect one fourth of our votes '
" Mi  Tipton having thus, in effect, promised
tin ee fourths of the State of Indiana to some can-
didate for the Presidency in favor of 'impioving
the navigation of our ra>ei<!,'Mi  Webstfr in
stantly takes him at his word, and responds
"' With regai d to the i f solution undci considcr-
' ation, he had no objection to its adoption He had
' no mme doubt of the right oj Congiess to improve
' the navigation of the Wabash, than to appi opnate
' money foi the Delawaie b> eakwatei, jor the un-
' piovemeiit of Boston haibor, to ei ect Jortifications, ,
(to improve a harboi ml alee Enc,oi to build a light-
' house at the mouth of the Bahze
"So, it seems that the log-iollmg system of
yoting away money laised by taxes on the people
geneially, to secuie the influence of paiticular
sections or States, is to be íesumed, under the
auspices of Mcssis WrissTkR and Tipton This
looks like a wedding ' ' '
" With one further íemark, we dismiss the
subject    Mi   Tipton says
" * Jill other rivers haie been improved except the
' Wabash, while bills for that liver are vetoed ot with
' held '
" Is this tiue# We deny it positn ely   The ap-
pi opuations applied under the direction of Piesi- '
dent Jackson have all been confined to streams I
leading to ports of entry or delivery     Mr Tip- ,
ton instances the Monongahek as one to which
an appropnation has been made, and on which
no poit of entry has been established     It is true i
that an appropnation^was put at the disposal of I
the President, authonzing him to lay it out in I
impioving the Ohio, Mississippi, and Mononga- l
hela     He exerted the discretion given him in the
act, and applied it on the Ohio and Mississippi— I
and exclusively  below the ports of entry   on |
each."
to it He voted hst year for the bill making the
appropnation to impio\e the Wabash and he
entertained no moie doubt about the constitution il
power of Congress to do so, than he did of the
powoi to construct a bie ikwatei at the mouth of
the Delawaie—to elect foiuftcationb—toimpiove
Boston harbor, oi the harbors in Lake Ene He
had no sciuplcs whatevei ibout it He thought
last ycal that the people of Indiana had clauiib,
and theiefoie he voted for the bill And if the
honorable gentleman thought he had any píos
pect of obtaining the passage of a law for the pur-
pose, he would support it igam He (Mr W )
thought there was no íeasonable piospect of
success, so long as the councils of the nation
were so much divided as they were at present on
this subject
Mr TIPTON made a few other remarks, after
which, the resolution was adopted
ELECTION OF A CHAPLAIN.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order
of the day, which was <hc election of Chaplain
The ballots having been taken, resulted as fol-
lows
Mr Hatch..........................22
Mr   Pen y.........................7
Mi   Stockton  ........................ 1
Mr   Sheer.........................6
Mr   Ungertr   .....                  .........3
Mi   Biook...............       2
Mr  Sargent   .......................I
Mi   Higby    ..........................3
45
No person having a majoiity of votes, the Sen-
ate proceeded to a second ballot, when the follow-
ing was the result
• Mr  Hatch..........................22
Mi   Peiry    .........................0
Mr  Sheer..................7
Mi   Tipton.....                 ......          1
Mi   Higby........................1
Mr  Saigent..........................  1
Mr Stockton.............*............1
Mi  Brook.........................      1
A3
Mr Hatch, having receiveu a majority of all
the ballots given, was dcclaied duly elected Chap-
lain for the piesent session
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolution submitted  ycsteiday  by Mr
Hi.\dricks, relative to certain post roads, and
one submitted by Mr   Tipton, relative to im-
proving the haibor of Tiailcreek, wcicadopted
SPECIAL ORDER.
On motion of Mr BENTON, the resolutions
submitted by him, íelaüve to an alteration of the
Constitution, were oideied to be printed, and
weie made the special order of the day for Mon-
day next
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF WISCONSIN.
The bill to establish the terntoiial government
of Wisconsin was read a second time, and, on
motion of Mi Kane, referred to the Judiciary
Committee
GRANT OF LAM).
The bill giantmg a township of land to the
Piench University at St Louis wa¡>, on motion
of Mr Benton, rcfeired to the Committee on
Public Lands
PROCEEDS Or THT PUBLIC LANDS
Mr CLAY moved that the bill introduced by
him, to distiibute, far a limited time, the pio-
ceeds of the sales of public hndsamong the sev-
eral States, be taken up, and made the order of
the day for Tuesday, the 30th instant
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tdesüay, December 16, 1834
Petitions and memorials weie presented by
Mr  HUBBARD, of New Hampshire,
Mr  TRUMBULL, of Connecticut,'
Mr HALT , of Vermont
Messrs   McVEAN, G-ILLET, and HUNT-
INGTON, of New York,
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Mr  McKIM, of Maryland,
Messrs  CHINN, LOYALL, ALLEN, Mc
COMAS, CLAIBORNE, and ROBERTSON, of
Virginia ,
Mr  TOHNSON, of Kentucky,
Mr LEA, of Tennessee
Messis CORWIN andMITCHELL, ofOluo,
Mi  EWIMG, of Indiana
Messrs  CASEY and MAY, of Illinois,
[Mr C\sey presented trie petition of Janet
Gasten, widow of John Gasten, deceased, a sol
dier of the Revolution, praying remuneration for
sei vices rendered, and losses sustained, during
the i evolutionary war, which, on his motion,
wis referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims ]
Mr  WHITE, of Florida,
Which petitions and memorials were referred
to appropriate committees
REPORTS FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mi    POLK, from  the  Committee of Ways
and Means, repoited the following bills
A bill regulating the deposits of the public
money of the United States in certain local banks,
A bill to repeal so much of the act entitled "An
act transferí ing the duties of commissioner of
loans to the Bank of the United States, and abol-
ishing the office of commissioner of loans," as
requires the Bank of the United States to peiform
the duties of commissioner of loans for the several
States, and
A bill to authorize the sale of the bank stock
of the United States
The said bills were read twice, and, on mo-
tion of Mr POLK, their further consideration
was postponed to, and they were made the spe
cial ordeis of the day foi, the first Monday in
Januaiy
Mi POLK, from the same committee, report-
ed a bilí making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other-pensions of the United
States for the year 1835, which was lead twice,
and committed to a Committee of the Wholi
Mi JOHNSON, of Kentucky, fiom the Com-
mittee on Military Affaus, reported the following
bills, which were read twice and committed
A bill foi the bettei organization of the corps
of topographical engineers,
A bill providing foi the gradual increase of the
corps of engineers, and for other purposes, and
A bill to authonze the appointment of addi-
tional paymasters
Mr  J , fiom the same committee, rtpoited a
bill extending the time foi  issuing military land
wanalits to the officeis and soldiers of the levo
lutionary  aimy, winch was  read twice, and di-
rected to be engrossed for a thud reading
Mr WAYJN E, fiom the Committee on Foreign
Relation , repoited the following bills, which
weie read twice and committed
A bill to authorize the allowance of certain
chaiges in the account of the Amencan consul at
London,and                                                                '
A bill to piovide for the settlement of the
claim of Mai y O'Sullivan                                          j
Mi WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Aftans, íeported a bill authorizing the enlistment
of boys in the naval service, which was read
twice and committed
Mr MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resoultion,
which was agreed to
Resolved, 1 hat the Committee on Roads and
Canals be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the lesolution instiucting them to inquire
into the expediency of making an appropriation
foi the impiovement of the road through the
Homochitto swamp, on the mail íoute from
Natchez to New Oileans, and that the resolution
be refeired to the Committee of the Whole, to
which has been íefeired a bill embracing the same
object
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday,
weie taken up and agreed to
By Mr  McKim
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy
be directed to have assayed at the Mint of the
United States all foreign gold and siher coins
now m circulation throughout the United States,
and to furnish this House wi'h a statement of the
quantity of fine gold and silvei contained in each
of the said coins, and then current value at the
Mint, agiceably to the law passed at the last
session of Congress, regulating the value of gold
and silver coins
By Mr Thomas, of Maryland
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is requested, to communicate to this
House any information he has received, oi can
obtain, concerning the official proceedings of the
Government directors in the Bank of the United
States
By Mr Mercer
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be dnected to lay before this House a copy of
any contract which may have been made since
the last session of Congiess, for the construction
of a bridge across the Potomac, within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and an estimate of the probable
cost of the same, according to the teims of such
contract
By Mr  Blair
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be in-
structed to furnish this House with a copy of the
survey of the falls of the river Ohio, also, the es-
timate made by Captain Henry Shneve, or*the
pi obable cost of impro\ ing the navigation through
the falls, as also his plan for doing the same
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr Fulton, was taken up
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the Pro-
ceedings and Discussions of the French Chamber
of Deputies on the subject of the tieaty between
France and the United States, be printed for the
use of the membeis of this House
After a short explanation by Messrs EVER-
ETT of Massachusetts, FULTON, and FOS-
TER, the lesolution was amended by striking
out "five thousand," and inserting "ten thou-
sand," when it was agreed to
On motion of Mi WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of directing an appropnation to be made for the
impiovement of thp Monongahela river, from
Middletown, m Virginia, to Pittsburg, in Penn-
sylvania
On motion of Mr LOYALL, it was
Resolved, TÜat the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions inquire into the expediency of granting to
the heiis or legal Representatives of Josiah Hop-
kins, a seamen, who was wounded on board the
United States sloop of war Hornet, during the
late war with Great Britain, arrears of pension to
which he was entitled, from the 23d of March,
1815, to the 5th of September, 1833
On motion of Mr ALLEN, of Virginia, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
changing the time of holding the United States
couit for the western district of Virginia, at
Clarksburg
On motion of Mi SPEIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instiucted to mqune
into the expediency of establishing a post load
fiom Kingston to Greenville, North Caiolma
Mi CLAYTON submitted the following reso
lution
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means mqune into the expediency of reporting
a law foi the puipose of lemitung the duties on
locomotive engines, railroad car wheels with
íolled non tires, axles, spunsfs, &c , already
impoi ted, or which mav hereafter be imported
within two years
Mr DENNY moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the " Committee of Ways and
Means," and inserting the " Committee on Man-
ufactures "
Mi CLAYTON was opposed to the amend
ment On formei occasions, similar piopositions
had been ltfernd as he pioposed Anything
having lelation to the imposition or remission of
duties belonged peculiarly to the Committee of
Ways and Means
Mr DENNY concerted it nregulai to send to
the Committee of Ways and Means a matter af
fecting the mdusti y of the country, and which
propeily belonged to the Committee on Manu-
factures This was not strictly a proposition of
revenue, and he hoped his amendment would be
agreed to
Mr SPEIGHT was in favor of the resolution
as it was ongmally offered He would not im-
pugn the motives of the members of the Commit-
tee on Manufactures, but a majority of that com-
mittee was in favor of the protective principle.
The Committee of Waysand Means were charged
exclusively with the care of the revenue and the
manner of raising it They would, therefore,
give to the subject an impartial investigation A3
had been remarked, similar references had been
heretofore made, and he hoped no attempt to
stifle or smothei this inquiry would prevail
Mi PARKER did not regard this proposition
as one of revenue or finance It was not a qu es-
tion whether the íevenue should be íeduced, but
whether it was good policy to admit ceitam arti-
cles free of duty, and how far such a measure
might affect an important branch of home indus-
try The question was a simple one, and fiom
its very teims it was evident that the inquiry
properly belonged to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr POLK referred to the practice heretofore
in similar cases, toshow that the inquiry properly
belonged to the Committee of Ways and Means
He was indifferent as to the disposition which the
House might make of the proposition
Mr EVERETT, of Vermont, presumed that
the main object of the gentleman from Georgia
was a reduction of the revenue. He referred to
the former practice of the House,and the prece-
dents cited by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr Poltc ] They were not in point, and were
generally cases where articles had been already
imported, and didnot look to future importations,
&c
[The further discussion of the lesolution wa< 
here arrested by a call for the orders of the day ]
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Tieasuiy, in response
to a resolution of the House of the 11th instant,
calling for information in regard to the causes
which had retarded the issuing of patents to lands
in the State of Louisiana, which was laid on the
table
PRINTING AN ANNUAL REGISTFR.
A joint lesolution directing the Secretary of
State to compile and cause to be printed an an-
nual register of all persons employed in the civil
and mihtaiy seivice of the United States, was
read the third time and passed
RIGHT OP WAT.
The joint resolution granting the right of way
through the public property of Haiper's Teny,
to the Potomac and Winchester Railioad Com-
pany, was read the third time and passed
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were read the third turn!
and passed
Tor the relief of Samuel Bi agdon, David Chase,
and otheis,
Tor the- relief of Charles Gordon and others,
For the relief of William McLam and others,
Foi the relief of William P   Zantzmgcr,
For the relief of Silas D   Fisher,
For the íebef of Tufts and Clarke,
Foi Ihe relief of Humphrey B Gwathmey,
For the relief of Robert Halle,
For the íehef of the heirs of Evan Edwaids,
Foi the relief of the hens and representatives
of William Giaham,
For the íelief of Samuel S Lord,
Tor the relief of Samuel Hunt,
For the relief of Marcus dumcyand William
Gorham, of Portland, and
A bill foi the relief of Francis Lasselle and
otheis, Michigan volunteers
4RMY AND NAVY PAY.
On motion of Mr WATMOTjGH, the House
íesolved itself into Committee of the Whole (Mr
Briggs in the chair) on the bill to equalize and
regulate the piy of the officers of the Aimy and
Navy of the United States, and the amendment
lepoitcd to the same by the select committee to
whom the bill had been recommitted, (which
amendment proposed to strike out the original,
44                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 17,
and mseit m lieu thereof, a bill to íegulate the
pay of the ~\avy of the U i ted States )
Mr HARPER offered in am ndment to that
pan of the ami ndment which fixed the compensa-
tion of the senior captain, when commanding a
squadron, at $j,500 pei annum, so as to make the
allowance £,4,500
Mi H thought the b 11 calculated to pampei
and compensate too highly the higher grade of
officus, while many of those in a suooidinate
station wore not competently provided for, and
went at some length into tne ments of the entire
subject
Mi WATMOUGH addiessed th committee
in ícply, md against the amendment of his col
leagues He went into a detailed explanation of
the view of the committee which leported the
bill He dwelt with emphasis on the injustice
which is done to many of the olficeis in the Nav y
of the United States by the inadequacy of then
pay
Mr   M\NN, of New Yoik, next addiessid
the committee in íeply to Mi   Watmough, in the
couisc of which  he commented at length upon
the whole subject     He was in hvor of equalizing
the pty of the officeis of the Aimy and Navy
but he piefened that this should be done by le
ducmg the compensation of the officers of the
Army to that of the pay given to those engaged
in the naval sen ice   lie b< lieved that the sahnes
genu illy given to those engaged in the public
servid ought to be uduecd instead of being in
cicased       He   hid   no  objections to   a  piopei
mcieasc of the pay of a captain commanding &
squ idion on a foreign station, but not to the ex
tint pioposod     Ho concluded his lomarles by
moving to stake out tin enacting clause
The CHAIR decided the motion out of oidei,
but on being it feu od to the rule of the House by
Mr SPLIGH1, tin motion was enteitlined
Mi  WARD biiefly opposed the piopositionof
his colleague, [Mi   Mann ] when it was ncga
tived
Aftei a few additional remaiks by Messrs
HARPER and WATMOUGH,
Mi WA"iNE said, the subject had now been
brought, by tin dismssion which had taken place,
to the notice of the Housi He ü usted that even
the gentleman from Now Yoik, [Mi Mann,]
when he had time foi lcflection, must be con-
vinced of the propriety of the pioposed mcasuie,
and in oidcr to give fuithei tin <. foi an examina-
tion of the subject, h< moved th it the commit
tee use and ícpoit piogrcss, which was agiecd
to
When the House adjourned
IN SENATE
Widni sday, Dccemba 17, 1834
Petitions  and  momouals were  presented  by
Messis   rYLLR, CLAYTON, ROBBINS, and
PORTER
IfOUSF BIILS RETERRrD.
The following bills from the House of Repie
sentatrw s weie re id the fust time, and referíed to
the appropriate committees
A lomt resolution diucting the Secietaty of
State to compile and cause to be punted an an-
nual rtgistei of all persons employed in the civil
and militaiy seivice of the United ¡states,
The joint, resolution granting the light of way,
thiough the public propeity at Haipcr's Fdiy,
to the Potom lc and Wincheitci Railroad Com
pan y
A bill foi tin rein f of Samuel Biagdon, David
Chasi, and othi rs,
Foi the relief of Charles Goidon and others,
Foi the ichef of William McLain and otheis,
For the relief of William P Zantzinger,
For the ichef of Silas D Fisher,
Foi the relief of Tufts and Clarke,
Foi the relief of Humphrey B  Gwathmey,
For the lelnf of Robert Haile,
Foi the relief of the heiroof Lvan Edwaids,
For the relief of the hens and leprescntatives
of William Graham,
Foi the ichef of Simucl S, Loid,
For the relief of Samuel Huntt,
For the lehef of Marcus Quincy and William
Gorham, of Portland, and
For the tenet of Francis Lassclle, and others
Michigan volunteers
BILLS REFERRED.
A bill to define the claims to land in Louisiana
and the Territory of Aikansas was read a second
time, and lcfened to the Committee on Public
Lands
The bill to allow further time to complete the
issuing and location of military land warrants,
during the late war wai also read a second time,
and refeired to the Committee on Public Lands
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mi POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, leported a bill to provide for the
legal adjudication of claims to lands therein men-
tioned
Mi BENTON, from the Committee on Mill
taiy Affairs, reported a bill for the i chef of J and
W  Bceson and otheis
BILLS INTRODUCED
Mr POENDEXTER, on leave given, mtio
duccd the following bills, which weie read twice
and committed
A bill for the relief of Ca'vin Smith,
A bill foi the relief of Elizabeth Magi udei, and
A bill foi the íehef of Andrew Knox
Mr KING, of Al ibama, on leave given, lntio
duced a bill for the ichef of Thomas lthoads and
Jeremiah Austen, which was lead twice and com
mitted
Also, a bill making an appioprntion to com-
plete a road fiom Lyme creek to Ghattahoochic,
Wiiieh was read twice and committed
Mr BELL, on leave given, mtioduced a bill
for the n lief of Petti H Gieen, which was read
twice and committed
Mi SOUTHARD, on leave given, introduce!}
a bill for the completion of certain impiovements
in riorida, which was lead twice and committed
RESCriUTION ADOPTED
The following resolution, submitted yes'crday
by Mi  Claytov, was considered and adopted
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
beinstiuctcd to mquue into the expediency of
providing by law foi the jiayment of a salaiy to
the marshal of the Delaware distuct
TRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mi WEBSTER then moved that the Senate
piocccd to the consideiation of the bill to make
eompi libation foi Tiench spoliations on Ameri-
can commeicc pnoi to 1800, which was agreed
to
Mi WEBSTER said, that this subject had
been so often befoie the Scnite, and he busted it
was so wtll undtistood, that he should notíe-
peat wh tt he had sud on a former occasion in
rtgai d to it The case had been fully im estigated
befoie, and seveial lepoits had been made upon
the ments of the claims proposed to be compen-
s ited, accompanied by vanous documents, state-
ments, and estimites these had been punted,
and weie famihai to the mcmlx is of the Senate
At the last session, he entei ed into an examination
of these claims, but he did not intend to go at
length into the subject now He would only
state, m very ft vv words, an outline of the
grounds on which the claims rested The bill
pioposed to mike satisfaction, to an amount not
exceeding five millions of dolíais, for seizuies,
captuies, and sequcstiations, upon American
commerce pnoi to th( yeai 1800 lhe bill sup-
posed, in the fii^t place, that illegal seizuies and
captuies weie made on the vessels and propeity
of the citizens of the United States before 1800
Secondly that these acts of wiong weie com-
mitted by such authois, and undei such circum
stances, as gave to the suflereis th< right to de-
mand indemnity theicfoi fiom Fiance The bill
assumed one othei position, and that was, that
all such claims had an equity upon the United
States which called upon the Government of the
United States to give them indemnity These
were the grounds on which the bill was flamed
That many aggiessions, confiscations, and acts
of wlong had been committed upon the property
of the citizens of the United St ttes, there was no
doubt, and that they weie committed undei cir-
cumstances which gave them the right to claim
from the Fiench Government indemnification, was
also doubtless There were only two questions
then presented   One was, on what ground was it
that the Government of the United Stat"s was
answerable foi the indemnity for wion_,s com-
mitted puor to 1800' And the othei vas, to
whit extent weie the United S ut^s 1 o i id? T1 o
answci to the fust question was, because, by a
treaty between the United States and Fiance foi
a consideiation valuable to the United States, the
Government of the United States di^cbaiged the
Government of Fiance from all liability foi this
indemnity It wtiiFxipon the giound of disputes
arising between the parties, of a negotiation rati-
fied, and ultimately of an offset of the lespcctne
c'aims, one against the other, and thus meigmg
them forever—in shoit, that the result was, the
treaty of commeice of 1798 Theie was aicpo t
some years ago upon this subject, giving *lns
short view of it Itwas thenuigid th d the claim
was woithless, by the operation of time, vvl ich
gave no hope of indemnity fiom Fínico, and
undei the accumulation of these objections there
Mas no hope,even if the Government had not
rehased them, and therefoie the Government
ought not to pay them But Mi W contended,
we had advanced too far at this time, to urge th s
hypothesis Other claims, no less valuable than
these wire, h id been piessed upon Fiance, and
she had stipulated to pay in satisfaction of them,
twenty five millions of flanes It had nevci been
supposed that the claims prior to 1800 could be
compensated out of this fund, because they had
been íehased Undei the late treaty, a board of
commissioneis had been established to ascertain
the extent and validity of the claims conten pUttd
undei itspiovisions,and the board had determined
that this class of claims had no light to be paid
out of that fund, but only those subsequent to
1800 These (Mi W said) weie the claims The
United States had relinquished them by this act
of the Government, the citizen^ of the United
States injured by it had no light to apply to the
Government of fiance foi indemnity, noi to be
paid out of the tw enty five millions The othei
question was, as to the amount It might be
asked, how we could fix the five millions' His
answer was, that the amount m the bill, estimating
the number of captuies and confiscations, vessels
seized, burnt, and destroyed, compaicd with the
claims against Fiance, admitted, did not meet tne
leal amount due But he did not wish oi intend
to go into a discussion of the bill at length, noi
would he do so, unless a debate ensued which
lendcied it nocessaiy
Mi TYLER said, that this subject was of
gieat importance, both as regaided the amount
specified m the bill and the piinciples involved in
it He had investigated it to some extent, and
had come to the conclusion that the claimants had
no just claim He had listened attentively to the
argument of the honorable member fiom Massa
chusetts and however capable he was of shaking
his opinion and convictions on a question of law,
he had not yet convinced him of his enor on th s
subject But he was not prepaied to discuss the
quest on now It went back to the year 1796,
and embiaced a period up to 1800—he must the  e
foie look into the history of the times of that pe-
nod These claims hid been iep"ated!y uiged
at that very time, by one Mmstei aftei anothei,
of our Government, upon France Evciy duty of
pressing them had been discharged by this Gov
eminent to every one of its citizens But the
main giound upon which the claims rested was,
that we had en'eied into a convention with
France, by winch they were lostsightof This
was the whole amount of it, and foi himself he
he could not distinguish it fiom any oidmary
case of a treaty of peace How could any Anei-
ican citizen come here and ask compensation be-
cause the Government of the United States h id
compromised his chum by a treaty of peace > As
well might an individual whose pioperty had been
captured by a Bntish cruisei duiing the lite war
come heie and demand to be retributed foi it,be
cause his claim had been compromised by the
treaty of peace at Gnent But there was anothei
consideiation The best part of these claims
went to the insurance companies, and if we were
bound to íetnbute them for then losses, we were
equally entitled to íeceive a share of their piofits
—their premiums, it was well known, were mon-
strous He would ¡ike to see the account stated
fairly If we take the losses, let us take the pro-
fits Mr T said, he was willing thus to state the
account, for the most immense profits were made
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
at tl at period in trade but he did not intend to
orgu° the question, his design was simply to
awaken attnntmn to th   subject
Mr BENTON ^aid he vv is pleased to see that
the fff>n le-m in fiom Vngmia [Mr Tylfr] had
ope ned the debate upon the true grounds—the
pimeiplo involved, and the amount apnroonated
in the bill Duimg fourteen years that he (Mr
B ) had tie honor rf ase it on this floor, OTather
dunngtcn yc^-s of that tirrife, ho had nanowly
watched this Lull He had been constantly anx
lous that some genJcman competent to the task
would do justice to it, and place the subject be
foio the American people in the point of viewm
■which it ought to he placed He (Mr B ) had
not had tint to look into the question We had
a \olune of six hundred pages lud on oui tables
some yens ago, which was only an epitome—
no, it was not an epitome, foi that term implied
that the whole subj< ct vas biought out, but it
was only a one sided exhibition of the case, the
papéis being selected by the agent Then reports
ha I been m ide on the subject He meant nothing
unkind in allusion to them, but they had come
foi ward, not in a way to command entire respect
This bill, too, was framed upon this ex parte doc
umtni He did not complain of it, buthe thought
there ought to be a minority leport which should
go into the whole subject The committee who
íeported 'he bill was composed of five, three of
whomv ere well known to be in favor of the claim
Oik gentleman [Mr Preston] was not heie,and
the otl or [Mi Grindy] was literally swamped
in the business of the Post Office, from which
he did not expect to be relieved until the middle
of Icbiuciiy Tiie committee was so named
as that it was impossible to bring the subject
befoic the country He (Mi B) had not time
to examine it now but, if the bill was not to be
galloped through at once, he would take it up
and tiy to make himself master of it He was
\ei) glad that the honoiable gentlemen from Vir
gima [Mi Tyler] had tuined his attention to it
All B said Ins own convictions were strong that
the bill ought not to piss, and he should feel him
self culpable and regardless ot the mteiests of his
countiy if he omitted to give it his attention The
time to which the claims related weie not limited
to 1793, but went back to '7G, they weie not
limited to acts of the revolutionai y Government,
but would include any that could be tiumped up
under Louis XVI ,oi the first jeai of the consul
ate Was there e\er an instance of such an
llhmit ule bill L went back to the time when
there migl t be a citizen of the United States, and
the dooi was opened as widely as possible foi the
admission of claims Language could not be
loosn thin the phraseology of the bill Was
theieany c*>seof s lzuie, of iaptuie, or of confisca
tion, s nee 76, wh ch coild not be pud undei
this bill? The eases under which it was a le^ed
compensa loi only could be made weie widely
diffeient liom the last tieaty with Tiance The
claims under th it treaty were asce-tamod by the
negotiators vv th the utn ost possible precision
1 Foi compensation foi vessels seized at St
Sebastian which had been mv ted there by the
1 lencliGeneialThouienot,commanding 2 Tor
captuics made under the Deilm deetee, befoie that
dec ee was known J Foi captues made aftei
its i evocation and 4, foi vessi Is burnt at sea, to
pieveut infoimation of the movements of the
lieivh fleet fiom Icing com nunicited to the
Bntish But (Mi B sad) he did not use now
to go into the case, but, if the bill was not to be
galloped thirugl , he begged to say that he had
some acts, both as to i s puncipks and details,
which h   wished to lay before the Senate
Mi   PRLSTOX said that   as the honoiable
gentleman fiom Missoun had ahuded to 1  m in
his i mtiks, he f It bound to say a wold nicxpla
natn n     He would be glad if that gentkma l, and
the honoiable member tion Vngmia, [Mi   Tv
llb,] would giu a thiicughinvcstigitim to this
subj ct     He  (Ml   P )  had been placed on  the
comnntttt, he suppo ed, in seme soit, by aci
d i t, peih tps because he came from a section of
countiy  known   to be onpos d  to extiavagant
expenditures of th" pul he money     He had in
vestig ted the documents to which the gel tl man
alludtd, ant, the fuorible íepoit of Mi   Liung
Eton on the subject, aid he had fcrmed 1 is opm
ion of the mei its of these claims from them    He
took the only report there Vias against them,
and gave the whole his undivided attention as
a friend  desirous of supporting  them, but he
found them altogether untenable     The amount
of the claim was an obstacle to its pvssage, but
he did not view that as any consequence, com
pared  with  the  punciple  involved      Whcthei
it was five millions or five hundied millions, it
made no difference with him     If the honoi oi
honesty of the nation was implicated, he cared
not how much of blood or of money it might cost,
he would support it, whethei it was for claims
antenoi oi subsequent to 1800     Many of these
claimants  were   his  constituents,   widows  and
children, and theiefoie he felt a friendly disposi
tion tovvaids them     But there were dangerous
and dehepte questions invohed in it which re
quned dehbciate and close attention     This he
was notable to give it now     As regaided the
tieaty of 1798, b} which these claims were com
piomised, he did not considi rthem stiengthened
by that act   We were willing to have giv n three
times the amount specified in this bill to have
bought ourselves from the trammels of that treaty
Mr BENTON ieplied,thattliegeiitlcmaiifiom
South Carolina [Mr Pkestox] thought the mag
nitude of the claims presented an obstacle to the
passage of the bill     He believed that, when that
gentleman had more expenence here, the course
of our legislation would convince him that it was
claims of vast magnitude which were most suc-
cessful, that precisely m propoition to its mass
its momentum was mcieased—its chance of get
ting through was enhanced     It was the millions
which rolled along rapidly, while the small claims
were airestcd and laid by in the mass of unfin
ished  business     When the  honoiable member
had been as long heie as he (Mi   B ) had been,
he would not be surprised at what he now said
The Senatoi fiom South Carolina had alluded to
Mr  Livingston's report on the subject     And al
though he (Mi   B ) had the greatest respect foi
that gentleman's talents and honoi, yet in money
matters he was a child     This claim (said Mr
B ) is in leality owned by assignees, who bought
fiom the oiigmal claimants for a few cents in the
dollai, oi insureis, who received tl eir piemmm
for all the vessels they insured, whethei   lost or
saved, and is the United States to turn insurer
for them, and pay for every  vessel lost'    The
Senator  from  South   Carolina   [Mr   Presto\]
said, there were widows and oiphans in his State
who weie claimants     Mr B said, the old certi-
ficate funding act of 1791 was plead in the name
of old soldieis, who had sold to speculators at
two and sixpence in the pound, and to whom
Congiess voted thirty shillings m   the   pound
The magnitude of this claim was carrying it along,
(Mr B said,) as the magnitude of the assumption
b 11 earned that, foi twenty five millions  and the
magnitude of the ccitificate funding bill carried
it     They got through immediate!} , while Amy
Daiden's hoise, at $150 did not get through until
foity years     He was opposed to voting millions
to speculatois, who buy claims foi a trifle on the
Government, he would not  make  the  Fedeial
Government msuie the insuieis     He would re
sist this bill, though he might have to study the
folio volume of one thousand pag-^s which con-
tained its lnstoi}    he would not be lestncted to
the ex paite document, compiled undei the direc
tion of the agent, as he had been informed   but
would look to the whole case     He would defend
| the Treasmy fiom this enoimo is attack upon it
Ho would do 1 -nth foi his country, and call upon
otheis to help
Mi SHEPLEY said he had been alluded to as
a member of the committee which had reported
this bill that, as he hid never befoie been on t! is
committee, it would be icadily s ipposed that he
' had made up his opinion hastily o i the subject,
I but  hit he h id, pievious to the meeting of the
Senate, examined this question, not as a com
mittcemai , but as a Senatoi, n which capacity
he expected to be called upon to act, and had
prepued hinsclf accordm ly He hid not come
with nii'fin1  fn the fight hi had copies of the
documents befoie him, fiom an examination of
which he had dtawn his conclusions but he
could show the Senate how he nad examined and
wheie he haa found his mateiials Piom sources
of undoubted aiithout) , fion the pi nted docu
ments of th s Government, he had diawn his
conclusions and come to the conviction that those
claims were just and ought to be satisfied by this
country These claims against France were good,
and might have been recovered of that Govern-
ment, that they weie worth as much as those for
which -v e had obtained indemnities from Spam,
Denmaik, and other Governments, that they
weieiegaidedsom our negotiations with Prance
That if they had been uiged with the same per-
severance as oui claims upon other nations and
undei othei cucumstances have been, reparation
would have been made by Piancc But why
were these claims neglected — why not pressed
by this Government till allowed' The reason is
obvious because France set up claims against
us—claims which we were bound by solemn
obligation to allow We had guaiantied to
Frmce her possessions in West India, in th 
eleventh amele of theueaty, wlieiem she had
bo ind heiself to obtain foi us independence, also
other claims under the seventeenth and twenty-
second aiticles of the treaty of commerce We
had failed to fulfill these stipulations, we had
shrunk fiom the contest, and left Prance to be
robbed of hei possesoion, without raising a finger
in her behalf Foi these infractions, France
justly claimed of us some lemuneiation—some
offset for the neglect of her mteiests, and the
losses she had sustained thereby She offered—
nay, she uiged, the United States to appoint a
commission to investigate these claims, and wat
ready to pay, to the utmost farthing, all that
could be justly biought against hei But then
she claimed of us more than the sum of oui claims
upon her The United States offeied to com-
pensate her, if sue would accept of five million
francs, foi a releise of oui obligations under the
eleventh aiticle of the tie'ty of alliance, but she
would not accept it, but offered to receive ten
millions, which we refused But these claims of
Fiance weie finally set off against the claims
of oui citizens, and thus the United States, in
leleasing Fiance, has bound herself to discharge
the claims that our citizens had upon France
Mr S said, that it had been uiged that the
opinions of the fnends of this bill had been formed
upon pai tial views of the subject But if the gen-
tlemen wish for the proof, he could show from
official documents the facts to which he alluded
He did not believe that official documents of this
Government piesented two diiectly opposite and
comradictoiy piopositions He íehed on the
documents—did not use with a design to enter
into an examination of them page by page, section
by section, but would íefer those gentlemen who
wgie desnous of invest gating this subject to them
for pi oof of all he had advanced, and was willing
to exhibit these proofs fi om the public documents
on to morrow, oi atany othei time when ltshould
be the pleasuie of the Scnite to hear him
On motion of Mr WFBSTER, the Senate
adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesdvv, December 17, 1834
Petitions and memouals were presented by—
Mcssis  JARVISand HALL, ofMnno
[Mr Jarvis presented the* petition of the
medical faculty of the Distuct of Columbia, on
the subject of ecitam low and mai'hy giounds m
the city of Washington, belonging to the General
Government, which aie domed detrimental to
the health of the city, praying that Congress
should tike such mcasiucs as may lemed) the
evil The pf titnn wis re'erred to the Committee
on Public Building   ]
Mi   HELD, of M issacl usetts
Mr  PEARCE, ot Rhode Island,
Missrs    WHITE,  BEARDSLEY,   PAGE,
TLRRIS,    CAMBRLLENG,    and    WARD
WELL, of \iw Yorl
Mi   HEATH, of Marylmd
Messrs   fHINN  ml P ATTOIN, of Vngima,
Messis TOMPKINS, LYON, POPE, and
BEATY, ofKmtuck, ,
[All  Popl a"iin piesi nted the petition of Rob-
ert G  Ch"pptll, piavmg compensation toi  df-
I stiuction of piopeitv, <^c , which   vas íefeired
to the Gomiritt e on índnn Affairs,j
I     Messrs   IORESTER ^ud BELL, (Speaker,)
i of leu lessee
1      Mi   P iTTLP.SON, of 01 10
j     Mi   THOMAS  ofLotusiana,
Mr  EWING, of Indiana,
I     Mr CAGE, of Mississippi,
46                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 17,
Messrs   MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois
[Mi   Refolds piesentcd a memorial of the
Legislature of Illinois playing tlntccrtain grams
of lands may bo mide to individuals, founded |
upon cultivation, and heads of furulies, &c ]
Upon pi^sen'irg the abevt rrtn toned memo
na', Mr R said
Mr  Speakm, 1 piescnt to this House a memo
rialfiomthe Gcicial Assembly of the StaU ofj|
111 nois     This memorial contains some cases of |
ancient senilism Illinois   pi lying i eo ifirmation j
to certain 1 ijd claims     Thtst pt isons emigiatcd
to Illinois and bcoai le citizens of th it counti y be   I
tween the years 1780 and 1790    They also mi
proved the soil to stub extent as to entitle them   t
to an impiovemtnt light, so cillcd, of 400 acu s,
under the acts *a id rcsolvts of Congicss, and the
cession act of the State  of   Vngtnia     Hit Vn
gima cession at u pissed in the vuu 1784, md tin    j
list act of Congiess parsed m 1711—ill rcco^mz
lng and confirming th is   individuals m th up s
e ssions and light   who impi   v<d in 1 culm ited
the soil     Th se settlcis   resided n the conntiy   I
between those dates, and  made nnpiovements
and weie, as I coiict ivc ,enti led to i confiiimtion  j
of then claims oí 400 acies to   aJi individual        1
The Gov mois of the then Tcintoiiis, ^oitli
western and Indaia, who nil authoiized by I
\aiious icts of Congiess to adjust thcsi el urns
to land, did not^iant to t uli [)i ison n uní d m
tins ratmoml, who was by the Govunoi's own
a ts entitled to sum giant, the toll qnntitvot
400 aeits and ibtui the bihnee of the 400
aru sis tin pi tyei of this mi moiial, uid //tof of I
join I umbl   scivant
I personally know these claimants, and know   |
them to be e Hitlul m ¡ustiee and iqtuty to tht
quantity ot  land  to ra tkc up to each the 400
acns ]
Which memonals and petitions were appropn
atcly lefeiud
SPECIU ORDER
Mr ASHLEY , by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing itsohition
Re olvul,   Unit bills Nos   108 and   174, pio
\idmj; foi tin extension of the CumbeiUnd load
fiom Vandalia, Illinois, to ill   seat of govcinmi nt
of Missoui i, be made tin sp cial oí di r of the day
foi Thuisdily, the 1 >tli of J inn uy in ft
A count being called foi on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mi AhilLCY said h h >pr d the proposition
would icceivt tin ass nt of tin Housi 1 hi sub
jiel to which hi n solution had i linme had
bet u long Ixlon tin Housi and in ) isiue to the
Jin t of the eountiv most inteitsti I it should be
dispn d of U hid ish. d tli u it should b
luaiit the sp ci il ord i i i tin 1 jth if Tanuaiy,
In oiih r to ati nd ;nitl m n tim t( cxamin il,
and, if tin y thoi 0ht pi ojk t t~> >pp~>s it Wile
lit to tsk the Housi totili up iiiiini di it lysimi
bill i hung to fu-ruin alums oi hubns,ii would,
piobibly, not be opposed by tliosi who now
oljtct lo the consult i moil, sunn Unity dus
liincc, of i bill if the utmo t impoitance to the
section of conntiy fiom win net hi umi
1 he lescluluiii wis then igictd to—yeas 74,
naj s 50
cusTOM-noL^r at ivtweern, inortii
CAROHXA
Mi PEARCE, fiom thi Committee on Com
mete ,i<poitiil i bill miking an appiopmtion
loi a custom housi m tin town rf IStwbein,
JNoith CiroUna, which wis lead twice,and com
luitltd
DUTIIS, ON f OCOMOIIVr S>, Die                I
The following usolution, submittid yesterdiy  i
bv Mi   Ci iyton, was tdkf n up                                '
Rewind,   i hat the  C iniini te    of Wiys and
Me ms inqaiit into the expediency of n poi tin
¡ti law fo   the pmpuse of lenutttng the duties on I
locomotive  engines,   iaih ml   cai   wheels, with (
i ill d   iron   tnes,   axles,   spungs, t^Lc , alieady   I
imported, oi   w'nch miy hueaitei   be impoited
within two yi ns
The question bcinsr on Mr  Di vxv's lesolution  I
to aim nd die i solution so as 'o substitute the  I
Committee on \1 inufactmes for the Committee
of Wat s and Me ins,
Mi DIOKER&ON s id, that at the fust view
oe this subject lie had been impressed with the
belief that it pioperly belonged to the Committee
of Ways and Means, but upon mature delibera
tion he wis convinced it was more appropriately
lefaable to the Committee on Mamifactmes If
the object (said Mr D ) was to inquiie whether
the duties which aie alieady paid into the Treas
uiy on locomo'ive engines were to ot reftnded,
then it might be i pioper subjett foi the Coram t
tee of Ways aid Means But this is not the
stati of the qui stion It will not be contested here
tint it woi Id come within the puiview of the
dutii s of that committt i to niquii what pff ct
the abolition of these duties wi1! have on oui
internal i nprovi ments, oi oui domesticmdustiy
Yet, this is the veiy sub¡ect ot invcstigUion
It is not toinquuewhi eüeet the measuiemiy
have on the state ot litTit isuiy, but on the sub
ji et just alludid to and ais > to isccimii how fu
out counti y has uliautt d in hi i i in piovt ments m
these gie uobji i s And, 1 ipj it le i d,(s u I Mi
D ,) the h noi ib! ch in ma i of the Ce mmitt i i f
Wiys and Me uis mil be somewhatdisippointed
by lb u suit of this nivi sti"ii o i Mi D ion
clud d by i< it lattng his conviction th it the sub
jectsh >uld be n feiied to the Committee on Man
ufu tuics
Mi MISON, of Vi gima, said this was a
men quistion of lefeience, although it had leen
aigutd is though the fate of the pioposition was
mvo'ved in the inquuy He refined to th ilia
tive dutii s of th two committees, md contend d
tint tin sub,ict pecuhaily belong! d to the Com
mittto of Ways and Me ms lhe pioposition
was one which rig ud dievtnui 1 he Si cielai y
ot the Th asm y had furnished estimates of the I
amount i f actium? levenue to be deiived fiom
duties The proposition befoie the Housi pio
postd to allow a diawback on ceitam ameles in
eluded in the lieasuiy (stimate, and to admit
them fiee of duty heiialtii It wis, theiefoie,
pi rtamly tin province of the Committee of Wiys
and Me ms to i Xiimine the s 1 j ct Hi eouldsec
no ^lound white v i foi sending this niqmi y to
the Committee on Mmufictuies and as piopo
sit ions of a si mil irchaiaeter h id it the last session
bei nsinl to the Committee, of W lys and Means,
he hoped the am ndment wou d not piivail
Mi   CLAYTON said that the adoption of the
amendment would, in effect, deftat his pioposi
tion     It w is the duty ot the Housi  to tike caie
ot all the gnat mtensts of the coun ly      Pen
this purpose, then were committees of diffeient
giades, and who had the caie of patticulai niU i
csts      The pit sent was a pioposition pecuhaily
ill etmg the irie it igucultur il class of the coun
tiy      "We hid a Committee on  \giicultme, md
y I Wi an asked to send this inquuy to the ( om
mitue on Mmufictuies     Wen he topiooostto
send  this  subject to  the foimtr committee, he
would bi told tint it wis imptopei it should go
to a eonimittcc who had the taic ol aguculture,
and weie inti n st d, but he w is denied tl is argu
ment in ícfutncí to tht Committee on Manutic
tuies     and   thus   the bteat a^ueuHunl lnten st
musl knock al tin dooi of the Committee on Man
uta tuies foi i   lit f     What c lance  would theie
be foi success fiom such a quartet ?    Some of the
minufai tuieis, he believed,  would lathei  have
then eye tei th di iwn, than to submit to the loss
of the piofit on a fom ptnny nail     The Commit
tie of Ways and Means, having the caie of the
revenue, was the proper one to j ldgt between tht
two interests alluded to      flic Govtinment can
not do without levenue, and it was foi the com
mittie chaiged with that subject to examine how
far the proposed measine would lilett the finances
of the counti y     He tiusted that the amendment
j would not be adopted
I     Mi   DENNY ntei red to the precedents of the
i last session, and contended that thiy wtie not
similar ti the pusent pioposition     In the casts
which   had  been  ípftiitd   to, the  ameles  hid
alie idy been lmpoi ted, and the dutii s were either I
pud in o oi  secured bv the   Iieasuiy     It was
pioposcd to remit those duties, and as a subject
j meiely of levenue they were lefeiredto tlioCom
imttceof VYays and Means     The pieseut piopo
sition pioposed iwidei lange, it went not meiely
| to ¡emit the duties on aitides already lniput d,
I but to abolish the duties altogetliei on futuie nn   j
portations, and  thus to chinge the tatill, which
was undeistood to be settled by compromise   for '
some time  to  come     But the gentlemm from
Georgia [Mi Clayton] had spoken of this prop-
ositionas one of agnculture    There had been no
memorial from the agricultural inteiest on the
subjett, noi had it been ltcommcndtd bv the
Committee on Agncultuie It was then meiely
the application of an individual membei The
g ntl"man be lieved that the manufaptuicis would
ntl er 1 a;e then ey  teeth di awn, than submit to
the loss of the piofit on a foui penny nail theie
wtit, perhaps, otheis win wiuld lathei seethe
Union d ssolvcd, than submit to pay a duty on a
Bluish f>ui ptnny nail, though at tl e same time
an trip n tant bi audi of home mdusti y was thti eby
fost ipd ai d enpotnaged
Mi SPLIGHT said, if this was a question in-
volving tht quantum of pro'cction ntccssaiy to
paiticuhi uticli s of mannfictuie, he nnghtagiee
with thegentltman fiom Pennsvlv una [Mi Dev-
xv,] that it siould go to tht Commute e on Man-
ufi tuies but th s was a question of quite a dif-
ftitnt n ituit It pioposed to allow a di iwb itk
on cert un irticlcs impoited, and topeimitothe s
t > be impo ted flic of duty It was a q lestion
affecting the levenue of the count") This was
i ot the first time, wlipn thi qaesti m of jtnsdic-
i tion hid bun raised, w 1 en a piopos tion had
j betn offeied aff cting tin p"cubai inteiests of his
[ constituents As an igncultuial tommui ity,his
constituents liboitd undei leav^ disadvantages
in cinv-ing tntii uncles to ma ket,and he asked
wl ethti then gnevanct.s vn re to be ert ltly dis-
ngaidtd in older to tavoi tht m inufactuiing in-
teiests5 Tins doctime ought not to \ levail m a
 ov mm nt of tquahty anel justitc The gentle -
man fiom Pennsylvania [Mi Dlnmv] had refei
i el to i ct rtain compromise tuiiF act He w ts
not dispos d to disttub it, and it was a mtasuie
whith give good giounds to the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania to rejoice
It, howevei,in the progiess of events, it be-
came appaient that mv ]>art of tha act opeiated
with ui due oppicssion, it vvas ceitainly pioper
th it it should undeigo íevision and amendment
Mi S lead fiom the Journal of last session to
show that on scveial occas oils, suljettsof a like
nuuiP to the piesent had been rcfcired, w thout
objection, to the Committee ot Ways and Means,
and that bills bad been repoited a/>d passed m
confoimity to the ncommendations of that com
mtttee These bills, howevei, weie intended to
bentfit a difieient section of the countiy No
question of jiuisdn tion was then jaistd In the
cotuse of six y ars' seivittm this House, he
behevtd the umveisal piactice had been to send
all questions involving a leduction of duties to
the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr STEWART said, that upon lus resolution
of inquuy, it seemed the subject of the tariff was
to undeigo a gi net al discus ion If the gentle-
man from Noi th Carohn i [Mi Spfichi ] desired
that the compromise at,t, as it was called, should
be lepealed, he should hive his hearty conctn-
lence If this subject was to be discussed on
isolated points, he would ask, wheie would it
end > The present proposition was said to in-
volve the inteiests of agiiculture If so, why not
extend it, and piopose to abolish tht duty on
plows and hmows' In ordei to an est what he
conceive d a most unnecessary discussion, and to
test the disposition of the House on the subject,
he moved to 1 iy the h solution on the table
Ml CLAYTOX demanded tht yeas and niys,
which weie oideitd, and wert as tollo vs
YLAS—Messis John GUuncj Adams, Tohn
Adams, Heman Allen, Will am Allen,Anthony,
Banks,Burnt?, Biylies, B aty, Beaumont, Blau,
Bockee, Blown, Bind, Burg s, Chambtis, Cha
ney, Chilton, William Claik, Coulter, Ciamei,
Ciockett, Darlington, Amos Davis, Dtini),
Dickson, Ditkeisou, Eviib, Edwaid Eveieu,
Hoiaco Everett, Fillmore, loicstei, Piulo C
Etillei Goiham, Gitnnell, Hiland Hall, Halsey,
Haiti, Hudin, Hathaway, H izcltine, Heath,
Hendeison, Heistei, Ebenezei Tiekson, Janes,
William C Johnson, Cive Tohnsoi, Hemy
Johnson, Lansing, Thomas Lee, Chittenden,
Lyon, JoelK Mum, Maitindale, Mclntne, Mc
Kennan, McKim, McVean, Millet, Robeit Mu-
cin II, Moigan, Muh'tnbtig, 0«good, Paiker,
Pitttison, Dutte J Pence, Phillips, Pieison,
Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Sehtnck, blunn,
Sladt, Sioaut, Smith, Stmdtfei, Sti ele, Sttwait,
Philemon Ihomas, Thomson, Turner, Twttdy,
Van Houtcn, Vinton, Wa^eiiei, Ward, Wat
mough, Webster, Frederick Whittlesey, and
Ehsha Wliittlesey—92
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
NAYS—Messrs John J. Allen, Chilton Allan,
Archer, Baiber, Barrmger, Beale, Bean, Beards-
lev, Bmney,Briggs, Bull, Bunch, Bynum, Cage,
Cambreleng, Campbell, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clayton,
Clowney, Coffee, Connor, Corwm, Crane, Dav-
enport, Day, Deberry, Dickinson, Dunlap, Ew-
mg, Felder, Ferns, Foster, William K. Fuller,
Fulton, Gamble, G-holson, Gillet, Gordon, Gra-
ham, Giayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Thomas> H.
Hill, Hannegan, Joseph M Harper, Hawkins,
Hawos, Howell, Hubbaid, Huntington, Inge,
William Jackson, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kavanagh,
Kilgore, King, Kmnard, Lane, Luke Lea,Lewis,
Lincoln, Love, Loyall, Abi]ah Mann, Manning,
Mardis, John Y Mason, Moses Mason, May,
McCarty, McComas, McKinley, Mercer, Miner,
Henry Mitchell, Moore, Murphy, Page, Parks,
Peyton, Fiankhn Pieice, Pmckney, Polk,
Rencher, Reynolds, Robeitson, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Spangler, Speight, Stoddert, William
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull,
Vanee, Wardwell, Campbell P. White, Williams,
and Wise—108
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. CHAMBERS then took the floor in sup-
poit of referring the mquny directed by the res-
olution, to the Committee on Manufactures, but
befor'e he concluded his remarks, the hour de-
voted to the discussion of resolutions had expired,
and the House proceeded to the oiders of the day.
MILITARY LAND  WARRANTS.
The engrossed bill to extend the time for issu-
ing mihtaiy land warrants to officeis and soldiers
of the revolutionary war, was read a third time
and passed.
P4.T OF THE NAVY.
The House then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
bill introduced by the select committee of which
Mr Watmough is chanman, to equalize and
graduate the pay of the officeis of the Navy,
(Mr  Briggs in the chair )
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr Harper, of Pennsylvania, to stnke out
the sum of $5,500, as the compensation ofasemoi
captain commanding a squadion, and inseit
#4,500
Mr. WATMOUGH regretted that it had been
deemed necessaiyto make any motion for the
amendmtnt of this bill If gentlemen would re-
flect dchbeiattly on the subject, he felt assured
they would convince themselves that such amend-
ments were inexpedient He dwelt upon the jus-
tice of allowing oui naval officers a pay more ad
equate to their services, and such as should render
them capable of suppoi ting the honor and dignity
of then country abroad, and the wants and neces-
sities of their families at home They, in'the
couisp of then duties, necessarily often come m
collision with those of similar giade m European
ports, and they are bound, by all those obliga-
tions implicating the honoi of themselves and
their countiy, to íeciprocate those couitesics
which aie incident to an intercourse in civilised
Hie He need not lcmind the committee of the
dangeis and privations of a sailot 's life—his Strug
gles with the elements, and his noble danng,both
in the tiopics and in the hyperboiean seas All
thu was well known Mi W said this was a
mei p m lttei ot business, and not a subject foi
oiatoncal declamation He therefore woula con-
clude by expressing a smceie hope, that it would
not bt deemed necessary to make any material
amendment to the bill With those bnef íemarks,
he would leave the subject to the liberality and
magnanimity of the committee
Ml SPEIGHT mquiicd if the bill, as repoited
by the select committee, did not, ill some caics,
decrease the pay of officeis, as well as increase it
in others5
Mi WATMOUGH replied, and was under-
stood to siy thue was, in eftect, no such decicase
contemplated by the bill
Mi FILLMORL said, it appealed from the
documents on the table, that when this subject
was fiist introduced theic.it embraced aproposi-
tion to equalize the pay of tne officeis of both
thcAimy and the Navy It now seemed that the
committee had abandoned the subject of the pay
of the   Aimy, and confined  themselves to   the
Navy. A bill had formerly been introduced by
the committee, embracing both of these interests,
but that was now thiown aside, as he understood
the matter, and this substituted m its place. Had
we gone on, and passed that bill (said Mr. F )
we should have increased the pay of the officers
of the Army about $70,000, and that of the Navy
about $163,000. After some further strictures on
the present bill, Mr. F. concluded by express-
ing the necessity of supporting the amendment
of his colleague, [Mr. Harper,] unless more rea-
sons should be given foi the present terms of the
bill than had yet been advanced
Mr. WATMOUGH again replied. He said it
was true the committee had abandoned the equal-
ization bill, fiom a conviction, both on the part
of the committee and of the Department, of its
uttei impracticability. In the minds of the mem-
bers of the select committee, that point had been
definitively settled. To do away with emolu-
ments in the Army was, in effect, to destroy its
efficiency In íeportmgthe present bill, the com
mittee had begun with the highest pay, at $5,500,
and gone down by regular a^d equitable grada-
tion.
Mr. CONNOR said he was for paying the offi-
cers, both of the Army and the Navy, well. They
fight well—let us pay them well He was for
giving them an equitable—a liberal compensation,
and would also be willing they should be enabled
to lay up something for their old age But (said
Mi C ) let us not go too far, nor too fast. He
thought this was too gieat a lift at one movement.
To increase a salary, at once, from $2,500 to
$5,500 was more than he could sanction He
was constrained to go for the amendment
Mr WARD supported the bill as reported
He said, while various changes and modifications
had been made in the arrangements of the Army,
none had taken place in the Navy, which now
remained as it was when first organized, and had
been, in eveiy respect, most culpably neglected
He asked gentlemen to look at the changes and
advances which had been made in the salaries of
the officers of oui Govei nment, those of the Seei e-
taues of State, &c, were, at its organization,
$3,500, they are now $6,000 per annum He did
not complain of this increase—the state of the
country demanded it, but he did deprecate the
principle which left oui gallant naval officers with
such inadequate compensation. If we would
have our Government well administered, we
should pay its officers with liberality He asked,
should this only free Government on earth—the
only nation untrammeled with debt, show a nig-
gardly and penurious disposition in i ccompensmg
its public servants> English and French admi-
rals, he declared, received $10,000 per annum,
while we hesitated to give ours five ' He con-
tended that, out of this sum, it would be impos-
sible for the officei to save more than a bare sup-
poit for his family at home He believed there
was not an Ameiican citizen, however humble,
l| who would not feel himself degiaded did he be-
lieve that the officei bearing the pioud flag of his
S country did not íccipioeate those civilities ex-
tended in him to a foreign poit Mi. W de
claied his conviction that theie was not an officer
ll moui bcrvicewhohad not received alaige foi tunc
| by inheritance w ho possessed adollar to bequeath
h to his children ' He hoped the amendment would
I  not prevail
I     Mr SUTHERLAND followed in a speech of
" some length and eneigy   He said he was as much
I  the advocate of oui gallant Navy as the gentleman
l  who last addressed the committee, [Mi   Wuu>,]
or any othei jndividu U    He w ould notadvocate
the interest of the Aimy against the Navy, nor
those of the >avy against the Aimy   Thty were
'   the two great aims of the national di fense, and
he equally esteemed vnd respi cted both     But he
stood here as the  advocate of a class of men
j   vi hom he conceived to be uni-urly dealt by m the
I  bill before the committee   Heieferred togunners,
jirhosc pay, he contended, would be decreased by
the passage of the bill at, lcpoitcd   He pioceedcd
I  at length to advocate the claims of most fighting
i  men in oui gallant Navv, w hose lights he deemed
1 to be neglected    He expressed his determination
to vote foi v reduction of fie salines of the high
officeis, unless thec of petty officei  were eoi-
1 respondmsly rused
|j       Mr    WATMOUGH   explained,   and    Mr
!l SUTHERLAND briefly rejoined.
Mr. PARKER thought this discussion entirely
out of place He wished to propose an amend-
ment, by striking out all fiom the fifth to the tenth
line, but this was decided not then to be in order.
After some few remarks from Messrs. FILL-
MORE and WARD, the question was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Harper, and carried—
ayes 90, noes 55
Mr. WATMOUGH then submitted a series of
amendments graduating the pay of the other offi-
cers so as to correspond with the reduction in the
pay of captains by this vote decided on.
Mr. WISE also submitted an amendment, and
After some further remarks from Mi WAT-
MOUGH, calling the attention of the committee
to the nature and necessity of his amendments—
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the committee
rose, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit
again
When the Speaker again resumed the chair, it
was, on motion of Mr  WATMOUGH,
Ordered, That the amendments offered in com-
mittee be printed for the use of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr BRIGGS, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, Decembei 18, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presenfed by
Messrs McKEAN and HENDRICKS. 
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr BIBB, on leave given, introduced the fol-
lowing bills
•A bill for the relief of Pierre Menard;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bogey;
A bill for the relief of Antome Peltier, and
A bill to reduce the postage on peiiodical pam-
phlets, and to extend the franking privilege to
the head of the engmeei department.
The said bills were read twice and referred.
Mr WAGGAMAN, on leave given, introduced
a bill making an appropriation to complete the
military barracks at New Orleans; which was
read twice and referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr SOUTHARD,from the Naval Committee,
reported the following bills, to wit:
A bill foi the relief of the legal representatives
of Michael Hagan, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Henry Eckford, deceased,
A bill concerning the commanding officers of
the Navy of the United States,
A bill for the relief of Loami Baldwin;
A bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler,
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Isaac Gaireteon, deceased,
A bill to change the titles of certain officers in
the Navy of the United States,
A bill piovidme for the enlistment of boys in
the Navy of the United States, and
A bill to regulate the issuing of licenses to
vessels navigated in whole or m part by bteam
Mi   HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
r^oads and Canals, repoited a bill makimr an ap-
piopnation for the impiovcment of the Wabash
Also, a bill foi the relief of the legil represent-
atives of MnsesSheppeid, deceased, whichvveie
! read the first time, and oidered to the second
reading.
Mr   WEBSTER, fiom   the   Committee on
| Finance, repoited a bill to exempt certain mu-
chandise from the operation of the tanff oí 1828,
undci certain circumstancis
Also, a bill foi the relief of the owners of the
bug Dispatch
BANK OF THE UNITED  STATES.
I     Air  T"> LER, from the Committee on Finance
of last session, who were directed by a resolution
! of the Senate to investigate the condition of the
Bank of the United Sutes, made a report of great
length, the reading of which occupied two hours
and a half
A motion 1 emg made to print it,
Mr  BEATON lost, not to object to the punt-
ing, noi to go into an aigumentm answtr to the
report, which would come more propeily at an-
other time, but to couect some  enors which
l claimed his attention     His own name was made
I to figure in that report, in vei y good company, to
48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December W.
be sure—that of President Jackson, Vice Presi-
dent Van Buren, and Senator Grundy. It seems
that vre have all (said Mr. B.) been detected in
something that deserves exposure—in the of-
fense of aiding our respective constituents ,-or fel-
low-citizens, in obtaining branch banks to be
located in our respective States; and upon this
detection,the assertion is made that these branches
were not extended to these States for political
effect, when the charter was nearly run out, but
in good faith, and upon our application, to aid
the business of the country. Mr. B. said, it was
true that he had forwarded a petition from the
merchants of St. Louis, about 1826 or '27, solic-
iting a branch at that place; and he had accom-
panied it by a letter, as he had been requested to
do, sustaining and supporting their request; and
bearing the testimony to their characters as men
of business and property which the occasion and
the truth required. He did this for merchants
who were his political enemies, and ho did it
readily and cordially, as a representative ought
to act for his constituents, whether they are for
him, or against him, in the elections. So far so
good; but the allegation of the report is, that the
branch at St. Louis was established upon this pe-
tition, and tins letter, and therefore was not estab-
lished with political views, but purely and simply
for business purposes. Wow, (said Mr. B.,) I
have a question to put to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Tyler,] who has made the report for
the committee: it is this: whether the president
or directors of the bank had informed him that
General Cadwalader had been sent as an agent
to St. Louis, to examine the place, and to report
upon its ability to sustain a branch ?
Mr. TYLER rose and said, that he had heard
nothing at the bank upon the subject of General
Cadwalader having been sent to St. Louis, or
any report upon the place being made.
Mr. BENTON, resuming, said, the committee
has been treated unworthily, scurvily, basely,
by the bank! It has been made the instrument
to report an untruth to the Senate, and to the
American people; and neither the Senate, nor that
part of the American people who chance to be in
this Chamber, should be permitted to leave their
places until that falsehood was exposed.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) addressing the Vice Pres-
ident, the president and directors of the Bank of
the United States, upon receiving the merchants'
petition, and my letter, did not send a branch to St.
Louis 1 They sent an agent there, in the person
of General Cadwalader, to examine the place,
and to report upon its mercantile capabilities and
wants; and upon that report, the decision was
made, and made against the request of the mer-
chants, and that upon the ground that the
business of the place would notjustify the estab-
lishment of a branch. The petition from the
merchants came to Mr. B. while he was here, in
his seat-, it was forwarded from this place to
Philadelphia; the agent made his visit to St. Louis
before he (Mr. B.) returned; and when he got
home, im the spring or summer, the merchants
informed him of what had occurred, and that
they had received a letterfrom the directory of the
bank, informing them that a branch could not be
granted; and there the whole affair, so far as the
petition and the letter were concerned, died away.
But (said Mr. B.) it happened just in that time
that I made my first demonstration—struck my
first blow—against the bank; and the next news
that I had from the merchants was, that another
letter had been received from the bank, without
any new petition having been sent, and without
any new report upon the business of the place, in-
forming them that the branch was to come ! And I
come it did, and immediately went to work to
gain men and presses to govern the politics of the
State, to exclude him (Mr. B.) from reelection to
the Senate, and to oppose every candidate, from
Governor to constable, who was not for the bank.
The branch had even furnished a list to the mother
bank, through some of its officers, of the names
and residences of the active citizens in every part
of the State; and to these, and to their great aston-
ishment at the familiarity and condescension of
the high directory in Philadelphia, myriads of
bank documents were sent, with a minute descrip-
tion of name and place, postage free. At the
presidential election of 1832, the State was deluged
with these favors. At his own re'élections to the
Senate—the two last—the branch bank was in the
field against him everywhere, and in every form;
its directors traversing the State, going to the
houses of the members of the General Assembly
after they were elected, in almost every county,
over a State of sixty thousand square miles; and
then attending the Legislature, as lobby members,
to oppose him. Of these things Mr. B. had never
spoken in public before, nor should he have done it
now, had it not been for the falsehood attempted
to be palmed upon the Senate through the instru-
mentality ofits committee. But having been driven
into it, he would mention another circumstance,
which also he had never named in public before,
but which-would throw light upon the establish-
ment of the branch in St. Louis, and the kind of
business which it had to perform. An immense
edition of a review ofhis speech on the veto message
was circulated through his State on the eve of his
last election. It bore the impress of the bank foun-
dery in Philadelphia, and was intended to let the
people of Missouri see that he (Mr. B.) was a very
unfit person to represent them; and afterwards it
was seen from the report of the Government direc-
tors to the Presiden of the United States.that sev-
enty-five thousand copies of that review were
paid for by the Bank of the United States? That
looked bad enough, (said Mr. B.,) but it was not
all. That speech, of which the bank thought it
worth while to get a review written, and to pub-
lish an edition of seventy-five thousand copies,
was not thought worthy to bo put in the Regis-
ter of Debates ¡—that Register to which Congress
is a subscriber, and which purports to be a true
history of our debates. More; the replies to it
were published in the same Register! - He spoke
of the speech on the veto message. There was
another, on the final passage of the bank bill, not
totally suppressed, but compressed into noth-
ing; six hours' speaking put into a paragraph;
and his main speech on the whole bill thus
converted into what an unfortunate orator of
Arkansas once said of his own in seeing the mar-
rowless skeleton ofhis oration in the newspaper—
" a diminutive metamorphit !" And as for a third
speech, inserted for him in that same Register, it
was an infamous falsification of the truth. Mr. B.
had never mentioned these things publicly before,
nor should he have done it now, except to show
that the falsehood of which the Senate's commit-
tee had been made the organ, is a part of the sys-
tem of the bank, pervading our congressional his-
tory even. It was his intention, at some proper
time, to have a committee to report upon those
publications, called Registers of Debates, so far
as they have been published since the Bank of the
United States has undertaken to wield the press.
Tire oik; which ho now had in his eye was that of
Messrs. Gales & Seaton.
Mr. B. said that if he had had a line from the
committee, (and he was within their reach all the
summer,) he could have turned them to the in-
quiry which would have brought out the truth,
with respect to the establishment of the St. Louis
branch, and saved them from the imposition which
the bank directory had practiced upon them. As
it was, he still wanted their help in a case which
was now theirs,as well as his; it was to aid him
in exposing the unworthy, the scurvy, and the
base trick of the bank. He should submit a res-
olution, requiring the committee to obtain from
the president of the bank a copy of General Cad-
walader's report; a copy of the answer to the
merchants; and a copy of the second letter, an-
nouncing the change of determination, and the
immediate establishment of the branch. Until
those copies came in, he should say no more on
that point, but must be content to see his name
figure in the myriad of copies of the report (the
more the better) which would be printed, and
which would give the village orators of the bank
an opportunity of astonishing the natives who
came in from the heads of the creeks and the
gorges of the mountains, with showing them
what an inconsistent and unprincipled fellow this
Mr. Benton is; and to admire the delicacy of the
bank which never publishes a private letter, nor I
exposes the names of public men.                           i
Mr. B. said there was another thing which I
must be noticed now, because the proof to con- <
found it was written in our own Journals. He
alluded to the *' hostility'' of the President of the j
United States to the bank, which made so large a !
figure in that report. The " vindicliveness" of the I
President—the "hostility" of the President, was
often pressed into the service of that report, which
he must be permitted to qualify as an elaborate
defense of the bank. Whether used originally, or
by quotation, it was the same thing. The quota-
tion from Mr. Duane was made to help out the
argument of the committee—to sustain their posi-
tion, and thereby became their own. The " rin-
dictiveness" of the President towards the bank is
brought forward with imposing gravity by the
committee; and no one is ata loss to understand
■what is meant! The charge had been made too
often not to suggest the whole story as often as it
iskinted. The President became hostile to the
■president of the bank because he could not man-
age him, and make him use the institution for
political purposes! and hence his revenge, his
vindictiveness, his hatred of Mr. Biddle, and his
change of sentiment towards the institution. This
is the charge which has run through the bank
presses for three years, and is alleged to take
date from 1829, when an application was made to
change the president of the Portsmouth branch
But how stands the truth, recorded upon our own
Journals? It stands thus: that for three consecutive
years after the harboring of this deadly malice
against Mr. Biddle, for not managing the insti-
tution to suit the President's political wishes—
for three years, one after another, with this " vin-
dictive" hate in his bosom, and his diabolical
determination to ruin the institution, he nomin-
ates this same Mr. Biddle to the Senate as one
of the Government directors, and at the head of
those directors! Mr. Biddle, and some of his
friends with him, came in upon every nomina-
tion for three successive years, after vengeance
had been sworn against him! For three yeara
afterwards he is not only named a director, but
indicated for the presidency of the bank by being '
put at the head of those who came recom-
mended by the nomination of the President, and
the sanction of the Senate ! Thus was he nomin-
ated for the years 1830, 1831, and 1832; audit
was only after the report of Mr. Clayton's com-
mittee of 1832 that the President ceased to nomin-
ate Mr. Biddle for Government director! Such
was the frank, confiding, and friendly conduct of
the President, while Mr. Biddle, conscious that
ho did not deserve a nomination at his hands,
had himself also elected during each of these
years, at the head of the stockholders' ticket.
He knew what he was meditating and hatching
against the President, though the President did
not! What, then, becomes of the charge faintly
shadowed forth by the committee, and publicly
and directly made by the bank and its friends?
False ! False as hell! and no Senator can say it
without finding the proof of the falsehood re-
corded in our own Journal!
Mr. B. was not now going into a general an-_
swer to the report, but Tie must do justice to an*
absent gentleman—one of the purest men upon
earth, both in public and private life, and who,
after the manner he had been treated in this Cham-
ber, ought to be secure, in his retirement, from
senatorial attack and injustice. The committee
have joined a conspicuous issue with Mr. Taney;
and they have carried a glorious bank victory over
him, by turning off the trial upon a false "point.
Mr. Taney arraigned the legality of the conduct
of the exchange Committee, winch, overleaping
the business of such a committee, which is to buy
and sell realbills of exchange, had bcoine invested
with the power of the whole board; transacting
that business which, by the charter, could only
be done by the board of directors, and by a board
of not less than seven, and which they could not
delegate. Yet this committee of three, selected
by the President himself, was shown by the re-
port of the Government directors to transact the
most important business; such as making im-
mense loans upon long credits, and upon ques-
tionable security; sometimes covering its opera-
tions under the simulated garb and falsified pre-
text of buying a bill of exchange; sometimes using
no disguise at all. It was shown, by the same
report, to have the exclusive charge of conduct-
ing the curtailment last winter; a business of the
most important character to the country, having
no manner of affinity to the propor functions of
an exchange committee; and which they con-
ducted in the most partial and iniquitous maimer,
and without even reporting to the board. All
this the Government directors communicated.
All this was commented upon on this floor; yet
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND  PUBLISHED   AT THE  CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,   BY BLAIR  & RIVES.
Second Session, 23d Covgress
MONDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1834.
Volume 2 .. No 4.
Mr Taney is selected' He is the one pitched
upon, as if nobody but him had arraigned the
illegal acts of this committee, and then he is made
toairaign the existence of the committee, and
not its misconduct' Is this light' Is it fan ' Is it
just thus to puisue that gen Lit man, and to pursue
him unjustly > Can the vengeance of the bank
never be appeased while he lives and moves on
earth >
Mr B had perfoimed a duty, which ought not
to be delayed an hour, in defending himself, the
Piesident, and Mi Taney, from the sad injustice
of that íepoit The lepoit itself, with all its elab-
orate pleadings foi the bank—its enors of omis-
sion and commission—would come up for aigu-
ment after it was punted, and then, with God's
blessing, and the help of better hands, he would
hope to show that it was the duty of the Senate
to lecommit it, with m&tiuctions to examine wit-
nesses upon oath, and to bung out that secret
history of the institution which seems to have
been a sealed book to the committee. For the
piesent, he would bring to light two facts, de-
tected in the mtneate mazes of the monthly state-
ments, which would fix: at once both the chaiactei
ot the bank and the charactei of the leport, the
bank, foi its audacity, wickedness, and false-
hood, the lepoit, for its blindness, fatuity, and
paitiality
The bank, as all America knows, (said Mi
B ,) filled the whole country with the endless cry
winch had been echoed and íeechoed fiom this
Chamber, that the removal of the dtposits had
1 ud hei undei the necessity of curtailing her
debts, had compelled hu to call in her loans, to
fill the vacuum in hei cofteis produced by this
íemoval, and thus to enable heiself to stand the
ptessuic \\ hioh the "hostility" of the Government I
was bringing upon hei This was the asseition
for six long months, and now let facts confiont
this assertion, and leveal the tiuth to an out-
lawed and insulted community
The first ftct (said Mi B ) is the transfer of
the moneys to London, to he there idle, while
squeezed out of the people here duimgthe panic
and piessu-e
The cry of distiess was raised m December,at
the meeting of Congress, anddunng that month
the sum of $129,704 was transfened, by the
ban! , to its agents the Baungs This ciy waxed
str )ngi_i till July, and until that time the monthly
transicis were
Dectmbei.....................  j5l'29,7fi4
rebmaiy....................     355,253
March.........................     201,543
Mxy..................í...       34,749
June    ................           2,142 0 >4
July   .......................    503,9o0
$3,425,313
Miking the sum of neatly tlvee millions and a
half transfened to London, to he idle in the hands
of an agent, while tint \eiy money was squeezed
out of a few cita s here, and the whole countiy,
and the Hall  oí Congress, weie filled with the
deafening din of the ciythat the bank was foiccd
to cuitad, to supply the loss in hti own colleis
from the removal ot the deposits' And worse
ytt' The bank had. m the hinds of the same
a°ents, i higc sum whin the tianfeis of these
panic collections began making m the whole the
sum ot >4,%1,201, on the 1st day of July hst,
which was lj uig idl< m hei agents' hands in Lon-
don, diawmg little oi no interest theie, while
squtized out of the hands of those who were
paying bank i itcrtst heie, near seven pel cent ,
and had afteiwaids to go into brokeis' hands to
boi iow atom oi two per cent a month Even
now, at the list letuins on the fiist da\ of this
month, about two nu'hons and a half of this mo
ney (§2,687,000) weie still lying idle in the hands
of the Banngs, waiting till foreign exchange can
be put ip again to eight oi ten pti cent ' The
enoimity of this conduct (Mi. B said) was ag-
gia\ated by the notorious fact, that the tiansfeis
4
of this money were made by sinking the pnce of
exchange as low as five per cent below par when
shippeis aad planters had bills to sell, and íaisuig
it eight per cent above pai when merchants and
importers had to buy, thus double taxing the
commeice of the countiy, double taxing the pio-
ducei and consumer, and making a fluctuation of
thirteen per cent in foreign exchange in thebnef
space of six months. And all this to make money
scarce at home, while charging that scarcity upon
the President'—thus combining calumny and
stock jobbing with the diabolical attempt to rum
the country oi to rule it
The next fact (Mi B said) was the abduction
of an immense amount of specie fiom New Oi-
leans, at the moment the western pioduce was
arriving theie, and thus disabling the merchants
fiom buying that pioduce, and thereby sinking
Us mice nearly one half, and all undei the false
pretext ot supplying the loss in its coffers, occa-
sioned by the íemoval of the deposits
The falsehood and wickedness of this conduct
will appeal from the fact, that at the time of the
íemoval of the deposits, m Octobei.the public
deposits in the New Oi leans branch, were far
less than the amount afteiwaids cuitailed and
sent off, and that these deposits were not entnely
diawn out foi many months aftei the cuitailment
and abduction of the money Thus, the public
deposits in October weie
In  the  name  of the  Treasurer  of the United
States.................$294,228 62
In the name of public officers......173,7b4 64
$467,993 26
In all, less than half a million of dollars
In Maich, there was still on hand
In the name of the Tieasuier......$40,266 28
In the name of publjc officers.......    63,671 80
f 103,938 08
In all, upwaids of one hundred thousand do!
lais, and making the actual withdiawal of depos-
its, at that branch, but 4360,000, and that paid
out giadually, in the dischaige of Government
demands
Now, what was the actual cuitailment dining
the same peliod? It is shown fiom the monthly
statements, that these cuitailments, on local loans,
were $788 904—being upwirds of double the
amount of deposits miscalled lemoueii, loi they
weie not temoied, but only paid out in the reg
ular piogiess oi Government disbure ment, and
actually i dimming m the mass of cnculation,
and much of it m the bank itself But the specie
lemoved duiing the sime time' that was the
fiet, the damning fict, upon which he ltlitd
This abduction was
In the month of November, $334,647, at the least
In the month of Maich,        808,084, at the least
$1,142,731
Making near a million and aquaiter of dolíais,
at the least Mr B íepeated, at the least, for a
monthly statement does not show the accumul i
Uon of the month, which might also be sent off
and the statement could only be relied on foi so
mm h as appealed a month befoie the abduction
was made. Piobably the sum was upwaids of a
million and a quar'ei of haid dolíais, thus taken
away fiom New Orle-ins last winter, by stopping
accommodations, c illmg m loans, bicaking up
domestic exchange, creat ng panic and piessurc,
and sinking the pi ice ot all pioduce, that the
inothei bink might tiansfer fundb to LonJon,
gamble in  foieign exchinge, spread desolation
1 and tenor through the land, and then chaige the
I whole upon the President of tne United Slates,
and end with the giand consummation of bung-
I mg a new political party into power, and peipet-
uating its own charter
These (said Mr B ) are two, and only two,
I out of multitudes of the astounding iniquities
which have escaped the eyes of the committee,
while they have been so successful in their anti-
quanan íeseaidics into Andrew Jackson's and
Fthx Grundy's letters ten oi twenty yeais ago,
and into Maitm Van Bmen's and Thomas H.
Benton's six oi eight yeais ago—lettcis which
eveiy public man is called upon to give to hia
neighbois or constituents, which no public man
ought to refuse, or, in all probability, evei did
refuse, and which aie so ostentatiously paraded
in the repoit, and so emphatically lead in this
chamber with pause and gesture, and with such
a sympathetic look foi the expected smile fiom
the fnends of the bank, letters which, so fai as
he was concerned, had been used to make the
committee the oigan of a falsehood And now,
Mi B would be glad to know who put the com-
mittee upon the scent of those old musty letters;
for there was nothing in the resolution under
which they acted to conduct their footsteps to the
silent coveit of that small game
But Mr B was done foi the piesent. He was
done ("or the pn sent,butnotforthefuture Justice
cannot be done upon thisiepoitof the committee
until it is punted The only object which he now
had m view was to vindicate some gentlemen, in-
cluding himself, who were most unjustly treated,
and to show the tiue chaiaoter of the tntne lepoit,
by exhibiting the minute diligence and mnaeuloua
success of tht committee in hunting out things of
nothing, to be turned to the account of the bank,
and to the pr judice of its ad\cisanes, while stone
blind to such íecent and such enoimous miscon-
duct of the bank as he had just detailed to the
Senate, and which came within the precise letter
of the Ksolutions under which they aottd
Mr TYLER said he was peifectly willing that
the ícport should go back to the committee, and
that the honoiablc gentleman [Mi Blnton]
should be plxeid upon the committee Theie was
not a single asseition in the repoit which did not
stand upon  proof, upon documentary pi oof,
which could not he, and he mvitid the honoi-
able gentleman's attention to it Time was sur-
ficient in the íepoit to satisfy the people upon the
subject of the cuitailment bv the bank—whether
it was neccssaiy oi not Htie were then oideis,
and they weie submitted to 'he Senate to say
whethei there was necessity foi it o. otherwise
If the gentleman fiom Missounhad look  d to both
the statements in the lepoit, he surelv would not
have piouounced it an ex paite íepoit Mi T.
said his delibeiate opinion was, and he should de-
cíale it befoie the con utij, that the bank was light
in its contiovcisv with the Government, and that
its advusaiy was wrong In ugaid to the ex-
change committee, no ftlse issue 1 ad bten made
The lepoit txmessly leii ncd to the argument of
Mi TancVjwho contended that the exchange
committee \v\s m itself i positive violation of the
chai ei of tin bank With i gaidt the lettei of
G( neial Cadwaludi l, he km w nothing of it, noi
did he think it of any const qui nee Tne biancb,
howi vei, w as established at St Louis—whether
it came theie by means of the honoiablc gentle^
man s influence or his blows He knew that the
bank had undeigone fuquent reviews by that
gentleman, and that tin y had bten sent into all
pirts of the countiy,pnd no doubt thi j had then
due influence But hi declined adding anything
moie, and eoiielued by moving that the íepoitand
documents be prmti d, which wasagieed to, and
then
Tire Senate adjourned o\er to Monday next
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES.
Thcrsd4.y, Decembei 18, 1834
Petitions and memoiials were presented by—
Mr JARVIS, of Maine,
Mr  REED, of Mass ichusetts,
Mi   B WtBER, of Connecticut,
Messi s  LEE and FOWLER, of New Jersey,
Missis BIINNEY and St) IHLIUAND, of
Pennsyh ama
Messrs McKIM and TURNER, of Maryland;
50                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL^ GLOBE.                      December 18,
Messrs.LUCAS, MERCER, DAVENPORT,
and PATTON, of Virginia;
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky;
Mr. VANCE, ofOIiio;
Mr. EWING, of Indiana;
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Which petitions and memorials were appro-'
priately referred.
NEW POST ROUTES.
On motion of Mr. MARDIS, by leave, it was
■ Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Wetumpka, via Coosa Court House, Cillavoga,
Mardisville, Talladega, to Benton Court House,
in the State of Alabama; and further, to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Talladega to Chambers Court House, in the
State of Alabama; and further, to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Tus-
caloosa, via Sanders's Perry, to Vienna, Tom-
beekbee river, in the State of Alabama.
REPJBTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PEYTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a joint resolution, authoriz-
ing the sale of a lion and two horses, received by
the American Consul at Tangier from the Em-
peror of Morocco; which was read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. P., from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of a
resolution of the House, directing the committee
to inquire into the expediency of causing the
other presents received from foreign Powers, at
various times, and now in the State Department,
to be sold; which was agreed to.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nicholas D. Coleman; which was read twice, and
ordered to bo engrossed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill authorizing the survey of
certain land, adjacent to the canal on the Licking
Summit, in the State of Ohio; which was twice
road, and committed.
Mr C, from the same committee, reported a
bill to extend the time of issuing military land
warrants to the officers and soldiers of the revo-
lutionary-army; which was read twice. Ah
of a similar character having passed the House,
of which Mr. C. was not aware, he therefore
moved to lay the present bill on the table; which
was agreed to.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill to authorize the registers and receivers of
public land offices to administer oaths connected
with the entry and sate of lands; which was read
twice; and, after a short conversation between
Messrs. CLAY, LANE, and PARKER, its
further consideration was postponed to Monday
next.
Messrs. CHAMBERS and MAY, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, mad unfa-
vorable reports on certain private claims referred
to that committee.                                                   5f
DUTIES ON  LOCOMOTIVES,  ETC.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered by Mr. Clayton,
of Georgia:                                                     *
Unsolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of reporting a
law for the purpose of remitting the duties on
locomotive engines, railroad car wheels, with
rolled iron tires, axles, springs, &c, already im-
ported, or which may hereafter be imported
within two years.
The question being on Mr. Denny's motion to
amend by substituting the Committee on Man-
ufactures for the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. CHAMBERS continued the remarks
which he had commenced yesterday. The object
of the resolution was intended to exempt from the
payment of duty, certain articles, affecting mate-
rially the interests of the iron manufacturerof this
country. It was not limited to any particular im-
provement or to any special company, but pro-
posed to admit free of duty any quantity of arti-
cles, at all times, and for anybody—for the space
of two years. As a question of revenue, it was
of small concern, and as such, the House was
competent to decide upon it in whatever shape it
might come before it. The importer cannot com-
plain, inasmuch as he makes importation under
a knowledge of the existing law; but it was a
matter of infinite concern to the manufacturer,
who, upon the faith of y our statute, has embarked
lus capital to a large extent in this branch of
industry. As affecting this meritorious class, this
inquiry should properly go to the Committee on
Manufactures. It was "for that committee to con-
sider what was the nature of the compromise act
of 1832—how far the American manufacturer was
capable of supplying the demand for the articles
in question—and whether, should the duty on
them be remitted, the act might not be evaded,
and importations be made of articles for other than
railroad purposes. • All these considerations, and
others which might be mentioned, rendered this
inquiry, in his opinion, the peculiar province of
the Committee on Manufactures.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Speight] had remarked that his constituents
were deeply interested in agriculture, which he
supposed conflicted with the manufacturing in-
terest. Mr. C. contended that these conflicting
interests should not now be weighed—that it was
done by the act of 1832, and there it must rest.
The gentleman, it was true, disclaimed a dispo-
sition to interfere with the arrangement of 1832,
yet, at the same time, he was advocating a reso-
lution which is intended to change the act of 1832,
and to reduce the duties; and thus, while the gen-
tleman was unwilling to assail the compromise
act as a whole, he was attacking it in detail.
What would be the result of such a course?
There were several other great interests which,
by the mode of proceeding proposed, might be
destroyed if brought separately before the House.
He mentioned the woolens, the cotton, the glass,
and the sugar interests, which might be thus as-
sailed; and upon a memorial or resolution calcu-
lated to affect either of them, we were to be told
that it was a mere question of revenue, belonging
exclusively to the Committee of Ways and
Means, lie did not mean to impugn the motives
of that highly respectable committee; but the
House should not tolerate a course of proceeding
so unusual and improper.
It had been said by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that it was merely proposed to allow a
drawback upon articles already imported, and
consequently would not affect the home manufac-
turer. The resolution specified no particular com-
pany or railroad to be benefited, but was broad in
its terms. It was evidently intended to place the
foreign manufacturer on an equality with our
own, and was a direct breach of the act of 1832.
It had also been alleged, that these articles were
not manufactured in this country. He believed
the case was otherwise. It required no superior
skill to manufacture a portion of them. This
matter would, however, be a proper subject of
inquiry by the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. C. referred to the precedents of last ses-
sion which had been adverted to. They were of
recent origin, and if, in these cases, the House
had acted incautiously or inconsistently, should
we now do the sanie thing, and even go further?
Rather let us (said he) retrace our steps, and send
this inquiry to that committee whose duties will
lead to a proper and more mature consideration
of the subject. There had been complaint in re-
lation to the improper reference to the Committee
of Ways and Means, at the last session, of mat-
ters not belonging to it. We had a legal com-
mittee; yet it would be recollected thatat the last
session a judical question, in relation to pension
agencies, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, who, in their report, had furnished
the House with a legal argument, upon the
whole, he hoped the amendment of his colleague
[Mr. Denny] would prevail, and that the inquiry
would be sent to the Committee on Manufactures
Mr.CAMBRELENGsaidtheHousehadbeen,
for three or four days, debating the question
whether this resolution should be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, or on Manufac-
tures, and by degrees they were getting into a
discussion of the tariff. Much of what the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chambers] had
said would be very proper, if we were about to
adopt or reject the resolution; but it is merely
one of inquiry, and the question is, to what
committee that inquiry shall be submitted? AH
questions relating to remission  or exemption
from duty had been uniformly submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means; and if they
were now about to be transferred to another
committee, without intending to lessen the im-
portance of the manufacturing interest, he thought
the commerce, agriculture, and internal improve-
ments of the country much more deeply inter-
ested in the question of facilitating internal com-
munication. He concurred with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that the tariff compromise
ought not to be disturbed. He was therefore
surprised to find an attempt now made to go
back to the protecting system, when the very
object of the compromise bill was to establish a
system of revenue duties, and to restore all juris-
diction over the subject to the Committee of
Ways and Means. As to the ability of our man-
ufacturers to supply rails and locomotive engines,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania must recollect,
that even his own State, behind none for its de-
votion to the manufacturing interest, was com-
pelled to import two thousand tons of railroad
iron. Were we to depend on a domestic supply,
you might graduate a road to the Alloghanies
before you could procure rails or locomotives
to put the first thirty miles in operation. Had
the policy so strongly contended for by some
gentlemen, for some years back, been adopted,
and the importation of rails and locomotives ob-
structed, it would have thrown the internal im-
provements of the country five years in the rear
of similar improvements abroad. Whether loco-
motive engines should be free from duty ought
not to depend on the private interest of the rail-
road proprietor or the manufacturer. On that
ground it ought to be rejected; but we had noth-
ing to do with their particular interests—the
question rested on more elevated ground—on a
policy which was as old as the Constitution itself
-—the wise policy of removing every obstruction
to the introduction into our country of the im-
provements made abroad—of allowing the impor-
tation of models of art and books of instruction—
of encouraging, not by restrictions on, but by
relieving from taxation, those objects of modern
discovery which tended to our improvement in
arts and sciences, or to better the condition, and
to the universal advantage, of the country. It was
only.on that ground that the measure under con-
sideration could be defended. He had, at the
origin of this new improvement, advocated its free
and immediate introduction into this country—
and we had then adopted the policy. We were
not now, however, called upon to decide on the
propriety of adopting the measure proposed, or
of continuing the policy of admitting these engines
free of duty; but simply to determine whether the
inquiry should be sent to the proper committee.
That committee he believed to be the one charged
with the revenue and general interests of the
country, and not that which guarded the interests
of any one particular branch of industry.
Mr. JACKSQN, of Massachusetts, was deci-
dedly friendly to the American system; but he
was nevertheless firmly of opinion, that the pro-
posed inquiry should go to the Committee of
,T---s and Means; and if the other friends of the
could view  the subject in a correct light,
\VY
Way:
ariff                                ...__,_____________,-~0...,
he was persuaded they would agree with ffim.'
This country was unable to manufacture the rail-
road apparatus which would be required for the
next two years, if it was proposed to extend
the time to ten years, he might question its pro-
priety. He had some experience on this subject,
and he was satisfied that we could not supply en-
gines, &c, for railroads already completed. He
had himself made an effort to obtain an engine
for one of these railroads, but -could not; and it
became necessary to send to London for one.
Besides, the difference in the expense of an en-
gine procured in England and this country was
two, or three, or four times as much as the amount
of duty. You cannot, therefore, prevent their
importation; nor will the continuation of the pres-
ent duty at all benefit those engaged in their man-
ufacture in this country. Great'Britain hadjbeeii
longer engaged in the manufacture of those en-
gines, &c,possessed more skill, and a more am-
ple capital, and he inquired whether it was good
policy to retard the progress of important public
improvements, by burdening the railroad com-
panies with unnecessary duties, which could be
of no possible advantage to our own manufac-
turers ?   He referred to the great saving which
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
lesulted  fiora   flic use oí  loiomotive instead  of
hoi so povvn      Thuc weio millions of dolíais in
vtsttdiai niloads,and lalhei than vv utfni mo  lbs
foi the puiposi of obtaining piopci machmciym
this  cou i iv, ltwismtltti of economy to obtu i
them at oni.1  f   m   Engla d     The  companies
would obtmi thesein°-mts tiom ibio d,weiethe
dutydoubli wnuitiowis     If so, why si id this
lnqmiy to tilt <~ om mttt c oi Manufactun s'   By
a i  mission of  these dutiis, domestic mdustiy
would I e mo c eiicnui igid, and the publi   puis
peiity mu h moi<   levan eel, tuan by pti muting
tli   duty to urn in,oi bv meieasi igit     lie com
bitcd the assumption   that tile laihoad coipoia
tío is w ic w   alt 15,   lid   idviit d   to  the sm ill
dividinds vvlicli  tin y made,   aid concluded by
liopug tint tin   am i dine it would  be disagiced
to, and the 0112; 11 1 icsolution idoptcd
Mi MiLLLRsaid tha' he file bimt doubt yis
teld ly as to the piopei disposition oí this subject
Hi was lgnoiaiu m icgaid to the state of the
nimufutuie of the aiticleb in this couimy, and
he ii id mil d to 1 i) the icsolution 011 the tabic,
undo the lmpit&sioti tint it was calculated to
op n the win 1< bid ]cct of the tauff He now
bilitv d that the paiticu u mattei befoic the
HejUbc undid lvistigation ind if In had c nj
doubts beloi , tin mai1 s of the gtiitlimui fiom
Massaihusi its [Mi Jvcksov] had entuely satis
iitd la- inn d Vs a suo|cct oí icveime, it w is of
little impoitanct     Tin quts 1011 of the diffciincc
II   pine mu quilitv, and whethei these anides
could b supplied in this eounti v, wuc [ ropn
subje"ts 10 the Committee on M mufact in s 10
mquiie into, and it was tht  pecidiu dutj of the
0  mimittee oí Ways and Altáis to investigate
matins ulating to the fnanees The ptiscnt
pioposi ion was a plam one, and he tiustcd it
would b   decided at once
Mi 1 WING next obtained tin fooi, ind w is
piolet ding to £, ii his 11 isor.s Í01 tht'voti which
lie   shoul 1   giv     011   the   JlOpOsltlOl,  will)   lis
III  1 uks \ eic auested by a call 101 the Oldi is ot
tile da.)
PvY OF THE NAVY.
Oi motion ot, Mi WATMOiTGIT the House
then us-ohid itsi If into th C muni t e if the
Wh dc on the tale of the Union cu tin bill to
^qutl z ind ligulalt th nevofti cpi r of the
Awyiv md \ iv v of tin fiuti d S itis, (Mi
Bftii.es 1 1 th   eh  11 )
Hie qui stion being on the amendment oífcn d
by \h Wist, to the itnindment piesiiited to the
Hous by tin chanmui of the select commute,
M    W vtvolgh,
AI bPLiGUI said he Uid not use to entei
uei ply into the disc iss o 1 01 th s 1 in but hi
vn uld it 1 iiüimk upon in idia \v inch w is
su0-,ts d 1 \ the isLi\atioti^ oí tu hc itkn in
tioui \ vv "Voik, 0 1 his h it, [Vil Mu,\,] whin
ti bill was Ubibeioie tin e in nttt 1 11 1 uld
111 t sul st uhi toll d 11 tun , th it n tqual ¿x the
p y oi the ifheci&m tin two gnat 11 incnes ot
oil national d fin 1 it vv is isseni li to bnig
di \n lh it ot tin othiisottlu Aimy to ast nd
ud ion spjndni_ with tin piesmt mukquatc
j ay 0' )ui 11 iv u olhceib Hi a0it<d v*itigin
t'tmuithit tne) sumidlo tig iiu-urn thin
piis.iouidb 1 qu ihzeii — I ut not udiced 111 se 1
a 1 11 niei is n j ip ud the iu it <. in^ d sis; leu
in tin ¡ ¡uní Hon o i ui libntits He isi
ilvvilt in th nip 1 mee oí Ule 11 i\ ti se vii 111
lili pu ti dio 1 oí mi cimnii ice 111 pi 1 i   mil 0111
1  ation d 1 o 101    nlsililj   in   wai      It w is  not
with lina, 1 ud h   t us id 11 it with othi 1 íniiiioi is
ot t it  Jons     nil natío 1 oi dolíais md un o
II   w ould ask vv b at gi i k ni in of talents ti d han
01 1! le   iinoitio 1 vi H Id sacude   lite, heillh, an l
loniton In the nine pav   md enioluní nts if an
1*1101.1 111  the naval si iv lee '    All    S   sud he  u
toid d v\  th tin solium n   ilitady expiessid, that
tu    uinsfíist   pnposed by the honoiauh ehau
ill ill oft 1   bileeic   ainiltei   Weie íathel too lllg 1
and una some slight üti ntions he felt f  ion ily
disnrs d tow uds die am nil mi r t offeied by íhe
0    ni m 111 fi un \ u0inn, [\li \x isl ] II had
heudit ul\ meed that it vv as idin0 íouspimci
j'etiouueii net tin iai«mgot a salan Why,
t ície vv is 1 tune w íenthe 1 iginst el iss of v  ssels
1     uu   NT ivv vv is a s'oop of war      is our coun
tiymd mi Nuj n"i   iscd, alarus mist meiease
alen.,  witl   tlu ni     He  suggested to his fiiend
fiom Pennsylvania [Mi   WirviotGH]  the e\pe
du ncy of cngi iftmg in his own amei dim lit some
jf th    provisions iinuiacid m  the ameiidniint
pnposed by the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mi
Wisl ]
The CHAIR decidí d that this would not be 111
ordei
M1 WA TMOL &H obsei ved tha t he vv as p 1
iculaily disuous, ai d ln> ' ciicved alaige poition
of tin 1 umbers of the House vvoie desno is, that
th s Sill should bi disposed of 111 committee to day,
ind luu bcfoie the House His amendment was
thin lead as fol ivvs
' The st 11101 captain, when commanding a
squadion, torn thousand five hundiid dollars,
when on othci duty, foiu thousmd doll irs, when
onleave, 01 waiting 01 dt rs, tine thousand file
liuuuud dolíais
"All it lie. 1 eiptanis, when eommandmif squad
ions in chief, ioui t'n tisana five bundled dolhis,
when   commanding   sqmdions, and undti   the
comuianu  ot a  supuioi   oficei, 01 win 11 ai ting;
as Isavy commissioncis, foui thous   id dolíais,
when  of five yeais    st Hiding, and command
mg vess Is foi sea servici , 01 navv   va ds, co 1st
st\ ions,  01    icting as   cap tun   ot a  flit, time
tliousa id five   hundí d doll us,  when on othi 1
duty, tlnee  thousmd dolhis    ivhinon le in 01
vvaitnis; oideis,   two thous md fix 1    lunihed dol
Ins   when undci  five*yeais, and eonimandm<r
vessels foi set service, 01 navy yudo coast sti
turns, 01 acting is ciptanofa fleit, thin   thou
said mo   hundiid  and fiftv  dolhis   win 11  01
othci duty, two tnousand n'ht liundii d dolíais *
when on h ue ofabs nee   111 waiting oulei  , two
thousand fue h uiuiul doll us   '
Mi WlbL then mov d ibe following as m
am iidmi nt to ihe a! >vi Stuk out ail aftei
t'n woid " 1 he,    m tin fiist 1 no   endnisiit
'Ciilams when willing nidus time t 1011
sand dolhis wh 11 on duty tin 1 thousand si v n
bundled 11 d fi tv doll us 11 In 11 in coram mil 1 f a
smidion, foui thousand fvi hundrtd dillais "
Stuke outfiom the J8t'i to the 34th lint , inclu
sue, "nd 111st t
" \las ei co nmand mts, w In 11 w uting oidcis,
tw > thoustnd doihis   \ li n on duty, two iho 1
md fivi hum icd d ill u
bail out Í oiu the ooth to the 47th lini, inclu
sive, md 111s 1 ,
" L tuft nants, w Inn w uting oidi s, o 1 ihou
s md dill us whin on duly, out tliousind fivi
hun in d doll ii" "
Stuki out bom tli 99th to the lOt'li line, m
eh s vi, and ins 11,
' Silling m tsti lb, when waiting Oldi is, eight
huiidn d dolhis vvlnn on duty, one thousand
thui bundled doll u« "
Stnki out fium the 112th to the llbth line, 111
cl  sive,   nil nisei f,
" P issed mid hipnn 11, wntmg oidus, '-iv hun
dud doll ns when on duly, stven hundí d md
hfiv d >1     s   '
Stuke out from the 122d to the Hbth lini , 111
1 lusii   , i   d nisei t,
' Midshipmen, vi-utuig oide s, fm hundiid
dob us when on duty, iv hundiid and filly
dolíais
S nki )ut from tin 130th to the 143d 1m , 111
1 lusive, md nisi it,
' bo itswain,gunin 1, u|t tii,sulmak 1, md
vimoi 1, when waiting old is, sivin hundiid
dilhis   when on dutv, eight hnndied dnilu
fe 11k jut fiom th li^thto the lJUtlims m
chis 11
Ihe Gil VIR hut umik d that masmiu li as
th cht m in oí tin sell 11 coi miiiti < [All Wn
modi 11] hid mtodiKid 111 1 Hindu nit to his
mi ndmeiit,giving H the secontf di_,iu , aei iidni^
o th sti ct ¡1 ttci oi the lules ot th H mse, tin
aniel dm in of tile <• ith mm luu 1 \ u_mi 1 1M1
Wisi ] w uld comí undei lie t u c¡ d gi 1, md
be, th uf le, m idmissi 1 Put, if 1 o o! 1 etion
w is rus d I ) the ¡ lOeccdins, ne woi id > m< 111111
th   in ition
\o oljeetion being made, tin discussion pio
ce tied
lVli bPEIGHT rem uked tint, as then ap
p aicu to be but little dillennct 111 many points
of tlie two ami ndmi nts, and pai ticulaily as to the
pay of a captt 11 in command ot 1 squadion, he
sugtftsted to the gentleman tiom Vuaini\ [Mr
Wish.] me piopiicly of leaving tint point as it
was in the amt ndnieiit of the ehaumaii ot tne
select committee
i Mi WI&L said theie was an essential diffi 1-
enee 111 the two ami iidmi nts IIik ameiidnient
stuick out tin woid "si 11101," nial mg no dis-
' tmction of guide 111 the 1 ink of captim
Mi   RELD spoke bnefly 1 1 hvoi of n taming
j a el i st i ictio i b avion the scnim and jumoi cap-
tuns of tin A i' v
A in 1 somi inn uks fiom ?Ii WATMOtjGIi,
Mi   V/l^E, to pievuit eon usion   mil piou\-
lty, proposed to ojbaituu Ins   miudmcnt Í01 so
much of tie      leudinent of    he ho 1 11.1 le elian-
man of the se'eet eomniittee   is  ulitis ta cap-
I t Pis
Mi   W4TA10L&H then follow, d 111 opposi-
tion to tin ami idmi nt hit ofieud, md in suppoi t
i of  his own     Hi -nil t'n sm |tiiBiadi   111 yi s
1 lion hi eomd notconsi nt to 11 limp sh Hi asked
v ho tins iiiw pioposition 1 ma fiom Í 01 horn
s leh is fought oiu battlis so gill mtly itTiijoli,
j uid suhscq 1 ntlj \v ith ^Ueh hi h d loiistiltid
It did 11 t oiigmatc with the ¿intlcmm mm eh,
[Ml Nv^isl,] toi he was iw uc tin subpciwis
einneiy ntv. to the honoiabli menibei He di 1
not impugn the motives oí thi~l genii mm, but
li iped   lie vv omd not nioist 011  tl is ptopu 111  n,
1 which  he di   mid  fi lu^lit with   the   1111 st detii
i m  lit ii  eonsequi nci s   to   tne   moid   feelm^   and
I  wi 1! bi mg of th    a ival si 1 va e
i All VVISe, 1 plnd lie Lid but out ft 1 hnB in
this m itii, md t nt vvasa v iiniftihiit of in id
1 ship 101 the g niial fiemes 01 tin bill, md t 1
tin b in fit ol ihe AiPeiican si 1 vite lie sud it
Wei  ti in tin piojiosition did not oiigmite wnu
lam      His 1 ti ntiou h id bet 11 ilk d to tl estilju t
I smce In h id b longed to tin  \ iv ii Comimttei , by
I bi ivt and w   lihy inembcis  if out nav   1 sei via
lli   toiitum d,   t som    length, to advócale and
s istuii the ] lopuety of his imeiiiSmint
Aiti    s ni   i\  lui amy coiivi isi ion bclwei n
Mt sr    II 1.R.1LR, WISE aidbPLluUl,
Ah   SP1 l&lli 1 tiled foi ml Jiuiaiion tiom t le
chaiiiiian  ot  the senct loiinii tin   fVli    Wu
moi Cii] I y wh it I iw 01 at tin 1 itv sui li 1 dis'ine-
ti) 1 w is m ilk   is th it ot seiuoi   mu junio/ e ipt u 1
m tin  11 it a! stiv it t
I Ah WliYiOljCrH sudhewa hippyto^vc
tin gi nil n in th* inlounition s u^ it foi,and
o f 11 d t > the 1 iw of I'll)), and dso 1 1 solano 1
of tin ( o i_,iis  of 177b, in w ii c'i a distiuiiiuii
wismidt b tvui'i tip mis ot /tie yens' stun *
111    01 li Ss
Mi   WISE conttiidtd tint the hw and  ^so-
lution 11 fti 1 d to did not hi ai the gi ntltni m out
I ill the cu ilion it dill lent gi tdi s in tilt lank of
cipiam    That w is tin in0nistia tk 111 om Ivavv ,
'    aid time con'd I e no pi imo ton above it
Mi   HxlRPl R ui    iiyixpicssid Ins conclu
s o 1,   iftn   111 aun   di I    ei uion, to sujpoit th
I ami ldm 111   >f Ins toll  1,11  , [Mi   T\ uitoitn ]
I Mi \l^\ spok at lin0th 11 Hi gmeiil
pun iplisiftln nil, cl inti uin^ the coins, whiCii
ind bun puis nd 111 bim^iiu lilt sUb]eet mis
p es nt sh ipe 0 ioie tin   II  us
AI     III I D 'oil vv  d 111 fun of the amena
111  nt of'th    th nun 11   of th        1 it  t     11 mt    ,
mi   us) ly  Mi    1L\RCI    li    lit  i< ng n 11
th  11   ui inks 1    id is n imp issiblt   to   pitstnt
th  in 111 ihis itiv s j  ipi 1
On mono 1 1 i Mi   W iRD, th      immit 11 th n
lis     1  p it d pi )_,uss   a id obt until I av    io s,t
W 1 a tin   Ilousi   idjoim d
IlOUbL 01   RPPPESr\r VT1\LS
I nnva    Oeiembei If   It 34
Pititiins 1 id mc 111011 ü   wn    pi  stuttd by
Ah   BUIII ft   1 I Co 11   1   1 ut
AI  s is    Milt Hi LL    HARD   C \AiPRE
LI \<_t, and BI  \Rl>-sLl V, it \ew "i 11k
Aiess, s ( tl 4A1BERS in d GALBR \1TII, of
Pt inisv I vama
AI ssis felODDLRT and THOMAS nfAli
iyl uid
AI ssi s GORDON , TAI LOR, and iMASON,
or Vnbiiii 1
All   (jklei IA, of bouth Caiohna,
Aítssis   BL1I 1   and LLTOlILR, of Ken-
tiel y,
Alessis  DICK.I^SONT and LEA, of Tennes-
see
Messis    AillCIIELL and  R1LG0RE,  ot
Ohio
[Mi   Mitchell piesented sundiy depositions
52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
relating  to the claim of Adam Smith, for work ,
and labor done on the Cumberland road, west of !
Zatifsville, accompanied with a sample of metal \
exhibited by him; all of which were referred to
the Committee of Claims.]
Mr. IUNNARD, of Indiana;
Mr. CAGE, of Mississippi;
Mr  MURPHY, of Alabama;
Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a me-
morial of a convention recently held in Baltimore,
composed of delegates from the States of Vir-
ginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and the
District of Columbia, asking an appropriation of
money in aid of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company; which, on motion of Mr. Mercer,
was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation to pay the claim
of Josiah Frost", of Alleghany county, Maryland,
on account of his contract for the repairs of a
portion of the Cumberland road.
On motion of Mr. LOVE, it vvas
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of allowing James Barnet, a lieutenant
in the revolutionary army, half pay for life,
allowing a credit for what he has received as
commutation.
On motion of Mr. ÍIAMER, by leave, it was
Resolved, That the select committee, to whom
was referred so much of the President's message
us relates to the election of President and Vice
President of the United States, be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of so amending the
Constitution as to provide for the election of Pres-
ident and Vice President by a direct vote of the
people in districts; the number of districts in
each State to be equal to the number of Senators
and Representatives to which each State may be
entitled in Congress, and each district having one
vote; the election of said oiiicers in no event to
devolve upon Congress; no person who has been
elected President to be again eligible to that office;
and that no Senator or Representative shall be
nominated or appointed to any office of trust,
lienor, or profit, under the authority of the United
States whilst holding a seat in Congress.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolocd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for deepening the bar
of Pensacola bay, according to the report of the
engineers of the United States, and that of the
Secretary of the Navy, made at the last session
of Congress.                                               ,
DUTIES ON LOCOMOTIVES, ETC.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Clayton, was again taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of reporting
a law for the purpose of remitting the duties on
locomotive engines, railroad car-wheels, with
rolled-iron tires, axles, springs, &c, already im-
ported, or which may hereafter be imported
within two years.
Mr. EW1NG-, of Indiana, continued the re-
marks which ho commenced yesterday, but, from
the low tone of voice and the difficulty of hear-
ing in the Hall, the reporter is unable to give a
connected view of what he said.
Mr. RENCHER desired to explain the reasons
which would govern his vote. He was opposed
to the resolution mainly because the friends of
the tariff objected to it. They look upon it as a
direct blow aimed at the tariff. This was almost
the only reason which would induce him to vote
for sending this inquiry to the Committee on
Manufactures instead of the Committee of Ways
and Means; and he would vote to lay the propo-
sition on the table but for the respect-which he
entertained for the mover, [Mr. Clayton.] He
was unwilling to do anything which might en-
danger the harmony which prevailed on the
subject of the tariff.    So far as the resolution
related to railroad iron already imported, the
friends of the tariff could have no objection to it;
but it went further, and looked to future importa-
tions, and in that view substantially changed the
tariff, and was a palpable departure from, and an
infringement of, the compromise act of 1832.
Why (he inquired) should we remit the duties
in order to favorthsse wealthy joint stock rail-
road companies ? Why should they be exclu-
sively exempted from the necessary burdens
imposed by the Government upon its citizens ?
Other portions of the community might thereby
be subjected to even greater exactions.
It had been said that by the adoption of this
measure we may promote the cause of internal
improvements. He was opposed to it on that
ground, because it was an attempt to do that in-
directly which we have no power to do directly.
His main objection to the resolution, however,
was, that it was an invasion of the compromise
act of 1832. He had received that compromise in
good faith, and would not, therefore, do anything
to disturb it. For these reasons, he would vote
to send the inquiry to that committee which was
most acceptable to the friends of the tariff.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, that this was a mere
resolution for an inquiry, and therefore of a char-
acter usually favored by the House. On that
ground he had voted the other day against lay-
ing it on the table. But, although it might be of
some importance, it was not, in his estimation,
sufficiently so to authorize a protracted debate, to
'the exclusion of other subjects of much greater
interest. It was now quite manifest, as well from
the debate which had already taken place, as from
the anxiety indicated this morning to address the
Chair upon the subject, that a long discussion
might be looked for before any vote could be had
on the resolution. Under such circumstances he
thought the proposition ought to be laid on the
tabic, and he would make a motion to that effect.
Ho was not actuated by any considerations con-
nected with what was called the compromise act
of 1832. tie did not believe that the legislation
of the country ought to be trammeled or control-
led by that act, or that we are bound in honor to
regard that measure as sacred. He was not dis-
posed to disturb the act referred to; but he did
not predicate his present motion upon any con-
sideration having reference to its obligatory char-
acter upon the House. He repeated, in conclu-
sion, that his object in moving to lay the propo-
j sition on the table was to arrest an unnecessary
i and prolonged discussion.
Mr. CLAYTON asked the  gentleman  from
New York [Mr. Bkahosley] to withdraw his
motion until he could reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.RENCHER.]
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. C. said he would remind the House, that
the resolution was merely one of inquiry, and
that it could not possibly be known, until the in-
quiry was made, whether it did interfere with the
compromise or not. Ho was free to say that, if it
did, ho would surrender the question; for he hoped
ho should be among the last men who would dis-
turb the settlement of a matter entered into so
solemnly, and that had quieted such distracting
j agitations.    But it was not true, in his opinion,
I that it did disturb that question.    Similar apph-
j cations had come from the tariff interest.    Rail-
i road iron had been exempted   from duties  on
i their exclusive solicitation.    A large proportion
I of the friends of the present measure belonged to
that side; let an inquiry therefore be made, and
if it should appear that the object sought by the
resolution' so interferes with the tariff' question
as to disturb the compromise, it will no longer
have his support; but he should hope to hear no
more from that side of the question about sus-
pending duties upon objects that happen to suit
their particular convenience, as in the case of rail-
road iron.    Let us have no more applications for
| relief when it answers their purpos.% and then a
| loud complaint when a measure precisely similar
| comes before the House.
I The gentleman from North Carolina seemed to
think that the resolution favored the very doc- I.
trines against which the South has been so long ¡j
contending—namely, protection. If he (Mr. C.) ¡|
thought so, he surely would abandon it as quick ''
as he could getaway from it; but he thought he ''
could convince the gentleman himself that that I
idea was erroneous.   He did not consider the I!
present duties on the objects contained in his res-
olution as-revenue duties; they were not intended
for the support of the Government, but were ex-
clusively designed to protect those articles. So
far, then, he considered he was assailing an un-
lawful, and he meant by that expression an un-
constitutional, provision. He was only asking a
simple repeal of a law which was passed in dero-
gation of the great interest which he represented.
If, when the law was about to be passed, it would
be a good argument against it to say that it greatly
prejudiced the agricultural interests of the South,
that it was invading their rights, surely it was
legitimate to come here and ask a suspension of
the duties for a limited time in favor ot those
rights. He did not ask protection of those inter-
ests; and he only asked a restoration of those
privileges of which they had been robbed. This
was the proper view of the question. But for
these duties, that had been laid for the express
purpose of a particular class, the great agiicul-
■tural and planting South could have gone on to
erect railroads, and procured the materials neces-
sary for that object, without taxation; an 3 now*
that they ask to have those taxes suspended, it
is conceived they are in favor of protecting cer-
tain interests in the country! No, sir, it is not
protection, it is matter of right we ask; and the
apparent disposition to refuse it shows how soon
that will be considered as a right, by an exclu-
sive interest, which was originally yielded to it
as*a matter of favor. He repeated, that, if he
thought his motion went either to support the
protective system, or to disturb the compromise,
and in the compromise he considered the whole
American system involved, not on the tariff, but'
internal improvement, he should abandon it with-
out delay; and if his resolution is rejected on
either of these grounds, he shall be perfectly sat-
isfied, and shall henceforth consider it as proof,
assuming th'c authority of precedent, of the first
solemn determination of Congress to sustain the
compromise. Now, go it which way it may, he
would be content.
Mr. BINNEY said there were misapprehen-
sions on the subject. It had been supposed that
the resolution related in part to* railroad iron.
Such was not the fact. Another misapprehen-
sion was, that railroad iron was now subject to
duty. This was also a mistake. That descrip-
tion of iron, when imported by corporations,was
not dutiable under our statute. The simple ques-
tion was, whether this subject should be submit-
ted for investigation to the Committee on Manu-
factures, or to that of Ways and Means.' Some
remarks which had fallen from various members
of the House rendered it imperative on him to
express an opinion on the subject. Whatever
that opinion might be, he did not conceive that
it should involve any principle for or against
the interests conserved, by either of those com-
mittees. In the first place, this same subject, at
the last session of Congress, had been referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means. He would
now consider it a repioach to that committee to
take it out of its hands. The investigations of
that committee had already resulted in the pro-
duction of u bill bearing directly upon the sub-
ject in debate. Mr. B. contended that this was
not a measure for giving money for the promo-
tion of internal improvements, or the protec-
tion of Ameiican manufactures. It was to take
away a tax levied by the revenue laws of the
country, and he believed it strictly belonged to
the Committee of Ways and Means. Mr. B.
said he had just received a communication from
an individual engaged in the manufacture of loco-
motive engines for the use of railroads, which he
should, in due time, lay before the House. The
communication of this individual, whom he hail
known for thirty or forty years past, would, if
no other consideration had, have convinced him
of the propriety of referring this subject to the
committee of which he was a member—that of
Ways and Means—which he believed as capable
as any other of acting and deciding on its general
merits, no matter what interests it might in-
volve.
Mr. DICKERSON followed on the opposite
side of the question, contending that the subject
properly belonged to the Committee on Manu-
factures. Ho answered many of the arguments
advanced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and concluded by  remarking, that, as it was
1834.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     53
evident this question was about to open the whole
tariff question, he would move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mi   D , however, at the request of Mi. Bur-
GES, (who promised to renew it,) withdrew the
otion
Mr BURGES strenuously contended that this
was a proper subject for the Committee on Man-
ufactures, and for that committee only. It had
been frequently said in the course of this debate
that this matter was liable to conflict with some
provisions of what was called the "Compromise."
Sir, (said Mr. B ,) I have little to say of this
compromise. The people have not compromised,
and the time must come when all such arrange-
ments must be swept away by the loud voice of
public opinion. Gentlemen might prepare them-
selves for that event, foi come it must and come
it would They might make up their minds
for this event, for the labor of the country
could not succumb to the interest of Em ope, or
the prejudices of the South Mr. B proceeded
. to a discussion of the relative strength of the cast
and rolled iron of this country and of Europe,
some of the latter of which, brought into this
country under the name of rolled iron, was no
better than cast—nay, it could be more properly
compared to the ice that congeals from the íoofs
of youi houses' He contended that the intro-
duction of this European manufacture would
peril the lives of oui fellow-citizens, while we
could have no legal redress for any accidents that
might occur fiom the defect of the materials He
concluded by again- repeating that he had noth-
ing to do with that false and cowardly arrange-
ment so often called the "compromise "
Mi. B. then icnewed the motion to lay the res-
olution on the table, which was decided in the
affirmative, as follows—yeas 123, nays 85
YEAS — Messrs. John dumcy Adams, John
Adams, Heaman Allen, Chilton Allan, William
Allen, Banks, Barber, Baimtz, Baylies, Beaids-
ley,Beaty, Beaumont, Blair, Boon, Brown, Bull,
Burd, Bulges,Buins,Chambers,Chaney,Chilton,
William Clark, Corwin, Clamer, Crockett, Dar-
lington, Amos Davis, Day,  Denny, Dickson,
Dickerson,  Evans,  Horace  Everett,  Fillmoie,
Fowlei,  Philo C   Fuller,  Galbraith, Garland,
Gillet, Grennell, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Hal-
sey, Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Joseph M. Hai-
per, Harrison, Hathaway, Hazeltme, Heath,
Hendeison,Heistei, Howell, Ebenezer Jackson,
Jarvis, Wilham Cost Johnson, Richard M John-
son, IN oadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kmnai d,
Lane,  Lansing,  Lapoite,   Lay,   Thomas  Lee, I
Love, Lyon, Abijah Mann, Toel K Mann, Mar- I
tindale, Marshall, Mows  Mason,  McKennan,
McKim,  McLene, McVean, Millei, Milligan, ,
Minei, Hemy Mitchell, Robeit Mitchell, Mor- |
can, Muhlenberg,Osgood, Page, Paiks, Paiker, I
Patterson,  Dutee J   Peaice, Phillips, Pierson,
Pinckney, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Schenck,
Shmn, Slade, Sloane, Smith, Standefci, Steele,
Stewart, Sutheiland,  Wilham Taylor, Fianus
Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins, Tin ner, Tweedy,
Vandeipoel, Van Houten, Wagnei, Ward, Web
ster,   Whallon,    Frederick   Whittlesey,   Ehsha
Whittlesey, Wilson, and Young—123
NAYS—Messrs John J Allen, Archer, Ash-
ley, Beale, Bean, Bmney, Bnggs, Bunch, Bynum,
Cao-e,Cambieleng,Campbell,Caii,Casey, Chmn,
Claiborne, Clay, Clayton, C1o-a ney, Coffee, Con-
noi, Cianc, Davenport, Debeny, Dickinson,
Dunlap, Ewing, Feldei, Feins, Fostei, William
K Fuller, Gamble, Gholson, Gordon, Graham,
Grayson, Griffin, Hamer, James Harper, Haw-
kins, Hawts, Hubbaid, Huntington, Inge, Wil-
liam Jaekbon.Kaianagh, Kilgoit, King, Luke
Lea, Letchei, Lewis, Lincoln, Loyall, Lucas,
Manning, Maidis, John Y Mason, May, Mc-
Carty, McComas, MeKmley, Moore, Muiphy,
Patton, Peyton, Pickens, Franklin Pierce, Polk,
Rencher, Reynolds, Robertson, William B bhep-
ard, Augustine H Shepperd, Spangler,Speight,
Stoddert, William P Tayloi, Philemon Thomas,
Tiumbull, Vance, Watmough, Wayne, Wildt,
Williams, and Wise—8o
BRIDGE OVER THE POTOMAC.
The SPE1ICER laid befoie the House a letter
fiom the Secietaiy of the Tieasury, in response
to a íesolution of the 16th instant, relitiveto the
budge across the Potomac, which was laid on
table
PRESENTS FROM MOROCCO.
The joint resolution authorizing the sale of a
hon and two horses, received as a present by the
American Consul at Tangier from the Empeioi
of Morocco, was read a third time, amended on
the motion of Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, and
NICHOLAS D. COLEMAN.
The bill for the íehef of Nicholas D. Coleman
was read a third time, and passed.
B. KILBURN.
The bill for the relief of D. Kilburn was taken
up A lengthy discussion ensued, m which
Messrs WHITTLESEY of Ohio, WARD-
WELL, THOMSON, BRIGGS, BURD, CHIL-
TON, and BURGES, participated.
Before any question was taken on the thud
leading of the* bill,
Mi PARKS, by consent, moved that when the
House adjourns, it will adjouin to meetagainon
Monday, which was, agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Mo-íday, Deceinber 22, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were piesentcd by
Messis HENDRICKS, SILSBEE, WRIGHT,
HILL, McKEAN, BUCHANAN, SMITH,
CLA'V, and PORTER.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a memonal fiom the convention lately assem-
bled at Baltimoie, piaymg fuither aid fiom Con-
gress for the continuation and completion of the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, which was lefeired
to the Committee on Roads and Canals
Mi WRIGHT piesented a memonal fiom a
numbei of merchants and otheis in New Yoik,
lequesting the aid of Congress in fitting out an
explonng expedition to the South Seas, which
was refoired to the Committee on Naval Affans
RESOLUTIONS  IJNTRODUCED.
The following resolutions were submitted-
By Mr. HILL
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury
be íequested to transmit to the Senate, as eaily as
may be practicable, the numbei and the amount
of Navy and mihtaiy Viignua revolutionaiyland
warrants, now on file for scrip in the General
Land Office, the names of the individuals who
peifoimed the service,, and also the names of the
persons or agents who filed the warrants, or are
interested in tht same
Also, that tire Secretary of the Treasuiybe
further íequested to inform the Senate the
amount of suspended Navy and militai y Virginia
re\olutionary bounty land scrip now lying in the
Geneial Land Ofhee, the names of mdmduals
who peiformed the service, and the names of the
peisonsor agents now claiming sud si rip, and
the ltasons for suspending the delivery of the
same
By Mi. LINN
Resohed, That the Committee on Claims be m
stiuued to inqune into the expediency of making
an appiopnation to compensate Augustus Jones,
maishal of Missouu, foi services rendeied tht
public in detecting and bitaking up bands of
counteifeiteis, who were flooding the eountiy
withspuuous money, and that said committee
call on the Sccretaiy foi infoimation relating to
this sub|ect
By Mi  TOMLINSON
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instiucted to mquue into the ex-
pediency of compensating Phmeas Taylor, of
Banbuiy, in the State of Connecticut, foi a hoise
and other piopeity taken fiom him foi public
us,c daring the i evolutionary -nai
By Mr   BLACK-
Resolved, That tht Postmaster Geneial inform
tht Stnate whether so much of the act of Con
giess,approved 25th Jane, 1832, as establishes a
mailiouto from Buint Corn, in the State of Ala-
bama,  by  CKiborne,   Clarksville,   Cofieeville,
Washington Court House .Winchester, Elhsville,
Wilhamsbuig,   Monticello,  and   Mead\ille,  to
I Natchez, m the State of Mississippi, has been
I cained into effect, and if it has not, what cause
I or causes ha\e prevented it
By Mr. POINDEXTER:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to procure fifty copies of the American
Diplomatic Code, to be retained for the use of the
Senate.
This resolution was twice read, and referred to
the Library Committee.
By Mr. KING.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authonzmg the appointment of an agent to re-
ceive evidence of the losses sustained by the in-
habitants of the now State of Alabama, by the
invasion of a party of Creek Indians in the year
1814, when Fort Mims was taken, and those who
fled there for protection massacred.
By Mr. SWIFT:
Resolved, That the SecretaiyofWar be directed
to cause a survey to be taken of the channel
between the islands of North and South Hero, m
Lake Champlain, together with an estimate of
the probable expense of removing obstructions
to vessels in said channel, with a view of facili-
tating the navigation of said lake, by the removal
of said obstructions, and that he make a report
thereof to the Senate at the next session of Con-
giess
By Mr. KENT:
Resohed, That the Committee on Military
Affairs inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the immediate commence-
ment of fortifications on the Patapsco, at the city
of Annapolis, and at St Mary's, all deemed
essential by the board of engineers, in their
report, dated the 9th of Febmary, 1821, for the
security of the cities of Baltimoie and Annapolis,
and for the protection of the commerce of the
Chesapeake Bay.
REPORTS   FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mi. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill for the relief of Humphrey
B   Gwdthney.
Mr SHEPLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Peter H.
Green
Mi. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, reported the bill to settle and-estabhsh
the noithem boundary line of the State of Ohio,
without amendment
Mr C said he would call up this bill for con-
sideration at the earliest period which was offered
him
Mr MOORE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill gi anting to the State of
Alabama three per cent, of the net proceeds of
the sales of public lands, amended to two per
cent.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mi WRIGHT gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to intioduce a bill entitled
" An act in addition to an act to provide more
effectually for the settlement of the accounts of
receivers of public money ," approved March 3,
1797
Mi LINN give notice that to-morrow lie
would ask leave to intioduce a bill authormng
an appropuation to aid in improving the harboi
at St  Louis
THE REGISTER OF BFBATES.
Mr BENTON rose and asked the indulgence
of the Senate for a moment, thi>t he might try an
issue with Messrs Gales & Seaton, editois of
the Congressional Registei, by an inspection of
the rccoid He had stated, on Thursday last, that
they had, in thtir Register, suppressed two of
Ins m-un speeches on the Bank of the United
States, m 1832, and inserted a falsified account of
anothei. This statement seemed to be denied
m the National Intelligencer of this morning, and
he had now brought in the Register, Vol 8, part
the fust, foi the session of l831-'32, to venfy
what he had said Mr B then tinned to the
Registei, for the debate of June 8th and 9th, when,
as the Senate would recollect, he spoke at large
on the question to engioss the bill he spoke the
afternoon of one dry and thefoienoon of the next
Of all this, about half a column is in the Register;
and even that a'tiibuttd to him things which he
had not said, and which he disdained the
second suppression was on the return of the bill
with the -veto message, when he again spoke the
54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decern' ej' 22,
afternoon of on dav and some hows of tin nc\t
Or"ll this,s ai< ( a p tuyiaph wis to bt found 111
the 11 iistei It was a spetoh, liinvn 1, winch
wis wi.ll 1 now n to th am itn at tin time, and
\ hie!,  th    Bulk of th     Unit d   otates  ¡nil ip
vi   wed   ai   is   HMV n^   THl'SVMltlpi^Wi
punted ud en  ulit d      Mi   1>  v>id i'it < ditois |i
if the Inttllig ncc! had a id ltiktntos1  iw th 10 ||
~onld be no suppn ssio 1, bee uise tin y hid in  ',
sir id a giict many I0114 columns of his spot < b s
11 tin 11 llcgisit 1     lie & ud it would not n qu 11 1 1!
yaid stick to m asuri vv h it  In \ h id itist lied Í01 l|
lura on these two 0"i isions, when In sj ( ki p iri. H
of two diys it 1 aoh turn , 11 a ley eoi    would do   I
foi the 111 ns ue      T  iv w    e il out tin 1 nirili of p
a bail y rom, v   tin 1   100  uid 111  he Re¿wi.i    1
Tin thud pom* that hi complin d of w 1-, th n  j
ot nisei tint* tindt    Ins nun    itilsifi d  n   oil   t of |
an u lpleasuit altereation which gi cw out of the
debite on tnc veti  1111 ss m      He   nel q 1 ihlii d
ihit account of tint altticition, b / tin  qiitluts
whit h itdestiwd,on Thu sd 15   h«t, w h< 11  he
btanded it isan t il uno 1st Isim ition of th  tint)
It wis Mi B 's urn ntion, at some siut-ble
time, to Inn iioniiiilln to < \\i mu nit 1 fies
Hedisteis, md th it with 11111 hlnjii 11  \v th in
v\ ouid 1 elite to tin pM so i"! 1 11 u j ('one to lllm
•-elf Toi the pies<nt,ht h ui 1H I) it but t>
nv an issin by iiispti! n th t ei ' In li fl
<1111c this, ind vJioMid 1 In. nil inn and pi°-t , d ty
md vi 11 suljiet uirl ouaMiui, 01 m Inch his
speeches weic sttnpussid an 1 ftlsificd
,\ÍIIIT\MY  1 AMI   t\ARRAfiIS
The I ill fi )iii the Houst to 1 xtt nd t'l tun-  foi
i sin ,; a id lot ltinj; mihtii I1111I lviuimswri
i adtwi 1 md i* fined t) tlu Connnittei on Pub
lie frauds
pucsrvrs rRo,i- Morocco
The joint k solution from th ilousi atthoi)7
1 i^ the sale of tin hou uud hmsi s pi si ntid to
tin I 111 id &t ites Consul it T mj;ieis bv tin
Fuq 1 lot i f \loio ei iv wit ut tw u i    w h 11
Mi   C L V\ s ud, is  t in   w is no v i y ipmo
priate 1 oimiii tei to whit h th   lcsolu ion coul 1 b
s nt, h   would mow  to iif 1 the 1  mIhUoii to the
Committee owl, iiukuii
Mi KINO, ot Al iba 111, obseiw d, (Hat is the
pitsents tppcind to be conniitiil wiihom loi
cign iiluions, hi thou^'it tin Commute 1 on
1 ueign II litions the most ippiopuuc one foi
thi  nsiliiltin to bt sint io
Mi    CLU   oo|    tid to t'l it 1   f unci, is thi
amiii lis, 'u   was ml 11111 d   «u   now in this my ,
a 1 I the    u')j t 1 w is not c > 1 lecti d wit 1 out 101
<■ ign all ins
Vil KING itphid, th tt if tile Comni Itie on
AiCiieitltui d sued to I ihl rhu^i f f tin Ml )|l < t,
(not bun_,r linns II on t 11 loininuti ,) hi h id no
objection but is itapoiu d that out toiisiils
and o her pubhi flint tionaiu & could 1 enw no
j)i< scuta (10111 Ionian Powtis, aid 111 pievious
insumís, when inducid todo si, iitlni 11111
give < fli use to those who pn si utcd them, tin V
h id Leen sent to the Gow 111111 nt, he thought tin
com mttn li 1 id indicated tin most suitable out
But if the A_ri ii uttiu il C itnmittu u n disu >us
of usina: 'he hoii.es, he (Mi K ) hid no obji e
tion
Fin lesohition was lcfciied to the Committee
Oil   \giiiultuic
BIUS ORJDCRED TO   A THIRD READING
The bill for the ichif of Simu 1 Smith, Lynn
Migcc   ind Si moist, C t ekindiuis,
The bill uithoming thi leluiquislnu nt of tin
MXtcinth actions foi tin u c of school-., uid
gi intin_, othci Imds in lieu theicof   uid
The bill fot tac lehef of Susm Mubw
Wtie  lead  mice,  as  111   Gnnmitec   of thi
"Whole, ind  sivirilly oideied to  be ciigiosscd
foi a thud leading
FLI7A SIMS
\ bill toi the lehef of Elizi Sims wis lead and
lettnid
DISTRIBUTION Or DOCUMENTS
Mr WAGG4.M4.Nf call d up the icsolution
with regudtothe distributimof the Unity copies
of the documents nlaüic to the public lands,
which wis agieed to
FRENCH SPOUimONS
The Senate then proceeded to the r-pceial order
of the d ly, the bill to ippiopu ite j-ñ 01) 000 11
satisly clums for spoil uions inidi upo Anicu
can commerce by Planee pi 101 to ItiuO
Mi SHCPLCY sid Mi Pi sileit, when I
considei tic inooitincc of the bill now mid 1
eoisid r ¡tion, I <• motfoioii askiig 1 111 tic
nidi 1" li-c of t n S tuti w hi] I'ui nti'l pe )
lis'ied dictum nts of this Gov in 11 nt, "tiid tiom
thi ra attempt to show t ie just cc ot the meisu c
contení) n,ná bv this bih
I nil iwt c that it will be but 1 wry limited
and imp fct < xhibitio i o**tin me its oi th b M,
ti otiu, y the time of the °cniic by " div 1 c il
n' Stite piicis, 1 d yet, that is 1 1 u V aü that 1
piopos todo 1 s'ull < ttempt to showhooi sen h
elocun nts—
Tint the juoierty or our citizens \i is illtg llj'
tiki n Aom th m bv Fini"i
Tint then n^'it to haw com je ísuio 1 fi m
"1 nice wis 11 (0'ni7ed by tl t TJmtedS 1 cs tint
it wis i'si ulinitti I by ' 1 mte
1 hit I 1 inci liU 111 ns igu ist ti e Un ted
Stite s, tin ]tis ice of which, to some e\u nt, «is
not dinn d
F'l it comp nsition for th se injtiui s 111'lit
li ivr been obtn ltd fiom Pi 1 ice, it ve h id I 11
w llni to 1 istituti 1 co niiiission foi mil 11 il com-
p nsuion f 11 111,111 ts      funce o^ r d this
lint com p n ition vis not o itinn d, 1 e-nisi
the Un.ted feiitcs this todis"hn^i hes cl 11 ns
foi the pui pose of ojuuatn^ 1 dischn^i of lit 1
oblio-Uions to rnnee
Tile it¿ht to toiupc isatioii was not destiny d
bv a s ite t f \v 11
r 11 the pui pos" oí showing t'u ihuatt 1 or
the ni|uiies 1 íflict d upon out com in ice, it will
ot nt cessiry to t \a nine the eom u 1 nl 1 1 ti ins
be'wienthi   countiy ind Pi mo   ittlnttin
Bv the trc it y oí in it\ intl 1 omnieicc of the fjtb
nf iVinrav, ]77S,   mi '1   twenty  thi!,itpn
ndt el ti it it s'nll be lawful for   hi   sell pits o*
Pi  net  ind  the r^onle of the United Stitts " ti
sul wiih then sups with ill 111 innei ot li)iit\
' md  secmity, no (¡isime mi (jcdi, luir vim a c
the jnepiieiois of the machaudi, fi laden thocon,
f o?ii a 111 pn I to the plací.* of tlw<¡c io'io now ate, o>
I'tei -utlu sha'l be, c' en nn f 1t.1t it ic most Christian
1 ¿Un *, ei the United btalei "    And this" lot only
(d 1  ttly fiom th  plactsoftlu  enemy afoiomen
1 ' tion ti   o neutiil phi 1 s, but liso f 0111 one pliet
! ' In ! i nri 1^ toa 11 n tnv to another pli    bt !o io;i 1 r
''to nt nt 1113   wlictlit 1 the j  he undei the puis
'diction  it the sime pi nee, 01 und 1 s lenl   '
j " <ind it v> heiebij siipi late I, t lal liee^lnpiiliaUal-o
' !*i e a fieedmn to t>oo'ls,  i id that 1 wiyiln 1  s'lill
' li   tie 111 d to b   lit     iid iMiipt,    " ilthou h
' th   wh de 1 itlui", 01 a ij |ait   he leof, should ip
pei   1111 to thi en nut soft lthei ,eomi ibaud goods
' b 111^ il \ 13 s    vet pted "
Th twi ity ou th ai tick eininieiitcs the goods
whu h 11    t 1 b    le^ud d as conti ibind
V it tvventi fifth utielt pioscnbcs tint in cisc
eithti pai ty shall bt t n^ao-t d 111 a wn , ns ships
md w ss Is " must be feu 11 sin d with se t lettus
' 01 pi spoits,t >pie sine, tht name, pi ipi ity, a id
'bulkofthi ship ' ittoidni"-to the foim unit \ d
to t'le ti ity 1'ns wis to tt the tudenee of iht
piopeity ot the ship as ícspects its nation il eh r
acte 1
It w is during the cxtstt 111 e of this ttcity, id
1 nutted bj bolh paitu = to be tin 11 obh<ntor\ up 111
the p utits to it, that the fust c tuses of complaint
aios
By 1 eleerte of the Natioml Cnmcntion of
Fiance, of the d ite of W ly 9,173b, it is d el 11 id
"An 1 The Fiench ships it wvrindpma-
' tee is miy auest and bn is; into the po ts of the
' Republic the neutial íesselsv. Inch sh ill bt lid n
'wholly 01 in put,i nhei with a ttcleiifpiouuons
'belonging to tial nations, and th stint d to m
I ' enemy s poit, 01 with merchandises belon^n o-
1 ' to  in enemy    '
fne some convention, 01 tin   '2")d of the sum
I month, decliied by detiet  "tint the \essels   if
' the United States ue not corame In nded in the
'dispositions of the decne of th   9th of Mil    '
1 This deciet of the 23d was íepealed on the 5>8th
I of May
The contention, on the 1st of July, isnn
decried that the vtsstls of the Undid fetatt s
v. tic not compn hended 111 thi decite of the 9th
of Mav and the d cite of thi J/th July i Un
" maintained the disposition of that of the 9th of
May "
I Tin C\ 1 tit w Di 1 eto e , 01 tl e °d of Juh ,
1796 Jetl in el " t'l it neuti tl and ill ¡ Pov/ei s
-hill, witho it d 1 iv, be lot ii> d th it the ¡1 i<j of
' t'l Ti 11 S 11 n lie w 11 e it 11 nti 1 \ sst Is,
' eit ci is to co 11 a ion s o s ire' sobrio
' ut, in t it 1 mil! 1 is tl ey sh ell suff 1 tl e
' F     ish t) tl   it tin n "
Vud on th 2d of M 11 eh, 1707, the Due-toi v
d e ltd "lint the Fi mil ^ ss Is of wu and
'p nititis ma/ top md c in y 1 ito the por's
'11' th R publit 111 lit 1 il 1 ssiIs whuh miy bt
' found 'oidi 1 eiitnt ly 01 111 ¡m with meic'ur-
'dis   b 1 nielli r to th   en itij   "
The ""i ncli Mmnt 1 of th Mime md if
the C lome  on the 30th A ml 1707, th Ian 
' Lie ' \ei 1 in ship mi st h il ipi'spoitiul
'it 1! d'i qnpn ) ship' roll I ninn 1 (lis e
' 1' quniiOtiiM list Whin is, without the 0
' p qu 1 , she wht to be confisca ed ' And 1 1
gees k su foi it mil 5 t th passion only
iv 1 requued by the tn ity, is wis aft lvvids
admitted by I lance
llie Ciunt I of Tim Hi ndied,on the 11 th Jan-*
uuy,17J3 th ic d,thu ' Tin cli 11   tei rf (be
'w sel,i 1 tivi to the qniluj if neute 1 oi eiieme,
' iy d t 1111 md bj h 1 cue;o "
A 1 i \t lord 11111 y tnbuiidl w is 111 ie! 3 the oie;in
to dee el upon pi'/es by i di eiee of tbt isth of
N iv nhei, 1703, d c'liin? tin "volidiiv or 111-
'vthditv of pii/esmul by ni iv itce is, s'nll be
' di n 1 1 by w ly ol idimnisti ition by tin Piovi-
' soiy incentive Council "
All tin se then s. and the proc edinss under
tlnm,wcie 1 itonlv 111 dtrict violation of tin ttcity
and tile utiel s íecitcd, but so fn these d piedi
tions 01 oui ciinmeice took plac be ote th pas
stü of the ict of Co i^n ss of the 7th of Julv ,
179M, iinullni  the ti 111s
' Pjit iii^ht of th citi/ ns to h iv compens ition
fiin Í 11111 "wis, is 1 hive Slid, iceognized by
the Unit dStitts
I      Tut  St t letuy of State, Mi  JetTi 1 son, in a en
cul 11  leftei  addiissid to  tin   men hants, undt 1
due of Auir'ist, 1793, sats   "I have it in charge
' fi un tin  Ptisidciu to i^sm    the  nieiclnnts of
I 'the United Stit s, conciincd  111 foiti¿n com
'm íeeor n ivi!?itioii, that due   uteiition will bo
!j ' paid to tny 1 ljui íes they m iv sufl 1 on the hi^h
II  'st as 01 111 fon ii?n conntiits, eouti « v to 11   law
'of nations, 01 to c is me, ti  atit s    and th it on
' th 11   foi warding hnhei w II leith   incited    v
'dene   of th    sun    pioier pio cedin0s will be
' a 1 mt d foi thtii ichif "
And tn 1 lette   to out  Min stei to GieatBnt
un, untlei d ite of Apnl 96, 1797, the Stcictiry
stys     ' lint neiily a'lthe vi ssils, 011 1 j;cts, ai
' both, v/hit h 11c cam d 1 i by t'n 11  pin itceis,
'no cjndcmntd  by the nvil ofh eis on shoic
I  '13 sidi s   when h    (Mi   Adit)  mentir ns unau
j   ' thonzed c iptures, he  epinot 11 fi 1 to tilt   in llti
l' ' tude which wc complun of, is mad    111 duect
' viol ition ot oui ticatv with Fiance "
I In th insliactions to oui Envoys to Prince,
' undn tl iti of July 15, 1797, is this declintio 1
"Indeed, th gieates* pait, piebil ly n uly all,
' t'n captmes and 1 onfistanons in question have
I ' In n com nil eJ in di eet violation of tint tieitv,
,, '01 ofth   law ofiiitions "
' The Pi esidt nt of the United Stites 111 his speech
of the 8th ot Di cení xi, 1798, speiki i<r of de-
ciee of tl e Dnectoiy, ijs, ' It emoins tliem ¡0
1 mtoim to ill the hws of Fi mce, nlttive to
' ei eu^i i^ intl pnzes vv ¡ill this 1 iws 111 turn-
' selv s the somces of the dt pn ditions ot which
'we hiw so long, so justly, and so fiuitlcssly
' cotnpl uned "
So peift 11 was Ihe 1 isjlit of the citizens to have
coninensition ngiided, that 111 the instructions,
undei elite of "J2d Oi tobei, 1799, to out Envoys
to 1 lantt , i' this cl uise
' I 11st— \t the opening of the ncj;itntion, vou
'will mt 11m tin í lent h Ministi is, that the Unit d
' stites txpeet fiom 1 1 in e, as en indispensable
' eomlitioii if t„e tieatu, 1 stipul ition to mike to
' th citizens ot tin Unite tl btates full t ompi 11
's 1011 foi all losses and d ima^t s \ Inch they
' sh ill hive stisliin d by leasm of me^ulai 01
' illciial eaptuies, 01 condemn itions of tnen vt^
' se]b md then mop ity, until 1 coloi of an hon'y
1 01 commissions fiom the Flench Republic or its
' igenls "
It lemttns, in xt, to ascertain vvhcthei Fiance
did not admit her obligation to inake%ompeiiaa-
tion
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
In the delibuations of the Executive Dnectory
on July 31, 1798, it is stated, that such mfoim-
ation has been received as to ' leave no room to
' doubt, that French cruisers, orsuch is call them-
' selves Fiench, hive infringed the laws of the
'Republic, íclative to ciuismg and prizes "
And in a deciee of the 18th of Mai ch, 1799, the
Executive Directoiy admits, that tht former
deciee " in what relates to the íole- d'equipage,
'with which ueutialve-stls ought to be furnished,
' has had impropei mteipietitions, so far as con
'can  the íol^s d 'equipage of Anrnicari vessels,
'and that it is time to do away the obstacles lesult
' ing theiefiom, to the navigation of vessels of
' that nation
Oui    Envovs,  c] uming   compensation  fiom
Trance, find Fiance also c' Aiming a fulfillment on
oui pait of the ti   xtirs, and in then letter of 17th
May, 1800, to  the Scuetaiy of State, they say,
" Om success is doubtful      Tin   Frtneh think it
' haid to indemnify foi violating engagements,
' unless they can thereby be restoied to the bene
'fits of them " Th" objection heic, then, is not to j
making an indemnity, but to making it vv thout
liavi igthe I cm fit of the sametieatu s,foi the vio   |
lation of which we claimed ofthcra compensation   j
The French Mm st^rs in thin pioposal to the ,
Ameucan. envoys, undei dati llih Augist, 1800, '
says " Thus, the fust propos tion of tin Mm I
'isteis of Fiance is to stipulate a full andentue '
' locosmtion of tieaties,-uid tht rccipiociltngagr j
' ment of compensation foi d"ma"Vsiesu]!ingon
' both sidis fiom then infiaction "                         |
If this is noo pe"entcd, thev t! en piopose " the
abolition of mcicnt treaties," md, in such case, ,
" tVie would 1 e no dimand of compensation "
Here, then,is an offer of compensation for in
lunes to oai   citizens" mide  by Fiance, but she ,
tlaimcu compensition fiom the United States for '
the non-f ilfillment of tin   m ities, and that the
compensado i should be íecipio^al                           \
These  c'aims  of Fi nice against  the Umt"d
Stitcs aiose out of oui   neglect oi refusal, is she
alleged, to fulfill the "tip il Uior- of trei íes    Tin y
vvei'e, first   the )lth aitirie of the treaty of vlli
an"e of 6th rcbruaiy   1778     Th s aiticle stipu
lated the guaiantee shovTd be on the part of " the i
'United States to his Most Chnstian Majesty, I
' the piestnt possessions of the crown of 11 nice
' in America, as well as those w Inch it may ac
' quire by the future treaty of France   '
And, secondly, the 17th and 22d aiticlesof the
tieity of commcice of the same date By the
fust ot these articles, the privateeis and piizes of
Fiance might enter our ports and aepaitatpleas
rue, and the pnvateei" and vessels of the enemies
of France wire excluded fiom oui ports And
the lattei article piohibited the pnvateeis of the
enemies ot Fiance fiom being fitted out in out
poits, and sale of then prizes being made m
them, or even piovision furnished moie than was
necessaiy foi then going to the nt xt port
The impoitance of the stipulations to France
will be ieadil> acknowledged, when wc remember
that she was at wai with England that she had
isHnds in the West Indies to be pies"ived that,
by having a place of íefuge in ou ports for her
aimed vessels, she could g-eatly haiass and m
juic the veiv extensive commeice
of England in
the West Indies, take her vessels, and íetieat m
safety with them to om ports
Our Government, it is well known, determined
to maintain a stuct neutrality between the con
tending pai ties, and refused to France the advaut
ages which these ti aties ga\e hei, and tl is
cotuse was the occasion of gicat complaint and
of ivtry sh up cor*espond< nee between the Min-
ister of Fiance and of this Government.
Ii the couise of the negotiation to settle the
difficulties between the two nations, oui Minis
teis not being authorized oi willing to agre" to
" the íecipiocal engagement of compensation foi
damages lesultmg on both sides" fiom the bieaeh
of the tieaties *as pioposed by France, off id
finally, in then lettci of the 20th of August, 1800,
that the ancient treaties should be rem wed and
confiimcd, with ceitain modifications These
vvtie, that the articles lopeeting pnvateers aid
pnzes should beso modified as, upon payment
of 3,000,000 fi ancs withm sev en years, no gi eater
uo-lits than those of the most favored nations
should exist and that the mutual guaiantee
should, for the future, be considered as fulfilled,
by affoidmg aid to the amount of 1,000/100 of
francs, when eithci party was attacked, and that
either party might " exonerate itself wholly fiom
' its obligation by paying to the othei, within
' seven yeais, a gioss sum of 5,000,000 of francs
'm money, oi such si cuntits as may be issued
' foi indemnifies," vnd th U " there shall be a íe
'cipiocal stipulation foi indemnities and these
'indemnities shall be limited to the claims of indi
'viduals " It will b" noticed hei that the United
States M msters do not offei to Fiance any com
pensa'ion for the injury to Fiance as a nation, for
the claims respecting the guaiantee and the pnv
lieges foi pnvateers and prizes for the past
The Bicnch Mimsteis, on the 25th of August,
say that then pioposal to confim the ancient
tieaties, and foi mutu il compensation " did uv\ ly
all idea of a modification, ' vnd th it, as the Amei
lean Mmist rs had pi oposed an e«senti d modifi
cation of the seventeenth article, ' it is therefore
' evidenttha this noteief is to the second put of
'the alteinitivi, which consisted of a new treaty,
' without indemnity "
" lbc riench Vhmsteis therefore insist upon
' the condition, that all stipulation foi indemnities
' be laid aside   '
They make the following pioposmons to our
Minister
" 1st The ancient ticaties shall becontmud
'and confiimcd to have then full foict, vs if no
' misundeisanding between the two nations had
' evei oceuired
"2d Commissioners shall be appointed to
'hqiidatc the lcspccme losses
" 3d The seventeenth aitick of the tieaty of
' commeicc of 1778 shall be continued in full foicc
' with a s ngle addition, immediately afki these
' vvoids, to wit ' And on theco itrary, no shekel
' sha'I be g veil in th ir ports oi hubois to such as
' sh ill h v madi pi zc of the "ubjects of his Ma
' ¡ sty, or of the citizens of the United Stito,'
' theie shall be added, ' if it 1 e not m vir uo of
1 k low n ti eaties on the day of tht signature of the
'pi esc it,andsiibsequ< nttodie tieaty of 1778, and
' that foi the space of seven vcais I he twenty
' second aiticl subject t) the same aseivation as
' the s venteenth ai icle
"4th If, duung the term of seven veais,the
' pioposal to establish the seventeenth and twnty
• second articl s I e not made and accepted inthout
' resettle, the ivvard foi indemnities determined by
' the commissionns shall not be allowed
"5th   1 ho guarantee stipulated by the treaty
' of alliance shall bo converted m o a giant of
' succor for two millions     But this giant shall
' not be íedeemable unless by a capital of ten mil
' lions   '
These pvoposals not being satisfaetoiy to the
Ameiican Ministers, the Fiench Mimsteis made
o i the 4th of feeptembci, 1800, proposals anew
"We shall have the nDht to take oui  prizes
< into the poi ts of America
"A commission shall resalíate the indemnities
' vvl ich eithei of the two nations may owe to tin
' eiti-eiis of the othei The indemnities which
' shall be due by Fiance shall be paid by the llmted
' States     And, ill return for which, France yields
< tht exclusive pnuiege resulting from the seven
' ttcnth and twenty second articles of the treaty
' of commeice, and f-om the rights of guai intte
'of the eleventh article of the tieaty of alliance "
The Ameucan Mimsteis answer on the 6th of
September, uid say these proposal are inadmis
sible     " The neaitst approach to them ' is
"1st Ihe foimei tieaties shall be renewed
' and confirmed
"2d The obligations of the guaiantee shall
' be specified and limited as in the fii st paiagraph
' of then third pioposition of the 20th of August
«3d   Theie shall be mutual indemnity and a
<  mutual restoration of captmed piopeity not yet
'definitely condemned, accoidmg to then fifth
' and sixth propositions of th-t date
"4th If, at the exchange of i atificatioiis, the
' united States piopose a mutual rehnquishmert of
'indemnity, the Fiench Republic mil ague to fie
'same and in such case the formti tieaties shall
' not he deemed obligatory, except under the sev
'entcenth and twenty second articles of that of
'commeice, the paities shall lontinue forevei to
' have for their public ships of wai, privateers,
' and prizes, such privileges in the ports of each
' other as the most favored nation shall enjoy
The American Mimsteis lequesteda confei
ence to consider these propositions, and in their
journal, under 12th September, they say, " The
' first and third were agiesd to, with some modifi-
' cation of the third as to the íules of evidence,
'which did not lary its principle " The second
and fourth were consideied together, as m some
measuie connected, and, after considerable dis-
cussion, the Tiench Ministers said, "Unless an
' option perfectly similar and recipiocal was as-
sured to the Fiench Republic, the opeiation of
' which would enable h°r to get rid of the indemmtic,
' by an offer of abandoning the exclusive pnvdeges,"
they could not agice to it
Here it will be noticed that it was tig"eed that,
upon the foimer tieaties being confiimed,indem-
nities should be paid, but Fiance would not yield
hei exclusne lights tinder the treaties, but by pay-
ment being made to fltn citizens by their own Gov-
ei mnent, 011 y a i ehnquiihment if indemnities %UT
Mimsteis were not authonzed to íelinquishlthe
indemnities, or to provide for their payment by
the United States and henee they say on the
13thSeptembei in their jouinal,that "being now
'convinced that" the dooi was peifectly closed
' against all hope of obtaining indemnities uith
' am/ modifications o} the tieaties, it lcmamed only
' tobe determined to attempt a temporal y an ange-
' ment,.which would extucate the United States
' fi om the war, oi that peculiai st ite of hostility
' m which they aie at piesent involved "
This is not an allegation that indemnity could
not be obtained at all, but only that it could not
be obtained without a pei foi manee on out pait of
the obligations i lto which we had enteied by our
tieaties with France
Here, then, let us contemplate the condition of
the negotiation and state of facts admitted by
both parties     Wi have seen th it the proposals
of the Ameucan Ministers, that the former treat-
ies be confnmed and that theie should be mutual
indemnities, weu agreed to   Butthc Fiench Mm
istris would not assent to the Americans only
havng the light to lehnquish the indemnities as
a consideration for their discharge from the 17th
and 22d articles of the treaty of commerce     Let
it be lemembeied that the claims of France can
not be regarded as destioycd by the act of July
7, 179b, annulling the treaties, even if we admit
that one paity to a tieaty can annul it by a legis-
lative act     Both partn s to the tieaties admitted
then validity until that act of 1798 was passed
For five yeais before the treaties were declaied
by the U uted States to be annulled, France had
not had  the benefit of the peculiar privileges
s cured to her    Not that the Administration of
that day is bl imed, it might be wise to refuse to
giant these privileges, and rely upon making a
pioper recompense, or upon finding an excuse
toi íefusing it in  the wiongs done to us    Our
Goven ment is a paiental Government     It was
flamed and exists for the piomotion of the hap
pinessof the people—for the pi otection and secu-
nty of the lights and propeitv of the citizens
It was bound by eveiy duty to obtain indemnity
for these citizens, if it could do so consistently
with its duties to othei citizens     It could have
obtained con pentatlón for them without impos
mo- any heavier buideh upon other citizens than
apeiformance of the duties enjoined by existing
treaties     Oi it might have obtained indemnity
for these classes by causing their losses to be
made good by all  the citizens, that is, by the
nation, as a consideration of a dischaige fiom
the tieaty  stipulations     Was it not just, that
the consideration foi tht discharge of the treaty
stipulations should be boine by the whole, and
not by a poition—and an unfortunate poition—■
of its citizens >   This Government cannot plead
that it will notobtam an indemnity for its citizens
of Ti anee, because Fiance had claims against the
1 United Statis of a national character to a like
amount    It should keep the claims of thecitizens
against Fiance separate fiom the claims of a na
tional  character against itself    If France had
I clums against the United States, those should
have been satisfied by the whole people of the
United States, and to make use of such claims
egainst itself as an excuse for not obt.ainmg com-
pensation for losses incurred by a portion ot its
citizens, is to impose upon that small portion the
burden which should be boine by the whole It
is, in effect, to take pnvate property for public
u«es without just compensation
And if this has been done, the claimants are
entitled to a fair compensation
m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
The indemnities were not abandoned by the
negotiatois, but they postponed the fuithei dis-
cussion of the claims, on each side, to a future
day, and on the 30th of Septembcrconcludedand
signed a treaty, the second article of which is as
follows
" Aet 2 The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the
' two pames, not being able to agree at present
' lesperting the treaty of alliance of the 6th pi
' February, 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
' meree of the same date, and the convention of
' the 14th of November, 1788, noi upon the
' indemnities mutually due, oi claimed, the par-
' ties will negotiate further on these subjects
' at a convenient time, and until they may have
' agreed upon these points, the said treaties and
' convention shall have no operation, and the rela
' twins ot the two countnes shall be regulated as
'-¿plows "
On the 3d of February, 1801, the treaty was
ratified by the Senate, "piovided the second
amele be expunged," and by adding an article
limiting the opeiation of the treaty to a term of
eight years
On the 31st of July, 1801, it was also ratified
on the part of Fiance—agieemgto the limitation,
and to "the retienchmcnt of the second, aiticle,
'piovided that by this íetienchment the two
' Statesicnounccthe respecta o pretensions which
'are the object of the sxid article "
On the 19th of December following, the treaty
was again submitted to the Senate, which " re
' solved, that they considered the said convention
' as fully íatified "
This is the history of the final discharge of
France from all obligation to compensate our citi-
zens for losses It was effected by the act of this
Government in expunging the second article of
the convention, and regaiding it as fully ratified,
with the express piovision annexed by Fiance,
that it wa? a lenunciation, by each nation, of
its claims Thus, also, the United States were
forever dischaiged from the oneious burdens of
the ancient treaties, and fiom all claim ot indem-
nity foi íefusmg to Fiance the piívileges which
they sccuied to her
And at the same time, and by the same act and
instrument, these claimants were foie\cr deprived
of obtaining that indemnity ñora Fiance which,
if these claims had been kept separate and m ver
had been connected with any subject of national
guevancc, they most ceitamly would have ob-
tained The histoiy of negotiation cannot show
u more direct suilender of an admitted claim,
as a consideration of the release of an obligation
France always ofit led to set offonc class of claims
against the othu , the Envoys of the United States
refused it, the Senate and. tne 1 íench Govern
mi nt agiced to it, and accomplished it
Noi was the light to compensation destioyed
by a-state of wai Neither nation íegirded the
right to claim, nor the obligation to compensate,
as destroyed on account of the existing war The
United States claimed an indemnity as an exist-
ing right, and France admitted the claim to be
good
Itis true, that the United States authorized the
captuie of tin vessels of France on the high seas,
but they declaied it to be only m deft nse of the
persons and piopeity of th( ir citizens Wai was
not declared by either nation And m the con-
vention of 30th September, 1800, the claims on
both sides weie by the second article icgaidtd as
subsisting and valid This would not have been
done if wai had dtstioyid the light to have a
future negotiation and compensation Fiance m
her negotiations declared, as ouremoys say, that
her object was toatoid making compensation for
these claims, because she would find herself too
much exhausted by the war to sttisfy them, and
yet, anxious as she was,, bhe nevi r insisted upon
a dischaige, because a state of war had existed
On the 16th August, 1798, the Executive Dnec
toiy declare their wish " to piusue the friendly
habits of Fiance towards a people whose liberty
it defended " And at the same period the Min-
ister of Marine says, " Our political situation,
' with regard to the United States citizen, not
' having as yet undergone any change which can
'affect the respect due to neutral nations," " no
' injUry should be done to the safety and liberty
' of the officers and crews of any A menean ves-
'sels "
The French Ministers, in their letter of the 6th
of May, 1800, speak of the " misunderstanding"
and "transient misunderstanding "
And m their letter of the 11th of August follow-
ing, the French Ministers say. " that the treaties
' which united Trance and the United States aie
' not broken, that even wai could not break them,
' but that the stateof misunderstanding which has
' existed for some time," " has notbeenastate of
' war, at least on the side of France " Bysaymg
the treaties are not broken, the French Mimsteis
could not be regarued as intending to say, that
they had not been in many instances violated, as
they had both demanded and yielded to a com-
pensation as pioper foi such violations
The Minister of E\terioi Relations, Talleyi and,
in a letter of August 28, 1798, says " Therefoie,
'it never thought of making war against them,
' nor exciting cml commotions among them, and
1 every contrary supposition is an insult to common
' SPÍISP "
On the pai t of the United States it is well known
that she always pi ofessed and determined to mam
tain aneutial position
In the instructions to our envoys, 22d October,
1799, it is said "This conduct of the Fienoh
' Republic would have well j ustified an immediate
' declaration of war on the pait of the United
'States, but desnous of maintaining peace, and
' still willing to leave openthe dooi of íeconcilia-
' tion with France, the United States contented
' them selves with piepaiation foi defense and
' measures calculated to protect their commerce "
The American Ministers, in a letter dated 20th
August, 1800, speaking ot the act of Congress
annulling the tieatie , say, if it" had amounted
• to a cause of war, yet, as the wisdom of France
' reconciled it to peace, us application on the pun-
' ciple of war to the extinguishment of claims
'would be inexplicable "
Many other documents might be adduced to
prove the positions which have been taken, but
I foi bear, my object being only to exhibit suffi-
cient to show the relations of the two nations,
and the mannei in which these claims were dis-
charged
Does it become the United States now to allege
that these claims should not be paid by hei, for
other and different leasons than those which
Fiance used to avoid compensation'
France never seriously maintained that the
claims were extinguished by war, and how can
the United States now mtioduce such a defense?
As to the amount of compensation, theie may
not be any veiy certain and definite proof of it
It appears, flora a letter of tht Secietary of State
to a forme r chanman of a stlect committee, under
date of 22d Januaiy, 1827, that there were four
hundred and forty four cases then reported to that
Department I am infoimed that theie weie one
bundled and seventy-five cases filed before the
commissioners under the Florida treaty, other
and diffeient fiom those comprisingthefourhun-
died and forty-foui bifore named, making six
hundied and nineteen cases, which are known
There are piobably others Five millions, divided
among the six hundred and nineteen cases, would
give but little ovei $8,000 to each case as an
avei age
It is piobable the average value would be much
greater than that sum
There is an estimation of losses accompanying
eighty-eight out of the four hundied and fortv
four < ases, the aggiegate of which is stated to be
$2,235,702 59
If all the cases were to exhibit losses as gieat
as these, the amount of the losses would be more
than §11,000,000 But it is not supposed that
all the cases were so valuable
The ami unt offeied by the United States to
France, to be released from the stipulations of the
tieaties, as we have seen, was eight millions
francs. France offeied toieceive ten millions for
the extinction ot the guarantee, but would offer
no sum for the lelmquishment of her exclusive
privileges under the treaty of commerce
It may be inferred from this, that both nations
considered that the claims would amount to more
than these sums—as France was anxious to set
off the claims against the stipulations of the ti eaty,
and the United States declined it, until it was done
as before &tattd
It may be proper to remark, that these six
hundred and nineteen cases are of an entirely
different chaiacter, or are alleged to be so, from
those for which recompense was obtained under
the Louisiana treaty, oi undei the Florida tieaty,
and if they do not so prove to be, no compensa-
tion can b° made by the bill, as it does not provide
foi such as were piovided forundei those treaties
Oui debtis paid Compensation has been secured
by tieaty foi all, or neaily all, the mjuaes which
our citizens have suffered from other nations
Can the high chaiacter of this nation for doing
justice to all, at home and abroad, be maintained
without making compensation foi these injuries,
which have been the consideration of procuring
foi her a discharge from very onei ous obligations'
If the bill may pass, the only great claim i emam-
mg will be satisfied, and the duties of the Govern
ment to do justice to all will have been fulfilled
If these claims aie just, all feai for evil conse-
quences to arise from their allowance may be
dismissed Things are rightly so oidered here,
that to do justice to all others is to serve ourselves
best
When Mr S concluded,
Mr HILL took the flooi,and moved an ad-
journment, but afterwards withdrew the motion
The Sen ite then proceeded, on the motion of
Mr POINDEXTER, to the consideration of
executive business
"When the doors were opened, the Senate ad-
journed        _______
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, December 22, 1834
After the presentation of petitions and memo-
rials,
Mr  BYNUM moved the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be_m-
stiucted to lay before this House a repoit of the
progress of diffeient woiks of internal improve-
ment now carried on by the General Government
m the State of North Carolina, and'the amount
of appropnations expended m the prosecution of
the same
On motion of Mr DUNLAP, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route fiom
Bolivar, Tennessee, by Nubbin Ridge, Simpson's
Budge, on Hatchei nver, Cyprus, Ciambeiland,
Wolfe's Ferry, on Tennessee nver, to William
Lilly's, in Harden county, in said State
On motion of Mr CLAY, it was
Resohei, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Campbelltown, Georgia, by way of Jacksonville,
in Benton county, to Ashville, in St Clair coun-
ty, Alabama     And also a post route fiom Belle-
fonte, in Jackson county, by way of Rollins and
Nicholson's, in Will's Valley, and  Childiess's
Ferry, on Coosa river, to Jacksonville, in Ben-
ton county, Alabama
On motion of Mi   EWING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropnation to provide dura-
ble materials to construct a bridge on the national
road  oier the river Wabash, at Tene Haute,
upon an approved plan, not impeding or obstruct-
ing the navigation theieof
On motion of Mr POPE, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce
be mstiucted to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropnation in aid of the suppoit of
the manne hospital at the c¿ty of Louisville, in
the State of Kentucky
On motion of Mr  EWING, of Indiana, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the justice and
expediency of making provisions for the widows
and oiphans of such officers and soldiers in the
service of the United States, as died on the fron-
tiei in the late Indian war with Black Hawk.
On motion of Mr MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
repealing so much of the law in relation to the
sale of the public lands which prohibits the actual
settler from purchasing more than two tracts of
forty acres each
On motion ot Mr. LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Commerce
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
be mstiuoted to ínquii" into the expediency of
electing a light hnusi on oi ncit Point Wagoo-
shancc, on the stiait of Miclulimackinac, in
Mi"higan lemtoiy
ADVTMSTERING OATIIb
The bill to authorize the íe'isteisaiid receivers
of the mihlie hud o'Ves 11 iq ni listt i laths con
nected with the entry i id s> i!  of the puohc lands,
was taken up, and itad, as fo'lows
" Be it enacted bi¡ th' S-na e a id Jfoire cfRcpie
sen'etiics of tie UniUd ¡slate tj .1 newa m Con
gtcss t*semhl J, i lit it shall benwrul to «m/ieg
i lei o ecu <.i oj an / land off ce of II e Viuted States
to alii nte ami outh fiat ii be iccessa ij, or ie
q*i ed b i luj m tit enh \ o? pu c'iase of public
lauds, and to i ec uc tlieirf ¡ t 'i com teviattoi a
noi i oi ¡naif hei e iltci (V i llr i l fot V c adm n
i tuition of oath o tal ni% a,r lai it ¡bjl'iela s of
the Mj'" oi 7 ííiío if i i i Inch c i °ei\i e may be ¡
pet foi i 'd and such affd vit s i I hi hied in tin
picpei I u d offi i, i-> n >\\ i  q ured by 1 iw
' &i 2 And he i' tmlnci enacted 1 h it a ly
person ho s all wiilfu'k md com ptlv lakea n
falsi o ith bi'n my ir jftsti.1 oí i ui ci of i ly
luid o Pi of tin Unit d Stat s, ii my of tne
ciseseoit mpl ited in the fon goingsec lo 1 ■shall
be held and dee n d ¿i tlty ot perjury, md, on
co ivi tion tl re if, be punish d is in othu cises
of willfu   andcuiuo   pcijuty "
"VI LVMim Tiat)"ii nd th" 1 nl by <¡ti \
l ig out tilt woids ii iti'ics, and instiling the
follrwiigu  lieu th leof
\> d it is In r by made tin duti oftieiegis
' icis and lecuu is o^thc I mil office of tin bun
' t d S ati s to id a n ^tci ill sue h oaths, -^n t 11
' fill up ill si eh ifiid nits (as s i ill b fuin ihcd
* to such legist t and i e / fioni the pr iptr
' Dc pai tn it in the inn ot pi in d blinks) as
' shah ci ii ty be ni ct ssa y oí i cpuiid bv law
'in the tu i y oi puichise of the public 1 inds,
' without compensation "
Mr McC ARTY sud he was opposed to the
ami ndment >ff< ud bj 1 iseoilr iguo, [Mi Lim ]
lie eons d led it wou'd be un ust and ill beial on
the pa t of th< &ovi rnme nt to leq ne its p iblic
office is to peifom these addit onal duties without
compensition He said he wis in fuoi of the
pass igc of the bill, foi it contained provisions th it
wo lid ielie\e the punhasers of lhe pu >h" lands
m many d stnets fiom much tiouble Inste id of
being undei the necessity of h anting íp a ¡ndicial
officer to diavv up the nee 5i> , affidiuts mil
admimstei tne oaths lequiied bv the existing
laws, as is now the ens , this bill contemplates
the pei'nima ice of this di t\ whcie it shoul 1 be,
at'he registei s office where the entu is mad
1 e was til lefo c foi the 1 11 He thuHit nought
to be amended bit thittho aun mini n* unci i i
considei i on was objc'ionab e Vh McC sud
lie consideied it i lipropci to lerpi i enh i the
payment of tl s adjitio ial i\|ii in ln the pui
chas isof public lands, o hep i ouinnce of the
d Ules Without compensa ion It was the net ot
tin Go/c nruont that maje it ícquisite that these
affida\i s -hould b tak i they si ould thoicfue
jaytle xiens He hoped tieamindm nt undei
ems delation vionl 1 not be adopted and concluded
by askin r t k íeadin^o*"an amendment which lie
s< nt to tin Chair, pionding foi the payment of
th se addition il services bv the Goveinmen ,
which if in oi dei, lie w mid oilei wlienth am nd
mult then 'xforc th   House was dispostd of
Ml   LA^sL was opposi d to the intendment cf
his toll ague      It would ^ricatlj mci ease the sal   I
arles ot  these othtt s, who ahead) received  al   |
nost the Lest pi) undei the Goveinin nt    They
were offices wl i In uc eigerly "ougl t nfti i, md !
Unaciouslv held on to undei the m  sentco npui
¡satioii       (Those officeis ¡lie  now paid a sala y of
«,500  and   ir   p i  c nt  on  tie  amount of im
clusi  money rocu/ed bv thun foi public lands
They aie   tlso fuinislied  station 15      Many of
them 1 cene fiom fcl, )00 to *,3,000 pel dimum
md if the amendment of his eol'oague pievailed,
some of them would lecene at least «,000 pei
annum, and the whole of them  would oltiin by
it a greatly mcicascd coi ip ligation    Bv his own
anieiidine it, lie piopos d  tint n ith r  the pui
chaso 1101 tlu Gov 111m nt should  '115  the fies
foi administeuig the nece-,saiy oi'hs    but that
the duty should  be pei formed  without fee by
tho e who aheady receive the most ample saku y
Mi McC\RTY rep'iedjthit the leason urged
by his colleague 111 suppoit of his amendmert,
was, in lis cstimition, a stiong nason why it
should not pass It is mged (said Mi McC )
t'iatjf the officeis who aie leqiured to pei foi m
these extia di ti( s should be paid bv the Gnciii
lncntfoi the labor perfumed it would 1 iciea"e
tiieu saluysome one 01 two housand do'Hispu
0  mum, "nd that this would be too gieat a de-
d rtion fiom the pioceeds of t'ie land sahs for
the Govern nent to tolcriti If his be true, (which
is dciiKd ) whit kind of pi luple do you estao
lish > Wli) , by the doctrine of the gentleman,
you impose a duty unon 10111 public agents,
woitii.in pistui andgiod f ulh, $1,000 01 $',000
pei annum t> p ifoi m butbcius he 1 well paid
fo pufoimng othei duti s ulnch you ha\( ie
qmed at his hands by ¡ icvious laws, you will
piy him iiothine houei it mil 'k ncecssuy,in
oidd to "ifo m thi" du \ to piy may foi eleik
h re h If 1 is sal u y This Mi Si akei, has
n it been the piitciplo upon which this &o\ 111
ment h is en 1 acted but 1 d ft 1 (said Mi McC )
vei) mu<-h  iom the & ateme it of t ie gentl ma 1
in leitruice to the c\tei t of Jus inciiase of
saiai j by tne piyi lei t of t'nse xti i duti s I
111 e h-cl son thing to do mi li tins kind of sei
\ic nn self md I Mill \cntu c to «av, that the
omp nsatio 1 fo tiesee\tra !uties,bythi allow
an e of t íc oid 1111 y fees will not increase tie
emolu ie t of th offieus of 1 sin«"!e land eftce
in tn United Stahs to exceed ',200 01 <O00 pei
annu n but notwit'isnndiiig this fact, theie ueic
timi u immediately pu ceding a public salt, when
pu^np ion lights had to bi pi lfectcd, when it
would lequi e 11101 e thin one 01 two cl iks to
em lie the n g stet to keep pací with the (in lands
1  pon his offic , aid this must Ii dole with tin
guates' pos lble dispat h,cost the oíh ei \ ' at it
lmv 1 an not (sa d Mi MQ)n '1101 of 111
cieasi i¿ s 1K1 ics, but th ie\crs butwtienvou
de oa d the 1111 aid sui ce of 1 citizen v 011
sno id pa1, hnn a 11 isonabh eompe isuion foi
the s r\iccsyoi hus d nand id 1 nm Mi
McC  M is iwa     t ta* 1 is rodrigue wis ''oiueis
cut with the tiansac lens in •> naiticular laid
office his utention had upon a time bun paitic
ulany dmcted bitiva\ but tin gentli man knows
full well tna   the burdt 11s of lisa w ndi n nt i\ 1I1
lot fall upon the officers of that offi e ^ i, su
those dtitu & will not have to be pcifoimed theie
the bmden will fall i'siwhc e foi I doulitiery
rnucl (sud Mi McC ) whethei it has cvet 111 the
period of tw lvc mo iths ot v hethei Um ill, in tho
sime peitod to come, 1 c ncc ssety unconnected
vithany otl  1 subju t than the sales of the pnU
lands, to tak fifty ail davi s at th( offii e to which
the g 11 lemi 1 ' as rifened   therefore   these offi
i us wi 1 hive bu asm 1! poition of those extia
du ics to peifoim, and theiefore entitled to 1 o
e Mia paj lliev, t is tiuc, ' f iah silaucs,
and tiey ought to I ( biougl t down, 10 «ell as
ma ty ot lei , to 1 standeid with those who have
to d voe their whole unit and attumon, and
leceive much less
1 am not s ue (sud Mr AIcC ) that my i-nand
mint an be eftci auied Ivy the House as t pio
vides foi th payment of moiiej , until t is "on
sid led in cot  mittee
The SPE VKTR íeplied that it could not
Mi VIcCAR/lY Then I move to commit tin
bid to the Commute of tl e W ol Hon e, 111
ordei tint it may bi  pu pcil) amei did
Mi CL \.Y hoped that the motion to co nmt
«eiul lot prev ul The mam object of tl e 1 i'l
w is to affnd facility to the puiel aseis of tie
pi bhc hnds 111 makino- then enti es md pui
chases Neitliu of th amcndim its was impiit
ant to those most inte 1 steel and they w ot Id p e
fii paying tin feeoftw uty fivecentstoth d *cat
of the hi! 11 oukr to insure th [ i^sige of the
act, he 1 id assented to the amendme it of one of
the genth men fiom Indi mi [Mi Li\l ] He
novel coi Id suppoit the aniuidni nt o'" the oth 1
mtmbirlrom the same State, [Mi McCuityI
A commitment, unless to a day special, would be
tantamount to a defeat of the measuu, and he
hoped it would not be done
Mi \iLf \P,.TY piop sed to commit the bi'l,
nd link    it tin  ouhi ioi to moiiow
Mi L~i 0"N,of Miclugm, v\ isopprsedto both
ameiiliii tits A.s a mittii ot conyinume bv
the original bill the pui chaser may eithei make
oath befoie the legistcrs did receivers, 01 befoie
I a justice of the peace.   This was all they would
lequire or expect
¡     Mr  ASHLEY thought it a tnfinigm itter as it
lcsiiacd the fee foi admmisteiing the oaths   He
i had  no objection to the amendment opeied by
! one of the gent emeu fiom Indiana, [Mi   Lane ]
¡, In o der, hovvevei, to pievent the delay or defeat
of the  bill,  bv the  discussion   of unimportant
piopositions, he would move the pievious ques-
tion
Mi   A  subsequently withdiew lus motion for
the pievious question, when the motion to commit
w s nccativ 1 d
I     Mi ADAMSjOf Massachusetts, said he hoped
I the fust, amendme it would he adopted, md that
the am ndmc it Ust off led would  be  rejected
1 Thes" officeis, the legisteis and iece ivers of the
pul lie lauds, o ve tl (11 whole time to the public
which employs and pays  them    If they weie
[ audi ii ¿cdto adn imstci t'nse oaths  it would be
I the public, timi, not then own, which vv juld be
c  votid   to  that seiviee      The last amend IK lit
I off ud wouldopeiate isar duction of thepuceof
the pulli   laido    Mi   A  said tin ie v eie already
pi   positions enough bifoie  tlicHuu^e foi ud ie
1 1^ the pi ice of the pu h^ domain, and foi giving
av ay the public lands     We hcai them d uly—
pio lositions   he mignt moid pioperly cill them,
fot lobh 113 the public of its lands     Mi   A   said
itsliould notbe foigotten that these lands In longed
1 to tilt   whole Union   and yet we hear the mon-
stious dottiine almost duly advuicod  that the
^ linds should belong to the States in which they
no located1    Itwis time  foi those Statts who
ie cene no ¡ ait oí tho bene fit d -i\ed nom plun-
deiing the  public do nam   to loi k to tin 11 lights
I Hi ci'led up in m mbeis to hold on to, indguud
saci  dlj , the publicpuisc stu lgs      riedutesof
th    1  gistcrs   inel  Kcuvcis  would not  mtciitie
I with the  idministidtion of these oaths
I     Mi   CI \ Y said that  the r( marl s of the gen
tie nan fiom Missach lsetts [Mi  Advms] would
In/"  bee 1  more  strict y in oidei, if in id( upon
in occasion in piospect, when the whole subject
of th   public la ids would rome up foi discussion
I he ge ntlemaii seem d to be excited, and spoke
of the duly   utemp s on  the pirt of the new
S atis to 10b  tne Government of its  tcrutoiy
I Wis this tiuc      The  Applications made  to this
' House guiei i'lv looked   o a icd iction of puce
I of nfcnoi  lands, according to their dnmmsl cd
' valui      The  piopnety of compljmg wi h tnese
liquests lould beamattei ofinqunyattliepioper
time     Bat the geinleniai  complains that the old
States kccivo no benefit fiom the disposition of
tin public domain    Wnat (said Mi  C ) becomes
of the millions which aie paid  into the public
Tiea uiy by the pinchaseis of the public lands
in the newStitis5   Was not mnch the gre iter pio
poition of money thus paid   1 ito the  lieisuiy
expended  fn   the   bene lit of the old States      ln
lelation   to  the piesent bill, its  passAgc was ot
moie impoitaiic   to tl e puuhdoi is thananycon-
sidi latio 1 connect d with the subject of t c for
admiiusaii ig the oaths lefured to      Ihepnn-
cipal object was to ltheve the puiehasei  fiom
the trouble of hunt ng up   1 judicial offittr foi
th it pui use and he ti usted the question would
be taken it onee, and the bill be sufi led to pass
Ml   BOC^ sue! theameidmentof 1 is colleague
[Mr   Livi]   would   opoiati   unequally     Bv it,
those recorven and r     stcis who w ill h iv   much
th   higest sálanos will have th   leist to peifoim
He was anxnustlnt the oíhceisicferr d to should
be |iu' upon something like a footing ot ccpiahty
Mi   LA^fE sud Ins colleague [Mi  Boon] avas
mistaken 111 supposing that the gie nest amount
of duty undu this bill would till to the lot of
j those who received the smal est salancs     H   re-
, ¡u ed to fit business of si \e  il of the lai d officer
I to show that ill this pnticuhr lie was ( oirect
j      It was piopei that some person acquainud vvifh
I tjhe snbj    t should administer these oaths, md
I 1 ence the K c ivers and legisteis had been name d,
butw hat v/as most important, they weie lequned
to peifnm this duty without fee 01 1 ward     He
agreed with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi   A.D4MS,] that these officeis owid their time
to the countiy   and tu y-w  re well paid foi it
Mi   MARUIS said the debate which naspio-
giessing he   considu  d  wide   of  the   qu stion
The bill nioposts to suhst tute tl e region 1    and
leceiveis of the public land offices  foi judicial
officen , befoie Avhom ceitam oaths 01 affidavits
58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
eh ill be made it was also pioposcd to amend
this piopos tion, md itquiii this duty to bi pel
foi med without elm gi to tb( pel son making o uh,
and upo i this qui sfon of m ic to ivc nn nee 01
facility ío i'k puiihasoi of tin public 1 i ds, we
aie^ engaged in ci discussion of the whole luid
subject 11ns w is cirta niy not the urn' 01 the
occisión tointti i ito id tu upon ihcfiituii
dis|iosition o( the national dom un and he the i< -
fon hop d tint the bill now before the House
would be pumittid to jnogiess
Mi Lv i '< ime nd runt was then agiecd to,
nod the bill oidend to b( engiosscd
POST OTFICE   l^V I C?T1G\TI\G   COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mi   GONInOR, the sikctcom
mittci  ippo ntid  < t tin   1 nt si sson  to ox-mine
,illd   11 po  t till    Sllllltion ot  the   Post Office   Ue
jiiitmeiit h id li ave to sit duini&  the ■session of
the House
REPORT t ROM coMMirrrn
Mi CH\M¡3ril>, fiom the Comnuttn on
Pi i wit i Liml Gl urns, ii pom d a bill foi the iiUf
of TI Bught whieh was ii id twice and com-
mitted
P\\   OT TUT AR IY .AND N \\ Y
Un  Hoiim thin ii solvid i si Ifmto the Com tut
tee oi  iht- Wlio'i on tin  stiteoflhc I n.on (Mi
Uriic    in   he chin) on lb    bill lo i qu ib/    i id
ii _   1 in  tin piyot tin ifli fiMil tin    liny  nid
]Nj i y <>' th< Lmte d st itis,  ind ihi   imi ndm  nts
tin iciinlo pioposi d by Mi    W \t iougi , ts c h in
in in of tlu slit ununiitti e   aid by Mi   AVisi ,
¡i ii  mbi i of tli   Gommitti i on N i\a' Ail ms
Mi PEUlGLsudhihidhutf w woidstoxdd
to tin uniuhswhi bin ¡iddips&id to tin coin-
mittu on 1 ml iy list Hi would belriif and
In hoped tli i \ imp'c wotdd be followid He
jnof sscel no spmt < f piopln ey, but In di i mi d
ltnitnznd to picdic h it, if tin bill wis not
pissed lliiough tin committee to d<v, 01 at All
thetmost fomoiiow its fate would be gie < h
(villi d bv tin <li I n Mi P tin n pioiei d d to
fiw i'i< li nsoeis which indu" d lum to jm le i ihi
ann lid in nt o1f ii d bj the "-cntlcman (torn Vn-
fmil [Mi Wim ] to that of tin si bet coramit-
ti c Win n hi I ist idf'ii ssed tin eominitti i , it
appi md that In nuscoiici i\< d tin nituii of tin
diitnsof i gunnel on bond of ship lit up-
pos ti bis si ilion to b( it th i;iui, but In w is
in w infoimul lb it this ofliu i h id t h n re of the
mivi7iin, mil wis p! tei d hi low todetlouttli
nmniuiiilio  in tune of iction Mi P slid, how
it i, hi Ii ul not'ii if) to I ii i I i 1 m wli it lu 1 ad
siid II  inipoit ii  i of th ei'In i in Ins mind,
M is ni iio ii spiit (I pi cntcd hut i ubi i in
han i d V man who hlli d th it' (i y n "popsible
st ition should bi oni ol ihuutii md lispiil
ability, i id his iij should hi commensal Hi \i i h
hissiivicis Mi P in xt spoKi ot tin impnit
anei of tin o (Tu 11 d nonmi Hi d tli si hoolnnstu ,
or, by the am mil lent of th si li ct commute i ,
cilliil the piofisvo of muhemains He icui-
tenihd th ii these should be is eonipi tint as any
of the piofissois of out unucisiti s, md have
a conesponding ( ompoiisition Th u nnu ins
apioj t afloat, foi ti  e stibbshment of i mi ii
school in our coimtiy but foi hr own put
be bid no hop of hiiir so Ion"  as to see
th t oi)|ect h ih/ed Whin hi nil cted on tin
stionr tiding—I  rni"lit stv pupuliK—o\ist-
in? <ig mist oui iMiIitity School at Wi st Point,
b tUspani ilof evi i si i inj-one i ^t ibhshcd foi the
IS ivy \noth i ditnculty w is, tint, even if the
pi ji uu«i populiu on , a del gxk in th coi n
cils of tie nailon fiom Muviand wou'd piobably
de em Ann nobs a piopei looitiou loi tin « ool
—oi  fiom Pennsyh una would thinl Phihdd
pluntsniosti bj;ibli site—will hchimsdfi ould
doubtless (ontend that thi place of his own usi-
di nei w >s pie (liable to all otheis Undei these
c rcumstamisthe oft e of schoolmastu on boaid
bi t tine doubly itnpoitmt in lus estimation He
nest spoke of thi fay of suigcons and then
assist mts—pre felling the more hbi ral oompensi-
timi offe ted by the amendment of the euitlcnidii
fiom Viigimi, [\Ii Wm ] He understood
these officers weie romnellid tofuimsh then own
medicines, \ilueh i ndcied it nicessaiy 'o o\
peidtwoyi ns'siluv be fori the commencement
of in oid n uv ío-y gc Mi P said he did not
wish to cm ml the pav of any ofiiiei m the ser-
vice, but he could not undei stand what was meant
j by the continued leitcration of the nnpoitance oe
co.rim Hiding ofiiccis bom > enabled tosuppoit then |
i d gmtv and the dignity of oui Government while
I abioid     He wished to pay tbem libe allv—to
l pay them dl that win necessaiy, butle did not |
1 eoicuie it to be piopei  to take the payof cithu I
, Freichoi British oflneis c s i crituion to i gulite
th it of oui ov n     "What nrght be m cessai y for
tin  suppoit of Ydmual INclson at N iplts be d d
It not think would be lequned by Oommodon Rod
il fins on the sime station    The la'tei would not,
l| like tin   foimci, bale to tlefi iy the exti ivagant   i
evnensis of the Hdyofan  English noblemtn   ,
I Agiin.lhcicwucothii dtspu \" iifcneumstanci s
in the senile opet ttingazi'nst ihe junioi ofheois
, of the Nai v     Thti had not the s uric chanci s of
pi omotioi) tint then si niois have enjoyed, anions;
\ which was the benefit of the wais m wind  oui
i  con it y his (in been engaged     Mi  P sud.lu    |
e itimly coiil! have no feeling eonlietmg  with
I   the  mtcustsof the captains     To   Connnodoie I
R  citéis lie felt  unelci    pe eubai   obligations    is
h i in^ done moie foi   his State   thai   uiy othei
of ie   i i i t'i   "Sivy   CiptamsHull uid Chaune v
] he looked upon   is the  nc\t dooi   mnrhhois of
1 mis If and 'us co istuuents    Captt n Mont' he
considi cd is tin joint piop ity of Rhode Is1 md   I
md Co   iiectii ut    Hut sou  ofthe seivni officeis
of tin ]Nai/hi\e il ladv enj )ye d an oproituni'v
tint piobably will iitie i fall to'be lot of   he jum   .
ois—ti ¿ii of  mal i y foi tt nes by the ti mspoi a
| tío i of   spLcie       The fii ntlem in fiom JNt il 1 oi k
I [Mi   M\^   ] bad -fdvocatiel the íeductio 1 of the
sihiiesof the ofheeisof the  Vimy   Tln«, Mi   P
,1 b 1  ii (1, to I e tot illy impiacticible    Hcidicitod
l| to the id i mcc which hid been mide in t' e p iy
i of othei eiffietis of the Goieinment, p"iticnhily
tin hiads of De putmuits, all of which had bti  i
' adianeedat  k tst  one thud    while tint of oui   .
nnal office is has evei am unid stitionuv     'i-t
I timpts had ofti n been mide to lcduet the pay of
mi nibeis of Cons;ie"s, but ¡jnitlcm n ill knew
hen/futde all sikIi ule mpts wen     ¡Viastuseom-
minelniit in  oui  ¡Na\y must iiiiiim fifty yiais
in i he s ivicc bi foietht ii d ulv pay I ecamc equal
to the bo^s—the   pa^i s and messenircis of the
Ho íse      lliese boys (he said) faithfully carne d
I then monrv—peihajis nion fntlifullythan many
minibus did, but when   was oui libeiality to
old  md  fu hlul  sunnts in tin  public emjiloy-
mi nt      It cuta nly wis  not (iinced nthcpiy
of m isti i s eonini md mt     It was due, w c somi
I turns pud  them with   compliments—withvotis
— md mnj hap wiih a s'loid    Mi   P  pioceeded
to compile thcjiiyof ti    oilicusuf the Aimy
and N ii j , conte nclins; that the lattei  should be   I
i u^eel, i ill  i than the founei íeduce d     Hi con     I
I clink el I y k pi lünrli s>r ufe i   nc   foi tin xmend    '
mint of the ¡junkman fiom Vnj;niia [Mi  Wis,.]
is the   most equitable  md siUs'ictoiy in ill its
del ills                                                                            .
j     Mi    VA^DERPOEL  sue!, that the  comse
i which the debiti had the idy tdun wis such is
i nil fr iitlcnien at ill acquaint! d with the clo-
na nts of which   Ins House w is, and fiom the   '
niluii   of tin i3s ni i must be, compasul, would
i ii itui tlly expect   The Anieiic in \"t\y' A piop
I osition t > me ie ase thi  |i iv of its officeis   'Whit
elnimi  j; themes to chaw out on the oif side (he
sou1 stun)0" ( flusie ns of those oiatois (*>nd be
, íeco^; i 7 (1 one [Mi   Wiitn] m   i most estei mi d
colli if,! ) whose hnitswue vdimcd.ind wbos
| tonnues  weie   inspiicd, by  th    leeollectiop   cf
what oui   gillant "Sny hal done,   ind, on the
othei, the moie   dulling lucubiations of those
j oiu vinlmt "omit  Is at the door of you' Trus
my, wl  s    oiei istim tte of one vutu , some
times exiled erenjiii;, md somttimes pa)sxinomi,
w  s ipt to ind ice  an undei estimate of another
| into , win b might juopuly be called national
justirp      He  would not say that the remaiks of
uiothei ot lus honorable colleagues, [Mi  Miss,]
who 1, «1 aiowed such uncoinj lomisng host lily
to tins bill and its amendments, entitled him to a  i
link among tluse too  faithful s ntinels     The
fiankand bold mumu m which he alwus stitcd
' is jnopositions Mes ai   impk guiiai'ce of his
simciity in  whi'eni couise he might take in
íeixtion to the vinous subjects that came here
foi oui action and elehl ei ition
His colkaaue [Mi   Miss] see me d to be not a
bttl    tioubled about the mam  i     n  which this
bill came before us     It did not, m Ins opinion, ll
come from'he right source     It did not emanate   I
fiom a standing committee o*1 the House, and,
theiefoie, m his opinion, it oightnot tobe tie ited
with much fa\or Foi my pait, (slid Mi V ,) I
cue not how it came hue If it has only pio
ceeded fiom one of the regulaily constitti cd
oigaiisofthe House, 1 will, if it ba«t mint, i dopt
it His the child ch u n md tttnction enough
to commend it to oui íivoi ? Has i' the chums
oftiuth and justice' If so, why should we not
embiace it' Wl y mstitut  a most useless and
unkind inquiiy lino its pedigiic ' But,if it wcie
in thi  instance neeessn v to imdjcxte us pan nt-
ag , oi establish its legitimacy, he would not
eiui despan of tint tisk fill the subject
icftired to the committee which had icpomd
the bill uiidu consideiation piculiuly belong to
en!  i the Milituy oi the I\aval Committee
iNot it all, sir Both the Army and Navy were
withiithc se opr oftl  incjuiiy contained in the
lesolution which had en ited the committee
Th y wut ícquiiid to " uiquiic into the e^ pe-
dienc) of e qu ibzing the pi\ of the oil  us of the
AimvandNavi ," audit was time foi c emph itic
illy fit and piojxr that it should be lefeiicd to
an amjihihious i nninii tee, like the one w h  h.
ll is lepoiti d tl IS bul Tin fallicy of his fin lid
and col'uigtic s objection to the ioim (he spoke
with gieat dcfeience) wis ex eeded only by die
Uiisouudne ss of lus news in illation to the
substance
In ugiid to the genenl question, whethci the
eomp nsitioii of th nnal offteeis ought to be
i used, long spec lies must suiely bi useless
The aigumuits /oi and czamil tl e pioposition
w ould ve iv icadil} oce ui toe vei > int lligentmintl
No lervi  w oi u iKnoivn fxcts could be disclosed
—no smkingly new pimeiplis coulci be developed
by iliscussnn Tl  only questions to be de temn-
in d w ie—fust, is the laboiei woithy of his
hue' and wcovilly, wh it compensation do the ob-
ligations of justice, is well as the honoi of the
iciuor, liquue that we should icndei him' Tor
his own put, (Mi V slid,) he would fieely ac-
knowledge that, until his attention wis called to
tins bill, he wis not aw in (to boirow the very
just and emphatic 1 mgnageof the Secietary of the
Ticasuiy) t( hou, dcgradingly iW" was the com-
pe nsation jiiouded by law fe i the ofticus of the
filly Iso candid mm could doubt that they
weitmoii wi etched lyjuid than my othei officeis
undei the Croiciinvent Was it not indeed sui-
piismg tint, with the piospect of such pitiful
emolument, so many good ind gallant men, who
have wilts like oui solve s, could hue been in-
duced to ente i the nuil smiec The loieof
countiy and the love of gloly must indeed have
been with them what they shoi ld line been—•
panmount consideiations It must, however, be
lemembeitd, that m my, nxy most, of the officeis
entueil the nival sen ice long befoit they hid
ii in id to manhood, md were induced by pirents
and fncpds to choosi th s noble mil pitnotie
occupation Thei giew up to mill's estite, and
then found themselves dedicated to the seiuceof
then couitiy Tlitn habits weie fixed, and then
ntire unfitness foi any othei avocation in life,
bi wind they could eain bieid for then wives
md 11 lichen, weie is notouous ind as well
established as th it thefisusof the deep could
«ul sist only in th n native elemuit Dtnplia!
ie illy frivin up, then, is thev wuc, to their
countiy ivue they not the legitimitc objects of
the c uc, or, it le ist the jiuíicl, of that country ?
And yet, so low was the allow ince upon wh'ch
then steinjjiiuuhad hithei to placed them—that
liaicnt whose mteiests they had evei been leady
to i indicate, and whose honoi they had so val-
iantly piottcted—that it would now be an insult
to the undei st u dingof inti Ibgent and honoiablc
gentlemen to attempt, bj my 1 iboied pioe ""SS of
reasoning, to move that their piesent compensa-
tion could affoid them aught but a mire •¡canl'l
subsiHcnct, that, if tiuc to the honoi and dignity
of tint flag which flo its ovei tin in, they could
not, with th ir nine ofii rat ciimngs, make any
pumsion for old go and decupitude, oi become
able to bequeath to then childien au°-ht but the
glouj of their achieiementi, which was, to be suie,
m its w iy, veiy good food foi apioiul he nt, but,
after all, nuypooi guaiantee against nakedness
and hunger
Mr V said he would not entei upon i cms ide
against theAimy, but justice riquned that lie
should lemind the House that the present torn-
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
pcnsatio i piovih 1 fit th Aimv, is visth greitoi
th m that which yougm to yom Is ivy Xho
ic I on upo i v oui ta 1 t< lis j on, s , th it i nnjoi
r not d of th rtist i v ik iv ho i inks vv ith n c *t
tain of th \i\ j net ftftoi i \ is s i dn °-, i
c iv s < 3, )1 > i ioi th u linyr ipti n tint i
biigidici gem il,\vl links vith i intunovo
ten ytais' s urn n, to<fix s <i2,£61 moie th-^ i
such t int" n Tiiiltnt i coló i I, \\ ho mil s Willi
a cap a i < f the t md nnk, i c n s  .7'9 pi i yt u
mou tliinsu hciptam1 H miiiit  o on to tin
end of tin eh iilii, ut h hid ilit ulv mstituti d
Ktmn i'-oiis t iiou^h to show tint 'h m quilily
■wis nm t gioss lid h eking \nd whit w s
tlitit in th luiti i if tic tun bi in-h s of the
pnhl i s n c to u ti<"vsn h j) idi i i is m quil
lty i i tht stiidud of eom isiuon illovvtd to
t itm L li i wisuotiuu bul, on ti tmtitiy, ¡
it in no i ijinu e to thi V ny t> c mti id ill it,
i i linn o" pi it , tin (linn to ilu ' nhi n com
p nsi on wis v is ly uf n >t of tht JN ivy Y &
commissions, in thi Vim i i tn n if peiei vv it
compiniiv ly sinic n s Liu ng tin toilsomi
ind honoi iblt i \pt ditiu i onanist h\ i k Ilivvk,
and m occi^ in il eh isi attci af w i tinting md
pitda nysa a^es, w h it his yon Yimv done,
oí, i itln i, i\ ha his u li d 11 d j, inti t'l pi ace
of j815 It hid dm ill tint lnil b ( n iiquiu d
of it, I 11 it eon d m the ll Uuit of things, li lie
hot hull oi nothing t )d > ¡Notso iv ith «lie INivy
oui list nil ; nwin.' cnimuce must be pi o
tukd, tin pn itt must be duven fiom the otiat ,
cind piat nd piosjiditv m y sin 1 ovei i ill l
gliJdcn tht land, but til y bung to tht giluit '
siisot tit octii no t\tnip ion from toil md
1   id                  •
And y t, .. i, how his it I app ntd ill it, when
tht p u oftvuv otln r oífiti i of the G ivemment
his betn nitii is d, yom stilt t nits, vour titas
in i, vom ugstii, voui "dm rs ind yom
cIiiKsm tht D( paitincnts—tin se eh lhs, (he did
not mean to sp ik d bi spcctfui j. of thtm is men,
for he k K \v i id ts en i d ni ny of tnem ) some
of vi horn, is it níaid d the n luit ol then du íes,
Wtit nine machines, thit md n it ícqune i iy
mm mind thai *hc puis vnth wuith the j eopud
tac thoug its of othtis— how, lit sk d, I "d it
hipptntd tint tiitn tomp nsdtion hid íxen m
Cleaned ind mcimstd fiom time to turn, until
tin v vveit in receipt of vcty eomfoitablc, not to
pay foimidablt suiiib, when the pay of the omrteis
of thg 1ST wy, the nen who wtri roe piotectoisof
join eomiecree, and in sime mi isuti the gun
dims of yom nitionil honor, hid not, as hid
allothtr i ompens itious, " "-lovn u itntlie gtouth '
of tht i uion It iv is,  a, bt cítiso those bnvi
men wm lot íbl tobe hue, h mm; ovci oui
bai is oth is hid in opooi tumty of hems;, to
p tition ii d bi g fot in inci tsc of Uien teimmii
a ion jNo the) wcie on duty, main of th m
fn from tlmr fue ids, thin nitiv land, mil ill
tht indi i ments i f home f lit y wtrc on thin
stations oi cuming on distant si as
Jii   in   tin   otrtli     loimtimvvivr
Th i   hom   is on tí e tWp '
And be "m se such vv is the cise   would  Con
gt ^s n gift them      Hoti isted not     It wis, in
ft t   1 i h  t  m tint  tin   lights of 'lies    me lto
r jus  m n should  le taken in o eo lstdenti m
Ft v is no i nthusnst  but he thought iven Imh
l  sionsibiluy íested upon us to foster this most
lnuoitmt bunch of oui  mtioml defense     He
■vvould sij, tint vv hen he looked ovu the stati
m nt ot  th   sahms thitweie patd  o oui nivil
olnt is, -md commitd those ('the tno s mcos,
1 it Aimv md tin IS xvy noctli, i, md looked ilso
at tin s ims pud to out crnl ooiceis, ho blushed, ,
Ms, blushid to turn fiom  tut sta enieiu to the
lecoids of lav    t\    m  which   it wis told  how
m ith on   New hid   eontubuted  towards  the i
gioiioiis ioi Its which this countiv  hid attaint u, j
with whit imp rishibh  luucls-ithad dtcoiitcl
its 1 i )w '
An ugument vains  i ioi easing the pi) of the
niv il ofiittis h id been list d bv oni ot Ins honoi
able colic iguos [Mi   i\U\v] which stiutk him#-
entnely unsound    Heind olrseivid, that the pie
sent compensation of c  ptams and commandt is
of sq ndions was much moie than many settle
n n li< íceme mi m tin n piofissions md   theie
foie, it oin'it not to be ill i   iserl     1 ftdi, sn , th it
it th s stindiid wf ic ippht d to mil own oiscs, P
would bt pietty suit to pi ove that many of us
illy deseive oui eight dolíais per day    The gen
th mm no doubt I'luded to hw vers and ph\ si
enns     jNow, sn , m my ol us bul too \u 11 know
tint elunts and pane its m on   i  speem    vicini
tus in unkmd enough to mimn     In t th y t in
vnj (omforul Iv dispinsc with mis mccs   md
is to si. h (lit  did not mi in to msum it" th it his
estttnitd coilciiruc wis  one) it mi'ht tiulj  bt
sud    it the end of i lon^ s sston, when then pu '
flttm mdiniliao-i mal < iprett; '  tj t^ium, 'lhit
tin it receipts li in inj;t I u il oit   the st md nd
which tlu  'tn 1 man his pit «¡m ied as i piopei j
nieisui   of coi i iiiixitm to pul li   offitus,vi?   I
tie amount  lliej emit I  en v   (I  home     But    sn,
ought not m>     ckv Ut il c     sill  i i ions to i nlci I
into the "count in this nnttn than th   m ic csu   i
ni itc of wh it in  uto n \ , n   sonic qtutt vill ij;
v uliout inv it mntionri    xposuit  totxpinsi,!
could possibly fun oi   vvouU piobiolv i   qmu  I
foi tht suppoit of himstlf i id his fim lv      Cm
thos   wh) m   isurt th   m titsind the elm is of
tin \v( itln t bi m ii sins of th   octin by so con
ti lend  i stindiid, mpm iiti lilt ptul    mtl pn
iitions to vv i tch   hty  uc constintly t xposcd
and the \( ry inpoi ant n ists that iro tonfi 1 d 11
tht ni      Di th j  ui, j'lt tt that thev tic not onh
doom dtoj; mp't with the   n miesofth u   oun
tiv, wltn tht vvii  tiump is sounding   but tint
th    st tin   the tern] tst    ind the  p stileme, n
tvtilisuns; foes with which no tiute cm be tf
ftetod    tintthty ire in i^it tt miasmt tin gi n
dims of \oui nation il honoi ibroid  md 'hit to
them i    committed, to  i   'ton cxti nt  tht   high
t ust ot convine 112: th   subject   of monuchs md
despots, wh t the} h ivesostienuousl-v   out nded
o nnst, tint   1 populii   **ovtininent is not sub
leisivt of ill ihost eomtis es md uvi mes  md
thai n<b'e chuah-i, which  suit to clnnct nz
the z ntltmm   md ilcv it    civil zition      T.he^t
wtit   duties   ind   con id ntioiib win h,  m   lis
humble t stm ition, iltvat d  t'ic   stud 11 d   of   1
nival ofUcei s win's "bivc fh it  of the som of
I sculipius 01  the disci lis of Loid Cole      Pi
« iv 1115 this  he 11 r \i ily in mt no dispi a"-enent
to those 1 lofess ens, ot one of which lie \v is an
1 unible tiembu
He would, hovvt\ 1, isk vvhi select my of the
learned pi oft ssioi)"asliunisl m^ipionei int isui
of tompcnsaiion foi xournav 1 ofhetis Why
not take out of tht mithanit il bid 1 Ins fi 1,
siiulv , the mtcb tnits vv 11 not nifciioi 111 1 snect
ability 01 national utility to any of tht piofessions
which have been cilkd m question oNt sir
qtutt the tontnrv The fumen and mtilnnics,
the woikin ' md pioducmgchssts of thi 1 ountrv,
ne indeed the salt of this nation Blot them out,
sn , 11 d few and fteblc indi cd vv ill be the li mds
to witti tint tut of Iibeity which tiok root with
theR volution Why notfix upon thei minings
ind then income, "s ft inisluna; ipiopti nnasuie
ef toi lpensatiOn to those vvho consent to bt toin
fiomlhti fnmhes and ill thatisdcii in ' noMr, '
tofi^itth I attks >f yom tomtiy5 W hy not
si) tin 1 ]Otu nt\ mn m( chime cm eain only
^00 per y li,mii th ufoit yom nival ofhc is
s louldnot itceive moie Ci ntlemen, whilepm
sini" the comse, th rasdiuvoui t ndenty of
which I am attempting to d monstiitc should ¡ro
the vhoh -1 ict, \u, I mean Ih/j should not
bt obstiucted ill, 01 diveittdjinm then c mise I \
the mo'c hill imp dimcntsoi nitioml justice 01
lilt onal honoi Ho insisted upo i ilu si 1 idi s
of the puncipli , that tin • wen some ofliccis of
Iht Nivyvvhost comuensition s!) mid bt such
as to cniblt them to ektend ind lecipit eit th st
hosp tihtit" xvhich they will nturalh leceiv
when ibioid It hid b en vt iy ippiomntt lv
-sked dining this discus  on by an honoiihle
¡rentl m 111 from Mass ichusttts [Mi Ri ii.D,1 why
doeE,-iomPicsid(iitieccivei,2d,000i ( rv >i This
w is tiuly 1 "pi ty Sim; um —yts, it wis a
viiy hi;i sum Was it srix n to cniblt him to
si tur in inheutmte f n his childi 11J JSo sn
It was to cniblt him toi xtt 1 those hospiuhn s
which ill m 11 of 1 bond f ehn^s hive i 1 ght o
expect, md dot x|>tct, 10m the cbi fot 1 neat,
afici ,ind inv aithy nxtion \ om nival otn tis
ice íxed civilities wnen ibioid and th y would,
is a geneial 11 le, dishonoi the profession thty
hid chosen, ind th it countiv w hos" stus and
stnptsthey \v u ao «vl'mtly displijuig, 11 )t to
n tipiocatcih m Thsn cessai i> mcims dthtn
expense^ mdit wistheoccmit nti of veiv>'ai
that a high minded orhcu, havma: done all, and
no moie, than the honoi of lus country ltquired
lnni to do, lettnncd from a fou.^n cm so w th
imptv pockets—5 cs, almost ovu whelm d with
debt met embarrassment His proud «pn t sir,
his love of coi ntn could notbrtok the dt i, tl -t
th men md the orHccrsof fouign n 1I10 is shi old,
when Ins bick M" 1 11111 d, tumlm dy 11 d <\vtlt
11 °"ly say imona: themsehes '1 hcie is 1 spoci
men of join fieeGoveinni 111s—ltso^hn is afiaid
to accept of hospiHities ibiOdd btciusi theyaie
too stingy md toomnn toi tmntliem" Sooner
thin expose tin countn which thty lovtd ti
such tutting, such humili itimn pioich thty have
( vi 1 proud y sustained tin honoi of tint countiv,
though vv mt 1 id povcitv weit its serte p n ilties
II vv mid hut ti\t oi-tasiou to 1 11111 k, th it the
i itir Inline of ¡U it tmln t •-, on the put of 01 1
niv il ifHttis will) the c ti ens  ->f oihei nations,
I  a 01 ni "lit be, of giou utility nulepi nd ntly
of th it ( omttsv he should siy demicy wliuli
icqu td 011 ofliccis to it spiel thtm f!y this
íccipi ) itjon 0 com si s, om offic is 1 njoj. d
the f ppoitumtv of 1 < c 1111 lg acqui 1 tul v ith tht
Inbits and nnnn is oi othci 11- 1011s They ic
q ) td < it 1 it 1 s to s t ud to become icomint \
vvi h tin 1 hubois, then coasts thtu pul he
wi 1 s th 11 it souice55   mil with  ill n vino t il It
ot th 11 niiiig nhle joints—ill which mf urn \
tim mnbt bt of lmstnm! It v due m lh< eifiit if
iw 1 w th such nation Cv 1 y dirt itc of interest
combintd with even considei->tion o* intmnil
honoi to dcmonsti uc tin cKpethtncy of giving to
0111  n iv il olfici is  such  compensation   is  would
II  able tht m to rctuin to 1 deet nt ind itisoniblt
extent, wliitevei mhtjes tl t v might ictcive
fiom the (iti7t ns of olhi 1 co mtiies
But (said Mi  V ) I have been aisea quite long
cnouirh     It wis high time  that he inchomd for
1 ftvv moments to the amendments of tht pintle
mn   fiom "Viiginn,   [All    Wi 1 ]    He should*
v ti  foi those iniendnients, bee uise the Hiemal
1 ill   01  lit! ii th     1 nendm nt of tht   gtntl mm
fioin  Pennsylv  mi  is w 11 as the im ndnn nts
piop^st 1 I y the b on ib'e than man of th   com
I mitt e,[Mi   Wvtmot 111 ] nitioduceda nevvpun
j ciple 111  otu statute boo it.     Hithiito semoiitv
ot comp))ssion hid not given my cluni to in in
! cicisc of 1 comoonsdtion     It was tme that   by
I 1  sulations estallishi d by the Si cietanes of War
) and the N ivy 11   1818, with the appiobation of
j the Piisidcnt of tin  United Statis, it w is t stab
hshtd " that the ) ml; and pricidencc of sea and
' In d offic nit H t il o place iciorduig to the sem
outy of then r sptetne commissions," but he
j was not dwne tint there had been any legisla-
tive santt on of this piiiiajile
Mr WATMOUGH htic rtfened Mi V to
pig 5 of thtitpo t, to shew that this ltgulation
hia be< n sanctioned
Mi VAiNOJCRPOEL said, if it wen as the
^tmleman hid stand, he stood contct d He
lnd,howev i,anothei obji c 1011 to the honoiable
gtntltmm s i ncnilnaents He thought, that m
his vety 1 iiidiblt solicitude foi thcstnioi, he hid
rot done justice to the jmnoi office He would
ins nice tht rs of the licutinants Tht} vn ic,
1 1 th fiist instance ullovvid ^l,oOU when atsta,
and ^,1 '00 when watting ouleis Bv tin last
ami ndnii nts of the gentleman fiom Tenns} lv 11111
tht y vvni to be ill wed 4.1,200 when it std, and
^il ,000 vv h n vv utiti^" oíd ib
Tin 11 wis 111 his opinion, a vist dispropor
tion beuvitn the junioi and the mihoi ofiicts
What vv is the piesent siliiv of 1 lieutenml It
amount d to «WO pn ye u 1 lus included rations
"oil tvtiv illowmce that thev wcie enti'lid
ti r\ovv!whi)h considered tint many of thtm
would piolnhh hue to wait and toil foi ty yeais
bcfoie they could be promoted—tint thej would
hive ti sen six tim s is long 1  tin patnaich
of (Id seived f 1 his belovid pnzt, I ( fort th y
could be elci Ut d to 1 captaimy, h thou 'lit the
•nmthynov lecen ed most' dtgiadm^ly low ,
and th it th sum fiist mi ntioit d emit! not It
diem (llO)hi'h II had until he had very
1 "enllv 1 lqmi d into th matter, supposed that
evei^ thui"-wis piovided foi our naval o'fictrs
when it sc 1 tint theie wcie whit aie eomnioi ly
cilled " ship s s ojes" on boaid of our naval
vessels, md tint the officers as will as the
sailors wtri piovisiontd atthemtional expense
He had disuvti d, hoivevu, tint such was
not the cist—that the oiheirs had tifnd their
own piovisions, and e%en their own table furni-
ture, and cooking utensils     Now, it was to  be
60                                          THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         December 22,
kept in remembrance, that many of these officers
had wives and families, also, to provide for on
shore. Thcyhad, in fact, two messes to support
out of their incomes.
And when he considered how onerous, how
highly responsible were the duties of lieuten-
ants, their claim to an increase of compensation
would be greatly fortified. And what were those
duties? As he understood, he had in time of
action to direct and point the guns. Each lieu-
tenant had charge of from sixty to seventy men-
there being from twelve to fourteen men stationed
at each gun. These men it was his duty to drill;
and, when the enemy has boarded, the lieutenant
was, as he had learned from a source upon which
he could rely, the first to board, unless a pike
driven through his body prevented the execution
of this hazardous piece of duty. He had, too,
to take his turn on the watch, and was held re-
sponsible for the general safety of the vessel.
And what were his duties and obligations, ac-
cording to the naval code of nations, on coming
into port? because it mipht be said that he, at
least, had not the necessity of reciprocating the
hospitality of officers in foreign service.
But it was not so. According to the custom
of naval life, the captains messed by themselves,
and the subordinate officers by themselves; and
if a lieutenant were entertained by an officer of
the same grade in foreign service, on board ship.
or on shore, he had to reciprocate the courtesy in
like manner, by inviting him to the lieutenant's
* mess. He had asked a lieutenant how lie man-
aged to get along, having to comply with these
customs, and having, besides, a wife and family
to provide for; and his answer was, " When he
left port he always found himself confoundedly
in debt; and when at sea he worked for a dead
"horse, and there denied himself all the luxuries,
and many of the comforts, of life." Is this, sir,
the measure of American justice to public ser-
vants ? He would not impugn the motives of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Watmougii,]
for he deserved much credit for what he had done
in this matter, but he, nevertheless, thought that
he had in some measure overlooked the claim of
these lieutenants.
There was another heresy prevailing, which
was in rígard to the office and duties of gunner.
A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Suther-
land] had spoken with much eloquence in behalf1
of the gunners. Now he (Mr. V.) had supposed
that tin  gunner was the man who loaded, and
pointed, and fired the guns; but he found that
Mich was not the case; that they were not the
" inert of fire and smoke;" that their station was in
the magazine below, comparatively out of tin-
reach of shot and danger-, and that, they stnellcd
no other " smoke"' than that of the lamp which
lighted that magazine. Why not, Re would ask,
give the increase to the hardy tars who had to serve
at the guns—who were exposed to all the danger'
Mr. "SUTHERLAND observed that he had
also pleaded for the sailors.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he had already de-
tained the committee much longer than he had
intended when he rose, and hoped that he might,
• n conclusion, be permitted to say, without in-
curring the imputation of egotism, that he repre-
sented a stiicily fresh-water district; that he had
had, in the course of his life, but little or no in-
tercourse with naval officers, and did not know
that a single one of them could be numbered
among his constituents. He did not know that
he liad a single relative in-tlic naval service; and
the vote which he should give for a reasonable
increase of the compensation of this important
branch of service would be drtatcd solely by a
sense of the vast importance of the Navy to the
interest and honor, if not the safety, of the coun-
try, and of the strong claims which its too long
neglected officers had to the justice, not to say the
liberality, of this great, this just, and opulent na-
tion.
_ Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said that, in
every discussion of a measure during this short
session, it was the duty of all to remember how
much business we had to transact, and thus put
a just value upon time, and to economize it. With
this sentiment in his mind he would, on this im-
portant measure, indulge in afew general remarks.
As to the Navy it was a great favorite with the
nation, and that favorable opinion was not with-
notgood reason. The history of our country would
furnish ample cause why we were partial to the
Navy. We would refer to our naval conflicts with
the Barbary Powers, Tripoli, and our quasi war
with France, and particularly our late war with
GreatBritain. Whodoes notrecollectthefeelings
and gratitude, of confidence, of patriotism, which
swelled the bosom of every faithful citizen at the
news of our splendid naval victories following
each other in quick succession. Perry and Mc-
Donough on the lakes; Hull, Decatur, Lawrence,
Porter, and others, on t'he mountain waves,-on
the ocean.
Our gallant Navy, therefore, was justly a fa-
vorite with the people. It had never excited the
jealousy of the statesman or patriot. Its motto
was, " For our country: right or wrong for our
country." This being the true state of the case, it
was to him unaccountable and surprising that such
opposition—such persevering opposition should
have been made to every proposition for the last
twenty years to make adequate provision for the
Navy, and to assign proper grades of command to
the officers. The people, by common consent,con-
ferred upon our senior naval officers the honorary
title of commodore, yet our laws have conferred
no such command. The highest grade of com-
mand in our naval service was that of captain.
He did not see any reason for such a state of
tilings. It might have been correct when our
Navy was in its infancy—when we «had only a
captain's command; but now we had increased
our Navy from necessity—it had increased with
our commerce and our population, and it was
correct to confer higher grades of command, as
much so as to confer the command and grade of
a colonel to a regiment, of a major to a battalion,
and a captain to a company. But let us pass
from this subject to that of the compensation.
Adequate compensation was still more necessary
and important to the service than grades of com-
mand. It was a very difficult subject to know
precisely what compensation ought to be given.
It was very easy to commence with the salary
and compensation of the civil officers of Govern-
ment, and where they get annually $3,000, to say
they could live upon §2,000; and that members of
Congress who now received eight dollars per day
might live upon six or four dollars. In case of
necessity for our country, (Mr. J. said,) we could
all live upon half rations; but it should be recol-
lected wo were not fixing the compensation of the
Navy upon any such principle. We were fixing
it upon the principle of justice, of propriety. The
laborer was worth his hire. The officers of the
Navy, and all attached to the Navy, were working
men—hard-working men; and that man would
find himself egregiously mistaken if he supposed
that he could enter the naval service and sleep
upon beds of down. If he supposed that he
could sleep and slumber, and fold his arms to-
gether to sleep without trouble, without anxiety,
he would find out his miscalculation. The re-
verse was his lot; it was a place of toil, of suf-
fering, of hardship, and of danger. From the
hour that a man enters the naval service of his
country, until he is hurried to that bourn from
whence no traveler returns, he will learn that his
lot is one of privation, toil, anxiety, and trouble.
Mr. J. said he was a working man himself—a
hard-working man, ever since he had grown up
to manhood, and his constituents were working
men, and reasonable men, and patriotic men, and
that is the reason why they have honored me so
long. Thoy know I will not squander the public
money; they know 1 am not extravagant myself,
and that I will not vote for extravagant salaries.
Out they have always sustained me in voting for
salaries and reasonable and just compensation,
which will make the officer easy in his circum-
stances; that which will enable him to live com-
fortably, not luxuriously; that which will enable
him to furnish himself and a small family with
the necessaries and comforts of life, but not with
its superfluities; that which will enable him to live
as a freeman ought to live in a free country, but
not enough to make him wealthy. These are the
principles by which he should be governed, these
were the principles by which his constituents
wished him to he governed; and they should
govern in honor of them, and in honor of his
country, and in honor of justice. In fixing the
compensation, Mr. J. said he should look at
human life and society as he found it, and inquire
what sum was required to place the officers of
the Navy in the situation which he had described.
He would then bring that information to govern
his votes upon the compensation proposed.
Mr. J. expressed his regret that some of those
who had spoken in favor of the Navy had
brought in the Army, and had made comparisons
which he did not consider useful or conclusive.
He considered all such arguments and compari-
sons irrelevant. The Army as well as the Navy
was a favorite with the American people. Thia
favorable opinion was not without good reason.
The history of the late war would prove it, and
he should not vote to pull down the Army to the
condition of the Navy," nor should he vote to
elevate the Navy upon any other principle than
that of its own intrinsic merit.. He said it was
not necessary upon this, and he hoped upon no
other, occasion, to contrast the gallantry of the
Army and Navy, to induce Congress to do jus-
tice to cither; for, if we look at the sacrifices
which both have made for their country—if we
will do justice to the devotion of both to their
country—if we bring to our recollection the battles
they have fought, the victories they have won,
the gallantry they have displayed, they have
glory enough for any army or any navy; and
nothing is now wanting for them but a proper
provision to make them respectable and inde-
pendent of the wants and frowns of fortune, and
to hold themselves in readiness for any other
crisis.          •
It should never be forgotten that, from the mo-
ment that any citizen enters the Army or Navy,
he has to give up totally all other pursuits; he
has to abandon every other prospect of gam; and
a good portion of his time he Has to^ abandon
society. There is no man who knows the hard-
ships and sacrifices of a soldier's life, whether in
the Army or Navy, but the man who has tried—■
who has made the experiment; but as it is for
his country he bears it cheerfully.
The real truth is, that in time of war, when
everything that is dear to freedom is at stake,
when the country is suffering under all the calami-
ties of war, and bleeding at every pore, we are
disposed, if possible, to overrate the Army and
the Navy, and particularly the merits of a brave
and gallant officer. But in time of peace we are
fully as much inclined to undermte each, and to
think that they are a privileged corps, when in
fact they are the working men of the Government
—the drudges and dray-horses for the country;
they are working for their country all the time;
and unfortunately, in free Governments, the spirit
of jealousy inclines us often to pull down, in time
of peace, the pillars of strength, and to under-
mine the foundations of our greatness and secu-
rity. An instance of that kind is the opposition
to the Military Academy, the institution and fav-
orite of Thomas Jefferson. He was one a mong
the wisest men of this world—and a learned man.
He had examined the annals of all nations, and
he saw that history confirmed the fact that, in a
struggle for liberty, in all past time, double th'e
quantity of blood and treasure had been spent for
the want of the requisite skill and science in those
ga'lant men who had conducted the struggle from
the very beginning of the revolution to its termi-
nation. General Washington made this point a
subject of never-ending complaint. We have
courage and patriotism, and ¡n our small Army
a-nd Navy we cannot have too much skill and
science. In my short military career nothing was
so much wanted as military knowledge and the
sciences connected with it.
It is not very difficult for a brave and patriotic
man, in the chimney-corner, to underrate military
science, which can be gained alone by long and
hard study, or very long and often disastrous ex-
perience. But whenever he shall be brought into
contact with anything like equal talents and bra-
very, and the military skill of which we speak, he
will soon change his opinion and acknowledge his
mistake; and let the patriot, the citizen, and the
statesman never forget that the necessity of an
arfiiy or a navy is predicated upon the probability,
yea, the certainty of war; and that both branches
of defense are for the people's benefit, and that
they depend upon them for their existence. We
should not exalt them too high, nor depress them
too low.
It may be stated with truth, that upon no sub-
ject was the testimony of military men more uni-
form, and more imposing, than upon the benefit,
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
advantage, and utility of military skill, military
knowledge, and the science connected with the
pioftssion of aims The contiaiy opinion wai
entertained gencially by those who had not made
the e-tpeupicnt, but who, no doubt, believed what
they expressed as an opinion, by íeferenee to
some exceptions to general rules and geneuü íe-
sults, and by adveitmg to some bulhaut achieve-
ments, that would seem to contiadict what hes
been advanced—such as the battles of Bennington
and King's Mountain, but when we look at the
blight, the bnlhant,and aHo the daik side of this
pictuie, it will be found that the opinion advanced
is couect Mi J said he would be m favoi of
the bill íenoited by the committee, with some
Jew exceptions
Mi SUTH ERL AND i ose and mged the neces-
sity of taking an immediate vote, as time was
piecious, and fuither delay, he ftared, would
jeopaid the bih, many of the provisions, of which
weie deai to him and the countiy                        ,
Mr   VVISC then withdiew his amendment, m
older to facilitate business, and offeied that part I
only relating to captains, which was adopted
The othei amendmentsoifered by Mi W were
then taken up berwlim, and most of them adopted
by the House An amendment, however, offered
by mm, touching the pay of boatswains, gunners",
siilmakeis, and carpenter, airestcd theprogiess
of the bill, and caused some debate when, on
tikmg the question, it was discoveieti that theie
was not a quorum voting
The SPEAKER then resumed the chair, and
the chairman [Mr Briggs] announced that fact
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Tuesday, December 23, 1834
Petitions and memonals were piesented by
Messis TALLMADGE, SMITH, McKEAN,
and LEIGH
Mr McKEAN presented the memorial of sun
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, piavmg Congress
to fit out a national expedition to expbre  the
southern hemisphere, which was refeired to the
Committee on Naval Affairs
DEATH OF LA FAYETTE.
Mr CLAY, from the select committee ap-
pointed , on the part of the Senate, to consider and
report upon the manner in which the resolution
of June last, relative to the death of Geneial La
Payette, should be earned into effect, reported
the following íesolution
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa
hies, That Wednesday, the 31st instant, be the
time assigned for the dehveiy of the oration by
Johv C^lincy Adams, before the two Houses of
Congiess, on the life and character of General
Li Payette
That the two Houses shall be called to order by
then piesidmg offieei at the usual hour, and the
Journal of the piecedmg day shall be lead, but
all legislative business shall be suspended on that
day
That the oration shall be delivered at half past
twelve o 'clock, in the Hall of the House of Rep
resentatives                                                          |
That the President of the United States and
the heads of the seveial Depat tments, the French
Minister and membeis of the Fiench Legation,
and all the other foreign mmisteis at the seat of
Government, ana the members of then íespect
ive legations, be invited to attend on that occa-
sion by the chanman of the joint committee
That the Piesident of the United States, the
heads of the several Depaitments, the Fiench
Mimstei and members of the French legation,
the othei foreign ministers at the seat of Gov ¡
eminent, and the membeis of then íespeUive
legations, and John Glmncy Adams, be request-
ed to assemble at half past twelve o clock, p m ,
m the Senate Chamber, and that they, with the
Senate, shall be attended by the joint commute?
to the Hall of the House of Repiesentatives
That the galleues of the House, undei the di-
rection of its officers, shall be open on that day I
for the accommodation of such citizens as may
think piopei to attend                 "                         i
The íesolution having been lead,                      |
Mi CLAY íemarked, that as the other House
weie probably now acting on a similai resolu
turn, repoited by the committee on their part, |
he moved that it he on the table, which was
agieed to
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE
Mr CLAY said he held m his hand a resolu-
tion, to which he desired to call the attention of
the Senate for a moment It would be recollected
that that pait of the President's annual message
which applied to our Fiench affairs had been re
forred to the Committee on Foieign Relations
After this refeience, the committee thought it
necessary, to the proper discharge of their duty
in this p irticulai, to bo put in possession of the
instructions which had been given to our Minister
in Prance on this subjeit, and also all the corre
spondence which had been exchanged between
the two Governments with i elation to it Under
this view of the case, a letter was prepared by
direction of the committee, and tiansmitted to the
Secretaiy of State, requesting that the necessary
mfoimation might be communicated This lettei
was very piomptly replied to by the Secretary,
covering the ínfoimation sought foi, but accom
paried with a íequest that it should be considered
confidential by the committee But it seemed to
the committee that, as the opinion and recom-
mendation of the Piesident on the subject had
been made public, the committee could not act
upon documents which were only confidentially
communicated The Secietary of State, in hn
letter, suggested an application to the President,
m the usual wav, and he had accordingly drawn
up this resolution, but which he would not press
upon the consideiation of the Senate now, as a
wish had been exoiessed to him to that efftct by
a gentleman who desired to examine it
Mi   C  then submitted the resolution, as fol
lows
Resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to the Senate (if, in his opinion, it
shall not he incompatible with the public inteiest)
the ins*ructions which have been transmuted,
from time to time, since the 4th of July, 1831, to
the representatives of the United States at the
Government of Fiance, relating to the execution
of the treaty which was signed on that day be-
tween the United Slates and Fiance, and also,
all the coi respondence which has passed at Wash-
ington, ot atPai is,between the two Governments,
respecting the execution of the said tieaty
ALABAMA THREE PER CENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter from the Treasury Department, commu-
nicating the information requned by a resolution
offeied by Mi Moore, relative to the three per
cents of Alabama, which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be punted
ADMISSION OT MICHIGAN
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid befoie the
Senate a memorial from the terutonal govern-
ment of Michigan, relative to the introduction of
that Temtoiy into the Union, which was referred
to the Judiciary Committee
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr  CLAYTON, fiom the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported a bill to mcieise the salaiy of the
maishal for the Delawaie distnct
Mi   POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, íeported the following bills
A bill for the íelief of Anson Lynch,
A bill to extend the time foi issuing military
land wanantsfor seivicesm the revolutionary
army,
A bill for the relief of Andrew Knox,
A bill to giaduatethe puce of the public lands,
to provide for the sale of those which have been
longest in the maiket, and foi other purpo&es,
A bill granting to the State of Missoun a quan
tity of land for the puiposes of internal improve-
ment,
A bill gianting a township of land foi  the en
dowment of the French university m St Louis,
Missoun
A bill for the íelief of Robeit Haile,
A bill foi the relief of Evan Edwaids,
A bill to remove the United States land office
from Clinton to Jackson, Mississippi and
A bill foi the íehef of William Giaham
Mr  GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office, to which the same had been referíed,
repoited the bill making an appropriation foi the
completion of the road from Lyme cieek to Chat-
tahoochie
Mi CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, repoi ted a bill for the relief of the legal
repiesentatives of John Malony, late consul at
Tvngieis, which, on his motion, was read three
several times, and passed
Mr  BROWN, fiom the Committee on Agn-
cultuie, to whom the subject had been referred,     *
reported the bill authoiizmg the sale of the lion
and two horses piesented to oui consul at Tan-
giers by the Empeioi of Morocco
On motion of Mi BELL, the Committee on
Claims was dischaiged fiom the fuither consid-
eration of the resolution íelativeto mci easing the
compensation of the judges and other officeis of
Michigan Territory, and the same was referred
to the Judicial y Committee
The same committee was also discharged from
the consideration of the petition of Someiville
Pinckney, and the same wasiefeircd to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations
BILLS INTRODUCED
Mr WRIGHT, agreeably to notice given yes-
terday, and on leave, introduced a bill in addition
to the act to piovide more effectually foi the set-
tlement of the accounts of receivers of public
moneys, which was read twice and referred
Mi LINN, on leave given, introduced a bill
making an appiopnation to improve the Missis-
sippi nver, neai St Louis,
Also, a bill to confnm certain claims to land *
in Missoun, and foi other purposes, which were
twice nad, and íefened
Mr P01NDEX.TER, on leave given,  mtro
duced a bill for the relief of EhhuHall Bay and
others, of South Carolina which was read twice,
and íeferred to the Committte on Private Land
Claims
BILLS P\SSED.
The following bills weie road the third time,
and passed
A bill foi the relief of Elijah Simmons,
A bill for the íehef of Susan Marlow,
A bill authoiizmg the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections for the use of schools, and
giantmg other lands in lieu thereof, and,
A bill foi the íehef of Lynn Magee and Se-
moise, Creek Indians
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolutions, submitted yester-
day, were severally considered and adopted
By Mr HILL
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to transmit to the Senate, as eaily
as mav be practicable, the number and amount
of navy and mihtaiy Vnginia revolutionary land
warrants, now on file for senp in the General
Land Office, the namts of the individuals who
perfoimed the seivice, and also the names of the
persons or agents who filed the wai rants, or aie
interested in the same
Also, that the Secretary of the Treasuiy be
fui ther requested to inform the Senate the amount
of suspended navy and mihtai y Virginia revo-
lutionaiy bounty land scnp now lying in the
Geneial Land Office, the names of individuals
who peifoimed the service, and the names of the
persons or agents now claiming said scnp, and
the reasons foi suspending the dehveiy of the
same
By Mi  TOMLINSON
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims be instructed to inquiie into the expedí
ency of compensating Phmeas Taylor, of Ban-
bury, in the State of Connecticut, for a hoise,
and othei pioperty, taken from him for public
use duung the revolutionaiy wai
By Mi  LINN
Resolved,  That the Committee of Claims be
J  mstiucted  to  inquire  into   the  expediency  of
making an appiopnation to compensate Augustus
Jones, maishal of Missouri, foi services rendered
the public in detecting and breaking up bands
i of counterfeiter, who were flooding the country
I with spunous money   and that said committee
call on the Secietary for mfoimation relating to
this subject
I   By Mr swinr
]     Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be directed
j to cause a survey to be taken of the channel
62,                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 23,
between the islands of Noilhud Souih ITeio, j
m Like Champí un to^cth i uiln in c timah of [
the pioboM r,|tnstoti moving ob«tuut ons to
vi.s eten sud channe 1, with a n w of ftcilitatin.,
th nuigationof -.aid Kl c by the letnovil of said
obstine ions uid that lit mike a i poit thcicof
to tin Sen tic it the nc \t session of Gongnss
Mi KENT tailed up ioi consideiation the fo'
lowing itsolutio i, submitted by him ycsteiday
Resnlied, Dial the Gomrm'tce on Militaiv Af
fiius niqunc into the (xpedieney of making an
appioond on foi the lmmediitc (ommi ncenitnt
ol fortifuations on Jit laitipsco, it the <ity of
Annapolis, md at bt Maiv s, all deemed essential
by tin boaid of engine us uitliin ltpoit, daud
tilt 9Ü1 ot 1 i biuiuv, 1821,loi thtsetuiuy of tin
eitiisof Balumoit and iniidpolis, and foi the
piot ttion of tht commtitc oí the Chesapeake
Bay
Mi KENT bucfly oxpHimd his vnws of tht
licit ssity and miptn 1 u 11 of tin fo tifi atio is
uid e etcd in the r so'ution ti th itv t Hilti
iiioio Thitcitv (In. stid) wis tvtnnowin i
moic dele s._le ss tondition thm tvnsntth last
woi Emm its poeuli u situ ition ltwasso ice e s
iblf tl an i m my tint it could c isüy be i ipimtd
by avtij ¡>mill fence Hi did notolTti tht uso
lution fiom inj apoitlunsion of win, alth iut h
oui ulations to ton ign Pow tis \n it b\ no mt ins
sort lfu asfoimuly Cut it bthoovi d apiudtnt
Gov lnmtnt 'in pt i( i to piiputfoi wai " Tht
rtsokitiou vv is then adopttd
IRFNCI1 SPOLIATION BIIL
The CIIV1R having announctd the spend
6idti, b< nig tilt bill to pi ividt tompi nsation foi
Fitinh spoliations tomniittid puoi to 18U0,
Mi HILL lose and said Mr Ptesidmt,
timing tht b'loit Unit 1 hue bw n a mtmbci ot
tht Vnuc,l hut distovi ud thiU lanns puftiu d
to Congitss stand a ninth bettu tilinte of
success tin i it pii tuicd to almost anj o'liti tu
bunal In fui t it h«s become i m itn t of gi nti il
remaik, that win n ukimi < n tht public is bofotv.
Congicss,su( ess de pi nds h ss on its jusiki th ui
on the pcis v lanit with win h it i^ puisucd
It is consul ndlittlf disi om igtintnt that ill it
di nial by oik (ominittte is givm to i cl urn, tht
Sum (laim is fitqutntly at tin bim session pu
kind in inolliu In tilth of tht LigisUtiui , i id
If it dots, not thtit sucuul,itis silt to bt foi
lowed up at i Intuit sessi >n Hit viluc ol
pt ist vi lanci is th tnonsti Ui d in noit su t sstul
casts th in that of \m\ DudinVhoi ,which,
aíti i h tvm0 b ui bi.rn.Jit up m tin Toutnils
yi ai by ytiu , foi at 1 istfutyyiu , was fin illy
[«ud 11 th ¡j ntious yi u of 1SJ2, win n tin it
wissogicitad sin t j gi t nd of as mu h money
as possible li (mi tin Ik isuiy, in oidu tint hi li
taxi s mi=ht be coiitiiiiud (oi tht benefit of pio
lectins; Am nc m m tnufactuii s '
Tht bill now untlt i considi íation piopo"eo to
taki dm ctly fiom the  J n asu y thuiound sum
of five millions ot doll us, not that fin millions ot
dolíais will tovn  tin   who!    amount that may
be (Iniiiitd— and  ten  turns 1m  millions would
si aid ly dc that on tht piun iph that etita u ( om
mutation elunis, pimeipil tnd inteiest, hid been
aliuuid by ( jn_,ii ss — intl this sum i> ti b<  ap
piopn ited in tin fust lnstim i  foi tht   btntfit of
" such ctUzinsof tht tjnitcd St tis.oi  to then
'Itgiinpns motives,  is h id \alul 11 urns to in
'dummy upon tht I unih Goiiinmmt,  irising
' out of i'l gil ta¡ tin  , th tenuous, fin Libit sti/
'uits, tli„d tonfisi itions,  md tondtmnations,
'inadt oi comiuittcd beftui  tin yiai lbUU '
'Hie tl mils foi which the bill of tht be n itc pi o
posea md< ninny ut of inn than tlmty tine
yea s'standing Although, dtningth wholetinie
suite 18lP the j hivt bun btfoit Congitss, it is
vuy ltmukabk tint it was not until th veai
1820 a itpoit in fivoi of then validity could bt ,
obtaimd m eithti Housi ot Congitss Such an
mstanci of ciuni, pist oi unjust, it is believed, is
not pitscnttd on tht t itc ot yom Journals since
the adoption oí the Constitution
That a po 11 n of these claims was ougmally
justly due fiom h i nice wih not bt d sputtd, noi
will it be disputed tint Amtuean citizens had I
tqtiaüy valid clums to indemnity uom the fiiitish
Ooninm nt " msin0 out of illegal captuits, de-
tent ons, ioi lble soi/uits, illegal cundtmnations, i
and lonfiseatious, made oi committed 'undti hti ,
oidei"in council, piioi to the c\i„tence of the late |
w u  of 1812      Tht  dttltiation  of iv u   I v tin
American Congios", 1i Tunc, 181?, pieclud* d tht j
pio poet of all lemu K   ttion  fre in GVat Bi tain
foi hti ill gal seizin(<•, as did the declaiat on of
w u against Fiance b) successive  lets oft   n   ¡
giesscr \U y 2b, July 7, and July 3,1798, uuthoi   i
izing tiit captiut of Flench   umed vestís,  mil |
daclaiuigsuchvossiIs to begoodand iawfulm zes, I
and detIdling th(   tuatits  tleietofoit couc'udtd !
MHli Pi met   to bt no lon0ei  obhgatoiy on tht j
Un ttd Sta ts                                                               '
I> t, how \ei just night h ivc been these tl urns .
on Eiance, Í flattti mystlf that it ni y bt madt |
abimdiitly ippaitnt to e\ ly lniputial and d s
mteitsttd man, th it tht Goteinmtnt of the Lin
ted &utis,in itb own be li ilr, ougntnotto be, uid
is not, ltsponsible foi tht p tymtnt oí one eti t of
them
In piesitutiug the m,oti ition wi icli ton a
lnaKdin tht tuaty of fetpti mbti 30, 1^00, tin
Ui ited Sta ( s accomphs led molt foi Vmtiicm
citiztns than could e\ei have been leisonibly
mu ipited, they sivetl an 'immense pi q el ty
of om citizens the i depending beft it th rienth
(ountiloiPi zes ' Tncpayi ltntofi v< nthis vi is
icsisttd by the Flench Goiei m n' until it \i is
piovi led I n to bi pud by tin United States them
sclvt s m the Louisian i tieaty
Uignig tin s( (linns, ipptals aic mide to mo
tuts (f btni\oltntc md iutm tni^y , thtyaitsid
tob long to  uidov/s audoiphms      Vnylittli,
it is apjiu In ndtd, is dm to tonsideiatioi s ot this
kt id      In ninety nun   c i^ s oí   i hunditd   it is
bthtved tint thtst   claims will go tu   swell   the
piohtt,  of   spetulitois   who   h iv     condition i ly
i n0!igi d to p u  fu thrill i nine tiifl  , oi to add
to the   est lit s of   a  fe\.   men who   havt  mult
immense wealth  is undi iw uttis, oi to the cnoi   1
mous  gtins   of   lisiuame compañas     Of the ¡
cas s ot sti/itn , piovidcd foi in this bill, it is not |
pi ib iblv v,oiug too lai to picsumo th it in mm
tieil ot eitiy twenty cists the leal ownci ol the
piopeity-was  not tne lose i       Vlihough the torn
in it   ol the coiuitiy,soonafu i ibe wai in Euiopt
consequent on tin  t until u\olotioi, i\ is much
il tuiupted by Stutuis uid spoliations, both by
tjiait Hutain   i id li met, yet tin    peiiod fiom
li9   to   1800   is  often   iiitn d to  by oui  mei
th uits ind slupowntis is  bi in/ tht time ot all
o litis \v i n tin y un tie nios mont\    Tin Am i
joins not only disposed of then  pi iduci   it  the
Junius  late, but tin v wen to t git it i xtent tin
i nuns of   tlu btlhg lint nations      £ In ttnipti
lions pit sent d in the Utilities Itn m iki ig money
wtit so gnat, th u it is not to bt wondi i  d if tht
Anniitins fitqutntly viol Utd that stmtly ntu
nil ih u ictti which should havt pioKit tl then
tuuimtienl mteiiouis   and h 1 itio is ^
Li iblt to lonstmt t iptuit oi detention, it is
picsumid that luí, vuv few, Amtiitin ships
«int to sta without unplt insuianci ag mist loss
by ciptuie, oi o hciwist Tht gitatlv m liastd
piofits ot A me m an business wuiin ed the p ly
mint of a luge nisiuante, and it the imount
pud foi msui um v, is lost in one \oyi t, it
wis nioi e thin ni ule up m tht piofits of otiici
10V igi s
I he und iwuttis md lnsmitce companies it
this tun found then o itisthuwst The puce
of insmanct it is i use I tv n gi atti in piopii
lion th in t'i usk—is high piobibly as fifteen,
twtnty, md in some instincts fifty pi i cent
Now, ilthou=h th st imam i^, taiiding m th
|)ldtt ol tht nisni d, m ty n ivt in tquit iblt tl um
on th n behalf upon the foieig i nation tint
should ill ^ illy su/e tin pioputyot a neutnl
individual, littl nght have they to e\ai t tiom
then ownLr iveinmt nt what would amount to in
tntm nivel of the \ hole usk If the cuunliy
should p ly tht entiit loss, so should theiountiy
bttntitl d to the gams of tht undei wut is Th it
the undeiwut is of th tinn ibove icftiitd to
lud the fount! ition ot lmint use foitu les by msu
lance ot ship„ md pioptitv on tlu high seas, is
abundantly piovtd by tht condition of some of
*Iiom   Walmigtont.  Pióclumatun oj  Deten/e? J   I b3
' \\ lioooevci o tilt cu i is ot the United Stan h lit ,
rend i himself hdble to pui iblim nt ui ¡oitemire untie r the
In el n in bvi mi ii tine ail \% o db 1U i ho nlilieq 1
t„ mist am o tin sulPotv orbicai in ' to tlicin am
otthosi irtitii wlncli nt /cernen c ntiaband by the mod i
eriu i¿ ot mtioi , wilt not reo ve the p >t ction ot the i
Lnitedftta.e  agaiiiutsuc  punedimeu or loiteituie "         I
the most ueilthy men in the northern Statcswl o
have 1 v d oi  still   ue living     This    mi n hue
iccumulattd wi ihh undci  nciy ti at)  that his
been mide by this Govt i uncut piocuui g md n
nitj foi spell itions, and it is si cb mi n, togi tnei
withothei wi iltny spttulito s a id coi p n itio l-.,
wno halt oougiit up thes  cl urns foi  \tnfli,v\ln
ue to bt bti efi i 1 by the pissige of this 1 w
Thtit ait ftw p m wiJows oi oip ans that ui'l
dciivt idi intngt fiom any poition of tlu ítnm  ns
sum tint tie bill aipiopuatis     If one ship m
hiet of tv ly ship that suli d had bc< n c iptui  d,
I itithn wei   tlu undeiwiittisnerowui is of such
'■'nps the loséis, ioi the fust íeceiv d mile t'i in
the  fuil amount of  loss, and the   othtis   madt
gicat i piofits than th v cou'd in a time of pio
fouid peace in the advanced pute oi  the mei
clnnd "t shipped
Ml Pifsideiit, tht le is little wondi i that these
clums foi tin i v fivi yea s should lave fu' d
to o' tun th tivotable íepoit if a commi te
Should thio lili pass, it in ed nit be mutci ot
stupiis if othi i clums of a similu chaiactci
should f 11 in then intil it shall appi ai th t the
Un ted Statts, as > t,hive just begun to dis
thugt the nation il debt H >w mmy m lhons
sacuficed by othei aontun lsusuillth Gonm
men* be not bound to dischug , if it justly owes
tlu clums pio  id d foi in this bill?
I sh ill cum nil, m th fust nlic , tint tin con
tioieis) wuJiEiin giving i ^ to tht s cl mis
tciinit ited in w ti and that is w n end d ill the
o! b^ ill ins of puoi ieatus,so thcio \i is on the
put of the Ameu m Goveimn nt nothing dut to
Ei in" i Inch (ould go for a consith i tion is m
( rpi \ all nt foi th o   tla ms
lln liemli Giunimi it usistod tin payment
of tin st tl inns when tht y \ieie íiist pii s( i tid,
on tht ^loimd th it wai h id put an end to them
Missis ElUwoith, Dun , and Mini ly tin \mei
lean ntgotntois, u pi ttiug thi di elu mon of the
Pusideiit ol the lunch conmission, m then
journal of b ptembei 12, 1S00, s ty, ' lit would
' soouti i sign th u sign such i titatv, (is th it
' thty piopostd,) iddmg, that l^ the question
' could be tl tiiinmtd by an ind (Tei nt nation,
' he was satisfi ¡1 such a tubtuTal would say, that
' tin puseiit stile of tin igs v, is u«, on the side
of imiuei, md tint no mdrmnilies lould be
'tlatmd Iht otiici two commissioneis made
' sumí u dtel u itions
lh  sim *, ntltni m, Siptnnbei 13,1800, says
" Hit Anient an Mmistiis, being now con
'vine d th it the d ioi was peifectly clos d i^imst
' all hop of c btdimng indennuties \\ ith any mod
1 lficUion of the tu ittcs " they pioictdtd to
negotiate without IV u, if the dooi w is closed
i^ unst^ll hope, w hat s u i mei for the tl inn uits
did fin Amencin GoMinmtnt make by a¿ictmg
no fuithti to piostcute thiol
Tht titity of Siptimbu 30, 1800, uas igieed
upon as tne best foi  4meutin citizens sufiei ng
undei Eiench spoil itions that coiud be piotuied
i he journal of  Vftssis   EHsmo th, Dme, aid
Mini ly,continues   '  "\oi is it contened th it tht
' titatits bttutcn the Umttd Statis and Eianct
' h ivt  ui dtigont  a  moit   inilbfynig   opti ition
'than tht condition  of wei  nituially imoes s
'D ubtle=s the congu ssi >n il ut mthou/mg 'hi
' liduttioii of flench tiuisus bv foice, v* is in
' aulho fation oj t an, limited mditd in its t\
' tent   but not m its natuit     Gleaily, also, then
' subsi qucnt act, dcclaung that the tuaties had
1 ct istd tobt obligttoiy, howevei pio¡>t i it nt ght
' be foi tht ltmoval of doubts, was but dcclvi itoiy
'of  tht attuilstite of thing-.     And ceitamlj i
' was only fiom an  tare otie oj the oonstdulional
' pieiojut li <f dulaiina wai that eii/tci oj litem di
' med luhdlty      bo that tht   ti   ities m question,
' hiving hid only the usual niopeiat on, might,
•  without a bleach of taith, havt the usu il lecog
' nition "
Mi Mmiay, (p f)o2, Senate Document 102,)
speaking of tne ti aty which had then been just
executed, si/s " Indemnities which wcit impos
'able, togithei witli the discussion about the
'abolished ticaties and cousulai convention, to
' slee p till a mine convenio it time "
Mt Munayag in, (p 67G,) "But hav ng no
' power to dispos of whit may be conaideied as i
' valuable claim  foi tin   futuie, although I do not
*  com>idct it as uoit'i a ouaiter per centum,'   o¿c
Again, same, (p 682,) " If tlv Scute meant
1 by striking out the second utiele of the tieaty
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

' io consider indemnity as worth nothing, then the
'business, I presume, is closed."
Again, same page: " The absolute want of value
in the prospect of indemnities."
From these  and  other like statements of the
negotiators of the treaty of September 30, 1800,
which was the  most favorable  for the United
States and its citizens that could be obtained, it is
evident that the treaty was negotiated on the basis
of a war; that this state of things had discharged
the French Government from all obligations to
make restitution for captures and seizures, as if
had the American Government from similar obli-
gations to France; and that, as a natural conse- '
quence, the American Ministers considered  the !
prospectof furtherindemnity to be worth nothing.
The character of the negotiation was this:
France was willing to consider that war had put
an end to all prior treaties, and of course to indem-
nities for their infraction. If the treaties were in
force, and indemnities for seizures and spoliations
were due to the Americans, so also something
was due to France from the United States for
their failure under the treaties. The result proved
that no indemnity could be obtained from France,
and therefore the negotiation terminated, on the
admission of both parties, that, as war existed, so
indemnity on all hands was abandoned.
Yet, in compliance with instructions from the
American Executive at home, the second section
of the treaty left the question of indemnity open,
or rather evaded the question. That section was
in the following words:
" Art. 2. The Ministers Plenipotentiary of
' the two parties, not being able to agree at pres-
' ent respecting the treaty of alliance of 6th of
' February, 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
' merce of the same date, and the convention of
' the 14th of November, 17S8, nor upon the in-
' demnities mutually due or claimed, the parties
' will negotiate further on these subjects at acon-
' venient time; and until they may have agreed
' upon these points, the said treaties and conven-
' tion shall have no operation; and the relations
' of the two countries rhall be regulated as fol-
'lows."
As the treaty was first concluded and ratified by
the French (government, including this second
article, all the objects of peace and reciprocal in-
tercourse were secured without giving up any
demand of our citizens for spoliations; and, at the
same time, an " immense property of our citizens
then depending before the French Council of
Prizes" was secured to American citizens.
The treaty or convention, duly signed, was sent
to the United States, and submitted by the Presi-
dent to the Senate. The Senate, February 3,
1801, consented to, and advised its ratification,
provided the second article be expunged, and the
following be added:
"It is agreed that the present convention shall
be in force for the term of eight years from the
time of the exchange of the ratification " It
was so ratified by the President.
Thus altered, the convention was sent back to
France, where the First Consul, complaining of
the alterations made by the Senate, agreed to
ratify it by adding the following clause:
" The Government of the United States having
' added to its ratification that the convention
' should be in force for the space of eight years,
' and having omitted the second article, the Gov-
' ernment of the French Republic consents to
'accept, ratify, and confirm.the above convention
' with the addition, importing that the convention
' shall be in force for the space of eight years,
'and with the retrenchment of the second arti-
'cle; provided that, by this retrenchment, the two
■ States renounce the respective pretensions which are
' the object of the said article."
After these conditional ratifications and their
exchange, President Jefferson submitted the con-
vention anew to the Senate, who resolved that
they consider it as fully ratified.
It is most obvious that, in expunging the sec-
ond article of the treaty, the Senate had no idea
of lessening the chance of securing anything that
might be legally due from France to citizens of
the United States; and it is equally obvious that,
in subsequently tacitly assenting to that article as
finally altered bv Bonaparte, neither President
Jefferson nor the'Senate of ■the United States for a
moment considered they were performing an act
which should thereafter make the American Gov-
ernment responsible to individuals for French
spoliations.
The act of expunging and otherwise changing
the article was performed in the last -month of
the elder Adams's administration. This first step
opemd the door for another change of the terms
of the treaty by Napoleon; and the new adminis-
tration of Mr. Jefferson, viewing even the terms
of the altered treaty as highly favorable to Amer-
ican citizens—more favorable, probably, than anv
new negotiation could open to them—readily
seized the opportunity of taking the treaty as
it was, rather than to throw all the advantages
gained at the mercy of future changes and vicis-
situdes.
Page 698 of the Senate Documents before
quoted, the French Minister,Talleyrand, repeats,
as the suggestion of Mr. Murray, the American
Minister, that the second article of the convention
of September, 1800, was expunged by the Amer-
ican Senate, under the idea that, if retained, it
would be " susceptible of producing disquiets in
' future, by promising noth mg but an ulterior and
'discordant negotiation." And Mr. Madison,
Secretary of State, in a letter'to Mr. Livingston,
before the Senate and President finally assented
to the convention, (page 708,) says: "I am au-
' thorized to state, that the President does not
' consider the declaratory clause (last introduced
' by Bonaparte) as more than a legitimate infei-
'ence from the rejection by the Senate of the
'second article; and that he (the President) is
' disposed to go on with the measures due under
' the compact to the French Republic."
The American Government dj,d go on to execute
that compact. March 20, 1801* the Secretary of
the Navy directed S. Iligginsou & Co. to restore
the Berceau frigate, captured by Captain Little.
The Vengeance and the Insurgente frigates were
also restored; the latter, having been lost, by
substitute. The convention provided for the
restoration of public ships taken on both sides—
also, that all ships and property captured, and
not definitively condemned at the time of the
negotiation, should be mutually restored. The
Government of the United States, as stated by
Mr. Madison, paid Mr. Pichón, the French
Minister, on the general account, £140,841 2o,
and to individual French subjects, $74,G07 41.
(See doc. p. 720.)
But France delayed restitution, although sol-
emnly bound by the convention of September 30,
1800, until the claims came to be thought of little
value' Applications for payment were often
made, and as often denied or evaded. Restitu-
tion was indeed made by the subsequent treaty
of 1803, by whicha title to Louisiana was acquired.
This lestitution would not,even then, have been
made, had it not come inconveniently to France,
as a part of the nominal price paid for the cession
of that valuable Territory. Of this price, Bona-
parte, deprived as he was of the maritime forces
to protect it, considered the money actually paid
as a full equivalent, without including the amount
allowed for spoliations under the convention of
1800. He, in fact, set Ins own price to his Min-
ister,'Barbe Marbois, at fifty millions of francs,
when the latter succeeded in obtaining of Messrs.
Livingston and Monroe sixty millions of francs
in cash, besides twenty millions, allowed for the
spoliations. It was considered at the time, that
all which was gained to the American claimants
for French spoliations and seizures in the Louis-
ianatreaty was to them clear gain. ' Their elaims
were believed to be hopeless; and the Opposition to
the American Administration opposed the execu-
tion of the treaty on account of the alleged " out-
rageous price" paid for the Territory ceded.
In the correspondence relative to the execution
of the Louisiana treaty ¡ the twenty millions of
francs allowed and paid the claimants are men-
tioned as " covering all the claims" of the Ameri-
cans for illegal spoliations and seizures; and m
these twenty millions other claims were included
than those first comprehended in the list pre-
sented by the American Minister. (See Talley-
rand's letter to Livingston, doc. p. 8'29.)
Mr. Livingston says, sixteen millions would
have covered " the debts confined to the words
of the convention." Four millions, then, must
have been paid to persons whose claims were not
acknowledged by France to be legitimate.
Citizen Pichón, the French Minister, wrote
that cases of capture by the French West India
cruisers are included in the fpurth article of the*
treaty, and are ordered to be restored.'
Barbé Marbois (doc. p. 826) says, " The sum
' of twenty millions of francs had been deteroi-
' incd on in order to extinguish the whole Jimeri-
' can claim, and the interest up to the day of the
'treaty."
The restitution of property under the conven-
tion of April 30, 1803, applied to captures of
which the council of prizes had ordered a restitu-
tion—to debts contracted prior to the 30th Sep-
tember, 1800, the payment of which had been
claimed of the Govemmmt of Fiance, and for
which the creditors have a right to the protection
of the Government of the Ui.Ued States; and it is
expressly stated that " it does not comprehend
prizes whose condemnation has been or shall be
confirmed."
Now, it is quite apparent from the face of these
exceptions, that they arc precisely such, as the
French Government never would have paid if they
had been left for negotiation till doomsday; they
were either such as had been adjudicated and
condemned for a positive infraction of the laws
of neutrality, or else they were such as were cap-
tured, tried, and condemned under an actual state
of war between the two nations.
It is remarkable that neither in the successive
reports, from 1826 down to the present time. of_
committees friendly to these claims, nor in the
elaborate essay of Mr. Walsh's Quarterly Re-
view in their favor, are the indemnities provided,
for in the convention of April, 1803., mentioned
as at all connected with the spoliations and seiz-
ures made by France prior to the year 1800.
Why this omission ?
1 think I have not mistaken the character of
the contest between this country and France prior
to the treaty of September 30, 1800. That con-
troversy was, to all intents and purposes, a war.
I cannot present a more faithful account of that
controversy and the subsequent events which have
given rise to the bill now before the Senate, than
by making quotations from the history of the
cession of Louisiana to the United States, written
by Barbé Marbois, the translation of which was
first published in this country in the year 1830.
That inflexible republican, like the illustrious
La Fayette, equally the friend of his own countrv
and of this Republic, still lives, at the advanced
age of between eighty and ninety years, to wit-,
ness the benefits his labors have bestowed on
mankind, in being instrumental in ceding to the
United States that extensive tiact of country.
In behalf of the French Government, he was
the sole negotiator with Messrs.^Livingston and
Monroe, of the Louisiana treaty. He says, (p.
234:)
" it is necessary to go back á fow years, in
' order to understand the object of this impoitaut
' part of the negotiation, [the indemnity for spo-
' liation.] The interests of commerce, colonial
' settlements, and navigation, have effected great
' changes in the reciprocal relations of the nations
' of Europe. The independence of the United
' States has rendered them still more complicated.
' But such changes are not often remarked by
' statesmen themselves, till they have committed
' great faults by persevering in old errors.
" The directory, led astray by false notions o'
' the situation of the French colonics, had not
' remarked that their existence depended upon the
' preservation of a good understanding with the
' United Stales. Instead of reestabhshingfriendly
' relations with the American Union, it had, after
' more than once putting: it in jeopardy, finally
' broken the alliance which had been the precious
' fruit of the policy of the councils of Louis XVI.
' Mutual discontent had not yet resulted m di-
' reet hostilities ; but oven ill peace captuies weie
' made by privateers, bearing the French flag,
' which became the subject of great complaints
' on the part of the United States. It was, like-
' wise, at this period that the first disasters of the
' French colonies led to the emigration of many
' families, who from great opulence had fallen
' into deep distress. Numbers of them took
' refuge in the United States. Never was hospi-
•tahty more nobly exercised than under these
' circumstances; never were more sincere and
' effectual consolations offered to misfortunes by
' a grateful people. This generosity towards
' refugees, the objects of the persecutions of the
' directory, was not regarded by its members as
64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
'a motivo foi íeeonciliation with the American
' Republic     They had inheiited the animosities
' of the convention, and the West Indian possess
' ions weie thevictims of them     These colonics,
' prospeious in time of peace, arc exposed to nil
' sorts of calamities as soon as the wai breaks
' out    Then inteicouise is mttnupted, a paicnt
' State, w eak at sea, can neithei supply them with
' piovisions noi cxpoitthen pioduee, and is most
' frequently mc paole of defending them     Ift'iey
' resoit to ncutials, this iclaxation of the prohib
' ltoiy system habituates the colony to privileges
'which make them look on tin   i turn of peace  ¡
'with mdificicncc     The dinctoiy, in oidei  to  j
' matntun then prohibitoiy lvvvs, had peimittcd
' the local authouties to piovidefoi the picseiva
' tion of the colonics by aiming prívateos, and  j
'these agi nts cncouiagcd them lndtsciimm itciy
' to fall on til flags    riiey came d then disn B\id
' of the i ules of justice and the laws of nations so
' fai as to condemn, as lawful pnzes, ships that
' had entered thi pons with subsistence and pio
visions lntonde d foi the inh ibitants of the is] ends
' thatthey governed   Vietoi Hughes, one of these
'colonial  nileis, openly ptofessed  and  put  m ¡
' piactice the mavim, that, ' in time of want, all
' kinds of piovisions u< good pn?c ' ThcAmei
' it an Govcinme nt, bo'bic commencing host litu s
'wuli   1 íanec, wished   to exhuist  all  pacifc
'measuns   it had sent thenee ministois (Mcssis
' Pinckncy, Mai snail, md&c i j. ) t) the dnettoi v,
'towaids th    end ot the  yeai   1797     On  tin a
'auival at Pans, they weie encumvented by all
' soits of mingues      Then   coiicsponde nee  is a
' monument of the   base* mamici  in  which  the
' Fren< h Government, at that time, managed then  |
' political alkalis     'The  most disgi ic< ful cupid   I
'lty,' they wioto  to thin   constituents,  ' \v i    '
'openly manifested  at Pans     The  Amiucaii
' commission! rswcie told thit' then Government
' paid money to obtain peace with the Algeuncs
'and with th    Indians, and that it uas doing n> i
' moie to pay i/ioice. hi peace '
"Tlusnegotiatnn listed foi sixorseve n months,  I
1 it wis hi ok n ofFu hen it was found impossible
' to continue it on sueh i nonious pimciple«   * ^
" I hi animosity was still hick ising m 17°/<),
'when  Congioss, iciiouncmg vim attempts  at
' modiiation, i solvit! that  ill niti i com sc with 1
' 1 lance should be suspended, that the  treaties
' had icasid to be obhgatoiy , and that the cap
' Hue of I ii in h vi ssi Is w is peí mitti d "                 ,
Thus lai the  Itisfoinn  distinctly and  ionclu
sive ly stati s two impoitant f icts ni iteual to the ]
que stion of indemnities    Fh   one is, tint thealk
ancc (tnatiesol 1778) lias bi ol en by  11 unce—tie
ollin, that a   late of actual uui, jiom //it actun tf
Coimas, cjitiul bitxiein 1 ante  and the   United
ktalib     M   M ubois i ontiniiis—
" tiom th< bcginum, of t'n Consulu Govein
mi nt, i wise policy hid  put i stop to ill n pn
'sals   a e onveution had be < n Mnnod on tin   30th
'Sept mb l, lr.00   but accoidmgto a sti])ulation,
'without which  tin   it i oni illation would   hi\i
bein impos ibl , indi mn tusvv  íetobi paid fu
•all puz b  nnlHifully maih      [Muik  hcie  tin
' ch u ic   i oftheindi innities,distinguishing thos
' which wcr   unlawfully fiom such as tin  1 imeh
' consultnd ¡uopcily in all  ]   Muusteis had hem
' subs quentij  niti ii hanBid, and tin  Lnvoy of
'tin United butts (Mi   Livingston)  hid mini
Mated on piompt sitisf u tion      Xheioinmunii i
' tions winch he   iddiesseil  (o his Government
'authou/id this hope   but tin i \pcctat on1- weie
' noticah/<d, and ni futth    finances of  Planee
' had scuicclj begun to oniugc from tlie elnos m
'wluehth   b id g >vcii mmtof the Dncetoiy h d
' plunged them
• ' J ins paii of the convenía not 1800, tin ir foie,
' lemained uneYeeutcd and this ci ntempt of the
' most oidmai} iuI sol ptsttct i un dthcgcneial
'lrntation in the United states to its gicttest
'height I ii< PiPsidcnt and Ins Ceoinct, com
'promiltidb) then modeiation, weie beginning
' to maki then lepioiehis heed, md ulkcd ot
' doi lg th uiselve  th justice th it was lcfusid
'them 1 ¡it viiiuKtii vlmistu at Puis hid
' rcc iv d Old is to make this discontent known,
' and Ins not s  e re di iivn up with a fiinmess to
'which Bonapailc wis not aciu&tomi d If oí e
' ot the continent il Powers of Fuiopo had daied
' to emplo} similai language, the mvasien of its
'terutoiy would have been the consequence '
*   *   *   " As the notes of Mi  Livingston, the
'American Mimstei, icmained unansweied, the
'mjuied meichants and shipowners lost then
' patience, aid muimuied against then Govern
' ment The enemies of Plane in the United
' Statns, attentive to the general discontent, hoped |
'to avail themselves of it in oidei to foicc tin,
|| ' Union into an all  tnee w ith England '                  |j
Hi ie it will be obseived that the soli object of  |
i   complaint by the '  nquied mc chants" was the
'   lion execution of 'he convention of Septembei JO,
1800, le iving it plainly to be inferied that at this
I time they did not think of asking fmthei mdem
niticsthan tint convention piovidcd
The wntei goes on to d tan the events which
accompanied  the shutting up the poit of New
Oilcans, pi oducma: stiong excitement in the vest
cin Stati s, ind ci at ng an anxiety to s cuic the
me lipvigition of the Mississippi on the put of
thoUmtid Stites of the oni side, ind the p u'
ous condition of this Frenih colony in else wai
should bicak out -nd rendu it an easy pny to
tin Bntisli m intime supeiiouty on the othei side
Events weie impending on both sides which ien
di icd it not less des íablc that the United States
should  icqune, than that Fiance should dispose
of, the teuitoiy of Louisnna at much less than
whit has since piovcd to b< its value     Aecoid- j
in_,lv, it the same time that Mi   Jclicison and his  I
Cabin t wt ie taking seeietmiasuics to pinchase
11 pait of Louisi ma, ind Mi   Monioc was sent
ti ud ill tin  piuchisi, Bonapntc was iiigm-, his
Mimst ltomiki piopositious, and foice the sile
to  the Unit d  Stite" of the vv hob n^ht Planee
possessed m  thetcmtoiy      The  histonan con
tmues, (p  27"' )
" The eoiiieienCt s began the same day betw een
'Mi Livingston mil M Baibe Maibois,to whom
' the Pn st Consul confided this negotiation But
'the \m liem Mmistn hid not the nceessaiy
'powers He had icsidul i. Pans about two
' ytais The fust objectof his mission h id been
' mil in u i ties 11 nnicd by hiseountiyini n foi pnze s
' made by the Pieiich duun0 peac ' that is, in-
demnities uiidi i the convention ot ¡Siptcnibci, ,
30, 1800
In tin m< in time, Mi Monioe had iriued I
bunging full powiisto ncgotiati As it is my
objeit to confine myself to the subject of in-
demnities is mu h as possible, I omit i i elation
ot conf icnccs ibout pncts offend ind ask d I
foi the lcmtoiy The authoi pioeeeds, (p
JOS )
" I he i onveution of tin 30th of Siptciibu,
' 1800, had for its ob¡ et tin sccuinig it ii tupio
' e il sitisf ictioii to the eiti/e ns ot the two States,
' mil the piev ntinj; is ^u as possiblt, of any
' th ng th it i otild foi the futuii allí 11 tin ir go id
' und ist Hiding Wi there lind the pinciple,
' tin wi (loin, and th ligdity ot which onlyone
'n mm m tin woild disputes 'tint fice ships
' nmki liei ^oods, although they aie the piopcity
' ot an enemy '
" A speual piomise had bien given to pay the
(d bts itism^ fiom uquisitions, scizuies, and
'oiplui s, ui id in time of peace but the e^ecu
' tion of th agi mi nt had not followi d the
' tr vty I il two jiais mil i hall tin Mnustei
'of tin tliitid States hid bun iiiteiatmg his
!i cl mutton, mil dem Hiding m vain the up n i
' tion of thisc lossi s
I     " ih   c ssion of Liuisiana ifforded the means
I ' of ii ahzing piomists that had bi en so long lllu
sory Til Amciicaiisi onsentcd to ¡ ay eighty
' milli ins of fi uics, on condition that twmty
' millions of this sum should bi assigned foi the
' piynii nt of what uas ihujiom Iumce to tlu ati
' zens oj the United Statii
| " The iw ) Minis us fixed this condition of an
' md ninity n ¡vv nty millions of flanes and they
' piobably exputed tint tin v would be nquiicd
'to stite th ki unds of the estimate, m older
'tint they might be discussed md a iiduction
'cfhcteii But no opposition was nude and it
' wis instantly agieed tint the amount should be
' dedui ted fiom that of the cighiy millions The
' intention of tclm^Mblung all Jmmei claim's uas
' since) e on liotli sides T he i ound sum e f tvv ( nty
' millions, wis vidcntlj an i stima ( foimed on
' icasonabIcconjccuuts,and could notbeanabso
'lutcicsult estihlishid by documents But the
' Ameucan negotiator ugiecd that, if there was
'any difference, the amount íatlici exceeded than
' fell shoit of the"" clums, and the Fiench Pleni   '
I ' potential y gave assurances that in no case should
'this excess be claimed by Fiance Thus the
' n snectiv   di iriunds were easily agi eed to "
Again, (p 311 )
" The Fust Consul had followed, with i lively
' interest, the piogicss of this negotiation It
' will be recollected that he hid mentioned fif y
' millions as the puce which he had put on the
' cession and it miy well bo bekeved that he did
' notcxpecito obtnn so laigcasum He learned
' tl at eighty milhons had been agieed on but that
' thev weie leduced to sixty by the icduction
' stipulated to be pievio isly nude for the settle-
' nent of the debt due by Prince to the Amen
'cans Then foigettmn-, ot ieignnig to foigei,
' the consent that he had given, he said with vi
' vacity to the Tienelí Mmistei—'I would tint
' these tvvi nty millions be paid into theTieasury
' Who h is iutnon7ed you to dispose of the
' money of the State' "Ilie nshts of the clum
' mts cannot come befon, oui own ' This fust
'excitement was calmed os he was brought to
'leeollect that he hid previously consented to
' tie it foi a much smallei sum th m the Tieasuiy
'would icceive, without including the twenty
' millions indemnity for the prizes ' It is Hue,'
' ho said, ' the negotiation does notlea\e one my-
' thing to des ie sixty millions for m occupation
' that will not, peihaps, last but a dav ' I would
' th it Fiance should enjoy this u lcxpected capi-
' til, and th it it may be employed in woiks ben-
' efvcia1 to liei manne ' "
If wc lcgaid the statement of \1 Maibois as
containing the ficts, we must believe it to be the
m i st cii mc in th woild that the American
meieh mts ever did receive the indemnity ot
twenty millions of flanes ISanoleon Bonapaite,
to the last mom m of his life, while hi was at wai
with the lest of Euiope, would not have taken
tint sum out of his tieasuiy to pay these claims
Sixtj millions ot flanes, th sum paid into the
Fie ne Ii tic isu y, wasai' Pon ipaitc would have
aisked foi Louisnna Tine twenty millions paid
was so much money of the Ameucan people gen
eiously mil gratuitously bestowed by then Gov-
ernment, toi which the undeiwnteis, and otheis
who piofited by the boon, an sea cely disposed
to think us and they would even wink this sum
out ef sight in their lageuiess to giasp moie foi
cl tuns whose foundation, to say the least, is ex
tiemely doubtful
But, Mi Picsident, if thcic was the least roo n
to doubt tint wu h id put an cud to all right of
md mnity fiom Fiance, it will be easy to show
th it the United St tes iicvei fust xulated an) en
gagement u ith Prance in a mintici that claimed
ñ im us an indemnity
I «ie it asseited in a nt wspaper of th s citj,
copied fiom a Boston nevvspap r, cxpicssmg the
feelings, piobibly, of some of those interested in
these clums, that Unity foui yeais ago oui own
Government sold to the Fiench Goiemment a gieat
mioiint ot clums of oui own citizens on Funce
foi indemnity, and received pay foi them, and
released Fi nice fi oui ill obh0 lfions to pay the
cKiin mts, whose demands weie acknowledged to
be just by both nations
In the fiist place, I deny that this Goveiment
i ver sold ti the Fiench Government the claims
of oui citizens This Government had done its
whole duty to the claimants—it Ind piessed the
cl limb as far and as long as it was bound to do,
and if, it length, it agieed to picss them no
fmthei, it wis to pioiuie indemnity, not for
itselt, but for otln rs, and mmy of the selfsame
clum au's, which i idemnity otherwise would
h ive been uttetly hopi less, and lost to them foi
evci
To the declaiation, that this Government ie
ccived piyment foi these cl inns, I inswer that
if no cl urns of citizens of the Umteel States
amiuit Piance had existed, it is quite certain the
United States would have proeur d as good a            «
tieaty with Iiance as that of the convention of
Septembei 30, 1800 and that lionet would hive
laid in no claim wh never for an alleged mfiac-
tion of prior tieati s on oui part
It is said these demands weie acknowledged to
be just by both nations The Ciuai telly Review
says "Ihe Trench Government did not deny
• too justice of these demands, they even offeied
' to make arrangements to compensate the los&es,
' but they had claims upon the Government of
'the United Stites, which they insisted upon
' taking into consideration, and they íefused to
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND  PUBLISHED   AT THE  CITY OF  WASH-INGTON,   BY BLAIR & RIVES.
Second Session, 23d Congress.
* enter into any agreement unless these claims-
' were provided for."
I have nowhere seen evidence that France, at
any time, conceded these claims to be just. The
statements of the Quarterly Review are fallacies.
Was not the refusal to pay them—was not the
first ratification of the treaty with the second ar-
ticle by Bonaparte, which made no provision for
payment, tantamount to a denial and a rejection
of these claims ? To be sure. France would have
no objection to making provision for the payment
of just such a sum as the American Government
might ask for these claims, provided the United
States would agree to pay France an equal or
greater sum for alleged infractions of prior trea-
ties; and this is the whole amount of conces-
sion which France has ever made to these claim-
ants.
If these claims, as preferred against the United
States, possess any merit, it is that the United
States have received of France for them an equiv-
alent. The equivalent is alleged to be the dis-
charge, by France, of the prior obligations con-
tained in sundry recited treaties.
One gentleman [Mr. Webster] says that, " by
' a treaty of the-United States, the Government
' of the United States, for a valuable consideration,
' released France from these claims"—that the
United States were relieved from " onerous stip-
ulations of the treaties of alliance and commerce
with France of 1778"—that " these claims were
relinquished for considerations which were valu-
able to the whole people of the United States"—
that these claims were " released as a set-ofl'
against the infractions of the treaties of alliance
and commerce with France."
Another Senator [Mr. Preston] says this claim
on the American Government " is irresistible,"
because, by the aid of the release of the claims on
France, " the American Government extricated
itself from the most embarrassing circumstances"
—that "this Government offered three times the
amount of this bill to be relieved"—that "we
have used the property of these people for pur-
poses of the Government"—that " we have used
the money for State purposes."
A third Senator [Mr. Shepley] says he " can
' prove that the Government might have obtained
' reparation for these claims of France if it had
' chosen todoso"—that'payment wasnotobtained
" because France set up counter claims for al-
leged violations of her treaty of alliance''—that
" there cannot be found a more perfect set-off than
in the set-off of these two claims."
The Senators may all rest assured, that if these
claims had neverexisted, in negotiating the treaty
of September 30,1800, France never would have
thought of preferring a claim for any inflection of
her treaties of alliance and commerce. Neither,
if these claims had not been made, should we
ever have heard that the contest subsequent to the
act of Congress declaring the treaties at an end
was not war to all intents and purposes. Why,
Congress, by a solemn act, declared the treaties
of alliance and commerce to have been at au.und;
and yet gentlemen, to make out any plausibility
to these claims of the United States, are obliged
to declare those treaties to have been in force,
Mr. President, I will proceed to show thauhero
was no infraction of the treaties by the United
States; that there were no '• onerous stipulations"
violated by this Government; and by consequence,
that there was no '< valuable consideration" ever
received by the United States as a set-off against
these claims.
" Pacifieus," No. 2, written by Alexander
Hamilton, (and surely gentlemen will consider
him good authority,) in justification of President
Washington's proclamation of neutrality, of
April, 1793, says, (Federalist, p, 561;)
" The alliance between the United States and
«France is of the defensive kind, in the caption
« of the ti eaty it is denominated a' treaty eventual
'and defensive.' In the body (article second)
< it is called a defensive alliance. The words oí
' that article are as follows: ' The essential and
• direct end of the present defensive alliance is to
MONDAY, DECEMBER 29,-1834.
Volume 2....No. 5.
* main tain effectually the liberty, sovereignty, and
'independence, absolute and unlimited, of the
' United States, as well in matters of government
' as of commerce.'
"France then being on the offensive in the
' present war, and our alliance with her being
' defensive only, it follows that the casus federis, or
'condition of our guarantee, cannot take place;
' and that the United States are free to refuse a
'peiformance of that guarantee, if demanded."
General Hamilton contends that, even if the
war with Great Britain had not been an offensive
war on the part of France, the United States,
under the peculiar circumstances, would not have
been bound by the guarantee. In favor of this
position he says, (page 570:)
" We may learn from Vattel, one of the best
' writers on the law of nations, that ' if a State
' which has promised succors, finds itself unable
' to furnish them, its very inability is its exemp-
tion; and if the furnishing of succors would cx-
' pose it to an evident danger, this is also a lawful
' dispensation. The case would render the treaty
' pernicious to the State, and thereforemot oblig-
' atory. But this applies to an imminent danger
' threatening the safety of the State. The case of
1 such a danger is tacitly and necessarily reserved
' in every treaty.' "
Taking this quotation from Vattel to be sound
doctrine, it would be difficult to discover where
were the " onerous stipulations" from "which the
United States obtained a discharge, by not con-
senting to piosecute claims which the American
Ministers had in repeated instances pronounced
to be hopeless, and of no value.
Even Mr. Madison, in his letters of " Helvid-
ius," who espoused the side of the Republican
party, at that time m opposition to and in answer
of the same letters of Hamilton, and took the
ground most favorable to France, did not contend
that the United States had violated the guarantee
in the treaty oí alliance by abstaining from the
protection of the possession by France of her
VVest India Islands, &c. Indeed, it does not
appear, either here or elsewhere, that France at
any time specifically demanded the performance
of the guarantee; and without such demand.it
is abundantly evident no obligation was violated.
What was complained of by the Republicans
who were friendly to the French revolution at the
time, was the spirit of hostility to that revolution,
and the partiality for the Powers arrayed against
France, then contending single-handed, which
was evinced by some of the leading members of
the existing American Administration.
" Veritas," a writer in the National Gazette
of June, 1703, speaking of Washington's procla-
mation of neutrality, says:
" As the proclamation has not the most distant
' allusion to the treaties existing between France
' and the United States, there is room for sunnis-
' ing that those treaties, from which wc have long
' enjoyed important advantages, are now to be
' considered, of no obligation; and this, I believe,
' is the light in which many have construed the
* proclamation."
Washington's proclamation was indeed worse
than anything charged at the time by its enemies,
if it could be supposed that it placed the United
, States in the plight of having violated her most
! solemn treaty engagements; and she must have
I so violated them, under this proclamation, if the
! allegations be true that she was, by the treaty of
i September 30, 1800, " extricated from the most
i embarrassing circumstances," as is contended by
i one Senator, [Mr. Preston,] or if in that treaty
| we received that " valuable i onsideration'' in full
i relief from " onerous stipulations," as is con-
! tended by another, [Mr. Webster.]
! Dunlap's Daily Advertiser, published at Phila-
: delphia, of April 2'.), 1793, says:
j " The (French) National Assembly, in their
' ' letter to Monsieur Genet, if we have a true copy,
i < appear to entertain the idea that we are not so
j ' situated as to be expected to participate in the
| ' war. The Government of France have not made
! ' any requisition of the kind that we know."
A writer in the same paper, June 10, says t
" There is not a single article in either of those
' (treaties) subsisting between the United States
' and France, wherein it is stipulated that we
' shall join France in case she shall be involved
' in war. The clause of guarantee implies notan
'agreement to enter into war, but only that the
' United States shall use their reasonable endeav-
' ors to maintain the French in their possessions ."
Same paper: "Now, sir, this same minister,
' (Genet) told you, on his arrival, that it was not
' the wish of the nation he represents to involve
' us in the war."
Mr. Jefferson, in a letter, August 1G, 1793,
says that Citizen Genet assured the President,
assured the citizens of Philadelphia, and repeated
this assurance, "that on account of our remote
' situation and other circumstances, France did
' not expect that we should become a parly to the war,
' but wished to see us pursue our prosperity and
' happiness in peace."
The French Minister who negotiated the Louis-
iana treaty confesses that France first broke the
alliance between the two countries; and even the
duarteriy Review says France armed against
us, and seized immense amounts of our property,
and was the first to violate existing treaties. And
yet it was our violation of existing treaties that
constitutes our obligation to her for the payment
of which these claims are urged to be an offset!
The convention of September 3Ü, 1800, removed
the evils of war which then existed; and this was
the first object of that convention on the part of
the United States. The American negotiators
wished indemnity for all spoliations that took place
prior to the several acts of Congress which au-
thorized the capture and condemnation of French
i ships and property on the high seas, and which
declared all existing treaties .between the two
countries to be at an end; and they made a dis-
tinction between the claims originating before,
and those arising after, the act of Congress nulli-
fying the treaties with France; but the French
envoys would consent to no distinction.
The first project of a treaty exhibited by the
American envoys proposed that "full and com-
plete compensation" should be made for captures
on both sides. Now, if the American Govern-
ment is bound to make compensation to Amer-
icans because France was bound, arid she stands
in the place of France, on account of the alleged
offset, is not the American Government also bound
likewise to make restitution to Frenchmen for its
own captures? The Senate report of May 24,
1828, admits that eighty-four French ships were
captured by the Americans, of which sixty-eight
(valued at $(¡00,000) were condemned—one half
to the captors, the other to the United Stales.
Was this property ever restored to France ? If
not, will it not be the duty of France to claim it,
and our duty to pay it,'after this Government
shall have stood in her place to make restitution
for the property she has taken from American
citizens under like circumstances?
It is said our Government appropriated these
claims to us own use, by making them the " val-
uable consideration" fo.- which it obtained a re-
lease from the obligations incurred by the early
treaties with France; but it n evident, from the
fact that the treaty vas fully ratified on the part of
France, without a discharge of the claims, that the
| French Government placed no value whatever on the
I nominal obligations of the American Government,
I contained in those ancient treuhes.
!      Considering that the United States violated no
! obligation to  France, and that, if there was any
I violation, ¡t was on the part of France, who first
' broke the alliance, where will the principle lead,
j if the American Government now makes restitu-
| tion for the remaining claims on  France, that
I were not provided for in the convention of 1800,
1 and secured to be paid in the convention of 1603?
' If, by consenting no further to urge that poition
of the claims which the French Government would
1 never have allowed, this Government has become
i responsible itself for the claims—if, to purchase
ii peace, and secure other claims to the amount of
m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
twenty-millions of francs, the United States, as
for this "valuable consideration," became re-
sponsible—so is it clearly and equally responsi-
ble, hereafter, to make restitution for the thou-
sand ships and millions of property seized by
Great Britain, under her orders in council, prior
to the declaration of war by Congress, in 1812.
Up to the last moment of the negotiation with
Great Britain, the American commissioners con-
tinued to insist on a restitution for those seizures.
To obtain peace, however, I find they did give
th¡3 up. Niles's Register of February 18, 1815,
presents, as taken from an English newspaper,
the following, as one of the terms of peace:
"The Americans have waived any stipulation
' on the subject of maritime rights, as well as re-
' specting compensation for captures under the orders
' in council, or on any other account."
The British Government, however, did agree
to make compensation for slaves, and other prop-
erty seized on the land. It also recognized the
treaty of peace of 1783, so far as related to pos-
sessions and boundary, with a single exception;
and with equal truth might it be urged that the
treaty of peace of 1783 existed and was in force
while war existed with Great Britain, as now it
is urged that the treaties of alliance and com-
merce between Prance and the United States
existed, and were in force during the negotiation
of the French convention of September 30,
1800.
" Compensation for captures under the orders
in council, or any other account," was waived
by the American commissioners at the treaty of
Ghent. Here is even a stronger case than is pre-
sented in the treaty of September 30, 1800; for
the American negotiators agreed at once to yield
the millions of " valid claims" to indemnity,
" arising out of illegal captures, detentions, for-
cible seizures,illegal condemnations, and confis-
cations, made or committed" by Great Britain in
time of peace, for the " valuable consideration"
of peace, which saved millions of blood and treas-
ure to the country. Here is a " set-off" to Amer-
ican claims quita as complete, and much more
direct, than the set-off in the French convention;
and why not at once make provision for the pay-
ment of all olaims for British spoliations, as well
as of all French claims, direct from our own
Treasury? Of these British, as well as of the
French claims, almost every Senator may say that
" a portion of my constituents—some of them
widbws and children and grandchildren—are in-
terested." Are these claims not, indeed, "irre-
sistible?"
But an honorable Senator [Mr. Shepley]
says, the United States once offered to pay five
millions of francs to be released from the obliga-
tions of the ancient treaties—and that France once
proposed to receive ten millions of francs for a
part, and thirteen millions for the whole, violation
of plighted faith. It is easy to conceive how these
offers might be made on either hand, although
neither party should consider its claim as of real*
value, it amounts to nothing more nor less than
this: The United States were willing to allow five
millions of francs (less than a million of dollars)
if France would consent to a restitution of all cap-
tures, seizures, and spoliations, on both hands;
und by such an arrangement no doubt we should
have, been great gamers. France was willing to
negotiate in a similar manner if the sum of nomi-
nal damage for alleged infraction of the ancient
treaties might be raised so much as to bring her
not greatly in our debt. As the parties could not
be brought to agree, it was quite natural that the
basis of anual war should be taken as the ultimate
ground of negotiation, and bona fide captures
(excepting public armed ships) were suffered to
remain in the hands of the captors. For such
captures tile bill provides restitution from our
own Treasury. The principle that would allow
them would allow restitution from our Treasury
for any und every capture made in any maritime
war that ever was waged.
The Senator from Maine says: " France offered
to submit all claims," including her extraordi-
nary claim for damages under the ancient treaties,
"to a commission," and to abide by the award
of that commission; but that the United States
refused. This was perfectly natural, if the com-
missioners for the United States believed, as was
the fact, that the French cHim for damages was
a men; finusse.    They did  as all prudent men
would do, when they declined to leave thatclaim
to be estimated and decided on by persons who
might be interested against them, and who might
place them under real obligations to pay for what
was really no consideration at all.
It is said that "claims precisely circumstanced
' like these, have been pressed upon France until
' she has consented to pay us twenty-five millions
1 of francs." The circumstances of the two cases,
as was shown by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] are so different that in no two
features are they alike. The claims specified
under the four different heads of the treaty nego-
tiated by Mr. Rives in 1831, bears a very near
analogy to those which were provided for in the
Louisiana treaty, but are entirely unlike those
which were declared to be-desperatc by the nego-
tiators of the treaty of September 30, 1800.
There is nothing in the fact that should favor
these claims, if it be true, as is alleged, that the
board of commissioners under the last treaty
with France has determined that this class of
claims cannot come in under that treaty. The
objects of restitution under that treaty are par-
ticularly specified under four different heads;
and neither of those heads embraces claims that
bear even a distant analogy to the claims under
consideration.
The zeal with which our Government has, at
all times, advocated the claims of its citizens, is
in this instance urged as proof that the Govern-
ment, admitting their justice, is responsible for
their discharge. The Quarterly Review says:
"As long as they were to be paid by France, no
doubt was entertained of their validity." And
again: " In performance of this duty, (to procure
' redress /or injuries done to our citizens,) the
' Government of the United States invited its
' citizens to confide their claims to its manage-
' ment, and undertook to do everything in its
' power to obtain satisfaction." So the Govern-
ment of the United States, to the last end of the
chapter, pressed on the Government of Great
Britain the claims for remuneration under her
illegal and unjust seizures and condemnations by
the orders in council, until, finding the prospect
of remuneration absolutely hopeless, and finding
peace of more value than further destruction of
lives and property, this Government, in both
cases, consented to waive all further claims for
illegal seizures and condemnations. There prob-
ably was never an instance of treaty with any
foreign nation where this Government did not
press the claims for individual injury to the last
moment.
The admission  of our negotiators that there
was ground for pressing these claims on France, '
is taken for granted as an admission that the j
claims are now due by this Government.   Such
an inference is gratuitous and fallacious.   The i
history of diplomacy, in all ages, furnishes evi-
dence that chums and pretensions are often set up
to counteract other claim? and pretensions, both
of which, in the end, are yielded; and that these,
although sometimes founded injustice, are yielded
as an offset to those having really no foundation.
The claim by the United States for remuneration
of seizures and spoliations under the treaties of
alliance and commerce, after the United Slates by
act of Congress had declared those treaties at an
end, was likely to be met by the best pretext for
chum the French Government could find under
the same treaties.    As neither of the claims was
perhaps tenable, under the practice of nations, to
make no restitution whore a state of war—call it,
if you please, a " quasi-w&r"—had existed, so
both nations at length were willing each to with-
draw  its  respective  pretensions  under treaties
which had been broken and declared to be void,
and to offset each against the other all the cap-
tures and condemnations that had occurred during
the existing differences.    And both nations did j
well for their citizens to make peace even on these I
terms; neither laid itself liable, by consenting to |
waive the further pressing of individual claims, >
for the payment of such claims.   Negotiation and i
war could not reclaim them; and the nation was '
not bound further to comprom.it the welfare of its j
citizens by continuing a belligerent attitude on j
account of these claims.                   -                         j
Mr. President, my propositions are-
and spoliations beyond what they particularly
specified in the treaty of September 30, 1800.
2.  That the United States, after pressing France
'for a restitution of those claims, so long as they
could do it without a sacrifice of other paramount
public and private interests, assumed no respons-
ibility for their payment by consenting to press
those peculiar claims no further.
3.  That if the fact of the existence of war and
the abrogation of prior treaties shall be denied,
still, the United States, having first violated no
previous treaty, were under no obligation to
France, and owed her nothing for such infrac-
tion.
4.  That as the United States owed nothing to
France, so the claimants are entitled to no com-
pensation from the United States for any alleged
claims on France.
Mr. President, I listened with close attention to
the argument of the Senator from Maine, [Mr
Shbplet,] in favor of these claims. From the
logical mind of that gentleman,! had anticipated
much stronger reasons for passing the bill than
he did present; from his known aptitude for
thorough investigation, I had anticipatcc! an array
of facts giving color at least to the strong and
positive statements which he bad before promised
to make so clear and apparent. In his argument
I have heen disappointed.
Because the Government of the United States
—(when we say Government we mean not all
branches of the Government, but only the Exec-
utive or its agents)—because the agents of .this
Government expressed a willingness and a wish
to negotiate on the basis of the ancient treaties,
and as if no war had existed, the Senator infers
no war did exist. He quotes the French Minis-
ters who negotiated the treaty of 1800, as saying
that " the treaties have not heen broken—that there
' has only been a misunderstanding"—that "they
' never thought of making war, nor of creating
'commotions" in the United States; and this he
considers positive and conclusive proof that war
had notexisted, and that the treaties had not been
broken. But did the Senator recollect that, in start-
ing with his argument, he first labored to show that the
French nation at the very commencement had vio-
lated the treaties by ordering the seizure and arrest of
neutral ships, and the ships of the United Statesicith
the rest ?
" The treaties have not been broken." Will
the Senator take this ground to make the claims
binding on the United States ? Has it not been
shown that the treaties were broken ? The gen-
tleman himself had first to insist that France
broke the treaty when she first directed the seiz-
ure of the neutral property: Barbe Marbois says
France first broke the alliance: the very book of
documents compiled to prove these claims opens
with complaints, that France had been the fust
to violate her treaty engagements.
The gentleman says the state of things that ex-
isted was not war-, that neither nation set up that
there was war; that France has never plead war
as a release from these claims; that the annulling
of treaties amounted only to cause of war. If
both the American and French authorities at any
time chose to negotiate on the basis of status quo
ante bellum, or even to infer that a general capture
of property and hard fighting on both sides was
not war, the saine authorities will rise in contra-
diction of this position. Messrs. Ellsworth,
Davie, and Murray, in their Journal of Septem-
ber 12, 1800, expressly say that the president of
the French commission declared (and the other
two commissioners united with him m the declar-
ation) that he would sooner resign than sign a
treaty with indemnities; that any impartial tri-
bunal would declare the present state of things
to be war, and that being a state of war, no in-
demnities could be claimed.
The same American commissioners themselves,
in so many words, declare that there was war;
they say the treaties have undergone the nullify-
ing operation that war imposes; that " d.oubtless
' t!ie congressional act authorizing the reduction
' of French cruisers by force was an authorization
' of war, limited indeed in its extent, but not in Us
' nature;"&nú that " clearly also,their subsequent
' act, that the treaties had ceased to be obligatoiy,
' however proper it might be for the removal of
tt •" i a a State of war Ijetween France and the ; ' doubts, n'<w but dectaiatory of the state of tilings;
United States effectually put an end to all obliga- ¡| 'and ceruinly," they say—uiaik the expn's-
tiou by Iraucu to make restitution for'captures .: siou!—'■' ii was only iioui an ej-crche of the en-
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
slitutional prerogative of declaring war thai either of
them derived validity."
Oliver Wolcott, Secretary of the Treasury, in
his report to Congress, January 23, 1800, after
the consular government had directed a relaxa-,
tío  of the war operations, inferred a state of war-
to exist, as will be seen by the following extracts:
"That all exports to France or her dependen-
' cíes were prohibited after.t.b.e 1st day of July,
' 1798, (by law of Congress.)
" Vessels have been canied to the vicinity of
' French poits, where, as it is believed, they have
' been captured  by French privateers, in conse-
quence   of preconcerted arrangements.    Other
vessels have entered French ports on pretense
of distress.    Although the vessels have, in many
instances, been liberated, yet the cargoes have
' been detained by order of Government."
The Secretary continues: "The plea of forci-
ble exchange cannot be admitted without permit-
' ting the French Government virtually to repeal
' our laws by means of their own internal regu-
' lations; and if the United States refuse to sub-
' mit to an insidious policy, and some of our
citizens suffer losses, it is against the French
and not the American Government that their
' complaints ought to be directed."
I repeat, sir, if these claims had not been inter-
posed, a state of war  would never have been
.doubted; and  it will  be  seen  that the  whole
French commission repudiated the idea that the
" state of things" was anything else than war.
It was entirely unnecessary that theSenatorso
long dwelt on the proofs that the property for
which restitution is claimed was illegally seized.
The illegal seizure is ii^it doubted; and while he
would uige this as a reason why the American
Government should stand in the place of France
to make restitution, we urge it as one of the proofs
that the United States are exonerated from this resti-
tution; for if by these seizures France first broke
the treaties, nothing was due from the United
States, even if it should be admitted that we after-
wards violated those treaties, as_ it cannot be con-
tended that one party was bound to a rigid
adherence to the treaties after the other party had
repeatedly violated them, and persisted m her
determination to continue their violation.
The Senator says, the United States in repeated
instances acknowledged the goodness of these
claims; that the negotiators on some occasions
urged them on France as good and valid; and the
Secretary of State declared that the captures were
made "in direct violation of the treaties." In-
structions were also given making it an " indis-
pensable condition" that all captures shall be in-
demnified. The fact, that when the whole treaty-
making power (not the negotiators alone, but the
President and Senate) was brought to act, indem-
nification was not "an indispensable condition,"
is belter proof that the Government did not, than
did consider this a debt good and of valuable
consideration on their part.
But the Senator says, " France was willing to
indemnify, provided we would acknowledge the
treaties to be still in existence"—that she said
" the parties on both sides ought ^o be compen-
sated." Has France, since she threw up indem-
nities on both sides, ever made restitution to her
citizens for the property which was captured and
condemned by the Americans? Not a dollar!
France, it is true, was willing to allow an indem-
nity, provided we would allow her a greater in-
demnity, or give her a chance to obtain one. She
was willing to revive ancient treaties thathad been
declared null and void on both sides, if she could
make a better bargain in the one case than she
eoald in the other. But France, in the end, great
as was the amount of her claim, was willing to
make it a drawn game.
The gist of the whole matter is, " the consid-
eration," " the valuable consideration" received
by the United States, for which we are bound to
pav these claims.
The astute advocate of the claims in the Amer-
ican Quarterly Review had said the claims of
France on the United States "were indefinite,
' and from their nature, incapable of exact calctl-
' lation; but they were not on that account less
' real, or less entitled to attention."
I bad hoped the Senator from Maine would be
more definite. The violation of the guarantee in
the treaty of alliance is set up as giving France
her principal .claim on us.   I have shown you,
as I trust, that France never asked of the United
States,thc performance of this guarantee, which
would at once have thrown us into collision with
England. It was for the interest of France itself
that the .United States should maintain a neutral
position after she had declared war against Eng-
land; and if it had not been her interest, the guar-
antee was binding on us only while France was !
engaged in a defensive, not an offensive, war. '
In any event, she could not complain until she
had at least made a formal request. Even had
France requested, the reasoning of General Ham-
ilton, and his quotation from Vattel, most con-
clusively demonstrate that, if the United States
had promised succors to France by treaty, if.thc
furnishing those succors would expose it toan
evident danger, this danger is a lawful dispensa-
tion from the obligation.
The lengthy correspondence that took place
between different envoys and agents, from 1793
to 1800, as well under the ever-changing adminis-
trations of the French directory, as under the
consular rule of Bonaparte, is full of evidence
that neither the guarantee in the treaty of alliance,
nor the obligations of the treaties of commerce,
were at any time insisted on by France Then
Messrs. Pinckney, Marshall, and Gerry, in a
letter to the Secretary of State, assign, as the
principal ground of complaint, that the French
directory " wanted a loan " from the United
States, which they had no authority to grant;
and added, " the directory felt itself wounded by
the different speeches of Mr. Washington and
Mr. Adams."
General Washington, accepting the command
in chief of the armies of the United States in 1798,
at the time of the rupture or war with France,
distinctly alleges the unfounded pretensions of
the French directory as his principal reason for j
once again standing in the service of the country. {
He says he is induced to enter the service by I
" their disregard of solemn treaties and the laws of .
nations," and that " their demands on us amount
to tribute."
The Senator has undertaken to show what were
the claims of France on the United States, con-
stituting the obligation of the United States to
the present claimants. If I understood him right,
they consisted entirely in the value of our obli-
gations to France, under the several treaties of
alliance and commerce of 1778. Ho' says the
mutual guarantee of one of the treaties, that one
party should protect the other in irado with its
own enemy, was a valuable property to France,
inasmuch as it would have secured her a trade of
incalculable amount.
To confront his exposition of these obligations,
and even the allegation that the United States at
any time violated the treaties, the volumes of
published diplomatic papers furnish abundant
testimony. You can scarcely open the books
without falling upon them. One or two quotations
to this point, at different periods, may sufftcc.
General Washington, in his message to Con-
gress, December 5, 1793, speaking of the difficul-
ties with France, says:
" In the mean time, I have respected and pur-
'sued the stipulations of our treaties, according
' to what I judged their true sense; and have with-
1 held noactof friendship which their (the French)
' affairs have called for from us, and which jus-
' tice to others left us free to perform." .
And as covering nearly the whole ground of
controversy, the following extract of a letter from
the three American envoys, Messrs. Pinckney,
Marshall, and Gerry, to the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, dated February 7,1798, will serve
to prove that, from the beginning to nearly the
end of the chapter, the American Government
had no idea it was violating any obligation to
France by the neutral position it had assumed:
" America (say they) found itself at peace with
'all the belligerent Powers: she was connected
' with some of them by treaties of amity and
' commerce, and with France by a treaty of alli-
' anee also. These several treaties were consid-
' nred with the most serious attention, and with a
' sincere wish to determine, by fair construction,
' the obligations which they really imposed. The
' result of this inquiry was a full conviction that Iter
' engagements by no means bound her to lake part in
' the war, but left her so far the mistress of her
' own conduct, as to be at perfect liberty to pur-
' sue a real system of neutrality."
The Senator from Maine has not shown that
this construction of the treaties by the eminent
men then constituting the Government of the
United States was a false construction. He must
show this to prove that the United States were
under any obligation to France for failing to per-
form any treaty stipulation. Will Senators at
this day contend that Washington's proclamation
of the neutrality was indefensible?
The offer of the envoys of the United States
to pay a specific, sum to release them from the
obligations of these treaties, I consider in no other
light than an offer to subtract that amount from
the claims on France, if she would consent to al-
low those claims. It was a diplomatic expedient
to evade thatstate of things which really existed,
and which, if admitted to exist, precluded all
chance of restitution. It was a diplomatic expe-
dient calculated to secure something for the claims
on France, whereas, without it, nothing could be
obtained. Hence wo find the American envoys
willing to give eight millions of francs, while
they absolutely refused to leave anything to the
uncertain decision of a board of commissioners
If they had considered this French pretension as
of any real value, they would have been equally
willing as was France to have submitted the whole
questions arising under tile treaties to a board of
commissioners.
Mr. President, of late years invention seems
to be put to the rack in devising waysand'means
to abstract money from the public Treasury. In
proportion to the facilities of accumulating money
under an onerous system of duties and taxation
have the expedients for expending and making
away with the funds of the Government multi-
plied. Individual claimants are continually press-
ing on Congress for those antiquated claims, of'
the existence of which the claimants themselves
were not aware until they obtained the informa-
tion from some speculator, whose whole business
is to hunt them up from musty records, and mag-
nanimously offer, for a moiety of what shall be
recovtred, to do the business of obtaining them.
Many a man in some distant section of the coun-
try has unexpectedly received the offer of five, or
ten, or tweiuy pel cent, foi his chance of recov-
ering a claim in behalf of his father or grand-
father, for something done or suffered in t\ days
of the Revolution, or in the time of, the qu«si war
with France, or at some other period of national
distress. Claims of this kind, although thousands
have been paid off, are more numerous now than
they have been atany period within the last thirty
years, and they will continue to multiply. Suc-
cess in procuring large sums on claims which
have little or no foundation, emboldens others to
advance theirs, fraud and forgery arc sometimes
brought in to aid in abstracting the money of the
Treasury, it is made the interest of ihc several
States to procure each as much as possible for
its share of these allowances; and even members
of Congress, acting honestly for the local inter-
ests of their constiiuents, become themselves in-
strumental in contributing to the common abuses.
If the claims intended to be provided for in
this bill shall be allowed, the main part of them
will go to swell the enoimous wealth of a class
of men who owe then good fortune not to their
patriotism, but to that cupidity which has often
shown itself willing to sacrific, the country's best
good on the altar of avarice. Who but the under-
writers and insurers, and those who have ven-
tured on the ocean in pursuit of an unauthorized
trade—who but those who have shown them-
selves willing to sacrifice " free trade and sailors'
rights," and to abandon their country in a great
contest for equal rights and justice on the ocean
—who but these,and such a;- these, will be bene-
fited bv the passage of this bill ? Nevertheless,
I would pay every dollar that is justly due these
and all other men. I cannot believe the Govern-
ment owes one cent of these claims; and, there-
fore, 1 oppose the passage of the hill.
When Mr. H. concluded, Mr. ROBBINS took
the floor and moved an adjournment, which pre-
vailed.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 23, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Mr. HUBBARD, of New Hampshire;
i
68          ________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 23,
'  Mr. BAYLIES, of Massachusetts;
Mr. BURGES, of Rhode Island;
Mr. JACKSON, of Connecticut;
Messrs.ADAMS,HAZELTINE,LANSING,
and MANN, of New York;
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey;
Messrs SUTHERLAND and HEISTER, of
Pennsylvania;
Messrs. GORDON and MOORE, of Virginia;
Mr. PINCKNEY, of South Carolina;
Messrs. MARSHALL and BEATY, of Ken-
tucky;
Mr. DICKINSON, of Tennessee;
Mr. KILGORE, of Ohio;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana;
Messrs. LANE and K1NNARD, of Indiana;
[Mr. Lane, of Indiana, presented the petition
of the citizens of Rising Sun, in the county of
Dearborn, praying the establishment of a post
route from Versailles, in Ripley county, thence
down the Valley of Lauchcry Creek, by way of
"Watt's Mill, Dillsborough, James's Mills, Hart-
ford, to Rising Sun, thence to Burlington, Boon
county, Kentucky.
And a similar petition of the citizens of Decatur
and Rush counties, praying a mail route from
Napoleon, in Ripley county, to Clarksburg, in
Decatur county, thence, by way of Richland,
New Salem, Dickson's Store, Smelser's Mills,
in Rush county, to Louisville, in Henry county,
Indiana.
Mr. Kinnaro presented additional documents
in support of the petition of James Calvin, an in-
valid soldier of the late war; which were referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
Mr. MAY, of Illinois;
[Mr. Mat presented the petition of sundry in-
habitants of the country of McLean, praying the
establishment of a post route from Springfield,
Illinois, to Chicago, in said State.]
Messrs. McKINLEY and MURPHY, of Ala-
bama;
Mr. LYON, of Michigan;
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland;
"Which memorials and amendments were ap-
propriately referred.   '
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; which were
read twice, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year 1835; and
A bill making appropiiations for the current
expenses of the Indian Department, for the year
1835.
Mr. POLK, from the same committee, report-
ed the following resolution; which was agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for a clerk to be employed in
the office of superintendent of Indian Affairs at
St. Louis.
Mr. WATMOUGH, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill explanatory of the
act of 20th June, 1834, making certain allowances,
and gianting arrearages to officers of the United
States corps of marines; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac
Wellborne, Jr., and William Wellborne; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill supplementary to the act of last session,
granting preemption rights in certain cases to the
settlers on the public lands; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CAMRRELENG.from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported an amendment to the
bill to exempt merchandise imported under cer-
tain circumstances from the operation of the act
of 10th May, "1828; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Aflairs, reported a bill to re-
vive and continue in force an act to provide for
persons who were disabled by known wounds
received during the war of the Revolution; which
Was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the select committee
apppointed for that  purpose, reported the fol-
lowing joint resolution; which was read twice,
and ordered to be engrossed. [See Senate pro-
ceedings.]
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which lies over one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be direct-
ed to lay before this House a report of the expend-
iture hitherto made in the improvement of the
Cumberland river, and the effect thereof, with any
information in his possession as to the extent to
which such improvement can be carried up the
said river, and at what cost.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BEATY, on leave, submitted a joint res-
olution for an adjournment of the two Houses
from the 23d to the 29th instant.
Mr. WATMOUGH moved to amend the mo-
tion by substituting the 24th instant for the 23d.
Mr. POLK said, that the motion was unpre-
cedented. He was not aware of a single instance
in which a similar proposition had been adopted,
and he saw no particular reason for departing
from the usage of the House in this instance.
He, therefore, moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table.
Mr. WARDWELL demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the subject on the table;
which were ordered,and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Gluincy Adams, John
Adams, Heman Allen, John J. Allen, Chilton
Allan, William Allen, Ashley, Banks, Barringer,
Baylies, Bean, Boon, Bouldin, Briggs, Brown,
Bull, Burges, Burns, Bynum, Cage, Cambrcleng,
Carmichael, Can-, Cas.ey, Chambers, Chaney,
Chilton, Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clow-
ney, Coffee, Coulter, Crockett, Darlington, Amos
Davis, Davenport, Day, Denny, Dickson, Dick-
erson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Fijlmore, Forester,
Fowler, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith, Gamble, Gholson, Gillet, Gordon,
Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Thomas
II. Hall, Halsey, Hardin, Joseph M. Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hazeltine, Henderson,
Hcister, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Eben-
ezer Jackson, 'Janes, Jarvis, Richard M. John-
son, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kav-
anagh, King, Kinnard, Lane, Lay, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Loyall,
Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K.
Mann, Marshall, Mardis, Moses Mason, May,
McCarty, McComas, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kennan,McKim,McKinley,McLene,McVean,
Mercer, Miller, Miner, Robert Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Parker, Dutee
J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Polk, Potts, Ramsay,
Reed, Readier, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck,
Augustine H. Shepperd, Shinn, Slade, Sloane,
Smith, Stewart, William Taylor, Francis Thom-
as, Philemon Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins,
Trumbull, Turner, Tweedy, VanderpocI, Van
Houtcn, Wagener,Wardwell, Watmough, Web-
ster, Whallon, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise,
and Young —150.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Beale, Beaty, Camp-
bell, William Clark, Clayton, Corwin, Crane,
Evans, Gorham, Heath, William Jackson, Wil-
liam C. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry John-
son, Lansing, Manning, Martmdale, Milligan,
Phillips, Pickens, Pierson, Pinckney, Spangler,
Vance, Vinton, and Frederick Whittlesey—28.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted yester-
day, were considered and agreed to:
By Mr. BYNUM:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be in-
structed to lay before this House a report of the
progress of different works of internal improve-
ments now carried on by the General Govern-
ment in the State of North Carolina, and the
amount of appropriations expended in the pros-
ecution of the same.
By Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be instructed to report to this House a statement
of the disbursements and appropriations made
since the 9th of April, 1832, under the following
heads, viz: Fortifications, light-houses, public
debt, revolutionary and other pensions, internal
improvements, including the piers and breaks
waters, preservation of ports and harbors, remov.
ing obstructions in rivers and creeks, and the
support of lighthouses, including all incidental
expenses, showing, as far as practicable, the
amount disbursed in each year, and in each State,
and in each Territory.
. Resolved further, That the Secretary blend the
report hereby required to be made with the re-
ports from his Department to this House, dated
on the31stDecember,1829,and April-9,1832, so
as to exhibit at one view the expenses of the
Government from its commencement to the time
under the heads designated.
By Mr. SLOANE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit to this House an estimate
of the expense of erecting a beacon light at the
mouth of the Black liver, in the State of Ohio,
and any report that accompanied said statement.
Mr. HUBBARD offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to this House copies
of any correspondence which has taken place be-
tween himself or any of his predecessors in office
since 1834, as far as practicable, with any.of the
officers of the Bank of the United States, or of
any of its branches, which may have any relation
to the claim of the United States against the Bank
of Columbia, and to communicate his opinion as
to the probability of collecting the balance, orany
part thereof, now due from the Bank of Columbia
to the United States.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, offered the
following resolution; which lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to this House
such information as he may have, and which in
his opinion may be proper to be communicated,
and not incompatible with the public interest,
showing the steps which have been taken, and the
progress which has been made, in effecting an
adjustment and satisfaction of the claims of Amer-
ican citizens upon the Mexican Government.
Mr. LINCOLN offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States he requested to lay before this House (if, in
his opinion, it is not incompatible with the public
interest) any communications which may have
been had between the Government of the United
States and that of Great Britain, since the rejec-
tion by the former of the advisory opinion of the
King of the Netherlands,in reference to the estab-
lishment and final settlement of the northeastern
boundary of the United States, heretofore in con-
troversy between the two Governments.
And that he also be requested to communicate
any information he may possess of the exercise
of practical jurisdiction by the authorities of the
British Province of New Brftnswick over the dis-
puted territory within the limits of the State of
Maine, according to the true line of boundary as
claimed by the United States, and especially upon
that part of the territory which has been incor-
porated by the government of Maine into the
town of Madawaska; together with such repre-
sentations and correspondence (if any) as have
been had by the Executive of that State with the
Government of the United States on the subject.
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing an ordnance department for the naval
service.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Knottsville, Monongahela county, Virginia, to
Kingwood,in Preston county, Virginia,and from
Brandon to Smith field, in Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr, GRAHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Ashville, in North Carolinarby Ednysville and
Mill's  Gap, to   Spartansburg Court-ilouse, in
South Carolina.
On motion of Mr. CHILTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                     m
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post office at the
White Sulphur Springs, in Grayson county, Ken-
tucky; and that said committee further inquire
into the*expediency of establishing a post route
from Brandonburg, m Mead county, to Litch-
field, in Grayson county, by way of the post office
at Big Spring.
On motion of Mr. CRANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post route
from Dayton, in Montgomery county, Ohio,
through Germantown and Jaeksonburg, to Ox-
ford, m Butler county, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing asalary and office rent forthe surveyor
on Port Ponchartrain, in the State of Louisiana.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. FOSTER asked the House to take up and
consider the resolution submitted by him some
days since, calling on the President of the United
States for information connected with our rela-
tions with France; but, at the suggestion of Mr.
Wayne, the motion to consider was withdrawn.
EXPENDITURES ON PUBLIC GROUNDS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Commissioner of the Public Buildings,
in obedience to the act of the 3d March, 1829,
containing an account of the expenditures upon
the improvement of the public grounds; which,
on motion of Mr. Jaryis, was laid on the table,
a*hd directed to be printed.
OATHS BY REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
The bill authorizing the registers and receivers
of the public land offices to administer oaths con-
nected with the entry and sale of the public lands,
was read a third time, and passed.
PAY OF ARMY AND NAVY OFFICERS.
The House then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Briggs in the chair,) on the bill to equalize and
regulate the pay of the officers of the Army and.
Navy of the United States, and the amendments
thereunto proposed by Mr. WATMouGH,as chair-
man of the select committee, and Mr. Wise, a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The discussion was resumed on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wise, to increase the compensa-
tion of boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-
makers, and adding the office of armorers to tlie
list, allowing each ¿700 while waiting orders, and
$800 while on duty.
Mr. WATMOUGH briefly stated the objections
which existed in his mind to the amendment. He
repeated the ideas he liad previously advanced,
that it was highly important to offer inducements
for these officers to remain at sea, rather than on
shore; and hence the difference in the compensa-
tion in those situations. He was willing to allow
them $750 when on board a frigate, and $600
while on board a sloop, brig, or schooner, or
while acting on shore. Further he could not con-
sistently go.
Mr. WISE declined to accept this proposition,
and stated the reasons which urged him to doso.
These men, holding these very responsible sta-
tions, he was wellinformed could notliveon shore
with the compensation proposed for them. It
was not to avoid duty at sea, that these men de-
sired a fair compensation while they were casu-
ally at home with their families. They merely
ask that they may live. He was well assured
that the present inadequate pay brought only
such as, from their habits and abilities, were un-
worthy of the station—who required a thorough
purgation before they were competent to the per-
formance of their important duties. The pay of
these men, he contended, bore no fair comparison
with that of other officers of the Navy, in propor-
tion with their duties.
Mr. REED said these men could have no leave
of absence, inasmuch as there was only one of
each of them attached to a vessel. He did not
deem it important to include the office of armorer
in the amendment.
Mr. WISE replied, contending that a ship was
not properly manned without an armorer, and
one, too, more competent than a common black-
smith—one, probably, whose services could not
be procured for a less sum than twenty-five cents
per hour. Such was the information which he
had been enabled to collect from authentic sources
in relation to this office.
Mr. WATMOUGH again explained, and urged
some further objections to the amendment.
Mr. SUTHERLAND asked the privilege of
saying one word in favor of these men. He com-
plained that his former remarks upon this subject
had been misunderstood or misrepresented. He
only asked the committee to allow these officers
a proper compensation while they were at home.
His argument was, that while they were at home
with their families, they should D*e takencare of,
and not, as proposed by this unequal reduction
of their wages on shore, be hurried off again to
sea as soon almost as their feet have touched
the shore. He spoke paiucularly t>f boatswains,
and the importance of their services. He would
not make these men exiles from their homes,
their wives, and children, under the penalty of
having their pay reduced to the inadequate sum
of $360 per annum. These men possessed the
same natural affections—the same strong feel-
ings for their families, that others did. The
carpenter (he added) was a very important man
on board, and he dwelt on the onerous nature of
his duties. He said he was aware that his col-
league [Mr. Watmoiigh] came from a district
where these real working men—the bone and sin-
ews of war—were numerous. The committee,
of which that gentleman was chairman, was con-
stituted to equalizethe payof officers. He wished
to see, at least, an equalization of the pay of those
serving On board the same ship. After some
further observations, Mr. S. concluded with the
remark, that all the experienced individuals with,
whom he had consulted joined him in the views
he had taken on this important point, of giving
to these officers a more adequate compensation
while on shore—while in the bosom of their fami-
lies—a blessing which they so seldom enjoyed.
Mr. BATES said he conceived this question
to be a mere matter of fact, and not a subject for
oratorical flourishes. He asked if the amend-
ment embraced the views of the officers of the
Navy? for by their judgment and discretion his
own would be, in a great measure, controlled.
Mr. WISE replied, in effect, that it did.
Mr. BURGES wished this subject could be
discussed without so much ardor. He thought
the return of these officers to their families once
in two or three years should be satisfactory to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Suther-
land.] However that might be, he believed the
laborer worthy of his hire. He was attached to
that class of our fellow-citizens, and he hoped he
never should forget the sympathy which lie had
ever felt and professed for the working classes.
But it seemed that all at once this class were sup-
posed to possess extraordinary merit. They
were even put in advance of your admirals and
your generals. Mr. B. contended that the com-
pensation contained in the bill was amply suffi-
cient, and that it was more than some of the
individuals referred to could get if following their
occupations out of the public service. He was
willing to encourage bravery, but was not in
favor of paying to these men a sum so greatly
disproportionate to the service rendered. He
went at length into particulars connected with
the pay, duties, &c, of the various individuals
engaged in the naval service.
Mr. REED, of Massachusetts, referred to the
report of the Secretary of the Navy on this sub-
ject, to show that the bill went as far as was rec-
ommended by the Department on the particular
subject of the amendment. He made no preten-
sions of exclusive friendship for the working men
in the community or the Navy; he was willing to
do justice to all. The persons embraced in this
amendment were seldom absent on leave. It was
almost impossible to do without them on board
ship, particularly a ship of the largest class. Ref-
erence had been made to the pay of seamen. He
was in favor of giving that class of the service
the most ample compensation. He should have
moved an amendment to that effect if he had not
believed that it was not strictly proper to embrace
seamen in the present bill.
Mr. FERRIS observed that he did not wish to
trespass on the patience of the House, or unne-
cessarily to prolong this exciting debate; but he
claimed the indulgence of the House while he
should endeavor to answer an argument adduced
by the gentleman from Rhode Island, and deliv-
ered with so much ingenuity, ability, and elo-
quence, as to make an  impression against the
proposed amendment.    The gentleman triumph-
antly asks,  why  a  mechanic attached   to   the
national service should   be allowed more wages
than a mechanic of the same grade could earn on
shore?  It appeared to Mr. F. there were obvious
reasons why there should be a greater allowance.
The mechanic on shore had many advantages
over those in the service.   They had the enjoy-
mentof the domestic fireside and thesocial circle—
the advantages of forming connections in society,
and, if he possessed talents and enterprise, he
might, by economy, lay up a small capital, and,
with the assistance of friends, establish himself
! in business, become a master mechanic, and a
I man of fortune.    Many of our most substantial
! citizens have risen in this way, who look back
| with satisfaction upon their enterprise, industry,
: and economy, which have led them from small
j beginnings to comfort and affluence.   The me-
! chanic attached to the service is deprived of all
these advantages.  His sole dependence is on the
provision his country has made him, and, from
'    the allowance proposed, he could lay up but a
small  pittance  for that period  when  age  and
infirmity shall render him unlit for service, and
i when he shall  be compelled  to linger out the
| remnant of his days in comparative penury and
'  | want without a cheering hope to animate him—
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the  education, at the
Military Academy,  of the junior  midshipmen
now in service, and of such as may be hereafter
appointed; the whole number   of students  not
to exceed the number of cadets allowed by the
existing laws.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a port of entry at Alton, in the State
of Illinois.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed  to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill to relieve  William Walker, of
Jackson   county,   Alabama,   from   the   conse-
quences of a mistake in the entry of a tract of
land in that county.
On motion of Mr. DAVENPORT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post  route  from
Weldon, North Carolina, viaBoydton, Charlotte
Court House, and Brookneal, to Green Hill, in
the county of Campbell, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for a new judicial district in
the Territory of Florida, the judge of said district
to reside at Appalacluola.
On motion of Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making compensation to the society of Mora-
vians for the expenses incurred at their mission-
ary establishments within the limits of the Cher-
okee tribe of Indians.
On motion of Mr. KAVANAGH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
¡nuking an  appropriation for placing buoys in
Damariscotta river, in the State of Maine.
On motion of Mr. BEAN.it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing the  name of John  Kaime, of New
Hampshire, on the list of invalid pensions.
On motion of Mr. READ, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
discontinuing one of the light-houses in Chatham,
Massachusetts.
70                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________December 24,
that when he shall be called to that " bourn fiom
whence no tiav !cr íetuin,," his wife md h'tlo
o es would be left with the modélate mems of
living Thee is anothe" oovitus leason why
the]p should be i diífeicnoí Tit mechanic 01
shore (tijoys, aftti the to Is rf the day, the oom-
foitsofhis famil} and fireside, while he it sea
entounteis the perils of sei and battle, sus. am
ing the ñas and the rigln,s> of Ins countiy
Mi F would call tin attciuon of the House
to one obscivatioii applicable to the geneia] pro-
visions of this bill The offieeis of ill gi ides,
and the mtn, when on shoic, ate obliged to live
on the \ilantic boi d( r, in th< laige cities, wliTe
house rent, fuel, and -U neccssa.y expenses for
the suppoit of a family, including he t ducation
of cluldien, ue e"xtiav vgantly hi^'i when con
pued to the expenses of li mg in the fruitful
West If gen kmen would make a calctilation
of the necessaiy expenses to be Deducted foi the
allowances made by this bill and by this imcnd
mem, thov would find that but a small sum c oulil
bt savtd by the riosi, ngd economy, is apio
vision foi then fimili s in east of de uli, 01 toi
co ninsr age at d mfiimities He should not d
tun the Houst by declaiming on the ^tllant
de ds of the N"vy 01 the imp ush iblt gloiy it
h id slit d o i tin tountiv but he f It it Ills duty
to make thest obscivation, fiom a dut (,«tl w
the claims of that usett I cl iss of offic is—the
mochines attach d to the seiuci —which the
a undn nt p eposes to i  heve
"Vil BURuE^ bi clly uphed, md expían ed
his foi nit i i  m irks
Mi   I TRR1S it joined, and a'so explained
Aftei i few «Minimi i m tilts by Me si o
WATMOUGH an I WISE, the question was
takt n on Jie atucndmt nt of the li'Ui, in íeluion
to the piy of boatswunt>, gunneis, sailmik is,
a d eaipt nteis, and icicelid
Mi WATMOUGl] inovtd an amendment in
tt ni'i d to guudthe lights end mtcicsts ot stu
gt on-> wl lit absent   wuie i was adoptt d
Mi MANN, of Nt w Yoik, said ht would now
piopose an ami nument which would t n ible those
gt nth men who wt it so exu mi ly /t alous in f i
\ oi of the high i oihet is m the sei vi t to t xteud
then sympathies to the ommon sailois, a class
in favoi ol whom no vonc had yt t bt en rais d,
and who wtic so important to the seivitt tit
•would, th itfou, move to meitast the piesent
pillante paid to the common suloi at the i ite ot
Una ilo'hus pt i month
Altei v tt vv i in iks by Messis WAT
MOUGIIiuid CMVIHRI LliNG, ofan expiun
toi v eh n it tt i, il    urn ndimnt wis n p t ted
Mi WYlMOUGiI odeitd m untndm nt o
that put if the fust s ctio i wluth spt liittl that
tbt t ompt nsation javt n in the bill houltl bt lull
Or ill illoua ices, with eeitam excej ti ns, winch
w la agitt d to
Mi WI8L moved a pioviso, that ofliceis com
mantling a squ idion on a louign stuion should
bt t ntiticd to fouitcen íations pei <1 ly, which vv is
r< |ected
Mi GILIET pioposed an amendment, pio
vidmg th it the spccifi' piy to th offu is of ti t
Navy piopostd in tiie bill should be in full oí
all rompí nsation, t\t
Mi    WA1VIOUGH contended  that the  sub
stantial p lit of tins amendment w to ah   ttly m
coipoiatcd ill the bill by the am nclmcnt which
he had just oí!" led, and which «as adopted
Mi &ILLCT snd it was not Ins purpose, at
the piesent time, to discuss at length the sub]cct
of tins amendment He had iiottiktn pait in
the discussions ichtive to the amoi nt to be paid
to the ofheiis respectively His obj ft u is to
have th< dooi shut agunst pay bevond the sum
mentioned m the bill If the sum pioposed to be
given was not laige enough, let it be incieastd,
and made what it should bt But he vvs de
cidedly opposed to leaving an oppoitumty foi
atloxuances He was for giving, in one sum, all
that could possibly be ..llowed The people and
this House would then know what was paid for
seivices in the Navy It was, doubtless, true,
that some oí the offieeis were not sufficiently paid,
but his object was to close the utmost boundless
field of allmiances
He ]i id undei&tood the object of the eli u man
of the scloet committee to be, to pay the ofliceis a
gross sum, and cut olF all allowances He now
invited him to aid lniendeung that object certain
I Then the countiy vould know, with certainty,
I what wi" paid     Mi   G   said he hoj ed to have I
an opportunity in the House oí" fu'ly expbi urg
his views on th   subject, in which ht hoped to
1 have the concui en c of th s Hoist
I      /Vfter a few idditional i em irks o\ Mi   WAT
MOU&H, the amendment proj osed by Mr GIL
LET was negatived
I     Mi   GRLNJN ELL moved to amend the bill by
increasing the compensat on pioposed to be givt n
to the fiist e'eik to a commandant of a navy
| yaid fiom $900 10 #1,150   Mi  G sa,d the duties
j which would beiequued of this clei k vveie aitlu
ous, and rcquned a pcison possessing skill md
I'ntcgiity   He instinetd the c i>c of ihcuyfiiul
committed by tclciIf in then ivy y lid itOhnl s   I
town, Mass ichusctts, to show the necessit/ of I
I having an honest and futhlul individual to pel
foim the dutit s icquiicd
|     The amendment was lcjected
Mi   PAR vLR moved to stiike out the second
i section, which is in tire following  vo d^
|     Si.c    2    ¿Ind be •  fuitliei  enacted,   That 'he
Secictaij of the lit i&uiy sh ill be, and he is heie
by, authouacd and di toted  to dtdu t fiom  the
piy  it if aftei   to be ome due of the cnii niss on
met   w limit oihet is oí  the IN ivy of the Uni efl
Stitts,thite pt i c< ntum of tht   imoiint   li  not,
and to piy the sunt to 'he Secrt taiy o' tht "Sivy
md the Nav v coiYUjnssionc s foi tut tim   bttng
who aic liei by appoint d a boaid of comni
sioner^ by then im and stvl" of " Cimmis i >n is
of tnc  Navv   Widows  and   Oipnais    lund,
which, toget lcr with my other monej s to win h
| the fund m ly become leg i ly entitlt d, shall con
stitutc a fund fir tin  iclief of the widows, chil
j then, " and ic/atna" of the said commission md
wa lint offic is of the Navy of ih   United Statt s,
| to be niv   sled ' y sud boaid, md the puceeds of
J it d vided and disbtirst d, in such ni u n i as m ly
li be litreaftei prescubed b> Confess
1      Vftei a few íemaiks by Mi   WATMOUGH,
the motion w is disaDited to
I     Mi   MASON moved to stake fiom thesetontl
I section  the wolds, " and íelativcs   ' punted in
italics
I      I his motion was discussed by Messis  MA
I SON, WATMOUGH, and   GAMBRLLLNG,
1  win n
Mi   REED moved to amend  the amendment
by insei ting, m h u oí th  vvoids,    anel íelatives, '
the  wt ids,   'widows,  children, and   uniuuiied
! MStclS "
The d bate on this intendment was fuitliei
I oiuiiitud bv Mcssii, RLLD, WAIMOUGII,
1 and M YSON
Mi   1TLLM0RC suggt stcd to the movei of
the mi ndniait to the amendment [Mi  Itti d! to
I lnclndt m hi" piojosition " widowed motiléis   '
l|     Mi   RELD assented to thisinodiiieatioii when
I  the  notion as modified was iBued to
M    PARKER i„ain addrcssidthe committee
|  m opjiosition  to tht second  section  of the bill,
and piopo-3 d to lcncvv tlic motion to strike it out
but tlic C II VIR declucd that such a motion was
not in Older
I ht  thud st etion was lead, as follow"
I       Si e   3     bid be it futthei enacted,   lhat fiom
'  and  iftei   the pissige of tins act it shall bo the
dutv oftveiym dicil ofhcei of th   United States
Navy to piovide himself  with all such mstiii
ments as aie necessaiy in his piofession, and
that the sum oí---------dolíais be, and the same
is  hereby,   irmually approprnted,  out  of any
money in   the  Titasuiy   not otheiwisc app o
pnited, to be applied, on an estimate to be fui
Inishtd  undei  the dnection of the Sccietaiy of
the Navy, to the objeet sjiccified lit this act
!     Mi   WATMOUGH moved to stiike tl is sec
tion fi im the bill   which was agiecd to
Mi JARVÍS moved to add an additional sec
tion to the bi'l, providing tint here iftei, in the
distabution of paze money, it shall be done in
propoi tion to the pay which each ofKcer, ttc , mav
leceive Mr J said that In wished the question
takt n on his amendment, and that when the bill
should come up in the House ho would endeavor
I to piovc that the piesent system of distributing
puzc monty wis unjust and nnpropci I lit
amendment ins agieed to
The amendments having been gone through
with, the committee rose and íeported the bill to
the House a.  amended
On motion of All  WATMOUGH, the bill and
arnei dnieuts wen  or lore el to be punted
1 he House then adjou ncd
IN  Sí NAIE
Wedmesd t, Dcccmbei 21, 1834
The VU E PRESH)EJST 1 ud befo e the Sen-
ate alettei fiom the bccielaiv of Stitc m uiswer
to a icsolution íeq iniiig mm to communicate to
Congiess tnc situation of tl e oontiact made by
Fdwaid Livingston, Lsq ,late Secretary of State,
with Claik and loice, for the p lbhcation of tht
Amenoan Diplomatic Con  spondencc
On motion of Mi WEBSTER, the communi-
cation was oidcied to be punted
PETITIONS    MEMORIALS,   FTC.
P titionsand rrunoriiisof apunte nature weie
p es ntetl bv Missis WEBSTER SPRAGUE,
WAG VMAN, K \NE, and TOMLINSON
Mi WLBSTLR piestnted a petition fiom
sundiy citizens of Boston, piaymg the passage
of a law allowing a tit íwhi k on the cxpoitation
of coid ig which wwi f i red to the Committee
on Cimmciie, and oi deled to be piinttd
CrNFRAI   lArVYETTE
The joint i  solution fiom tht House of Rep-
lesentativts tint cting the mode of cmying into
I cfit ct the icsolution of Tiint list   adopted on the
occisión ot the death of GcneialLiI iyttte,vvas
icad, a id,
On motion of Mi  WEBSTER, concmred m
!                          AOTICE OT A BILL
M KING of Alabama, gave notice that on
M iiidav ni xt h would ask leave to nitioduce a
bill foi the ichef of D ivid McGall
I                 REPORTS  mOH COMMITTEES
Mi CLAYTON, fiom tne Judiciary Com-
mitttt, made two seveial rcpoits upon the peti
tiono of John  Cutts and  John  Doniicl, which
j weie oideied to be punted
Mi CLAYTON, from the same committee,
íeported a bill for the íeheí ot Colonel Jimts
Thorn is    which   was it ad   the   fust time,  and
' oideied to a "econd leading
!     M    POINDl^TLR, fiom  the Committee on
I Puoiic Lands, lcnoitcd the billfion the House
gi intuig  to the oorougn of Mackinaw a lot of
| land, with an -mendmint winch was lead tie
fiist time, and oidcred to a setond leading
1 Mi P ulso tjave notice that on Mo iday next
he w mid isk leav to niti iduce i bill to pitivide
nunc effectually against fiauds m the sale of tl e
public 1 mds of the United States
RLSOIU110AS  INTRODUCED
The following resolutions were submi'ted
By Mi   McKEA.N
Raolied, That the Gommittee on Commeice be
msuueted to inqtuieinto the expediency ot estab-
lishing a port of entiy at Biownsvillc, on the
Monongahela uvci
I     By Mi   ROBINSON
Resolve I,  lint  the  Gommittee  on   the  Post
' Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
i  to the expt diency of esubhslnn°; a mill route
fiom Goleondi, in   Illinois, by  Walnut Gioie
and Daudbon's Mills, to Fi tnkfoit, in the same
, St ite
II                    RriATIO^JS WITH FRA^CE
TI e following resolution, submitted ycsteiday
by All   Cui, was read and adopted
Retched, That the President be reijjuested to
comnunicatc to the Senate (if in hi¡> opinion it
shall not be incompatible with the public nitciest)
the lnstiactions which have been tiansmittcd
from time to t me, sim e ht 4th of July, 1SJ1, to
the Repiesentatives of the United States at the
I Government of Trance, relating to the execution
I of the tieaty which was signed on that day be
tvveen the United States and Fiance, and also all
the correspondence which h is passed at Wash
ington oi at Paris between the two Governments
le&pecting the execution of the said tieaty
j          PORT OF TNTRY ON THE "WABASH
Mi   TIPTON moved the consid latum of the
resolution submitted by him some days since in
stituting an lnquny into the expediency of estab
j hsl mg a port of entiy on the Wabash
)     Mr T said, I have reason to ftai that I will
1834..                              THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     71
weary the patience of the Senate with motions to
improve the navigation of the Wabash, and my
remaiks in supporting them; but, sir, the claims
of that river to public consideration, the situation
of the country, and the condition of the people
that inhabit the Wabash and its tributaries, have
been so much misunderstood elsewhere, that I
owe it to the Senate, to the country, and to my-
self, to invite the attention of Congress to that
subject once more. This 1 propose to do at this
time, and promise to be as brief as I can to do
the subject that justice its importance to the West
demands.
This motion contemplates establishing a port
of entry at Lafayette, on the Wabash. This
town is situate about four hundred miles by the
river from the mouth of the Wabash, and two
hundred and fifteen, by our canal, from the Mau-
mee bay, on Lake Erie, surrounded by a country
unsurpassed in fertility of soil, becoming wealthy,
and of immense resources. In proposing to es-
tablish a port of entry at the place mentioned, 1
have two objects in view; first, to invite and ex-
tend commerce to the interior of our country, and
to remove the last objection that can be raised to
an appropriation of money by Congress to im-
prove the navigation of the river.
This proposition has nothing- new or novel in
it; the principle has been frequently acted on by
Congress; ports of entry have been established
high up on many of our rivers, and I am unable
to°perceive any good objection to this being done.
It invites our merchants in the interior to become
the importers of their own goods, direct from
foreign markets, to such parts of our country as
consume them, thereby saving to the merchants
iu (he interior the drayage, storage, commission,
and other charges that they are subjected to when
their packages have to be opened, goods stored,
and duty paid, in the ports of New York or New
Orleans.
ft is true that steamboats cannot pass the rapids
at White river, and ascend the Wabash to Lafay-
ette and our canal, when the river is low. This
was also the case with the Ohio before the con-
struction of the Louisville and Portland canal.
Steamboats could not pass the Falls of the Ohio,
to ascend to Cincinnati and Pittsburg, unless the
Ohio was high, and ports of entry were estab-
lished at both places. The United States con-
tributed to aid the construction of the Louisville
and Portland canal, and we expect them to im-
prove the navigation of the Wabash.
The Wabash is equally as susceptible of navi-
gation above the rapids, near White river, as the
Ohio from Marietta to Pittsburg, and better than
Cumberland; and a port of entry has been estab-
lished at Nashville. Of this 1 do not complain;
it is, in my judgment, right and proper. I ask
no more for the Wabash than has been done for
other rivers of similar claims, and I hope this will
not be denied.
By the Blue Book I find that ports of entry are
established in several of the old States, at places
where it was once thought necessary, that turn
out to be rather unimportant. Some of these
ports yield no revenue, but officers of the cus-
toms are appointed; and where no business is to
be performed no salary is paid. At other places
one hundred and fifty or one hundred and eighty
dollars are paid, where but little service is re-
quired. A port of entry at Lafayette cannot be
less important than some of those arc.
It is due to the intelligent and enterprising pop-
ulation invited by the wise policy of this Gov-
ernment to seek homes on the western waters,
that a port of entry should be established among
them, to encourage commerce. In 1827 a grant
of land was made to aid in constructing a canal
to connect, at navigable points, the waters of the
Wabash with those of Lake Erie. This grant
consists of the one half of five miles on each side
of the canal line, to be divided by alternate Ueis
of sections.                                                          .
The State of Indiana rated her lands at first,
second, and thiid-rate. Those lands are sold at
#1 50, $2 £0, or p 50 per acre. Agreeably to
this rate, by thus rating the canal lands, we have
raised the United States lands in that vicinity to
a corresponding value; and a quantity of United
States lands have been sold at these prices, that
would have remained unsold for twenty years to
come, if no public improvement had been begun
in that country.
The United States received §693,522 40 for
lands sold in Indiana last year, from the extraor-
dinary sales. I infer that these sales are owing
to the improvements going on there, and that the
grant of land to aid in the construction of the
Wabash and Erie canal has been beneficial to
the United States; and I challenge the most vio-
lent opponent of internal improvement to pass
our rivers, lakes, and canals, from New York to
New Orleans, and say, if he will, that these pub-
lic works do not promote the best interest of our
country.
After leaving the steamboat at Albany, the
traveler will pass rapidly on the railroad to Sche-
nectady, thence westward, he sees millions of
tons of freight floating on the canal and lake to
the far West. Continuing his journey southwest
along the Maumee river, that part of the Wabash
and Erie canal line not yet under contract, here the
country is progressing slowly in population and
cultivation; but when the traveler arrives at Fort
Wayne, where the work is progressing on our
canal, everybody is engaged, all is bustle and
business; and from Fort "Wayne, crossing the
summit between the Mississippi and the St. Law-
rence,seventy-five miles of the canal are completed,
or in agood state of forwardness. Here aro to be
seen farms and villages springing up, as it were,
by magic; nothing is wanting but a continuance
of the fostering care of this Government to make
this a most desirable part of the country in a
short time.
Emigrants are daily arriving among us from
New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. Men of
wealth and business, who have been engaged as
engineers or contractors on the public woiks in
the old States that have been finished, go West
with educated and intelligent families, seeking a
, permanent home. These present a very different
! appearance from that class of individuals that
roam the western wilds after bear and deer.
Should a traveler stop for the night in one of
our villages that are springing up at every ten or
fifteen miles along the canal, where the work has
been begun, and does not rise by twilight, he
will be aroused by the sound of the hammer, the
woodman's ax, or the mechanic's plane. This
is tlie finit of the wise policy heretofore pursued
by this Government towards the new States in the
West: its blessings cannotbe too widely diffused.
I happened in conversation with one of the
postmasters last fall; he remarked that he was
astonished to see the number of newspapers and
pamphlets that passed his office for Huntington,
and other villages-on the canal. " The people in
these neighborhoods take more papers," said he,
" than many other places of twice their age and
four times their population—and must be a read-
ing people." This is, no doubt, true;"and where
we find a reading people wo always find a moral
and industrious people, who patronize schools
and other institutions that enlighten the mind
and elevate the character of man.
The population that are flocking to that coun-
try arc both enterprising and industrious. By
their exertion they are opening farms, budding
towns, and constructing the canal. The face of
the country is undergoing a wonderful change.
What was but a few days ago a desert for wild
beasts to roam through, has become the peaceful
abode of civilized man. It is in that country, and
for the benefit of these people, that I have en-
deavored to describe that I wish to establish a
port of entry , and to improve the navigation of
their river.
Strong inducements have been held out to the
people to purchase and settle western lands. Men
who have emigrated to the West, and divested
themselves of the commercial facilities to which
they were accustomed in the eastern States, look
to the General Government to extend these facili-
ties to their new homes; and the Government
owes it to the people to diffuse its blessings to
all parts of our country where it can be done
with convenience, as it can in this case.
I am not one of those who believe, that a law
of Congress, establishing a port of entry, confers
| power to appropriate money to improve rivers.
! All that has been said and written upon this sub-
! ject has not changed my mind.    I entertain no
doubt but the power exists to appropriate money
to improve rivers in any part of the United States
¡ or their Territories, Where the  business of the
i people requires such improvement.
The eighth section of the first article of,the Con-
stitution of the United States, granting powers,
reads thus:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and col-
' lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises; to pay
' the debts and provide for the common defense
' and general welfare of the United States."
The same section concludes as follows:
" To make all laws which shall be necessary
' and proper for carrying into execution the fore-
1 going powers, and all other powers vested by
' this Constitution in the Government of the
' United States, or in any department or officer
'thereof."
Here is a grant of power by the Constitution
itself, authorizing the legislative department of
the Government to make all laws necessary and
proper for the public interest. The ordinance of
Congress of July 13,1787, is older than the Con-
stitution, and binding on the parties to that instru-
ment, (which has, unfortunately, been too much,
overlooked in this whole transaction.) The Wa-
bash is a reserved public highway, free to all the
people of the United States; and I propose to
i establish a port of entry on that river, and to
' improve this public highway. I can find no limit-
ation on the power of Congress, or the President,
tis regards appropriations to improve the naviga-
tion of rivers, and to establish ports of entry,
besides their own discretion. Does not the Con-
stitution, and constant practice of the Govern-
ment, authorize the improving of this river? and
the interest of a large portion of our constituents
seems to demand it.
There is an additional reason for establishing
this port of entry; it will remove a difficulty from
a certain quarter that I have found extremely in-
convenient. It can cost nothing—it will violate
no principle; and where it is within the power
of Congress to do so much good, without violat-
ing the former practice of the Government, or
creating new expenses, I think it will hardly be
denied us.
it may be asked, whv this motion was not made
last year,before the Wabash bill passed? It was
introduced by an honorable member of the other
branch of Congress at the last session, but,
owing to the press of business in that House, did
not got through. I am desirous to get an expres-
sion of the Senate on this proposition at as early
a day as may be convenient, that it may have an
opportunity of becoming a law before we adjourn.
This motion looks to establishing a port of
entry, and improving the river. Near half a
million of people reside on the Wabash and its
I tributaries, all deeply interested in the steps taken
here to extend to them commercial facilities.
Every gentleman conversant with the New Or-
leans market for the upper country produce will
testify that the rise of the Wabash, to let our
boats pass the rapids of White river, has an in-
fluence upon the sales at New Orleans. Should
not the river rise to let boats out early in the
spring ,our produce ,consisting of flour, corn, pork,
and beef, is locked up at home, and prices are
high in the lower country. When the river rises,
and boats get off, they are thrown all at the same
time into "the market below. Our produce is
mostly carried to market by our farmers, who,
anxious to return to their farms, and dreading the
disease of a southern climate in the sickly season,
sell at great sacrifice. Many of our people fall
victims to the disease, and find graves in that
country. Hundreds^f lives and thousands of
dollars are sacrificed in that unhealthy climate
every year. A portion of these can be preserved
by the improvement proposed.
The delegation are not urging this measure
upon Congiess of their own accord. Our Legis-
lature has frequently memorialized Congress upon
these subjects, and I have no doubt will do so
again at this session. We do no more than reit-
erate here the wishes of those we have the honor
to represent, with a hope that a deaf ear may not
be turned to our request.
In submitting a resolution to the Senate a few
days ago, I alluded, in the most temperate lan-
guage, to a publication made in the Globe last
summer, as I then believed, to array the Jackson
paity in Indiana against me, for advocating the
improvement, by the United States, of the navi-
gation of the Wabash. For this I am again
assailed, and insinuations made calculated to ín-
I jure me, and to prejudice this measure.    It is
n        ____________     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                    December 24,
true, that I live on the Wabash, and, like other i
'men of industry who settled there at an early \
day, own some land, but far from a great estate, I
as charged by the Globe. And were it true that ¡
I have a large estate, is that good ground for the i
"Globe to oppose improving the river, and thereby
injure the people of more than one State ?
If any person have charges to prefer against
me either in my public orprivate capacity, let
them be brought forward: I stand ready to meet
them at all times and places.   I have no'favors to ¡
:ask.    But if it is expected to deter me from my i
duty by such attacks, they are mistaken,  [shall 1
voto according to my own sense of right, with-
out being driven from my course by throats or
insinuations.*
NEW  POST  ROUTES.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr Hendricks, was taken urj and adopt-
ed:
Resolved, That the Committee 0:1 the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Louisville, by way of Salem, Bond, Bedford,
Bloomfield, and Bowling Green, to Terre Haute.
Also, a post road from Bedford, throughMount
Pleasant, to Portersville.
Also, from Danville, through New Maysville,
Green Castle, Putnamville, Manhattan, Pleasant
Garden, Bowling Green, Ramsay's Mill, Clay
county, and Caledonia, to Carlisle; 01 so much
of said route as may not heretofore have been
established by law.
RESOLUTIONS OF INQUIRY/.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were taken up and adopted:
point of view, how can he with propriety assume
that what he thus adopts on his own part* as
friendly to his object, is evidence of hostthty on
our part towards it ?
General Tipton's speech, as it appears in the
National Intelligencer, has the following remark:
" He should avail himself always of the op-
portunity to express his sentiments, despite of
the threat which had been held out by the'Globe
of another attack, in addition to the one which
was made a few days since on hun.
" That print threatened the publication of
charges made by one of Ins colleagues. He in-
vited the publication of all charges against his
pnvatcand public conduct; and he flattered him-
self that he should have little difficulty i.i defend-
ing himself to the satisfaction of his constituents
and all unprejudiced minds."
The speech, as it appears in the Globe to-day,
having undergone General Tipton's revision, and
containing no such remark, we infer that the
report in the Intelligencer cannot have his sanc-
tion. We, therefore, treat it as the reporter's
mistake when we give it a direct contradiction,
Wc deny that " a threat" of attack upon Gen-
eral Tipton "has been held out by the Globe."
We stated that attacks had been threatened front
other quarters, and that wc used our good offices
to prevent them. We have never even " threat-
ened the publication of charges made by one of his
colleagws." We are not informed that any one
of his colleagues have now the remotest intention
of making the charges which we spoke of as
having been once in contemplation. We spoke
of the pail, not the future, and meant to prove that
we did not entertain the personal hostility to
General Tipton, to which our article, purely
defensive of the President's motives, had been
ascribed.
We owean apology to those, however, of whose
relations with General Tipton we had spoken,
without using a name. There had been a frank-
ness and boldness used by the party in question,
that satisfied us no wish was entedtained to con-
ceal opinions held as to General T. This we
felt a sufficient justification to use facts known to
several, to vindicate ourselves from the unjust
imputation of acting in our public capacity from
private malice, and that, too; when vindicating
the motives of the Chief Magistrate. The party
alluded to, we trust, will consider the object we
had in view of sufficient importance to justify the
remote way in which he has been involved by
our allusion.
If there is anything implied in the authentic
speech published in the Globe to-day, calculated
to lend support by inference to the interpretation
of the National Intelligencer, then the above
remarks will be as applicable to the one as to the
other.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General inform
the Senate whether so much of the act of Con-
gress, approved June 35, 1,-vü, establishiiiga mail
route from Bunit-C'orn. 111 the State of Al.ibenia
by Claiborne, Clarksvillo, Coffcevi'lo, Washing-
ton Court House, Winchester, Ellsville, Wil-
liamsburg, Momicello, and Mead viile, to ,\atcheZ)
in the State of Mississippi, has been carried into
effect; and if it lias not, what cause or causes have
prevented it
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Augusta, Ki Perry county, Mississippi, by the
bay of Beloxi, to Hancock Court House, in the
same State.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing the appointment of an agent to re-
ceive evidence of losses sustained by the inhabit-
ants of th" State of Alabama by an invasion of a
party of Creek Indians in 1814, when Fort Mims
was taken, and those who fled there for protec-
tion massacred.
OATHS BY REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
The hill from the House of Representatives to
authorize the registers and receivers of the land
offices of the United States to administer oaths
in al! matters connected with their official duties,
was read a second time and referred.
COLONEL LEISENDORFER.
The bill for the relief of Colonel John Eugene
Leisendorfer was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
[Colonel Leisendorfer was one of the subordi-
nate officers under command of General Eaton,
when lie marched from Egypt with the forces of
the exiled Bashaw Caramullo, to cooperate with
the naval expedition under Commodore Preble
against Tripoli, in 1804.]
Mr. BENTON, in support of the bill, went
into a brief but interesting detail of the services,
sufferings,and thomeritsof Colonel Leisendorfer
Mr. POINDEXTER opposed the bill on the
ground that it would be setting a bad precedent
to increase the compensation of this individual.
He objected also to the provision in the third
section, pensioning him on the same ground, and
contended that it would furnish a good precedent
for the heirs of General Eaton to make a similar
claim upon Congiess.
Mr. BENTON said that, in running over the
history of General Eaton's life, he should judge
that ho had received no remuneration; and'if an
application should be made on the part of his
heirs, it would stand with me on the same footing,
relative circumstances considered, with the grant
to La Payette, and 0,1 a better footing than the
grant to the Polish exiles, for both of which he
had voted with hearty goodwill. He also said
that, in looking into the case of General Eaton,
in our State papers, which he had just done to
make himself master of Colonel Leisendorfer V
case, he made up his mind that he was a meri-
torious and injured man.
Mr. POINDEXTER thought many instances
of the kind might be found on the statute-book.
Mr. PRESTON having objected to the third
section,
Mr. BGNTON said he had no objection to its
being struck out of the bill; and it was accord-
ingly done.
After some remarks from Mr. WEBSTER,
relative to the high character and meritorious
services of General Eaton,
The question was put on the engrossment of
the bill for the third reading; and on a diusion
being demanded by Mr. Poindexteu, the bill was
ordeied to be engrossed—yeas 19, nays 15.
Mr. WEBSTER   then  moved that when the
Senate adjourns, it will adjourn to meet on Satur-
day next; which was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES., '
Wednesday, December 24, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented bv—
Mr. YOUNG, of Connecticut;
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey:
Messrs.  HIESTER, and BEAUMONT, of
Pennsylvania;
*We open our columns to General Tipton to I
enable him to meet some remarks recently made I
by us in repelling an attack on this print, con-!
tainedin a speech delivered by him on the floor I
of the Senate. We feel it due to ourselves, how- !
ever reluctant, to say a word more on the subject, i
—to accompany General Tipton's notice with a '■
brief comment.                                                             i
I11 the first place, we aver that the publication '
alluded to, whatever General Tipton " then be- '<
¡icved," was not intended "to array the Jackson ¡
parly in Indiana against him for advocating the im- 1
provement by the United States of the navigation of I
the Wabash."   Our sole object was to vindicate!
the motives of the Chief Magistrate from the im-
putation of hostility to Indiana, in refusing his
assent to the appropriation to the Wabash, on [
■which there was no port of entry, and of partiality I
to other States, because he had acquiesced in ap-
propriations to other, streams in which there are
ports of entry established.    This impeachment
of the President's  motives  we  considered dis-
tinctly made in the circular of Senator Tipton;
and as we know that the President had proceeded
altogether upon principios plainly laid down on
several  previous  occasions, and  not upon   un-
worthy preferences, we considered it due to him
to give the explanations contained in the publica-
tion  complained of by General Tipton.     Wc,
however, insist that the explanation was given in <
the most decorous terms, and in the kindest spirit \
towards General Tipton, as is shown by the ref-
erence made in the beginning of the article, of the
firm support given by him to the Administration
on another important subject.
General Tipton has fallen into another error
in supposing that we have the slightest disposi-
tion to prejudice the measure he has proposed.
The whole tenor of our article, on which General
Tipton commented, breathed a spirit favorable to
the improvement of the Wabash, when circum-
stances would render it compatible with the pun- I
ciplcs laid down by the President; and, indeed,
we suggested in it the very proposition which
General Tipton has now made to the Senate for
the purpose of bringing the Wabash, and its canal
communication with the lakes, within the de-
scription which can alone entitle it to be consid-
ered as of the class of navigable streams which |
are of national importance. If Congress resolve
to unite the lakes with the Ohio, through the
channel of the Wabash, and make ports of entry
and delivery upon it, then, undoubtedly, the river
•will be brought, not only in name, but in fact,
within the President's principle. But while Gen-
eral Tipton adopts our suggestion of obtaining a
recognition of the Wabash from Congress, as a
channel of commerce, important in a national
1834.                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       *ífc
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland;
Mr. POPE, of Kentucky;
Messrs. STANDEFEItand BELL, (Speaker,)
of Tennessee;
Mr. LYON, of Michigan j
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Mr. WISE, of Virginia;
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, of North Carolina;.
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately referred.
The. SPEAKER presented the following me-
morial, being the same as that presented by Mr.
Lyon, of Michigan:
Executive Office,
Detroit, December 12, 1834.
Sir: In obedience to a request of the Legisla-
tive Council of the Territory of Michigan, I have
the honor to transmit to you a memorial of that
body, praying the establishment of a separate
territorial government for the district of country
west of Lake Michigan.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
most obedient servant,
STEVENS T. MASON.
Hon. John Bell,
Speaker of the H.R. United Slates.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Slates in Congress assembled:
At an extra session of the Legislative Council
of the Territory of Michigan, held on the first
Monday of September last, pursuant to an act of
Congress of the 30th of June, 1S34, an act was
passed to provide for the taking a census of the
inhabitants of that part of the Territory of Mich-
igan which is situated to the eastward "of the
Mississippi vivcr.
This duty has been performed by the sheriffs
of the several counties, under oath, and nearly in
the same manner as that which has been hereto-
fore adopted by the General Government to obtain
an enumeration of the citizens of the United
States.
The population is found to amount to ninety-
two thousand six hundred and seventy-three
souls.
The counties situated upon the peninsula, and
those lying north and west of Lake Michigan,
contain the following numbers:
Wayne.........16,638 Jackson..........1,865
Washtenaw____14,920 Berrien...........1,787
Oakland........13,844 Calhoun.........1,714
Monroe........8,542 Branch...........   764
Lenaive........7,911 Michilimackinac..   891
Macomb........ 6,055 Chippewa........   526
Cass...........3,280 Brown...........1,957
St. Joseph......3,168 Crawford........   810
Kalamazoo ..... 3,124 Iowa............2,633
St. Clair........2,244
In this enumeration, the inhabitants of the
country which is situated between the Mississippi
and Missouri rivers, and which was, for the pur-
pose only of temporary government, attached to
the Territory of Michigan at the last session of
Congress, is not embraced. They may be justly
estimated at from five to eight thousand souls.
The population of Western Michigan (now
generally known as the Wisconsin Territory)
may be stated at from twelve to fifteen thousand.
And we would again respectfully ask of your hon-
orable body to hear their complaints, and to grant
to them speedily the relief for which they pray.
The country inhabited by that people has been
subjected, at various times, to different, govern-
ments; but on all occasions the promise seems
to have been held out to them, that their subjec-
tion to those governments should be but tempo-
rary. So remote, indeed, have been the scats of
those governments, that it is believed neither the
laws of the United States nor of any Territory.
actually had force west of Lake Michigan until
after the year 1820. About that time a justice
of the peace or notary public might be seen
claiming and exercising his office there under a
commission from the King of Prance.
The inhabitants between Lake Michigan and
the Mississippi have almost every year since
their subjection to the government of Michigan,
in the year 1818, complained to Congress of the
great evils under which they were suffering in
-consequence of this connection. They are sep-
arated from the great majority of the inhabitants
of the Territory by one of the largest lakes upon
this continent; and it must obviously be very dif-
ficult, if not impracticable, to communicate with
them during one half of the year.
Their pursuits in life are also as widely differ-
ent as their inhabitants are distant.
It is supposed that a very large proportion of
the country which lies between Lake Superior,
Green Bay, and the Fox, Wisconsin, and Missis-
sippi rivers, must continue for many years, as it
is now, the hunting-grounds of uncivilized Indian
tribes.
South of the Wisconsin river, and within this
Territory, and also in the counties of Dubuque
and Demoine, westof theMississippi, are situated
the very extensive and valuable lead mines of the
United States. The miners are the immediate
tenants of the Government, pursuing a very labo-
rious and hazardous business, and payingtheir
rent to it as to a landlord. It is presumed 'they
are, forthese reasons, entitled to its special atten-
tion and protection. They compose more than
two thirds of the population of that part of the
Territory, and they reside upwards of six hun-
dred miles (some as much as nine hundred miles)
from the seat of territorial government.
The judiciary system in that section of the Ter-
ritory, likewise, is so weak and inefficient, that
the laws afford little or no protection to the vir-
tuous, nor docs their prompt and energetic ad-
ministration deter the vicious.
It is feared by that people, that these, and even
greater, evils are about to be entailed upon them
and their country fort ever by the formation of a
State government by the eighty-seven thousand
two hundred and seventy-three people inhabiting
the peninsula of Michigan, and the counties north
of the peninsula, for the whole of the Territory
which lies north of the line drawn cast through the
southerly bend of Lake Michigan.
It is to this unnatural union, so prejudicial to
the best interests of the inhabitants of Western
Michigan, and destructive to (heir rights as
; American citizens, your memorialists would rc-
j spectfully call the attention of your honorable
body; and they do respectfully ask, on behalf of
the citizens of the whole Territory, that Congress
will, at its present session, establish a territorial
government for the citizens inhabiting the terri-
tory lying west of a line drawn through the middle
of Lake Michigan to. the northern extremity, and
thence north to the boundary line of the United
States.
Your memorialists respectfully refer to the act
to provide for taking a census of the inhabitants
of Michigan, passed by the Council, September
C, 1834, together with the aggregate returns of
the census taken under the said act, copies of
which said documents, duly certified by the sec-
retary of the Territory, are herewith presented
to your honorable body.
Resolved, That his Excellency the acting Gov-
ernor be, and he is hereby, requested to transmit
copies of the preceding memorial to the President
of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and to the Delegate in Congress from
this Territory.
Council Chamber,
Detroit, December 12, 1834.
JOHN MeDONELL,
President of the Legislative Council.
John Norvell, Secretary.
VOTING VIVA VOCE.
Mr. REYNOLDS offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That, hereafter, in all elections made
by the House of Representatives for officers, the
votes shall be given viva voce, each member m his
place naming aloud the person for whom he votes.
MICHAEL HENRY.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the rel¡"f of the heirs
of Michael Henry, deceased; which was read
twice, and committed.
HONORS TO  LA FAYETTE.
The joint resolution fixing a day, &c, for the
delivery of an address by John  Q,uincy Adams
on the life and character of La Fayette, was con-
curred in.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
were taken up and agreed to:
By Mr. HUBBARD:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury-
be directed to communicate to this House copies
of any correspondence which has taken place be-
tween himself or any of his predecessors in office
since 1834, as far as practicable, with any of the
officers of the Bank of the United States, or of
any of its branches, which may have any relation
to the claim of the United States against the Bank
of Columbia, and to communicate his opinion as
to the probability of collecting the balance, or
any part thereof, now due from the Bank of
Columbia to the United States.
By Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House such
information as he may have, and which, in his
opinion, may be proper to be communicated, and
not incompatible with the public interest, show-
ing the steps which have been taken and the
progress which has been made in effecting an
adjustment and satisfaction of the claims of
American citizensupon the Mexican Government.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Lincoln, was taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to lay before this House (if,
in his opinion, it is not incompatible with the
public interest) any communication which may
have been had between the Government of the
United States and that of Great Britain, since the-
rejection, by the former, of the advisory opinion
of the Kinx of the Netherlands, in reference to the
establishment and final settlement of the north-
eastern boundary of the United States, heretofore
in controversy between the two Governments.
And that he also be requested to communicate
any information he may possess of the exercise
of practical jurisdiction by the authorities of the
British province of New Brunswick over the dis-
puted territory within the limits of the State of
Maine, according to the true line of boundary as
claimed by the United States, and especially upon
that pan of the territory which has been incor-
porated by the government of Maine into the
town of Madawaska, together with such repre-
sentations and correspondence (if any) as have
been had by the Executive of that State with the
Government of the United States on the subject.
Mr. PARKS, of Maine, said that, as the reso-
lution was one particularly interesting to the
State of Maine, and as no member of the dele-
gation from that State, in either branch of Con-
gress, had thought it necessary to call for inform-
ation on that subject, he asked the honorable
.gentleman from Massachusetts what was his ob-
ject in making the call, and more especially as
regarded what was embraced in the two last parts
of the resolution.
Mr. LINCOLN said it would afford him pleas-
ure to respond to the inquiry of the gentleman.
The subject involved in the motion he had sub-
mitted was one of deep interest to the people of
Massachusetts, and he would be faithless to his
trust were he to suffer any opportunity to pass
to maintain and vindicate that iuteiest. • By the
actof Massachusetts, whereby Maine had become
a separate and independent State, there was a res-
ervation of a right to enjoy in common a moiety
of the proceeds of the rales of unappropriated and
uncultivated lands, situated within the boundary
of the new State, amounting to about five mil-
lions of acres.    The British Government had set
up a strong pretension to these lands under the
treaty of 1783, in which Massachusetts was so
largely interested.    The matter in dispute was
finally referred to the arbitrament of the King of
the Netherlands, who had mciely indicated an
opinion  adverse  to the  interests of Maine and
Massachusetts.   This opinion produced great ex-
citement in the two States.    The Legislature of
! Maine protested againstit in strong language, and
! sent a commissioner to the Legislature of Massa-
1 chusetts, (who is now a member of this House,
Mr. Parks,) calling upon that State to stand by
! her in preventing this encroachment upon her ter-
1 ritory and sovereignty. Massachusetts did pledge
her faith, that in "all "times and all circumstances
r she would stand by Maiue'in opposition to tins
¡ decision of the King of the Netherlands, which,
¡ if carried into effect, would operate as a transfer
! of the citizens of a free country to the dominion
74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decemter 24,
of a foreign Government and a monai cliv   These '
remonstrances weie ielt in the councils of the ¡
nation      [Mi   L   heie read the lesolutions wl ich
weie submitted to the Senate of the UnitedSfites
on tins subject ]
Mi   L  icfcned to the last annual message of
tilt Pitsidcnt,m order to show that th< ncgotia
tions upon the subject of this boundary line weie
not reopened     It was for the purpose of know
nig whether this was intended to be done, and
what was doma;, by the Government on this sub  |
ject, that he had offered the lesolution      He en
tcied into a histoiy of the negotiations which had
taken place, and of the treatment which th   eiti
7pbi of Mime had received  fiom  the   British
authoutics,   paiticularly at   Madawiski      The
honoi of Maine  was not i i his custody, but in
ablei hards     It was,  howevei, time to  know
whether this contioveisy was to be settled, and
in what  mannei      It wis due to the Stiisof
Maine and Massichusetts that they should  be
jntormed on this subject    Thru ícspective Lcgi«
latiiHS would assemble n a few days, and they
should be made acquainted with th' pies ut state
of this contioveisy      If he knew   anything of !
the   temper of these governments, they would |
noi mu h longer submit to tudy negotiation on
this  subject      It  was   with   these   ntvvs   (end
wl ich hi  explunctl much mere   it h ngtn) th it |
he had been induced to offer the lesolution
Mi   P1RKS in  leply sud, tint the House j
won! I  by this turn   p ic no th it the lesolution
fiom the geiitlemin fiom Massichuse ts was of a
nost exti mdinary chaiactei, md the if asons h« ,
liadassi,ne d foi bunging it foi w udweie (he must
s tv) equally i xlt loidmaiy    The gentleman gives
es  his   icason why he   inUrfeies   ill   a question
touel nig  the juusdiction  of anothn  State, that
Massachusetts, a patt of which i e lepresents on j
tin-, flioi, is ntciL'itdl in the piopeity 01 ownei
•hip of the temtory in dispute between fbcS'ate '
of Maine and the United States on one side, and i
Gnat Entain on the othc i      It was tine, that]
wh"ii Maim diteimmed to assume the rank of a
free, soveieign, mil independe it State, s n  was
eompelkd by hei  kind guaidian molhei, M issa
shusi tts, to piy well foi hot hbeity, to pinchase
feci  fit dom   ata hi„h  price, by   asseitiiig that
üd issae husctts  shoul 1 be the   ov\ net with hei m
sommoii of tin wildl mds thf nundispos dcfwitli
in h i t mtoiy    but shi did not grant to M iss i
chuselts my |iiiisilii tion oiei tin sime      Mum
will dlwiysi toll ct tin si  uic imstinees     The
ífísí, the gentlim in fiom  M issaebuse tts si ems to
h ive foigotten, foi he nowco m s foiwaid to nsl ,
as h   is plins d to say , as i iiiembei fi >m  Mat,
m husilts  intiicstid  m the  piopettii, to mqune
vvh  Ih i   th   jti)i diction of JIaine h is  b in in
lunged upon,   \ hi biting i kind pa) en rc/solicitudt ,
asifsh   hid no oik on this fk oi, n m the othei
II )us , to vvateh ovii   hi i honoi   oi  pioteet hei
lights   mil thi*, too, without my nisttuctionsfiom
Missithu°ctts to move   it all in  the matt i      If
Miss ichusetts belieiestlnt M me has violated
hei futh pledged to her by ti e solemn ictthittf
ficied tin   sep nation, let hi r, is a State, call on
M urn is iStiti , e u hm then sovereign cap iciues,
foi d bleach of that compict, foi by that lompact
tlone has she my ughtof owm lship m the tern
tin y m question, and with th it compict this Pi de
i il Go/ mm nth is nothing to do    When Mame
fills to fulfill any of hei obhgitions, the i s/ie will
h ivc a light to com plain, and totake^uch moasuies
asaStati asslit may think idvisabl    buteventhen
sh    will have no light tocóme hete for  lediess
Iht Stite of Maine is not to be call d to the bir
of this House to answ i foi hei conduct to Mas
s ichusetts     I aver  that  the gentleman, in the
cipacity in  vvhiih  he mak s this call, \i/ , is a
irpieientiUnc  ij •.Waiiacliwctts, has no   right, on
this fluoi, to mteifeie with the question of jmis
du Hon of M mu  within h r own limits     Thank
God, the time his pissed by, when she has my
legal night to mteifeie m om internal iclations, oi
external eithi l, excepting sue h as m ly ugaid out
engigcmcnts with heis If     But further, sir, if
she deslíes infoimation upon this mattei, she has
the mateiials for it within heiself    She has but
to tall upon h i own land a  nt, and „he will get
infoimation mu h mon eou  etandaceui iti th m
can be | os«ibh in the uossi  si m oi iny Depait
ment of this G iveiument     Her lind agent tiav
erses every poition of oui extensive foiests with
out let, huidianct, tu  tuntiol, lit lias as many
deputies as he chooses to employ, and the lion
orablc gei tlemai , fiom the offitiel situation  ho
h s for so many  icaishcldas  the Govemoi of
Massachusetts, must k low full well   hat no indi
vidual in this nation has moie mfoimati >n upon
that I laneh of his mquuv, than  the gentkmm
who so honoi ably and fiithfully fills the oihec of
her land agent     But, sn, the hrnoiable ¿i ntle
man goes fuuhei   he oa'ls f n any eouespn tie mo
that may have taken place between  the giviin
mentofMaini   ind the Government of the Umied
States upon the same subjoi t of jutisdii tion, «nd
this, too, as I undcistmd, likewise in his capicity
as  a mcmbei   fiom Massachusetts     To   this I
ansvvei, that to Massichusetts she is not account
able   foi    anything   that m ly have  taken pi ice
between hei,as a Stat , and the Genei il Govern
ment   Whcnevci Massachusetts, isa i mdividu il
ov/nci of ci ltam leal estuc with n her limits, is
injured bv my act oi conduct of hi is, then she,
like all othei   mdividu lis, miy seek hei lemedy
fiom that State   but she must n collect she is but
vn individual   piopnetoi, having a stake m  the
sod, uid the soil o ily
But, sn, let us suppose that the gentleman quits
the pisition he assumed astillmgfoi tlusinfoim
ation as a member of Mass ichusetts, and that he
c ills foi it m his i  Iation is the Renusintative of
a jmit of the pioplc of the United States on this
flooi —should it be gianted     INcitlicr of the mem
beis fiom Maine have desiitd it, niy, the  hon
orable gentleman confesses that lie did not consult
any one of them upon the subject, neithti lias the
Lxccutivc desaed it, eithei foi its o,vn justifica
tioi oi  any othei pmpose     -Neithei of the pai
ties nitciested, uid  only nueiested, have m idi
any icquiston  the subject, and yet, the gentle
mill fiom Miss ichusetts, out of his abundant
lcgnd md solicitude foi the inteiests and honoi
of Mune, (foi I can see no othei reison,) wishes
to know wncthei  the junsdic ion of Maine has
been infringed upon, and desnes to see (if any)
what cone?pond net has taken   place   betwttn
htr and the   Gimial Government on the  sub
ject     Sa, it  Si cms to  me that  such  cuuosity
in a simiigc) to the parties is mniopci, if it is not
oQiciouh     ton, I do not object to this resolution
because I fi u that m any manner it will (if oassoel)
lniphcati  the honoi of the State which, in jiait, 1
upi  sent on th s ilooi      Iexjn   ssly disavow any
sutil fi elmg     So lai as thc'honoi of the State i
lonccintd, I should he pelf ctly Willi ig to h iv
\ cvciy act done, evciy woid wiittin, and eveiy
thing pioposed  oi  intimated by thit State, laid
ojien to the woild    I leai not that she would suf
fti by it     I object so'ely foi two reason     in the
| fnstp'dte, th it if, is fiom the Piosidmt s mes
si^ , a hopi lemimsof a peaceable adjustment of
this pupli xmg qui stion, a full answci to the les
oh tion would not do good, but might do hum
Vnd secondly , be ausc tiie call, coming as itdoes,
lsdtiogatoiy to the State, and  to  its  members
upon the fl  oi of this xnd the othei   House, and
mo ig whom lie some of tin gentlemin's most
irdent  political  fuends      I  do not undtistind
f om the  gentle man  tint he  contemplates any
1 violative action of this House upon the sub
ject   ni i indeed em I wi 11 see how any can be
had     If  my comnunieations hive talc n pi ice
b tw en the govtinmi nt of Maini and the Gen
i i d Government, it must be in the chaiactei   of
' th   la't i, is gencial gun inte   to the individual
j States of tlu ir lights and tcmtoiy, and to the Ex
ecutive in his cipacity as i comjionent pait of the
tieity making jiovvci,through which all attempts
' at a peaceable idjustment of this controveisy must
be had     Does this House seek to intrude itself
upon that po ver, uid appi opílate to itself lights
| vvInch   by th   Constitution die seemed to differ
cm blanches of the Government' But,sir,Ipnnei
p illy oppose tin resolution, because uncalled foi
isitis,eithei bytht EYeeutiveGovornmenton the
one hand, and the State on the othei    This House
I ought to have too much respect foi the n&hts of
Stites to countenance this attempt of the gentle
man fiom Massachusetts, the moie especially as
f om his own statement hi does not m ike the call
i in his capacity as a 1 gislatoi of the Union, but
I as a member of Massachusetts which State, fi on
commo i civility to hei sistei  State, should have
I m id   the c ill, if neci ssn y, directly upon hei    I
I wun this House to be can ful how they justify
this course— how they approbate this piceedent  I
I dsl^whatwou'd have been tin. language of Gtor-
gn, foi example, if, contiaiy to eithei hei wishes
oi th«t of the Genei i! Govei iment, the cone
«po idenceof hei r\ociitiv( wi h the Executive of
tin Union had been ca led for by i member fiom
a drf lent State, who'ly unintoies'cd in the m it
tci, what would hive bun the feelings of that
State, ot of any oth r State m the Union? 1 siy
thatapiecedentforthis call, made 11 this mannei,
cannot be found in the whole «gH itivc history of
this countiy and I again wirn the teal fuends of
State lights how they countenance it It is dc-
íogatoiy toeveiy membei of both Houses of Con-
giess fiom Maine, because it vntually picnmes
that they aic f ngetful of her honoi and mteiest
Mi LljNCOLN disavowed any in ention of
arraigning M"ine, or of inteifciing in any way
with hei 1 onoi oi inteiest
Mi PARKS I am well awaie, Mr Speaker,
that the honoiablt gentle man expiessly disavows
any such intent, and I am not the It ss awaie, sir,
that such is tin mfi once that must bo diawn
fiom the lesolution, viz tint the members from
Mime aie deichct to hei honoi md inteiests, and
that they have to take wing and lodge thcmsi Ives
undei the piotect,ng and fostering care of Massa-
chusetts The gentleman says " Would to God
I could sjieak foi Maine on this flooi '" Mi
Speakei, I well know that Massachus tts has a
stiong di sue to take the benighted ptopk of Man e
undei hei caie and p ot"ction, and  hat nothing
p.events but the mdiffaence of the people them
selves to piofit by so high an /«me  1 shou'd
have thoua it, sn, but foi the rosoli tion of yes-
teiday, that the people of the State which the
gentleman lcpiesents must, by this time, have
leaiiieel, by the fiequcnt lcjection of then kinl
offices,and moie jiaiti ulaily by the ev nts if the
last sunimei, that the people of Mamo considei
themselves as of age, and abundantly capable of
fnmi g their own ojimions on publn mitteis,
piotccung their own vigl ts and honoi, and st
curing hei own best inteiests The gentliman
says the honoi of Mune is not m his hands
Tiue, sn, it is not It is hete in the hands of her
Stmtois and Ptopiesentatives and when they
shall piovt licieint to, or insufficient for, the
task confided to them, she will iocill them, and
eithei send others bettei fitted foi the tiust, oi
peihapi call on the geutkn an fiom Massachusetts
foi aid
Mi Speal ei, I agun repeat that I do not op-
pos the pausan of this lesolution because I fear
th it any developments tint might Lcmae'e would
eompiomit the honoi of my State I believe it is
' al ove feai and ibove lepioach," if not, then
let hei suffi i foi it But, sn, I oppose it as setting
a piecedentinjunous, is I b h ve, to State n&hts,
and as being an unauthorized mteifeience m die
affairs existing betwi en one of the sovereign
States of this Union and thtG ner il Government,
which will tend suonsrly, to say the ¡east, to de-
stioyali thatpaihamentaiy com tesy which ought
evei to exist on thjs floor between the R present-
antes of the people of different independent com-
munities
Mi LVANS was ignoiant of the intention of
the gentleman fiom MissachusettsfMr Li^coi v]
j to offei the lesolution uiid"i coi sideration He
contended that the motion was not only propel,
but necessaiy That infoimation was requisi e
to enable mcmbeis from the State of Maine to aet
a id vote undi istandingly on this lmpoitant s-ub
Ijcct Massachusetts (he said) was no volunteer
in the mattei, hei aid had been asked by a special
mission fiom the State ot Mame, and even if it
weie not so any mem) er on that floor, let him
come fiom whit State he might, had a right to
ask foi the infoimation requntd Maine had in-
variably looked to  the   aid of Massachusetts in
I the piogiess of this contioversy She had not
looked in vain, and she had always felt giateful
to that State for the coopei ation and suppoi t which
she had leceived fiom that quarter This was
the first tune that he had evei heaiel Massachu
setts repio tolled foi hei deteimination to stand
by Maine in this contest
Mi PARKS cxpl uned Pie did not reproach
Massachusetts because she had consented to stand
by Mame in this controversy But he did not
thank Massaclmsi tts for coming forwud here
with a piopisitioti on this subject, without eon
suiting Maine or any one of liti membeis on this
flooi
Mr   EVANS continued     His colleague did
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
"75
not think that because Massachusetts held an in-
ti-it/st in the. propeity within the territory in
dispute with Gnat Britain, she liad any right to
interfere, and he had also stepped aside to assail
the manner in which this right of property was
acquired !>y Massachusetts. The separation of
Mame from Massachusetts was a matter of com-
piomise. There were a great many individuals
i:i the present State of Maine who were opposed
to the separation, because, perhaps, they were
unwilling to part with t.ie preponderating politi-
cal influence of Massachusetts. His colleague
was among the number who were decidedly op-
posed to the separation.
Mr. PARKS again rose in explanation. He
opposed the terms of separation, because the new
State was required to surrender to Massachusetts
so much of her territory, and not in consequence
of any political consideration.
Mr. EVANS said he accepted the explanation.
He did not pretend to know the precise motives
which liad actuated his colleague, and he begged
his pardon if lie had mistaken them.
But his colleague had argued that this cal! for
information was unnecessary, inasmuch as no
legislative action was contemplated, or could
necessarily grow tmt of it. How does he know
this' If it should turn out that the Government
of Great Bntain was exercising practical juris-
diction within the territory in dispute, contrary
to a positive pledge to refrain from any such as-
sumption, might not legislation on our part very
properly flow from such a course of proceedings'>
Mr. E. proceeded, at some length, to examine
the history of the negotiations with Great Britain
in relation to the matter in dispute, and contended
that Massachusetts held such an interest in the de-
cision of the subject, as would completely justify
her in inquiring what was the present state of
these negotiations. For aughl she kno%vs, a prop-
osition might be made by the British Government
to pay a sum in money for the lands in dispute;
and if so, had not that State a right to inquire
what disposition had been, or was to be, made of
this raoney? He could not see how Maine could
be degraded by such a step on the part of Massa-
chusetts. Perhaps his colleagues had some knowl-
edge touching the present state of the negotiations
on the subject. He had none. He desired to
have this information—-he wished to know
whether the negotiation was resumed upon a
basis which would satisfy Maine? On this sub-
ject his colleague seemed content—he was not.
Jt was true that Maine had been very quiescent
for some time past. There had been no minister
in London (where the negotiations were pend-
ing) for about two years and a half. For sev-
eral years this boundary question had formed a
most exciting topic in Maine. Latterly there had
been great apathy—hardly a whisper was heard.
Those who formerly spoke the most and the
loudest on this subject had become perfectly calm
and indifferent.
In conclusion, Mr. E. said that this was a
question in which the whole Union should feel
interested. The disputed territory,-although a
part of the State of Maine, was also a part of the
United Slates, and lie could see no impropriety
in a member from any other State proposing a
' call for information upon a subject in which the
nation generally was concerned.
Mr. LINCOLN said, that from the admonition
lie had received from the first member from Maine
[Mr. Parks] who had addressed the House, it
might hereafter be a question of consideration
how far it would be pioper for him to submit a
proposition here without first seeking a confer-
ence with that gentleman. He offered, as an
apology for what had been termed a gratuitous
interference with the affairs of Maine, the pecu-
liar interest which Massachusetts possessed in
the subject. The member from Maine had evaded
the true question, and had referred to motives.
His motives m offering the resolution were of a
most disenterested character. But the gentleman
iiad complained of the terms upon which Maine
had become an independent State. Was that
complaint just? He thought not. Massachu-
setts, prjor to the separation, was a first-rate
State in point of population and territory, and by
the act of separation she was, in this particular,
only a third-rate State. Was it, therefore, un-
reasonable that she should seek to retain a part
of the waste and uncultivated lands within the
boundary of the new State; to be disposed of for
her peculiar benefit! Was that derogatory to
her? Were not similix terms exacted upon the ad-
mission of the oth-r States into the Union? Had
not Massachusetts as much right to claim this
reservation as had the United States to retain
wild and uncultivated lands, subject to her future
disposition, upon the formation of a new and in-
dependent State? This was no new principle.
It was the first time that he had heard Massa-
chusetts accused of having agreed to the separa-
tion by imposing hard and "unfair terms upon
Maine. There was a time, and there was record
evidence of the fact, that quite a different feeling
pi evaded.
Mr. L. was at a loss to perceive any objection
which could be pr .perly urged against the pro-
posed call for information. The subject to which
it had reference involved interests of great mag-
nitude. No less than five million acres of land,
worth about $15,01X1,00!), were in dispute. The
question relative to French spoliations was of
far less importance, and even that question was
now agitating the whole country. It had been
urged that Massachusetts could obtain the desired
information thiough her land agents in Maine.
This was a mistike. They could not obtain it.
Besides, they might be arrested by the British
.«.-itho'-ities. The gentleman said that no legisla-
tion was to follow upon the reception of this in-
formation. Who authorized lum to make any
such assertion ? But it was contended that it was
derogatory to go to the Department here for the
correspondence with the Government of Mame;
and it was asked why we do not seek it by ap-
plying'to the latter? There was a reason why
Massachusetts should not apply to Maine for in-
formation. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Parki] was appointed a commissioner to seek the
aid of Massachusetts in preventing a surrender
of this disputed territory. Massachusetts did
pledge herself to stand by Maine ill this contro-
versy. Whatshorlly followed this pledge? Why,
tile Legislature of Maine, with closed doors, re-
ceived a proposition to surrender to the Genera!
Government the whole territory m dispute, to be
negotiated away for money, and this, too, with-
out informing Massachusetts that she had taken
such a step. But this call did not propose to go
back that far in the history of the transaction,
and the gentleman need not fear that anything
would be furnished connected with the proceed-
ings to which he had just referred. He intended
no indignity to the government of Maine by his
resolution. He had proposed a simple call for
information which might be given, if not incom-
patible with the public interest. He thought it
important to the interests of those he represented
that this information should be obtained, and it
was with that view that he had submitted the
motion.
Mr. FOSTER, in addressing the House, re-
marked that it was very annoying to be engaged
in, or to interfere with, family quarrels; but the
position taken and ailtrsions made by various
members would justify "a few remarks from him.
He could see no positive impropriety in the call
on the President for information proposed in the
resolution. There appeared to him just as much
propriety in a call upon the President for inform-
ation in regard to a negotiation between the State
of Maine and the General Government, as if that
negotiation were pending between the latter and a
foreign Power. If this call had been made upon
the Slate of Maine, it would, of course, have been
inadmissible; and if gentlemen had called upon
him for his opinion upon that point it would
freely have been given. The jurisdiction of the
Federal courts was operative in Mame as m other
States. After a few other remarks, (inaudible to
the reporter,) Mr. F. said he heard from gentle-
men on that floor words like " the free, sovereign,
and independent State of Maine." It was music
to his ears, and sounded like the harbinger of the
final predominance of correct principles. Itlooked
as if Maine, at least, was not only assenting to,
but about again enjoying, her sovereign and in-
alienable State rights. Mr. F. said it would be
remembered that he had, at a former period, had
occasion to broach this doctrine on that floor;
and he rejoiced to hear it boldly proclaimed there,
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] that
the General Government of the United States
possessed no power to dispose of any part of the
territory of his State; and that, if that General
Government did so, the act would be null, uncon-
stitutional, and void. This vei y principle {said Mr.
F.) has heretofore been prostrated by the force
of—a name. Ho would gladly, on all*occasions,
stand by the State of Maine, when she asserted
these principles, so vitally important in the pres-
ervation of our free institutions. An allusion had
been made to the fact, that Maine had sent a
minister plenipotentiary to Massachusetts to
negotiate m reference to her rights. This was all
considered perfectly justifiable on the part of
Maine; but how long was it since another State
was sneered at for a similar act? He held, that
the States, in their individual and sovereign
capacities, had the right of treating with each
other by ministers, delegates, or otherwise. He
referred to the resolutions passed some four or
five years ago by the Legislatures of Maine and
of Massachusetts on this northern boundary and
State rights question. He hailed them, and he
hoped they would long be hailed,as burning and
shining lights to govern other States who were
seeking and struggling for their rights—those
I rights which were never delegated, and which
I were inherent only in themselves. He would warn
¡ such States, that in these principles was the rock
of their political salvation; and he rejoiced to see
them spreading from one end of the Union to the
other. He concluded by hoping that all opposi-
tion to the adoption of the resolution would be
withdrawn.
Mr. G1LLET here moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which he afterwards modified by a
call for the orders of the day.
The question on this motion was decided in
the negative—ayes 09, noes 70.
Mr: SMITH said, if he were influenced by the
feelings, or some of the prominent considerations
which had been expressed by his honorable col- .
league who had last spoken, [Mr. Evans,] in
relation to the resolution of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, he certainly could not
feel justified in giving the vote which his honor-
able colleague hod indicated that he should give,
nor in entertaining the conclusions which he does
upon this subject.
The House will remark, sir, that my colleague
commenced his observations with an expression
of entire indifference as to the fate of the resolu-
tion which the gentleman from Massachusetts
has offered. Sir, were I indifferent to a resolu-
tion, involving matters of such vast importance
to the people of Maine, being one of her Repre-
sentatives, 1 could not vote in favor of it.
But the gentleman next said, that he does not
think anything can come out of the resolution if
passed; that he has no idea that the Executive
will answer it, or will answer it in any other way
than by saying, that he lias no information that
can bo communicated relative to the subject-mat-
ter of this resolution, without prejudice to the
pending negotiation. Sir, if I entertained this
conviction, I certainly should feel myself warring
with my sense of duty to vote in favor of the reso-
lution. Why pass it with such an expectation ?
. Again the gentleman says, that he very much
questions the propriety of the Executive's expos-
ing the correspondence and other documents in-
volved in the subject-matter of this resolution at
the present time, and while the negotiation is
pending between this Government and Great
Britain. Sir, could a better reason be given than
such a conviction, to justify and demand that gen-
tleman's vote against the resolution ' I confess I
am unable to conceive of a stronger motive for
opposing the resolution than the gentleman him-
self has thus avowed. And yet lie expresses his
determination to vote in favor, and advocates the
adoption, of the resolution!
Sir, the gentleman has further told the House,
and in this I think him correct to a considerable
extent—that great apathy now prevails in Maine
upon this subject. It is so, in one point of view.
And is n ot this another most satisfactory argu-
ment against the adoption of the resolution?
Why force such a call upon the Executive at this
time, if the people themselves, who are immedi-
ately interested, are not anxious upon the sub-
ject ? I repeat, sir, that if I were governed only
by the arguments which the gentleman's own
remarks furnish upon this subject, I could not
with him vote in favor of the resolution. But it
is true, there is a degree of apathy in Maine, and
76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
with the people of Maine, upon this subject, at
the present time. Sir, the people of Maine take
a proper view of its situation. They consider it in
hands which are bound to control it; they consider
it as still under negotiation, and in a state of pro-
gression. And while it is so, they do not desire
to interpose obstacles to its right termination,
nor to prejudice its progress. My colleague, as
well as the gentleman from Massachusetts,
knows, that the negotiation upon this subject is
still pending between our Government and that
of Great Britain, for the fact has been so an-
nounced in the opening message of the President
to Congress atits present session, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has read to the House
that part of the message.
But, say, my honorable colleague, [Mr. Evans,]
two years and a half have elapsed without any
minister of this Government at the Court of the
British Government to attend to this negotiation.
Sir, this is true; but (said Mr. S.) I am greatly
surprised that my honorable colleague should
have mentioned this fact, either as a reproach
upon the Executive of this nation, or a reason
why this resolution for information should now
pass. Whose fault has it been, lot me ask, during
these two years and a half to. which the gentle-
man alludes, that our Government has been thus
long without a representative in England? Has
it been the fault of the Executive of this nation?
or of the State of Mame, or rather, I should ask,
lias it been the fault of the people of Maine?
Does not my honorable colleague, as well as the
honorable mover of this resolution, know full
well, that two attempts have certainly been made
by the Executive of this nation to have our Gov-
ernment represented at the British Court, and that,
it is no fault of his that the interests of Maine and
Maseachusetts have not been attended to there?
Sir, let rae tell my colleague, and this House also,
that the people of Maine understand right well,
and most correctly, as I believe, that the want
of a national representative at the British Court
on the part of our Government, during those two
and a half years past, has operated as a most
«erious, if not principal, obstacle in the adjust-
ment of this most important boundary question,
in winch Mame is so deeply interested. They
Bndersluud, also, that in this omission to be so
represented abroad, the national Executive is
freo of all blainc, and that upon other heads the
censure should fall.
Sir, (continued Mr. S.,) I can see no practical
good to be accomplished by tins resolution. 1 am
equally ignorant, with the mover of it, and with
my colleague, of the nature of any information
which the Executive can possessupon thesubject,
proper to be communicated to this House,'and
to the public, at this time. The negotiation is
pending still. But the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts says that .Suite is deeply interested
in the negotiation; that Maine has heretofore
sought the aid'of Massachusetts in tins matter,
and that Massachusetts freely pledged herself to
Maine, and most solemnly to stand by her, and
help to inaintain her rights m this controversy,
at all times and undei all circumstances. And
the gentleman here declares, that Massachusetts
has been true to her pledges thus given, and he
here renews those pledges of continued fidelity in
every event to come. And it is with reference to
the alleged interest of that State on this subject,
to her past pledges and .support of Maine, and to
her pledges of continued fidelity, he has offered a
resolution calling for certain information touching
the immediate rigbts and interests of Maine, with"
outintendingtiny disrespectto anyone. This call
is also made subject tr^the very proper condition
which I will regard as "marie in sincerity, that the
Piesideut shall" communicate only such inform-
ation, if any, as cannot prejudice "the negotiation
that is now pending. Sir, all this implies a sus-
picion that there may be information' possessed
by the Executive upon the subject-matter of the
negotiation, which the President will think pioper
to communicate to this House and to the public
at this time. I cannot conceive of its being so.
I do not believe it is so. But, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts thinks otherwise, and is anx-
ious to be informed how the fact is—as he alleges
the deep interest of his State in the matter—as he
has recapitulated her past pledges to Maine, and
asserts her constant fidelity to them, and now
renews them m the most solemn manner, to stand
by Maine in this controversy under all circum-
stances—as he is willing to appeal to the discre-
tion of the Executive upon the propriety of com-
municating at this time either more or less, or
none at all,,of the supposed information upon the
subject; and as he (Mr. S.) also had entire-con-
fidence in the discretion of the President to com-
municate the documents sought, if any there be,
or to withhold them, as the interests of Maine,
Massachusetts, and the nation may, in his opin-
ion require, he (Mr. S.) would, from these insin-
uations alone, if the gentleman from Massaclra-
I setts persists in crowding his resolution upon the
Executive at this time, vote for its passage. But
(said Mr. S.) I protest against the idea that there
is anything in the possession of the Executive in
oonnection with this matter thatcould, if all wore
made known to the world, do dishonor to Maine
or to the national Government. The only rea-
son existing at the presenttime, of which he could
I conceive, why the whole correspondence and
documents relating to the matter might not be
properly spread before this House and before the
woild at the present time is, that a negotiation
upon the subject of them is still pending between
our Government and a foreign Government, and
that this negotiation may be greatly prejudiced
by such a premature publication. In all other
respects, I have no fears whatever. There is no
concealment and no disguise upon the matter,
i which is not for the common benefit 6f all the
States in the Union—all of which are interested
in the pending negotiation.
As to the interference, sir, of Massachusetts
with the affairs of Maine, and upon which one
of my honorable colleagues has expressed him-
self iti terms that he feels to be justly merited, I
have not (said Mr. S.) much c>f feeling. The
contrary winds—the counter winds—the political
trade, winds of Massachusetts, which arc felt oc-
casionally sweeping over the affairs of Maine,
like the counter and trade winds which are met
with upon the natural ocean, serve a most salu-
tary purpose. They admonish the yeomanry of
Maine, with great accuracy, of the direction in
which their true interests are to be pursued. And
so long as Massachusetts will keep up this sort
of inteiest, Maine will continue to be found, as
she has been for years past, true to her real in-
terests and principles. Sir, 1 am not sure, never-
theless, that there would not have been more
propriety, and more of honorable cotutesy, on
tln> part of the gentleman from Massachusetts in
this matter, if he had consulted with at least a
portion of the delegation from Maine in relation
to his resolution, before having proposed it. I
did suppose, sir, that the honorable gentleman
could have, found on?, certainly, of that delega-
tion in whom he could have reposed confidence
upon the matter. But even that one of my honor-
able colleagues entirely disclaims all knowledge
of the honorable mover's intentions, before the
resolution was offered; and the gentleman from
.Massachusetts admits, in fact, that he consulted
none of the delegation from Maine in relation to
tt. To me, sir, it seems that, in a matter of this
character, there would have been more of courtesy
if the gentleman from Massachusetts had adopted
a different course. I have not, however, on ac-
count of this, any strong feelings. But regarding
the disposition and pledges of the State of "Massa-
chusetts upon this boundary question—regarding
what she is said to have done, and is willing to
do, with Maine in relation to it hereafter—and
altogether repudiating the idea that there is any-
thing in this whole subject-matter which need be
concealed, except upon the ground that the nego-
tiation upon it is still pending between our Gov-
ernment and Great Britain—regarding, moreover,
| the gentleman's assurance, which is very prop-
j erly embodied in his resolution, that he seeks
I nothing which the President may not deem alto-
] getlicr proper to be communicated at this time, I
| am willing, for one, that his resolution should
pass.
Mr. EVANS replied. He said his surprise
now was, that his colleague [Mr. Smith] should
take exceptions to the motives under the influence
of which he was disposed to vote for the resolu-
tion, when the gentleman himself avows an inten-
tion to vote with him. That gentleman was wel-
come to the benefit of the reasons which might
induce him to support the resolution, and'he
claimed the same indulgence for himself.   The
I itiformation called for in the resolution he deemed
| extremely important, and if it was proper it
I should be given to the House, he was anxious to
i receive it. His colleague [Mr. Smith] had ex-
pressed his surprise that, because he (Mr. E.) had
advanced a doubt whether this information would
be given, we should ask for it! Mr. E. said
he was one of those who would not be deterred
from making due exertions by the existence of
such a doubt. The possibility of eliciting desir-
able information was sufficient inducement to him
to command a trial. It had also been said that the
negotiation was in a state of progression; he
would ask what sort of progression ?—whether it
was backward or forward' The gentleman had
disavowed all desire of concealment on the part
of the opponents of the resolution; but (said Mr.
E.) this is the very gist of this matter. We do
complain of concealment; and we desire to know
what is the progress and purport of this negotia-
tion between the government of Maine and that
of the General Government; and if the gentleman
is sincere in his professions, let him join myself
and others in bringing the whole subject before
the public. Mr. E. concluded by an allusion to
the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Poster,] expressing his surprise at now being
denominated a nullifier.
Mr. SMITH said that there was only a remark
or two of his honorable colleague to which lie
would advert. The gentleman says there has
been a desire on the part of the Governor and
Council of Maine, and of some others, to con-
ceal the proceedings which have been had in
relation lo this boundary controversy. The gen-
tleman was very careful to say,, or rather not to
say, that the Governor and Council of Maine
had ever been called upon to disclose any por-
tion of those, proceedings. According to my
recollection, sir—and I think my honorable col-
league's recollection will confirm my own upon
the subject—the Legislature of Maine have never
made a call upon the Governor and Council of
that State to disclose any of those proceedings.
Mr. EVANS here rose, and said his recollec-
tion was not altogether distinct upon the subject,
but he believed such a call had been attempted,
and, if not carried, it was voted down by the
majority with whom his colleague [Mr. Smith]
acted m tb" Legislature of Maine.
Mr. SMITH. Sir, my honorable colleague
knows full well, that the -people of Maine have
never called for such a disclosure of those pro-
ceedings. And whatever the Legislature of that
State has done, and whatever those who have
constituted that Legislature and the other official
organs of the State, for years past, have done, in
relation to this subject, has been most satisfac-
torily and triumphantly sustained by the people
of the Slate; and it is manifest, that if there has
been any improper concealment in the matter, of
which I know nothing, my honorable colleague's
remarks of censure strike at the pejople them-
selves, and not tit their immediate representatives
iii the Legislatuie, whom they have sustained.
Sir, I maintain that there is nothing for conceal-
ment, or which might not be disclosed mostcredit-
ably to Maine, if there were no negotiation still
pending with Groat Britain. Under any othe.
condition of the affair, I could have no objection
to spreading the whole of the proceedings of
Maine, and of all connected with her in it, as
well as those of the National Government, before
this House and before the world, When I ad-
dressed this House a short time since, I remarked
explicitly that I repudiated the idea that there,
was any thing to be concealed at this time upon
any other ground than the fear of prejudicing the
pending negotiation. And I now say that, having
entire confidence in the discretion of the Execu-
tive to determine rightly whether any infoimation
can be properly communicated at this time or not,
and not feaung that any can be disclosed at any
time discreditable to the State or nation, and re-
garding the alleged interests of Massachusetts in
the subject, and her relationships to Maine in it,
if the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
insists upon the jiassage of the resolution, I am
willing, for one, that it should pass, believing that
to be the most judicious course under tlfe circum-
stances of the case as now presented.
Mr. WARD moved (by consent) that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to Saturday next at
twelve o'clock.
1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    ft
On this question Mr. BEATY asked for the
yeas and nays; but1 the motion was not seconded
by the House.
Mr. CHILTON then moved to'amend the mo-
tion by substituting Friday for Saturday.
This was also negatived; and the motion of Mr.
Ward was agreed to.
The House then adjourned, to meet again on
Saturday, the 27th instan'.
IN SENATE.
Saturd.vy, December 27, 1834
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memorial, signed
by sundry citizens of the city of Washington,
praying relief of Congress from the pecuniary
difficulties in which the city is involved; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Purser W. B. Zantzinger.
Mr. S1LSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Tuffts &
Clark.
Mr. ROBINSON presented certain joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Illinois,
instructing their Senators, and requesting their
Representatives in Congress, to use their exer-
tions to procure the passage of a law establishing
ports of en try at Ottawa, on the Illinois, Lafayette,
on the Wabash, and at Galena, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion of Mr.. BUCHANAN, the petition
of Thomas Anderson, on the files of the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill from the House
of representatives for the relief of Nicholas D.
Coleman.
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 27, 1834.
The Hon. Robert T. Lytle, of Ohio, appeared,
and was qualified.        .
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Mr. EVANS, of Maine;
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshire;
Mr. GORHAM, of Massachusetts;
Mr. JANES, of Vermont;
Mr. WARD, of New York;
Mr. GALBRAITH, of Pennsylvania;
Messrs. LOYALL and WILSON, of Virginia;
Messrs. TOMPKINS and JOHNSON, of Ken-
tucky;
Mr. POLK, of Tennessee;
Mr. CRANE, of Ohio;
Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana;
Messrs. CASEY, MAY, and REYNOLDS, of
Illinois;
[Mr. Casey introduced a resolution passed by
the Legislature of Illinois, instructing the Sena-
tors, and requesting the Representatives, from
that State, to use their exertions to have ports of
entry established on the Wabash, Illinois, and
Fever rivers; which, on his motion, was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. May presented the petition of a number of j
citizens of Sangamon and Morgan counties, pray- j
ing the establishment of a post route from Beards- i
town, in Morgan county, to New Salem, in San- ,
gamon county: which, on his motion, was re- j
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of John Scott, of McLean
county, Illinois, praying compensation for prop-
erty lost during the revolutionary war.]
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Which petitions and memorials were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a hill to con-
tinue the office of Commissioner of Pensions;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John
Moore; which was read twice, and committed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion of Mr. POTTS, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on
enrolled bills.
PORT OF ENTRY AT BROWNSVILLE.
On motion of*Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a port of entry at Biownsville, in Penn-
sylvania                               
RESOLUTIONS.
his order,the payment in specie of $209, with
interest at six per centum per annum,until paid,
and that the papers heretofore submitted be again
referred to said committees
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Hamburg, via Franklin and Sparta, to Newton,
in the county of Sussex, and State of New Jer-
sey.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by'
Mr. LINCOLN, was again taken up":
Ucsohed, That the President of the United
States be requested to lay before this House (if,
in his opinion, it is not incompatible with the,
public interest) any communications which may
have been had between the Government of the
United States and that of Great Britain, since
the rejection, by the former, of the advisory
opinion of the King of the Netherlands, in refer-
ence to the establishment and final settlement of
the northeastern boundary of the United States,
heretofore in controversy between the two Gov-
ernments. And thjiit he also be requested to
communicate any information ho may possess,
of the exercise of practical jurisdiction, by the
authorities of the British province of New Bruns-
wick, over the disputed territory, within the
limits of the State of Maine, according to the
true line of boundary as claimed by the United
States, and especially upon that part of the ter-
ritory which has been incorporated, by the
Government of Maine, into the town of Mada-
waska; together with such representations and
correspondence (if any) as have been had by the
Executive of that State with the Government of
the United States on the subject.
Mr. PARKS said he did not intend to occupy
the time of the House by further debating this
resolution. He merely rose to divest himself of
the plumage which had been thrown over him
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Lin-
coln.] He was not, as had been stated, the
author of the report and resolutions which had
been adopted by the Legislature of Massachu-
setts on this subject. He was simply the agent
appointed by the Legislature of Maine to carry
to the Legislature of Massachusetts certain re-
solves of the former. The report and resolutions
which had been alluded to were written by a
gentleman of high character, and who was now
a member of the Legislature of Massachusetts.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Foster,]
seemed somewhat surprised to leum that the peo-
ple of Maine were in favor of State rights. Pie
eould tell the gentleman that, however other
States might oscillate from one extreme to the
other, on the subject of Slate- rights, the princi-
ples of Maine hail always remained the-same;
and the gentleman was welcome, so far as he was
concerned, to all the gratification which the'an-
nunciation of this fact could give him.
Mr. G1LLET moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was decided in the negative—
yeas 77, nays 79.
The resolution was then agreed to, by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs.   John   CI.   Adams,  Heman
Allen,  John J.  Allen,  Chilton Allan,  Ashley,
Banks, Bates, Baylies, Brig s, Chambers, Chil-
ton .SamuelClark, William Clark,Clowney,Cor-
win, Coulter, Crane, Crockett,Darlington, Amos
! Davis,  Davenport, Deberry, Denny, Dickson,
Evans, Fillmore, Foster, Piulo C. Fuller, Fulton,
Gamble, Garland,  Ghols^n, Gordon, Goiham,
Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Hilaml
Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harrison, Hazeltine, Heis-
ter, William Jackson, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes,
William  C.  Johnson,  Henry   Johnson,  Lay,
Letcher, Lincoln, Love, Lucas, Manning, Mar-
! tindale, Marshall, Moses Mason, McCarty, Mc-
i Kay, McKennan, Miller, Miner, Muhlenberg,
Í Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney, Pope, Potts, Ram-
■ sav, Re'ed, Robertson, Augustine H. Shepperd,
i Slide, Sloane, Smith, Spangler, Stewart, Phile-
¡ nion Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull,  Tweedy,
Vin ton, Frederick Whittlesey,Williams, Wilson,
and Wise—87.
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon.Boul-
din, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng,
Mr. BYNUM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the Executive be requested to
cause to be laid before this House, as soon-as
practicable, such information in relation to the
relative positions of the province of Texas, one
of the United Provinces of the Republic of Mex-
ico, and the Government of the United States of
North America, as may be in possession of either
the Departments, not deemed incompatible with
the interests of either of the two Governments.
Also, what progress has been made in distin-
guishing the boundary lines between this Govern-
ment and the Republic of Mexico, which were
to be run in conformity with the stipulations
made and entered into between the Government
of Spain and that of the United States, as ratified
by the latter in Congress, on the 22d of February,
1819.
Also, whether', if any subsequent regulations
have been entered into between ihe commission-
ers of this and the Government of Mexico to
carry into execution the conditions of the above
mentioned stipulations, posterior to the recogni-
tion of the latterGovernment,andasan independ-
ent Republic.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making a sufficient appropriation to
complete the improvement on the Red rivei, in
the State of Louisiana and Territory of Aikausas,
in the course of the ensuing year.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the construction
of a road across the Big Swamp, in the county
of New Madrid, in the State of Missouri, on the
most eligible route from the Mississippi, in the
direction of Batesville, Arkansas Territory, and
that an adequate quantity of the public land on
said route be appropriated to effect that object.
On motion of Mr. LEA, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Marysville, in the State of Tennessee, by
way of Montrail Springs, so as to intersect the
route fiom Madisonville, Tennessee, to North
Carolina, at Hugh Gormley's, on Tennessee
river.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post.
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Knoxville, in the State of Tennessee, by
way of Low's Ferry, on Clinch river, to Richard
Oliver's, in Anderson county.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Philadelphia, in Monroe county, Tennessee,
by way of Witten's Store, on Pond creek, to
Washington, in Rhea county, in said State.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, Thatthc Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the sale of certain lands at Toledo, in
Michigan Territory, granted for the use of the
University of said Territory.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making provision by law for the pay-
ment of Joseph Morrill, assignee of John Carman,
of certificate No. 12,171, dated the 1st January,
1782, signed Timothy Pickering, Quartermaster
General, to  secure to the said John Carman, or
78                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 29,
Can, Case}, Claiborne, Clay, Day, Dickerson,
Dunlap, Feins, Foiostei, r owlei, William K
Fullci, Galbiaith, G.llet, 1 nomas H Hali, Hal-
sey, Hamti, Jos ph M Haipcr, Hathaway,
Henderson, Howell, Hubbaid, Huntingdon,
luge. Jai vis, Ríen \i d M Johnson, Noadiah John-
son, Benjamin Jones, Ka-sanagh, Kilgoio, Km
nard, Lane, Lansing, Lapoitc, Luke Lea,
ThomasLce)Loyal!,.L,yon,LyllL Joel K Mann,
Maidis, May, Mclntne, MeLen^, Robeit Mitch-
i II, Moigan, Maiphy, Paiks,Paikei, Patteison,
Dutec J Pearce, Peyton, riankhn Pierce, Pici-
son, Polk, Reynolds, Schenck,Shmn, Standefer,
Taylor, Thomson, Vanderpoel, Van Houten,
Wagener, Waid, Waidwell, and Webstei—79
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House the fol-
lowing letter fiom theScciotaiy of the Treasiuy
Treasury Department,
Decembet 2b, 1834
Sir In obedience to the fiist clause of the
resolution of the House of Repi esentativcs passed
on the 11th instant, dnectmg the Secictary of the
Tieasui y " to communicate to the House of Rcp-
' icsentati\es,as soon as piactieable, copies of the
' conespondciice not huetofjpie communicated,
' which had taken place between him and the
' President of the B ink of the United States, on
' the subject of the bank diafts," &c , I have now
thehonoi to submit a copy of a lettei on that sub-
ject leccived trom the Piesuh nt of the Bink of
the United States on the 28th ultimo, and tin leply
theieto by this Department on the 24th instant
In oidtr to make the contents of both moic
intelligible, and to include allpiobably embiaced
by the ícsolution, I have taken the libeity to pre-
cede them by a copy of the Tieasmy eirculai,
issued by this Depaitmtnt on the 5th ultimo, to
which these lclteis so frequently lefci, with a
copy of the communication of that date, Hans
mitting it to the bank
I have the honoi to remain, veiy lespectfully,
youi obedient seivant,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Surctaiy of the Tieasui y
The Hon tiif Spfaki-r of the
Housr or RepivEslntatives.
Which lcttu, and the accompanying docu
roents, on motion oí Mr lit bbard, was laid on
the tibie, mil din eted to bo punted
Mi HUBBARD said this coi icspond< nee was
oí an mipoitiiit chai ictei, lie, thuefoie, (by
consf nt, moved that ten thousand additional
copies be pnritid
Af'ei   sonn    tonvusation   bitwem    Mcssis
TIUBBiRD, IOSTER, M YRITNDALE, and
GARLAND, the motion was, with tin assent of
tin movei, laid o\i i to Mond ly
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a com-
munication from the Seeietaiy of the Na\ y in
answei to a lesolution of the 8th instant icl line
to the ship house, &c , at Navy Point, Now
Yoik, winch w¿y l ud on the txble
The SPE YKLR la d befoie the House a com-
munication fiom the Sccretaiy of Wai, inclosing
a copy of a survey of the Falls of the Ohio i lvei,
whnh was icfened to the Committee on Roads
and Canak
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a letter
fiom tin Secietaiyof Wai, ni tesponse toa íeso-
littiou of the 15th instant, i lelosing a npoit of
the Commissaiy Gtneial of Purchases upon the
claim uf Da%id Cook, which was ufeired to the
Committee of Claims
The SPEAKER laid before the House a repoit
fiom the SicuUiy of the Tieasui)., uudei the
actfoi the lclicfof insolvent dcbtois, which was
laid on the lable, and oidend to be punted
The SPE YKLR also laid befoie the House a
com nunication fiom the Seeietaiy of the Fieas-
uiy in lespouse to a lesolution of the 11th instant
lelative to the public lands, which was commuted
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and dnected to be punted
MESSAGE FROM   HIE PKLSIDENT.
Tin following message fiom the Piesidont of
tin Umt< d States was recened by the hands of
Mi   DoKELsof , his Private Sccretaiy
lo the Ilov^e c/ Repi cscntahves
I tiansmit to tin House a ltport fiom the Scc-
retaiy of State, toaetliei with the pipéis ¡elating
to the refusal of the Flench Government to make
piovision for the execution ot the tieaty between
the United States and France, concluded on the
4th of July, 1831, icquested by their lesolution
of the 24th mst
ANDREW JACKSON
Washington, Decembei 27,1S84
On motion oí Mr  TOS PER, the message and
accompanying papers were icfened to the Com
mittce  on  Foicign  Affairs, and  oidered to be
punted
On motion of Mi R"EED, ten thousand extra
copies of the íeport of the Secietary of the
Tieasury, communicating the number, names,
pay, &c , of those persons engaged in the several
custom houses in the United States, weie oidered
to be punted
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Monday, December 29, 1834
Petitions and memorials weie piesented by Ml.
SILSBEE, Mi HENDRICKS, Mt EWING,
and Mi   TOMLINSON
Mi EWING piesented a memonal fiom the
Legislature of Ohio, piaying the passage of a
liw, by Congiess, to adjust and settle the north-
ern boundaiy line of the State of Ohio, which
was laid on the table, and ordeied to be printed
INSOLVENT DTBTORS,  FTC.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befoie the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Tieasury Depait
ment relative to the insolvent debtois, of the Uni-
ted States
Also a memoi íal fiom citizens of Hillsboiough,
Pennsylvania, piaying an additional appiopna-
tion foi the continuation and repair of the Cum-
beiland toad, which wasrefened to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals
He also 1 ud befoie the Senate a memonal fiom
citizens of New Yoik, praying Congress to fit out
an cxplonng expedition to the South Seas, which
was íefeiied to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mi KING, of Georgia, gave notice that to-
monov he would ask leave to bungm a bill to
esttblish a mail route in East Flonda
Mi TOMLINSON gave notice that to-mor-
íow hi would ask leave to intioduce a bill foi the
íelirf of Waltci Lomax and Abel Gay
Mi   KING, of Alabama, on have given, in
tioduced a bill foi the íelief of David McCoid,
which was twice lead, and icfened to the Judi-
cial y Committee
RTP3RTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mi BELL, fiom the Committee of Claims,
lepoited a bill foi the íelief of Ilnani A  Huntei
Mi BELL also imported unfavoiably upon
the petition of George B< ntly and othcis
RESOIUTION INTRODUCED.
Mi WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion
Reiohed, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instructed to lnquue into the pio-
pnity of piovidmg by law foi the payment of
the (onimutation of five yeais' full p ly to the
heirs of Hairy Dixon, a colonel in the Noith
Ciuohna line or continental establishment dunng
the i evolutionary wai
The Sen ite then adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, Decemba 29, 1834
Petitio is and memomls were piesented by
Mi   HALL, of Vermont
Messis CAMBRELEN&, VANDERPOEL,
MANN, WARDWELL, HUNTINGTON, and
H4ZELTINE, of New York,
[Mi MiK\,of New York, piesented the peti-
tion of sundi y citizens of the State of New Yoik,
placing foi the passage of a law to permit the
introduction of led cedai timhei, prepucd for
raihoads, into the United States fiee of dtitv 1
Messis HARPER and McKENNAN, of
Peni sylvaina,
Mi   McKIM, of Mnyhnd,
Missis MOORE, TAYLOR, WISE, FUL-
TON , and LOYALL, of Vnginia,
Mr  A  H  SHEPPERD, of North Caiolma:
Mi   CLAYTON, of Gcoigia,
Messrs TOMPKINS and BEATY, of Ken-
tucky ,
Messrs  CRANE and THOMSON, of Ohio,
Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana.
Mr MAY, of Illinois,
[Mr May piesented the petition of Jozotte
Beaubicn, piaying peimission to locate two sec-
tions of land m lieu of two sections leseived to
her undei the tieaty of 1832, between the United
State  and the Pottawattomie Indians
Also, the petition of B M Hays, praying re-
munei ation for hospital stoi es furn shed the ti oops
dunng the late Indian distuibances,and foi at-
tendance upon the sick, whilst in the service of
the United States ]
Messis McKINLEY and MARDIS, of Ala-
Mi'LYON, of Michigan,
Mi   SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mi   WHITE, of Flonda,
Mi  Speaker BELL, of Tennessee,
Mi   PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
Which petitions and memonals weie appropri-
ately íefeiied
RTPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mi JARVIS, fiom the Committee on Foicign
Relations, reported a bill for the settlement of the
account of Edmund Robeits, which was lead
twice and committed
Mr J , fiom the same committee, reported a
bill tocairyinto effect the convention between
the United States and Spain, which was read
twice and commuted
Mi MITCHELL, from the Committee on In-
valid Pmsions,iepoited a bill gianting a pension
to Simon S. Moms, which was read twice and
committed
Mr McINTIRE, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill foi the relief of Laurentius
M  Eilei, which was lead twice and committed
Mi ALLAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Teintones, lcported a bill to amend
the seveial acts foi the establishment of the tei-
ntonal government of Flonda, which was lead
twice and committed
Mi BANKS, fiom the Committee of Claims,
reponed a bill foi the relie/ of Moses Bliss, which
was lead twice and committed
Mi MAY, fiom the Committee on Pnvate
Lind Claims, made a leport adverse to the peti-
tion of the hens of Fiancis Jaivis, deceased,
which was laid on the table and directed to be
printed
Mi M , fiom the same committee, repoited a
bill for the relief of the hens of James Latham,
deceased, which was committed to a Committee
of the Whole House, and made the oidei of the
day for Tuesday next
Mi BROWN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an unfavoiable report upon the
petition of Rufus Paikei, and the same was laid
on the table
Mi KINNARD, fiom the Committee on Rev-
olutionai y Claims, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Charlis C  Mill
Unfavoiable lepoi ts were also made by Messrs.
MUHLENBERG, MITCHELL of Olno, BAY-
LIES, LAY, and WlbE, fiom standing commit-
tees, upon petitions of vanous individuals, whose
names weie not lieaid by the íepoitcr.
VOTING VIV\ VOCE.
The following lesolution, submitted on Wed-
nesday last by Mr Reynolds,was taken up
Resohed, That heieaftei, in all elections made
by the House of Repi esentativcs for officers, the
votes shall be given ilea voce, each member in
Ins place naming aloud the person for whom he
voti s
Mr REYNOLDS remaiked, that the resolution
was of some impoitance,and that he did not wish
to force it on the consideration of the House at
this time, but wished the action on it at some
time, and that he perceived that there were many
membeis absent fiom their seats He therefore
would move to postpone the fuither consideiation
of the subject until Tuesday week
Aftei some convcisaüon between Messrs
REYNOLDS, HUBBARD, CL1Y, McKEN-
NAN, and HARDIN, the motion to postpone
was agieed to.
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t9
TEXAS
The following resolution, submitted on Satur
day by Mr Bynum, was taken up
Resolved, That the Executive be requested to
cause to be laid before this House, as soon as
practicable, such information in lelation to the
relative positions of the province of Texis, one
of the United Piovmces of the Republic of Mcx
ico, and the Government of the United States of
North A menea, as may be m possession of either
of the Departments, not deemed incompatible with
the interests of either of the two Governments
Also, what progress has been made in «distin-
guishing the boundary lines between this Govern
ment and the Republic of Mexico, which were
to be run in confoimity with the stipulations made
and entered into between the Government of
Spam and that of the United States, as ratified by
the latter in Congiess on the 22d of February,
1819
Also, whether, if any subsequent regulations
have been entered into between the eommission-
eisof this and the Government of Mexico, to
cany into execution the conditions of the above
mentioned stipulations, posterior to the recogni
Hon of the latter Government, and as an inde-
pendent Republic
Mr BYNUM said, that since he had offered
the resolution, he had discovered that most of the
desired information was contained in the annual
message of the President, at the opening of Con-
giess He therefore moved to lay the íesolution
on the table
Mr SEVIER hoped the resolution would not
bo laid on the table, and that it would be peimit
ted to pass, as full infoimation on the subject was
desirable
Mr BYNUM had no objection to the adoption
of the íesolution, but he repeated, that most of
the information required was already in posses-
sion of the House
The íesolution was then laid on the table
BANK Or THE UNITED STATES.
The  resolution  to  punt ten  thousand extia
copies of the correspondence between the Secie-
tary of the Treasury and the Piesident of the
Bank of the United States, was taken up
After a few remarks of explanation by Mr
HUBBARD, the mover of the resolution, the
motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
On motion of Mr  STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen
sions be mstiuctedto inquiie into the expediency
of placing Robert Dunsmorc on the pension roll
On motion of Mr STEWART, it w as
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means bé mstmcted to mqune mto the expedí
ency of making a fuithei  appropuation for the
completion of the repairs and the erection of toll
gates on the Cumberland road east of the Ohio
liver
On motion of Mr WHITE of Florida, it was
Uesolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to mqune into the expedi-
ency of making an appiopnation for a canal be-
tween Pensacola and Mobile bays
On motion of Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
it was
Resolvea, That the Committee on Revolution
aiy Pensions be instructed to mqune into the
expediency of reporting a bill gi anting unto Ben
jamiu Cornell, of Newport, in the State of Rhode
Island, a soldier of the Revolution, a pension
On motion of Mr WARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af
fairs inquire into the expe diency of grant! lg to
the  widow of the late General  Lcavenwoith,
deceased, a sum equal to his pay and emoluments
fiora the time of his death to the thnty fiist day
of Decembei instant
On motion of Mr DICKSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures
be instructed to inquiie into the expediency of so
amending  the several acts imposing duties on
impoits that the same duties be imposed on all
books imported hereafter, and pi lilted pi evious to
the yeai 1814, as are now imposed by law on
books imported and punted previous to the year
1775
On motion of Mr BEAUMONT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to mqune into
the expediency of establishing a mail route fiom
Caibondale, Pennsylvania, through the townships
ofGiemfieldjAbington, and Nicholson,to Tunk
hannock
Mr  PINCKNEY offeied the following resolu
tion   which, undci the rule, lies ovei one day
Resolved,  X hat the Secretaiy of Wai be, and
he is hereby, requested to communicate to this
House such infoimation as may be necessaiy to
explain the cause oi causes of the suspension of
the woik at Fort Sumptei,mChaileston haibor,
and whether any, and if any, what measures have
been taken by the Depaitment m i elation to the
difficulty fiom which said suspension has ausen
On motion of Mi   BEATY, it was
Resoh'd,   That  the   Committee   on   the   Post
Office and Post Roads be  instiucted to inquiie
into the expediency of estaohshing a post íoute
1 leaving the picsont íoute, lcadmgfiom Bvrbouis
ville, in the county of Knox, Kentucky, to Wil
liamsbuiy, in Wlntly county, at Major Cbarlts
Rotchholt's, thence by the mouth of Lauicl nvei,
the Stone Coal Mines, Someiset, Mount Veinon,
and Slaughter's salt works, to  Richmond, m
Madison county, Kentucky, and that the petitions
and papers, íefeiied at the last session of Con
gress to said committee, in relation to so much
of said contemplated íoute as lies betwee n Rich
mond,  in  Madison  county,  and  Somerset,  in
Pulaski county, be again íefeired to said commit
tee, and that the petitions and papéis íefeired to
said   committee   at   (he  last  session lclatmg to
post routes fiom Monroe, Tennessee, by James, |
¡ town,to Monticello,Ke uucky, and fiom Monroe
j Tennessee, by Locust Shade to Buikesville, Ken
tucky,and from Buikesville, Kentucky, to Gains
borough, lennessee
On motion of Mi   EVANS, it was
Resolved That the Commute   ot Invalid  Pen
sions be instiucted to lnqunemto the expediency
I of gianting to Thankfull Rand ill, formcily ihe
widow of Isaac Pisham, deceased,five ycais'half
I pay, to which she was entitled as the widow of
said Pisham, he havine; died in ti e service ot the
United States, dunng the late uai
On motion of Mr WHITTLESEY, of New
Yoik, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in
structed toinqune into the expediency of making
compensation to Naaman Goodscl!, for services
íendeied by him to the United States undei the
direction of the Secretaiy of the Tieasury
On motion of Mi  THOMSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to inquire into the expedí
ency of giantmg a quantity of the unsold unap
propnated public land in the State of Ohio to that
i State, to be by jiei sold, and the proceeds applied
I to the purchase of the Sandy and Beaver canal,
which is u timately intended to connect the Ohio
canal with that of Pennsvlvama     If this  plan
should not be deemed advisable, to inquire into
the expediency of a subscuption by the United
States for a portion of the said stock, oi the giant
mg of efficient aid in the constiuetion of said
canal m any othei acceptable mode, and that the
several acts of incorpoiation of said canal com
pany, the report of the enginee s who suiveyed
I and located it, together with the letteis,and other
'papers accompanying them, be icfeued to said
i committee, and be printed  for the use of the
members of both Houses of Congress
On motion of Mr  MITCHELL, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Can Us be instructed to inquiie into th   propne ty
of making an appropriation foi dealing out the
obsti uctions in the Muskingum nvei, in the S ate
of Ohio, fiom the teimination of slackwatei nav
I igation at Zanesvillt, to its junction with the Ohio
uvei
|     On motion of Mi  CRANE, it was
I     Resohed, That the Coram ttee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to mqune into the expedí
ency of improving the navigation of the Mmm
nvei of Lake Ene, below the rapids of said nvei
On motion of Mi   GARLAND, u was
Resoled, That the Committee on  Commerce
be  instiucted  to   mqune  mto   the  e\p diency
of making an appiopnation foi the peupose of
removing the obstiuctions, to the navigation of
the uvei Atcliafalava, and Bayou Pigeon, outlets
of the Mississippi uvei, m the State of Louisiana
On motion of Mr KINNARD, it was
Resohed, Thatr the Committee of Ways and
Means be mstiucted to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropuation on the Cumbtiland
road, m the State of Indiana, and of allow ngtbe
supenntendent of said load m the States ot
Indimt and Illinois a percentage on the amount
of money disbursed by him
On motion of Mi MARDIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to mqune into the expedi-
ency of causing a survey and estimate to be made
for a raihoad fiom the most eligible point on the
lennessee nvei to the town of Tuscaloosa, and
from thence to the Ahbima liver And also to
cause a like survey and estimate to be made foi a
íailioad oi canal upon the most eligible íoute
fiom the Tennessee nvei, opposite the head of
Wills'a Valley, to the Alabama uver, so as to
connect the wateit. of the former with those of
the lattpi nvei
Mi SEVIER oifeied the following resolution,
which, under a rule of the House, lies on the
table one diy
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be íequested (if not deemed incompatible
with the public interest) to negotiate with Spam
I for her light and title to the <-ountry lying be-
tween the Sabine and Red uvers, in Aikansas
| Teintoiy
1     On motion of Mi   RE\ NOLDS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Roids and
Canals  be instiucted to inquire into the expe
diency of piovidmg by law to the siuvcy ÓÍ the
following routes, in the State of Illinois, to wit
Kaskaslm nvei, from its mouth to Vandalia,
Big Muddy nvei, from its mouth to the bridge
on it, mat Iranktoit   and
i     Cash nvei, fiom Us mouth to Vienna
I     The íeportof the surveys, showing the amount
| of money necessaiy to then miptovement, and
othei necessaiy niioimation, to be made to the
i next Congiess
NAVY-YARD AT CHARLESTON.
On motion of Mi   PINCKNEY, the bill estab-
lisluno- a   navy yaid in the city of Charleston,
South Carolina, was made the special order of
the day foi Wednesday week
EXECUTIVE  COMMUNICATIONS
The SPE4KER laid befoie the House the fol-
lowing communications
|     A lettei fiom the Seciotaiy of the Treasury, in
answer to a re solution of tin  House of the 24th
I instant,  in  relation  to the claim of the United
I States upon the Bank of Columbia    Refeircd to
the Committee of Ways and Means
I     A lettei fiom the Secietaiy of the lieasuiy, m
response to a íesolution ot the 16th mstuit, lda-
tive to the officii] pioceedings of the Government
dnectois of the Bmk of the United States     Re
fenecí to the Committee of Ways and Means
A report fiom the Secretaiy ot the Pieasur),
in relation to the budge acioss the Potomac it
Washington Refcued to the Committee of
Claims
BILLS  rRCVI THE  SEI-.ATE
!     The following- bills fiom the Senate weie read
I twici, and committed
! A bill foi the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
McGee, and Semoise, Cieek Indi ins,
I     A bill foi the lehef of Susan Mallow, and
A bill foi the relief of Elijah Simmons
An  engrossed  bill to revive and continue in
foice the act to provide foi persons who weie dis
ablcd by known wouids íeceived in the revolu-
| tionaiy wai, was lead the thud tune, and passed.
i                    PAY Or N*A AL OFFICERS
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to equahz  a id legulate the pay of the
offieeis of the Navy, as reponed to the House,
with amendments, fiom the Committee of the
Whole
■ The fust amendment, fixing the pay of senior
captains ' at all tin es when in emce at $1,500,
and when on leave of absence, or waiting oideis,
I at 4,3,o00," wii concuncd in
!     The next amendment—which fixes the pay of
80                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 29.
all otner captains, when commanding squadions
on coast stations  and-when acting as Navv com
roissioners, at £,4,500   when commanding Na\ y
yards, $4,000, on other duty, $3,750, on leave of
absence or waiting orders, f 3,000—being under
consideration,
Mi  PARKER moved to strike out the words,
"coast stitions, and when acting as Navy com
.    missioneis "
Mi WATMOUGH cxpiessed a fcivent hope
that the amendment would not be adopted The
whole bill, with its numerous amendments, had
been most elaboiately discussed in Committee of
the Whole, and he believed the sense of the House
had been fully elicited He did, theiefore, pai-
ticulaily desire that the time of the House should
not be wasted by fui ther useless argumentation
on points which might already be considered as
definitively settled
After a few woids from Mi PARKER, in ex
oulpation of the motives which induced he offer
of the amendment, and from Mr PIJNCTÍNEY,
in opposition to it, the motion was rejected, and
tbe amendment, as rcpoited to the House fiom
the Committee of the Whole, was concurred m
The next amendment—which fixes the pay of
master commandant, and commanders, when on
sea seivice, at $2,500 on otner duty, at $2,000,
and while waiting ordeis, a. $1,800—being under
consideiation,
Mi FILLMORE moved to amend it by insert-
ing, aftei the words, " waiting ordeis " tin woids,
' or on leave of absence," winch was agreed
to
Mr WATMOUGH said he hoped the amend-
ment agiced to in Committee of the Whole
would not be concurred in by the House, and on
the question being taken, the amendment was
rejected                
The amendment relating to lieutenants was next
concuried m, as follows
" Commanding, one thousand eight hundred
dollars, on other duty, one thousand five hundied
dollars, waning ordeis, one thousand two hund-
red dolíais "
Ths next two amendments concerning assistant
surgeons and suigeons, weie concuired in, after
a debate on tlu motion to add " pursers " to the
provisions made foi the suigeons
The amendment reads
Pursers—when attached to vessels for sea
service, or at navy ytids, $ 1,400 When on
leave of absence or waiting oidus, #900
Mr WISE asked for some information on the
subject of the amendment
Mr WATMOUGH then explained the reason
which had induced the committee to change the
picsent ngulations concerning puiseis Ho
stated that it had b on deemed expedient to
abolish the commissions of the purseis on tea
and sugar sold out to the sailors, and the addi-
tional salary to the puiser was gnen to compen-
sate him for his loss by this abolition of the
commissions
Mr WISE stated that the fixed pay of purseis
at present was veiy small, and that he had fifty
per cent on the tea, sugai, tobacco, &,c , which
amounted to some thousands, and a comirission of
twenty five pel cent onasecondaiy clas^of arti
clcs The ciptains, ilso, in consequence of then
insufficient pay, ait, fiequently obliged to boirow
money of thi puiseis He adveited to piactices
of pjiseis by which the sailois veic heavily
taxed Articles had been purchased a., Gibraltai,
and, aftei the vessi 1 hid gone to sea, the sailois
are compelled to iecene these ameles at double
their cost, and as specie He estimated the
annual profit of a pursei on boaid a seventy four
at ^,14,000 He said he hoped the amendment
would not bo concurred in, although the puisei
now received foui times as much is a captain,
because he thought the íegulation of then pay
should be made the subject of a separate act
Mr PEARCE made a few rcmaiks on the
unceitainty of the passage of the bill ipferied to,
and opposed the amendment
Mi PARKER hoped the House would reject
the amendment, and lemaiked that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had, last session, introduced
a bill undu which he now admitted that the
pursers had been diawing four dolíais a month
fiom the pool seimen He wished that there
should be no mcieise of the pay of the puiseis
Mi  WAYNE thou¿ht that the clause should
be stiicktn out, and regietted that he must sep-
arate fiom the chaumin on this question
Mi WATMOUGH said, th it it was the ob
ject of the piovision to stuke at these evils if
they existed He did not desne to mcieasc, but
he did des íe to bring down the pay of the pur
seis, and he had desired to make the bill specific
on this point
Mi WAYNE said he should piobablyvote
to reduce the pay of the puiseis at a piooei time,
for he desued that it should be regulated
The House then refused to concui in the
amendment
The following amendments were next consid-
eied and agieed to
Chaplains —When attached to vessels for sea
service, or at navy yards, one thousand two hun-
died dolíais
When on leave of absence, oi waiting oiders,
eight huiidrtd dolíais
Pi ofasor of Mathematics—When attached to
vessels foi sea seivice,oi in a y ud, one tnousand
two hundied dolíais
Secietaries—-To commanders of squadions,
when com «landing m chief, one thousand dolíais
To commandeis of squadions, when not com-
manding in chief, nine hundied dolíais
Saüingmaiteis —Of a ship of the line, for sea
seivict, one thousand one hundied dolíais
When on other duty, one thousand dollars
When on leave of absence, oi waiting oiders,
sevtn hundied and fifty do'l us
Second Masters —When attached to vessels for
sea set vice, seven hundied and fifty dollars
When on other duty, five hundied dolíais
When on leave of absence, oi waiting ordeis,
foui hundied dollars
Passed Midshipmen —When attached to vessels
for sea service, six hundred dollars
When on other duty, five hundred dollars
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
four hundied dollars
Warranted Ma\teis' Mates —When attached to
vessels foi sea service, oi at navy yaids, four
hundred and fifty dollars
When on leave of absence, or waiting ordeis,
three hundred dolíais
Midshipmen —When attached to vessels foi sea
seivice, foui hundred dollars
When on duty, three hundied and fifty dollars
When on leave of absence, oi waiting orders,
three hundied dollars
Ctoks —Of a yard, nine hundred dollars
Fust cleik to a commandant of a nary yard,
nine hundn d dollars
Second clcik to a commandant of a navy yard,
seven hundied and fifty dolíais
To commmders of squadions, captains of
fleas, and commandeis of vessels, five hundied
dolíais
Boatiwami, Gunners, Sailmakers, Carpenters —
Of a ship of the line, for sea seivice, seven hun-
dred and fifty uollais
Of a fúgate, for sea service, six hundred dol-
íais
When on othir duty, five hundied dollars
When on 1 a\c of absence, or waiting orders,
thiee hundied and sixty dollars
Officeis tempoiauly peiformmg duties belong
ing to those of a highei grade, shall receive the
compensation allowed to such highei giade, while
actually so employed
No office! shall be put on fuilough but at his
own request, and all officers so furloughed sha 1
receive two thirds only of the pay to which they
would have been entitled if on leave of absence
If any assistant suigeon shall have been absent
fiom the Unitid States, on duty, at the time
othcis of his date were examined, he shall, if not
rejected at a subsequent examination, be entitled
to the same iank with them, and if from any
cause his íelative rank cannot be assigned to him,
he will íetain his original position on the Register
One ration per day, only, shall be allowed to
all officeis when attached to vessels foi sea ser
vice
The compensation hereinbefore specified shall
be m full for pay and subsistence, and for all
allowances, in lieu of calm furniture to com
manders of vessels and squadions, and for all
allowances for offieei- attached to navy yards, or
ernployi d on any shore duty,exceptfordetention
and employment on special services, for house
lent or chaaiber money whcie quaiteis oi public ■
accommodations be not piovided, and foi travel
| undei oiders, foi which sixteen cents per m le
I shall be a'lowed     And* all acts or parts of acts
' inconsistent with the pio%isionsof this act are
hereby lepealed
On the question of concurring with the last of
the foregoing ame ldments, a debate ensued on
a motion of Mi Rled, to amend it by stuking
out ohe woid " sixteen," and inserting " ten "
Mr WARDmovedtomsert the word" twelve,"
and it was accepteu as a modification
Mr FILLMORE moved to strike out the allow-
ance "foi detention and employment on special
service." He stated that if the officer was net
paid enough for his whole time, the pay should
be increased
Mi WATMOUGH explained, that an officer
was fiequently tiansfeired fiom one place to
anothci, at an additional charge to himself, and
it was to compensate him for that that the pro-
vision was mtioduced
Mi MeKTNLEY was opposed to leaving a
discretion in the hands of any Department on a
subject which might lead to favoutism
Mi REED referred to the usages of the De-
partment These captain" were sometimes taken
from their stations and placed on other duties,
at gieat additional expense, and it has been usual
for the Depaitment to give extra allowance of
from one to thite dolíais a day He was de-
sirous to cut off all extia allowances
Mi VANDERPOEL said, it was well kno\vn
that he was fnendly to the increase of the pay
of the naval officers, and it was in that spiut of
friendship that he should vote for the motion of
his colLague to stuke out the clause under con-
sideiation He was against all extra allow mees
foi special duties He had icgardtd it as one of
thcgieatest merits of the bill under discussion,
that it was simple and peispicuous—that itcalled
things by then light names—and paid the officeis
specific sums pei annum, and no more He was
opposed to et cateras, contingencies, and extra
allowances The pimciple was wiong, and was,
as he could ha\e hoped, inconsistent with the
spirit m which this bill was conceived, viz a de-
sire to make such provision for tne nai al officers
as that the people should always know and under-
stand exactly what then servants received If
we paid tin m libeially per yeai, which ho was
ceitamly willing to do—if we paid them liberally
when waiting oideis, thtv ought not to consider
it a haidship to be put, pel haps once in the course
of their lives, on couits maitial, or to be detailed
foi some other special duty, without íeceiving
for it extia íemuneíaüon He must confess that
the amounts included in the bill should exclude
all extia claims for what aie denominated "spe-
cial duties " He was willing to allow them ten
cents pei mile for their ti ave ling fees, when they
went to and returned fiom thepointwhoj-e "such
special service" was to be executed, but he was
opposed to any per diem allowance at the same
time that their annual salary was going on
Mr MANN alluded to the scale of allowances
made in the Aimy when officeis weie sent on
journeys to inspect provisions, &,c He thought
the allowance ought to be fixed on the same scale,
and should vote against the motion
Mi WAYNE was m favor of retaining tins
pa-t of the amendment, as he wished to make
the extra allowance adequate to the service to be
peifoimed If the offieei weie sent on his own
expense on a seivice which requued expenditure,
he would be induced to shoiten the penod of
employment, although tlit public seivice might
theieby be injured
Mi MASON, of Virginia, suggested that the
better way would be to amend the clause by in-
serting the words, "whenabsent on couits mar-
tial," instead of striking out, as pioposed
Mi  BROWN said it was not his purpose to
inteiftre in any manner with the details of the
bill  undei considtiation, and  he should  leave
the dirangement of its piovisions to those better
qualified than himself foi  the examination of
such questions      His honorable colleague [Mi
FiLLMORt] who had submitted the amendment,
and his honorable colleague [Mi   Vanderpoei ]
who so earnestly advocated its adoption, were at
i a loss to know  what the nature of the  special
I services were for which provision was made in
I the bill     There was a single instance in Ins
J memoiy, (a trifling one, it is true,) which might
1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
possibly have some influence upon ttTe judgment
of the House; and he therefore begged to state
it.    He happened to reside in the vicinity of one
of the larffcst  iron  founderios   in the country,
where cannon had sometimes been manufactured
for the use of the Government; and he had known
officers of the Navy (and amongst others a mid-
shipman) detailed for the proof and inspection
of those guns, preparatory to their delivery by
the manufacturer. Now, the present pay of mid-
shipmen, including rations, amounted to the sum
of $319 25 yearly; and no one could reside, for a
,fcw weeks, in the vicinity of West Point, (the
place to which he alluded,) at a less expense than
one or two  dollars per day.     This is but one
instance   (amongst  the many thousands of far
greater  consequence)  of extra duty performed
by officers in the naval service, where an extra
allowance must be made to enable them to meet
their unavoidable expenses.    They might be
detailed upon courts-martial, upon duties of in-
spection,  and upon a thousand  nameless and
necessary  services, both at home and abroad,
which could not be executed without additional
compensation.    The House would see how im-
possible it was to define what those special ser-
vices were, and that no legislation can possibly
settle  the amount of compensation.    The  dis-
cretion must, therefore, be lodged with the Navy
Department, or not exercised at ail, and the com-
pensation, consequently, withheld altogether.
Mr. FILLMORE contended that the bill pro-
vided different grades of compensation for those
who were on a foreign station, who commanded
at a navy-yard, or who were waiting orders. The
bill provided for the active services of the officers,
among which services were included the sitting
• on courts-martial, or any other incidental duty.
If the pay was not sufficient, let it be increased
directly, but not in the manner proposed.
Mr. VANDERPOF.L said he had listened with
great attention to the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Watne,] and to his friend and col-
league, [Mr. Brown,] and he was constrained to
say, that he had heard nothing to convince him
that the first view lie had taken of this matter was
erroneous; and he would here take occasion to
say, that if gentlemen had succeeded m convinc-
ing him that he had been in error, he would not
have been so convinced " against his will,' for,
certainlv, if he had any sympathies to indulge,
they were in favor of the officers of the Navy; if
lie had any wish to gratify, it was that they should
be fairly paid for their services; but he had yet
heard no satisfactory reason why, after providing
for them a liberal compensation in the shape of
specific sums, to be paid annually to each, they
should be allowed anything for any extraordinary
or special duties that might, by possibility, oe re-
quired of them.                                                      .
It was an old adage, that " straws show which
way the wind blows," and something had occur-
redin the course of this debate that made him
suspect that some gentlemen were now in favor
of retaining this provision for extra allowance
from no friendly disposition towards the bin. He
confessed that the support of one of his hon-
orable colleagues, [Mr. Mann,] who had so early
opened his battery upon the bill, looked a little
ominout. It was, he believed, fair play, accord-
ing to the ethics of legislative halls, to charge a
bill, in its first stages, with as much odious and
unpalatable mattei as possible, with a view to se-
cure its final rejection. He did not know but his
colleague had become a convert to the bill; but
he m5st ia candor confess, that he was a little
jealous as to the motive that had induced him to
support this proposition for extra allowance for
special duties.                                         .             ,,
He did not think that the case which another
of his honorable colleagues [Mr. Brow ] had put
was at all a fortunate one for the puipose for
which it was adduced. He had to Id us that mid-
shipmen were frequently required to leave the
navy-yard at Brooklyn, and attend for a fCw
days at the cannon foundery at West Point, and
that they could not live there for less than wo
dollars per day. He would ask, whether they
would not be obliged to pay for their own hring
when at the navy-yard? Most surely. How,
then, would the .account of profit and loss stand,
when sent on such an expedition? Ihey would
receive, for mileage, six dollars forgoing up,and
the same sum for returning—when the actual late
23d Cong. Vol. 2, No. 6.
and expense of going up and returning would not
exceed two dollars !    Here, then, was a gain of
ten dollars; and the idea, that it would cost one
of these young gentlemen two dollars per day for
living in the neighborhood of West Point struck
him  as  being somewhat strange.    What!  the
price of living, in the rich and fruitful county
of Orange, so exorbitantly high?   He was well
aware that there was a small portionof that
wealthy and respectable district, which his friend
so ably represented, so sterile, that, if Nebuchad-
nezzar had been turned out there, he would have
starved  to death.    (He meant the Highlands.)
But they included but a very small part of the
gentleman's district     This was, perhaps, dwell-
ing too long upon the case which the gentleman
had put.    He would only further observe, that
he had expected that the officers of the Navy
should take a little of the •< bitter""with "the
sweet" and that he would not, by authorizing
these extra claims for special duties, expose them
to the temptation of preferring claims that would
induce uncharitable men to say, that what " tkey
lose in dancing,"   they  " make up   by turning
around."   Pay them so much per year, and then
the people will know exactly what they are paid.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said, that his col-
league was mistaken in supposing that, by sup-
porting the bill in this particular, ho wished to
render0it odious.    That, he was undisguisedly
opposed to the bill he readily admitted.   Jde
thought it quite possible, however, that it might
become a law.    With this belief, it was perhaps
best, in order that the millions of public property
which might in this v/ay be confided to the
officers, should be properly taken care of, that
some additional compensation should be given as
an incentive to a correct discharge of that duty.
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, was in favor
of having the law as definite as possible, and
nothing left to the discretion of the Department
It was sometimes the practice, in order to get rid
of an officer, or compel him to resign, to assign
him extra dut.es and send him on an expensive
agency, &c. He thought the House should guard
the oiticers from this course of proceeding by.the
Department or the Government.
Various propositions of amendment were sug-
gested, but before any question was taken,
Mr BOON said, the House was thin, and there
was no likelihood that the bill would be disposed
of at the present sitting. • He therefore moved an
adjournment, but withdrew the  motion  at the
Mr. HUBBARD, who asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the ladies be admitted to the
privileged seats of the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives on Wednesday next.
Objection being made, Mr. H. moved to sus-
pend the rules; which was agreed to—yeas 109,
nays 18.                                                         ,            ,
The resolution was then submitted and agreed
to.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 30, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Messrs   SWIFT, TALL MADGE, and
KENT.
Mr McKEAN presented the petition of John
Randolph Clay, Charge d' Affaires at St. Peters-
burgh, alleging that there was an error in the
calculation of his account by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and praying relief.
Also, a preamble and resolutions of a meeting
at West Alexandria, Pennsylvania, relative to the
repairs of the Cumberland road.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President o.f
the united States, by Mr. Donelso , his Private
Secretary, communicating a report from the
Secretary of State, and the papers relating to the
refusal of the French Government to make pro-
vision for the execution ofthe treaty of July, loot,
between the United States and France. Tne mes-
sage was in response to the resolution submitted
by"Mr. Clay, and adopted some days ago.
Mr   MANGÜM  moved  that the papers be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
' and that they be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a wish that the
motion to print might include the debates of the
French Chambers upon the subject of'the treaty,
and the letter of Mr. Rives, which was supposed
to have caused some difficulty on the' subject of
the appropriation. He wished that a full and
complete view ofthe whole subject might be laid
before the nation.
Mr. MANGUM said there were also two or
three other important letters which it was neces-
sary to have printed; he would, however, con-
fine his motion now only to the reference, and
withdraw the motion to print.
«Mr. CALHOUN also withdrew his motion to
print the debates, and expressed a hope that
the honorable member [Mr. Mangum] would
attend to it at the proper time.
The communication and documents were then
referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Silas
E. Fisher; winch, on his motion, was taken up
for consideration, and then laid on the table.
Mr. P., from the same committee, also re-
ported;
A bill for the relief of Thomas J. Mortee; and
A bill for the relief of Charles Lynch; which .
were read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion of Mr. P., the Committee on Pub'ic
Lands was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of,Andrew A. H. Knox;
which he reported against.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported the
bill from the House of Representatives to author-
ize registers and receivers of public moneys, for
the sale of public lands, to administer oaths, &c.
Mr. P. gave notice, that when the bill should
be called up'for consideration he would move for
its indefinite postponement.    He had  been in-
formed  that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office  had  himself  prescribed  an  oath,
which he required to be taken by all applicants
for lands before they could bo allowed to make
entry.   They were required to swear that they
had gone upon the lands applied for, and ex-
amined them, and that no one else was entitled
to the right of preemption.   This oath had given
rise to very great inconvenience among settlers,
and he believed there was no law or authority
for it.    Hi, Therefore, proposed  the  following
resolution, which ho moved might be considered
now;                                             .                      _,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
oral Land Office be directed to lay before the
Senate a copy of any oath or paths prescribed
by the Department of the Treasury to be admin-
istered to all persons who may become the pur-
chasers of the public lands, subject to entry at
private sale, and that the said commissioner
report to the Senate under what act of Congress
the said oath or oaths was authorized and admin-
istered.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr   P   said he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the  following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause to be prepared
and laid before the Senate manuscript maps of
the several States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mis-
souri, Mississippi^Alabama, and Louisiana, and
Territories of Michigan, Arkansas, and Florida,
which maps shall contain plats of the public
lands, within the aforesaid States and Territories,
which have been surveyed under the authority
of the United States, marking upon the maps
aforesaid the lands the Indian title * which  
not extinguished, and distinguishing by colors
upon the maps aforesaid the lands granted to t e
Army; the lands sold by the United States- the
lands -ranted to each of the said States and Ter-
ri or e? for the endowment of colleges, or reserved
from sale for the use of schools, or confirmed[to
persons claiming under British, French or bp ^
ish titles; and also the landssurvcyed « afoiejw*
remaining unsold; stating likewise *° «omputert
number of acres of each of the emme£ tedclasses
of lands, and the number of arares wl ><«/
have been ^f^^f&fv^^
of^piS^ Xd^harhl Gordon,
82                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________December.30,
who was employed in making-the afo.esaid maps,,
tinder a lesolution of the Senate, of the 28th of
I-Vbruai y, 1823, and who has made some pi ogress
in the work, be continued in sad seivice until
the maps heiein dnected to be made out are
completed
POTOMAC  BRIDGE.
The VICr PRESIDENT laid before the Serate
a furthei repoitfiom the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury lelative to the bridge across the Potomac,
at Washington
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr SILSBEE, ficm the Committee on Com-
merce, lepoi ted, with an amendment, the bill from
the House of RepiesentaUves for impioving the
harbor at the mouth of the river Raisin, in the
Michigan Tenitoiv
Mr TIPTON,fiom the Committee on Claims,
repoited abillfoi the relief of William C Easton,
winch was read the first time, and ordered to a
oecond leading
Mi BENTON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tary Affdiis, íepoited a bill making an appropri-
ation for the íepau of the mihtaiy bailacks at
New Orleans
On motion of Mr WAGG4.MAN, the bill was
taken up foi consideiation is in Committee of
the Whole, and ordeied to be engrossed foi a
thud reading
NOTICES OF BIILS.
Mi TOMLINSON, on leave given, intioduced
abillfoi the relief of Wiltei LomSx and Abel
Gay, which was lead twice and icfeired
Mi KING, of Alabama, gave notice that to-
monow he would ask leave to intioduce a bill
granting preemption rights to ceitain peisons
theiein mentioned
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the appointment of a joint commit-
tee on emollcd bilh was taken up foi consider-
ation, and, on motion ot Mr Poindlxtlr, con-
cuired in
The committee being balloted for, Messrs.
fimo of Geoigia, and Linn, weie appointed
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
■were taken up and adopted
By Mr ROBINSON*
Resolied, Th it the Committee oifthSPost Office
and Post Roads be ms'iuctcd to inquire into tlu
expediency of establishing a mail loutc fiom Ga
Jena, in Illinois, by Walnut Gio\e and Davidson's
Mills, to Tiankfort, in the same State
By Mi WHITE
Resolved, That the Commute e on Revolutionary
Claims be msfiueted to inquire into the piopuety
of providing by law for the payment of the com-
mutation oí five ycais' full pay to the heirs of
Hairy Dixon, a colonel in the Noith Caiolma
line, 01 continental establishment, dunng the
revolutionary wai
By Mi   McKEAN
Resolved, Th it the Committee on Commerce be
instiueted to inqune into thef xpedienc y of estab-
1 slung a poit of entiy at Biuwnsville, on the
Monongahela nver
By Mt   HENDRICKS
Resolved, That the S< cietaiy of the Tn asury
be directed  to  communicate to the Sf natc the
report of a survey made undo  authority of a law
of Congiess, frung,  designating, and maikmg |
the noithein boundaiy of tlie State of Indiara
GOLO\rEL LEIIVT NDORil R
The bill foi the lchef of Colonel John Eugene
Le tzendoifei wis lead a t'uid time and passed
LAftD CLAIMS IN  LOUISIANA
The bill to provide foi the adjudication and set-
tlement of ceit ui cl in is to luid theiein men-
tioned was consideied as m Committee of the
Whole
Mi KING of Alabama, cxpiessed a wish for
furthci time to examine this bill it was one of
mii'li írnpoi anee, and he moved that it be post-
poned to, mi made the s, ee J oidu of the day
tor, Monday next
Mt PORTER wis oprosed to the postpone-
ment—tie s one bill had 1 eon passed by the Sen-
ate last ycai,and on'y faded m the Bouse for i
uantof Lme to act on it     The bill was thcnfully
discussed     It provided foi the adjudicition and
settlement of tlnee disputed claims to lands in
Louisiana, that of the hens of Wmtbiop, the
Marquis of Maison Rouge, and Bai on Bistiop,
who held under Spanish giants     Mi    P   con
tended thatgi eat injustice wasdone to the holders
of these lands by the long continued refusal or
Congiess to provide for the settlement of their
difficulties, that theie was no ground for fuither
delay, as the disputes must ultimately come be
fore the judicial tubunals for deteimmation, and
the holdeis would not be contented with any
thing short of it     Why (he asked) should they
be denied a lesort to those tubunals'
Mr KING replied that he moved the post
ponement with greit íeluctance, but a sense ot
duty compelled him to do so To be sure, tin
bill was paitlj discussed at the last session The
Wmthrop c'aim embraced a numbei of cases
which he would like to look into The Mason
Rouge cases, he knew, had found no favor here,
and Sue believed the claimants already had the
oppoitunity of bringing suits and test ng their
titles He meiely desned time to examine the
subject
Aftei some fuither remaiks fiom Mr POR
TPR and Mi POINDEXTER, the motion to
postpone was disagieed to, and the bill was or
dered to be engrossed for a thud reading
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
The following lesolutions weie piesented by
Mi   LINN
Resolved, That the Cammittee on Claims be
instructed to mqi ne into the expediency of mak
ing an appropriation to compensate Joseph Iltr
ticli for a boat impiessed by an offiiei of the
Unitpd States, dtuiiig the last war with England,
and lost in the service of the General Govern
ment
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice
be instiueted to inqune into the expediency,of
making an appiopnation for the pui chase of a
site, and the eiectio i of a marine hospittl, at St
Louis, Missouu
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instiueted to inqune
into the expediency of establishing a post route
fiom the city of Jefleison, State of Missouu, to
Íiass thiough the seats oí justice of Megan,
'ulasl'i, aid Gieen counties, to Washington
county, Aikansas Temtoiy
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The special order of the d ly, the bill to provide
compensation for Piench spoliations pnoi to
1800, having been announced,
Mi CLAYTON suggested to the gentleman
who had the flooi, [Mi Robbins,] that, as the
day was advanced, if he had no objection, he
would mo\e to postpone the subject, so that the
Senate nn0lu bpend some time m the consider
ation ot executive business
Mi   IIOB1 INS having yielded to the sugges
tion, the spec al onlei was postponed, and after
having spi n-t some time with closed doeis,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, December 30, 18J4
Petitions and memouals weie presented by
Messis STEWART, BÜRD, and McKEN-
NAN, of Pennsylvania,
Messis rtlLTON and MERCER, of Vir-
ginia,
Mi   CHILTON, of Kentucky,
Mi   Speaku BELL  of Tennessee,
Messis 1 HOMSON, SLOANE, PATTER
SON, aid CRUISE, of Orno,
Mi   LWING, of Indiana,
Mr  MURPHY, of Alabama,
•Mt  SEVIER, of Arkansas,
Mr  WHlTr.of llouda,
Mr WARD, of New Tí oi k,
Which petitions and nieraouals weie referred
to the standn g committees
Mr   CL4.Y, fiom the  Committee  on Public
Lands, íepoited a bill for the ichcf of Willnm
Walkei,  and  the hens of Samuel  Biown, de
ceased, which was lead twici, and postponed to
Tuesday n"xt
Mi   CASEY, fiom the Committee on Public
Lends, i°poited a bill piovidingfo) the cstabhsj -
ment ol asuiveyoi genei d's office in the Sute
of Illinois, which was lead twice
Mi CASEY stated that the establishment of
a eepante suiveyoi geneial's office foi the Slate
of Illinois was a mattei of d<.^p inteiest to the
people ofthatState he «as, 'hucfoit exceedingly
anxious that the bill sho lid be acted upon at the
pu sent session of Congiess, and hoped that that
House would permit the bill to be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and accordingly made a motion to that
effect, winch mouon was agiecd to                    ^
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mi ALLAN, of Kentuckj, fiom the Com
mittce on Temto íes, íepoited a bill to establish
a newjudicial districtniFloiida, which was lead
twice, and postponed to to mono* week
Mr 10STER, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciaiy,andMi BROWN, fiom the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, made unfavoiable iepoit3
upon petition  íefened to said committees
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
The following lesolution, submitted yes'erday
by Mi   PiNCiVET, was considered andagreidto
Re'ohcd, I hat the Secretaiy of Wai be, and
he is heieby, íequested to communicate to this
House s ich lnfoimdtion as may be necessaiy to
explain the cause oi causes of the suspension of
the woik at FortSumptei,m Chaileston haibor,
and whether any, and if any, what, measuies
have 1 em taken by the Department m i elation
to the difficulty fr6m which said suspension has
arisen
ACQUISITION OF TFRRITORY
The following resolut on, submitted yesterday
by Mr  Sevier, was taken up
Resohed, That the Piesident of the United
States be requested (if not deemed incompatible
with the public inteiest) to negotiate with Spam
for her light and title to the countiy lying between
the Sabine and Red nveis, in x\rkansas Terri-
tory
Mr SEVIER said Mr Speaker, it is my duty
pel haps to explain to the House the object I have
in view in offering that resolution Tneic is,
sir, a consideiable tiactof valuable countiylying
noith of the Sab'ne end south of Red nvei,upon
which many of oui citizens have íes ded for
ycais acountiy of which we have had the un-
distuibed possession, and over which we still
exercise jmisdiction, that will, in all piobability,
he lost to us foiever, if the boundaiy line, desig-
nated by the treaty of 1819 between this Govern-
ment and Spam, should be poimanently estab-
lished I believe Spam to be the nghtful owner
of this tract of countiy, and of that Government,
I presume, we can obtain it for a mere tiifle It
is true Mexico claims this country, but I ask,
what evidence ha  she of her t tie' Has she pui-
chased it' Has she coiqueied it' No she ha3
done neither, and as well night her ciiDidity ard
auogance lead hei to set up a clum foi Cuba, as
foi the tractof country in question Mexico nescr
íevolutionizcd the countiy noith ot the Sabine—
she nevei marched a soldier into it—noi has she
evei given a dol'ai for it Oui Citizens have held
the undisturbed possession of this countiy fiom
1806 down to the piesent day It is true, we
ceded it to Spain m 1819, foi which she gave us
the Floiidas Has Spain evei paited with hei
light acquned by that treatj ' Has she ever sold
it' lias it b en Ui.cn fiom her' No, sn, she
has not sold it, noi L is Mexico ever taken ltnom
hei, or been in possession of it Upon what
technical, v un, and ¡limsy piel ex t is it, then, upon
which she foul is her claim to a counuy w uch
she never aoquied by aims, or t casuic, or n
lieritancc' Will any 1 onorable gentleman be kind
enough to nifnim me ' I11 it by discovnj, backed
by a bull fiom a Pope' A title thus acquired may
have been good in the days of Coi tez and Pizario
—it may yet be good wbeie Indians alone are
concerned, but I appichenJ we aie not prepaud
to recognize it as vilid at tins daj in iegaid to
ouiselvcs We, sir, have bi.cn foi yeais negoti-
ating- with Mexico upon a subject about vvhu h
we ought never to have negotiated, and if I am
eonectly i ifoi ned, we ire sull negotiating with
hei upon this «ame subject, when public policy
and nition-l dignity and justice should induce us
to abandor it
[834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

The conduct of Mexico in regard to this slip
of country, brings forcibly to ray mind a scrap
of ancient instory. We have been informed that
tin' Devil met our Savior upon the Mount, and
told him if ho would fall down and worship him,
that lie would give him the whole world. Now,
I need not tell you, or the House, I presume, that
Ins Satannic Majesty had no world to give. So
with Mexico. She has had her agents among
oar 'Mtizcns, possessed of extensive grants to land
bordering upon the very banks of Red river, for
the purpose of bribing them to abjure iheir own
co-üntry, and by allegiance and expatriation, to
become citizens of Mexico. These agents, to
some extent, were successful. They induced, by
their valuable bounties, some of our honest, hard-
woiking, industrious citizens—citizens who were
"anxious to obtain land upon easy terms for them-
selves tend children, to take the oath of alhgianco
to Mexico. They induced others to resist the
execution of the civil authority of our country,
and so prevalent was this spirit of resistance
becoming, that the Governor of Arkansas, who
chanced at that time to be in that part of the
country, gave them a public address upon the
impropriety of their conduct. He told them in
his speech, that the sheriff would be sustained in
the execution of the civil authority of the coun-
try. Ho told them if their resistance should pro-
duce a civil war, that they would be vanquished,
and that if taken in arms against their country,
they would not be treated as prisoners of v/ar,
but hung up as traitors to the country. Now,
sir, it is not for me to say what effect this speech
had upon my constituents—but I can say, and do
say it, with great pleasure, that, at this time, all
things are going on as they should go on.
I did not rise to make a long speech. I hope
the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said this was
a resolution of a peculiar character. It called
uison the Piesident of the United States to nego-
tiate with the Government of Spain for a portion ¡
of this continent to which the latter had no title
—to disacknowledge the Government of Mexico,
and to recognize the right of Spain to that which
she had long since ceased to have any claim. He
concluded by moving to lay the resolution on the
table; but withdrew the motion.
Mr. SEVIER said, in reply to Mr. Adams,
the gentleman seems to express some astonish-
ment at my resolution, and thinks it highly im-
proper to authorize the President to negotiate
with Spain for the tract of country mentioned in
the resolution, inasmuch as Spain owns no land
upon the continent. The gentleman himself
made the treaty of 1819, (or at least he has the
credit of it in our country,) by which the country
in question was given to Spain in part payment
for the Floridas. Now, sir, allow me to ask the
honorable gentleman to tell me when Spain parted
with the title to the country he himself, on be-
half of his Government, ceded to her? I want to
know who bought it, or what Power took it
from her? I state that she never parted with it;
that she never sold it; and that it was never taken
from her by force.
It is a country very desirable for us to own,
and I suppose it can be had of her for " six and
nine pence," or thereabouts.
We have been pursuing towards Mexico a
coaxing, scratching, tickling policy long enough.
It is time to talk to her manfully — to tell her to
confine herself to her lawful territory—to give
up her preposterous claims to a country she does
not own — and, above all, to cease tampeimg
with our citizens, or else we will make her.
Our partialities are all for Mexico against Spain,
and yet 1 must confess that I have yet to see
any thing in the Government of that fickle, jealous,
and bigoted Republic, in anywise calculated to
excite either my love or admiration. I hope the
resolution will not be laid upon the table.
Mr. POLK said the motion of the gentleman
from Arkansas proposed, to say the least of it,
an unusual course of proceeding. The House
of Representatives formed no part of the treaty-
making power. That power was vested in the
President and Senate. The House had certainly
no right to interfere m so grave and important a
subject as the one contained in the resolution,
lie'therefore renewed the motion to lay it on the |
table.
Mr. CAMDRELENG hoped that the motion I
to lay the resolution on the table would be with-
drawn, and that it would be rejected by-a direct
vote.
Mr. POLK withdrew his motion.
Mr. ARCHER suggested to the mover of the
resolution, that by its adoption the object which
he had in view would be frustrated. It would
give just cause of offence to Mexico, and might
induce that Government to break off all negotia-
tions with the United Sta'es. It would be tanta-
mount to a denial of the independence of the Mex-
ican Government; and after offering this insult
to that nation, it would not do for the United
States to propose any further negotiations in that
quarter.
Mr. MERCERhoped that the resolution would
be withdrawn. He would not be satisfied with
a simple vote of rejection. He wished to inform
the Government of Mexico that a proposition of
this character was not even onteitained by this
House. The proposition was in violation of our
acknowledgment!)? the independence of that Gov-
ernment He referred to the circumstance that
the lik of an American minister was endangered
in Mexico, owing to a supposed interference in
the polices of that country. From this considera-
tion, and the commercial rivalry existing between
the two Governments, Mexico had perhaps good
cause to suppose that we entertain unfriendly
feelings towards her, and if the resolution was
not withdrawn, he hoped it would be unani-
mously rejected.
Mr. SEVIER said, he had no idea that his res-
olution would have met with such opposition from
so many quarters of the House. The gentlemen
seem to suppose my resolution very unusual and
extraordinary; that I am for taking of Mexico
lands to which her right is undoubted; and,lastly,
that it may produce much mischief, and no pos-
sible good. My object is not to produce mischief,
or to embarrass the Administration, or to take of
Mexico one inch of ground which belongs to her.
And, as such results seem to be apprehended by
my friends, I will withdraw the resolution. But,
in doing this, let it be distinctly understood that
it is not because 1 am in favor of settling this slip
of country with free blacks. We have difficulties
enough already with our runaway slaves; and I
am not disposed to increase those difficulties by
affording them a safer and more sccuie retreat.
I withdraw the resolution.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCE6.
Mr. FILLMORE offered the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the amount of
hospital money collected in the several collection
districts of the State of New York for each year,
from the year 1798 to the present time; and also
the amount expended in each year, during the
same time, in each of said districts, and for what
purposes and objects such expenditures were
made to the amouutremaining unexpended at this
time for each district; and also the donations to
said fund, and by whom made, and when, and
on what condition, if any, and how the money or
property given to said fund by donation lias been
disposed of or applied, and what compensation
or portion of said fund has been expended or
applied for collecting, receiving, or investing, or
paying out the same, and to whom.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of New
York, it was
Rcioli-ed, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of continuing the pension of Levi H. Parish, or
of granting him further relief.
Mr. GALBRAITH submitted the following
resolution; which, under the rule, lies on the table
one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lie directed
to furnish to this House abatement of the expend-
itures on the work at the harbor at Presque Isle,
during the past season; the amount paid for stone,
giving the number of cords, and at what rate; the
amount for timber and. other materials, and at
what rate; the amount paid for labor, to whom,
and at what rate per day or month; the amount
paid for superintendence, to whom, and at what
rate per day; and the number of days charged for
such service, as well as every other item ot ex-
pendituie at the said harbor; also, whether the
directions of Colonel Totttn, with regard to taking
frequent soundiagsinthe way, have been attended
to.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing Daniel O'Brien on the pension roll.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which, under the rule, lies on
the table one day:
Resolved, That the 13th rule of this House be
amended, by inserting therein the words "dis-
trict attorneys of the United States," after the
words "judges of the United States."
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to erect a bridge over
the Ohio river at Wheeling, to connect the Cum-
berland road on each side of the river.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to improve the harbor
at St. Augustine, Florida, according to the report
of the engineer who made the survey in obedience
to an act of Congress.
On motion of Mr. REED, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making an appropriation to complete
the custom-house at New Bedford.
On motion of Mr. BYNUM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pos"t Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a semi-weekly mail
route from the town of Winton, through Pitch
Landing, in the county of Hertford, via Colerain
and Windsor, in the county of Bertie, thence
through Williamston and Jameson, in the county
of Martin, to the town of Washington, in the
county of Beaufort, in the State of North Car-
olina.
On motion of Mr. STODDERT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee t>n Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to select
Piney Point on the Potomac river, (as the inter-
ests of navigation and commerce may dictate,)
for the establishment of a light.-
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of placing the name of Joseph Parker
on the roll of revolutionary pensions; and that the
testimony in his case, now on the files of the
House, and the accompanying testimony, be
referred to the same committee.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the 23d instant, relative to a
beacon-light on Black river, in the State of Ohio;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce
PAY OF THE NAYY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments proposed by the Committee of the
Whole to the bill to regulate the pay of the Navy
of the United States.
The motion of Mr. Fillmore, pending on the
adjournment yesterday, to strike from that part
of the amendment of the committee relative to
extra allowances to officers the words, "except
fordetention and employment on special service,"
being under consideration,
Mr. MINER addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the motion to strike out. While he was
opposed, in the general, to granting discretionary
powers to the Departments, he conceived that,
in the present instance, some discretion was
necessary.
The motion to strike out was then rejected.
Mr. WATMOÜGH moved to amend the first
section, by inserting, in the extra allowances to
officers, after the words •• chamber money, the
words " for which two dollars per week shall be
allowed."
84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
Aftei ashoit conversation of fin explanatoiy
<haiactci, between Messrs REED, HARPER
of Pennsylvania, WATMOUGH, McKINLEY,
BATES, ÍIARDIN, and WISE, the amendment
pioposcd by Mr  Watmolgh was a ieed to.
Mi BRIGGS moved to amend the first section,
by stuk'ig out, fiom tbat pait $f tne bill relating
to extra allowances, the words " except foi de-
tention and employmenton special service," and
inserting, in lieu the'ieof, the words " two dollars
per day when absent on couits-maitial, inspecting
navy-yards or vessels, and suiveymgthe coast."
The amendment was agieed to; and, as thus
amended, the amendment of the committee was
concuned m.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
to the second section, which proposed to stake
out " íelatives," and irseit "widowed mothens
and unman led sisters," as the peisons who shall
íeceive the benefit of a fund to be constituted by
íeseivmg thiee per centum out of the pay of com-
mission and wanant ofiiceis of the Wavy, was
next consideied.
Mi. WISE moved to amend the amendment,
so as to make it lead: "widows and childien,
and, when theie aie no widows and childien,
widowed mothers "
After vauous suggestions of amendment, and
some discussion, in which Messrs FILLMORE,
CAMBRELENG, McKENNAN, WlbE, AN-
THONY, and WATMOUGH, took pait, the
amendment proposed by Mr. Wise was re-
jected.                                                  •
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was then disagreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, which proposed to strike out all of the
third section after the enacting clause, and to
insert a provision that hereafter the distribution
of puze money to the officers, seamen, and
marines, shall be in proportion to the pay which
they respectively receive, was read.
Mr. WISE suggested a proviso, in substance,
that the marines should íeceive per capita the
same as the sailois.
Mi. JARVIS proposed a proviso, that in esti-
mating the pay, the clothing of the marines should
be taken into consideiation
Mr. WISE a'ceepted the modification proposed
by Mr. JAiivts.
Mr. HARPER opposed the amendment. He
contended that the manne was not the only indi-
vidual on board our vessels of war who stood in
a diffeient position from the seamen. The ser-
vice was necessarily divided into different classes,
as seamen, oidinary seamen, landsmen, boys,
and marines. These distinctions weie essential
to the good oidor and well being of the seivice
Should it be deemed necessary to incoiporate
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Maine,
[Mi. Jarvís,] he should feel constiamed to vote
against the whole amendment as submitted to the
House from the Committee of the Whole
Mr. BINNEY followed in opposition to the
amendment proposed byMr. Jarvis. He said
it appeared to him that the whole section was out
of place. It more properly belonged to asepaiate
bill, for the government of the Navy. The adop-
tion of this section would introduce an entire new
pimciple in that government, and hew a? not dis-
posed to overthrow ancient systems for new ones,
without mature reflection on the consequences
If the old regulations relative to prize money
were not made with due reference to justice, kt
new ones be made, but let it be done by a sepaiate
bill, and with due delibeiauon He asked gen-
tlemen to reflect on the consequences nnolv£d by
the amendment. He said theie weie seven dif-
feient classes included in our naval service. The
distnbution of pnze-money should be íegulated
by the experience already acquired in oui seivice,
as well as in that of the nations of Europe He
pi oceeded to show that the piopoition allowed by
the amendment to the petty officers, seamen,and
matines, was grossly dispioportionate to that of
thehighei officers of the Navy, on whom so much
íesponsibihty íested Itemuneiation foi sei vices,
he said, had always been, and always must be,
correspondent to the accoi.iphshiritnts of mind,
and the íesponsibilities assumed by the individual
employed He contended that the pay of officers
was not a fur citeiion to govern tin. division of
pn¿e-mouey A uifFeitM iulemu&t pi  pendente
in wai fiom that which ubtan.s m time of p_.ee.
In the moment of action, the greatest lesponsi-
bihty laid upon the commanding officer; and while
he fully acknowledged the impoi tance of the ser-
vices of subordinates, he could not consent to
place them higher than then commandeis. The
great principle of rewaidmg merit began with the
head, and went down waids, with judicious giada-
tion Saihng-masteis, by this amendment, weie
placed inferior to all whom they commanded.
Mi. JARVIS said he should fed discouiaged
in piessing the amendment which he had just sub-
mitted, fiom the distinguished foiensie talent so
well known to be possessed by the honoiable
member [Mi Bivyei] who opposed it, weie it
not that he felt he hid truth and justice on his
side It appealed that on- gentleman would op-
pose the whole section if this amendment was
agieed to, and anothei wished the subject left for
futuie legislation. He (Mr J ) said he peifi ctlv
understood what was meant by this" futuie legis-
lation." It meant, to give it the "go-by," and
nothing moie would eiei be done by Congiess to
establish the lights of subordinate officers and
seamen, unless the provisions were incorporated
in this bill One gentleman [Mi Bimxey] had
contended that the whole ment of victory be-
longed to the commandc r
Mi  BINNEY said. Aveiyeonsideiablemeiit.
Mi JARVIS continued. He advocated the
claims of the siiloi and the suboidnmte Higher
lpdniduals had higher motives—a marble monu-
ment, tVc It had been said thet his amendme it
lendeied the prize-money of a master command-
ant less than that of a lieutenant. It was also
said, that it would laise that of smgeons to an
equality with those who were placed m moie haz
ardous situations in time of action. He asked,
where could be a more homd scene than that
which must be encounteied by the suigeon in
battle ? To him on deck, aftei the commence-
ment of excitement, fighting became a pleasure.
Not so with the suigeon below, whose consola-
tion was the faint hope of saving the life of the
mangled body piesented to his caie.
Mr. J. said íeference had been made to the cus-
toms of Europe on this point. He wanted no
such compauson foi the regulation of our con-
duct, unless it were to avoid then dangerous
example. His object was to secure the neg-
lected rights of pool fellows who had too long
received little moie than hard knocks and salt
junk. He had no disposition to take up the time
of the House, but he conceived the piesentsystem
fiaught with enor, and abounding in íadical de-
fects.
Mr. WAYNE spoke in favor of leaving this
subject foi the futun. action of Congiess. The
attention of that body had alieady been called to
it by the President, and was now undei exam-
ination by the Naval Committee. Hesuggested
to the gentleman fiom Maine [Mi Jarvis] to
withdiaw his amendment, and not, by it, obstruct
the passage of the bill.
Mi JARVIS ícplicd that he would fieely do
so, were it not that he was convinced that this
was the only chance of mcoiporating these pio-
visions in the bill.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes foity-thiee, noes not
counted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the third section, pioposed by Mr. Wise;
and it was also ícjfcted.
On the next amendment, relating to the Navy
pension fund;
Mr. PARKER moved to divide the question
on striking out the section and adopting the
amendment.
The question on staking out was then agreed
to, and, on the adoption of the amendment, a
debate ensued, in which Messrs CAMBRE-
LENG, MANN, MASON, PARKER, CLAY-
TON, JOHNSON of Kentucky, and WAT-
MOUGH, participated
Befoie a final vote was taken, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wmdnesdw, Dtumbti 31, 1834.
After the Jou-ml had been iced,
I     M,   PRESIÓN mo-ted that when the Senate
adjourns, it will adjou n to meet on Fnday iic.it,
whicl   was a-ued to
OR IT ION o\ L\ rAYri i r
The committee on the pait of the Hou < of
Repieseiitntivts, appointed in puiiumtc of the
loint íesolutions ltlatm. to the tí * hveiy oí an
oiation upon *he life and chaiactei oí Ge i ial
La layette, weie then intioduced, pu < tdi d by
Mi Jons Q. Adams, and took the sc ats ass.gned
to íhim
The Piesident of the United Sutes, accom-
pan'cd by the seveial heads of Uepaitments, \i< ie
then iiitiodun d, and took stats in fiom of the
Piesidmg Offieei 's chair
A poition of the foieign diplomatic coips were
also intioduced, and took stats on the left of the
Piesident and heads of Depai tmtuts
At h ilf pa t twelve o cloc L, on mot'ciof Mi.
CLAY, the Sena'e withdiew to iIil Hall of the
House of Repitstntatnes, agic tably to tin. oidei
piescubed by the committee of anangemci.ts
Aftei the dtliveiy of the oiation by Mi. >e>ii j
Q, Ad\ms, the S<nau, togethti with tiit Vice
Piesident, ittumed to tlitn Cnambti.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT VTIVES
Wednesday, December 31, 1834.
On motion of Mi   HUBBARD, it was
Oideied, That wht n the House adjoin 113, it will
adjouin to meet again 011 Fuday ne^t
ORATION ON LA PAYETTE.
The SPEAKER announced that, under the
joint resolution, the House would be coneidtied
as íegularly in session until adjourned m the
usual manner, aftei the delivery of the contem-
plated eulogy on the life and charactei of La
X'ayette.
Accoidmgto previous airangement, the Senate,
accompanied by the Vice Piesident, the Presi-
dent, heads of Depai tments, a portion of the foi-
eign diplomatic corps, the joint committee of
auangements,and Mi Joh\ GIuincy Adams, en-
teied the Hall of the House of Repieseiilalives
at half past twelve o'clock, p. m
Mr. HUBBARD (the chanman of the com-
mittee of arrangemeirs on the pait of the House)
conducted Mr Adims to the Sneaker's chair,
fiom which he rose and dchveied an addiess on
the Life and Chaiacter of Gtneiel La Fayette,
which occupied about thiee homs'time
When Mi Adams had concluded, the Vice
President and Senate lemed to then Hall, the
Piesident of the United States, heads of Depait-
ments,&c , withdrew , dud the House, on motion,
adjourned over to Fndaj .
IN SENATE.
Fridvy, Tanuanj 2, 1835
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Secretaiy of State,
relative to the diplomatic expensts of that Dtpai t-
ment foi the past year
Also, a communication from the Secrttaiyof
the Trea'-uiy, 111 obedience to a resolution of the
Senate, lelative to the nunibei of navy and mili-
tary bounty land wauamswhich had been issued,
which was lefeued to the Coii'uuttte on Public
Lands.
Also, a letter fi om the Postmastei General, m
obedience toa lesohifon of the Senate, submitted
some days   ago by Mr   Bluk, lehitue to the
establishment of a dneet mail loute fiom Buint
Corn, 111 Alabama, to Natchez, in Mississippi
The letter havinir been read,
Mi. BLACK said that this was a \cry imnoit-
ant mail route to the people of Mississmpi, and
paiticulaily those ot Natchez, whie 11 h" thought
would appeal obvious when it was known that a
I vciylaige number of rtspc e uble tiLi/eus of that
J State, as well   as  the   Legiolatute   theteof, 1 dd
I petitioned  Congiess  expitssly lor its cs'abhsh-
I ment    It was in consequence of these solicit ítions
that the act of Congiess was passed iiithoii/ing
it, and he legrttted gieatly that the ac t hid not
been earned into effect     The acticqnncrt that
the route sliould be established foi < xnji' g the
mail m foui-hoise post-coaches, as well fc>'  tlv
convenience of passengeis as tht m ul   and, uin'J
e\trasweie gianted in AltU'in, ibis 1011     wa-.
uciattended to     ]I< mov  d tl it tin  comm 1111   1-
| t on be pi 11111 d, and lefeired to the Committee on
I The Poot Offiu .
1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    85
Mi GRUNDY said, that the people of the dis-
trict of country alluded to, were already supplied
with the mail But it was proper to say, that the
contracts foi the transpoi tation of it which ex-
isted at the time the act was passed, had not yet
expned, hut aftei they had expired, the loute
would be put in operation m the way prescribed
by thclaw But was it expedient 01 piopei,hem-
quired, to put it in operation when the old con-
tracts had not yet e\pued? There was one thing
which was much to be regiettcd, and that was,
that the transportation of passengeis seemed, in
most places, to have got the upper hand of the
transportaron of the mail, when, in fact, it should
beentnely subordinate and secondary to that ob-
ject The use of post coaches for cauj ing pas-
sengeis, it was true, was \eiy convenient and
desirable, but even tins would be done on the
route alluded to, when the existing contiactshad
expned
Mr BLACK replied, that the honoiable mem
bei from Tennessee was light in saying that the
tiansportation of passengers should be suboidi
nate to that of the mail But he behe\ed that
the old contracts had all expned since the passage
of the act of Congiess establishing the route, and
although there was a mail carried on it, yet the
entue benefits of the law had been lost to that
countiy by the communication not being kept up
directly Letters took an lndnec* couise, some-
times above and sometimes below the route
The motion to print and refer to the Post
Office Committee, was agieed to
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication fiom the Tieasury De-
partment íel xtive to the subordinate officers which
may be dispensed with in the customhouse,
which was íeferred to the Committee on Com-
merce
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs WEBSTER, KNIGHT, PORTER,
WAGGAMAN, WHITE, TOMLINSON,
KENT, and SILSBEE
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr WEBSTEPv, from the Committee on Ti-
nance, reported the bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Joseph White, deceased, which
was lead the fust time, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr PORTER, from the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims, reported a bill to confirm the title
of a tract of land to the heirs of M De la Carera
RESOLUTIONS.
The following  resolution was  submitted  by
Mr  ROBINSON, and adopted
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury
  be directed to lay before the Senate a copy of the
report of the commissioners of the survey and
establishment of the northern boundary line of
the State of Illinois, together with copies of all
papers upon that subject
Mr KENT submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
faus inquire into the piopnety of authorizing the
Secretary of War to purchase the property ad-
joining Foit McHenry, now rented by the public
for the accommodation of the garrison
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr KING, of Geoigia, pursuant to notice, on
leave given, introduced a bill to establish a mail
route in East Florida
Mi KING, of Alabama, pursuant to notice,
and on leave given, intioduced a bill giantmg
preemption rights to settleis on the public lands,
both of which were lead twice and rcfened
Mr KANE moved that when the Senate ad-
journs it adjourn to metton Monday next, which
was agreed to
MAPS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr
Poindexter on Tuesday last, was taken up for
consideration
Resolved, I hat the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause to be prepaied
and laid before the Senate, manuscript maps of
tht spveial States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mn>-
soun, Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana, and
the 1 emtoues of Michigan, Aikansas, and Flor-
ida, which map sshall contain plats of the public
lands within the afoiesaid States and Terutoncs,
which have been surveyed under the authonty of
the United States, maikmg upon the maps afoie-
said, the lands the Indian title to which is not
extinguished, and distinguished by colors upon
the maps afoiesaid the lands granted to the Army,
the lands sold by the United States, the lands
granted to each of the said States and Terntoues
for the endowment of schools, or confirmed to
persons claiming under Bi itish, French, or Span-
ish titles, and also the lands sun eyed as afore-
said, remaining unsold, stating likewise the com
puted number of acres of each of the enumerated
classes of lands, and the numbei of acies which
may have been surrendered to the United States
under any law .passed for the íelief of pui chasers
of the public lands And that Charles Gordon,
who was employed m making the aforesaid maps,
urder a lesolution of the Senate, of the 28th of
February, 1823, and who has made some pi og-
ress m the work, be continued m said seiviee
antil the maps herein dnected to be made out are
completed
Mi WRIGHT expressed a hope that this res
olution might not be pressed this morning It
had not attracted his attention till now, and theie-
fore he was not prepared to vote upon it. A simi
lai íesolution had been passed, he believed, some
years ago, requiring the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to form a similar work to that contemplated
by the resolution, arid some progiess had been
made in it He (Mi W ) desired to inquire
whethei the Secietaiy of the Senate had it in his
power to prepare it, and next, what the piobable
expense would be, he was ignorant of the effect
which the íesolution was calculated to have, and
whether the work was proper to be perfoimed
Mi POINDEXTER said that the resolution
was submitted at the instance of the Committee
on Public Lands It was to furnish a work which
should presenta complete view of all the States
and Temtories in which the public lands weie
situated, as well as of the several surveys and
grants of lands made The Secretary of the
Treasury was not the agent of the Senate, and if
done by the Secretary of the Senate, the expense
of it would form a part of the contingent expense
He had no objection to the leference to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but he thought the hon
oiable member [Mi Wright] would percer c the
importance of the resolution, he had no objection
that it should he foi a short time, indeed, he had
rathei it would take that course
The resolution was laid on the table, and, on
motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, it was ordered
to be printed                                             «
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following íesolutions, submitted by Mr
Linn, and lying on the table, were taken up, con-
sidered, and adopted
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be
instructed to mqun c into the expediency of making
an appropriation to compensate Joseph Hertich,
for a boat impiessed by an officei of the United
State-?, during the late wai with England, and lost
in the service of the Geneial Government.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be mstmcted to inquire into the expediency of
making an approptiation foi the puichase of a
site, and the election of a marine hospital, at St
Louis, Missouu
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inqune into the
expediency of establishing a post route fiom the
City of Jefferson, State of Missouu, to pass
through the s^ats of justice of Morgan, Pulaski,
and Green counties, to Washington county, Ark-
ansas Territory
THOMAS CLTTS.
The íeportof the Tudiciaiy Committee against
the petition of Thomas Cutts was taken up for
consideration, and, after some íemarks fiom
Messrs SHEPLEY, LEIGH, SMITH, CLAY-
TON, POINDEXTER, and PORTER, it was
laid on the table
THANKS TO JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.
The joint resolution from the HoW of Repie-
sentatives, presenting the thanks of Congress to
Mr Tohn Q.CIÍ.CY Adams, for his oration upon
the life and chaiacter of General La Fayette, and
requesting a copy thereof for publication, was
taken up for consideration, on motion of Mi
Ciay, and concuned in
POSTPONEMENT OF SPECIAL ORDERS.
On motion of Mi. POINDEXTER, all the
special oiderson the Calendai weie postponed to
Monday next.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill making an appiopnationforthe repair
of the military banacks at New Orleans, and
The bill to piovide for the legal adjudication
and settlement of claims to lands therein men-
tioned, weie lead a thud time and passed
JOHN THOMPSON.
The report of the Judicial y Committee against
the petition of John Thompson, was taken up
for consideration, and concurred in
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were considered as m Com-
mittee of the Who'e, and oidered to be engiossed
foi a thud leading
A bill for the lchef of J & W Gleason, and
others,
A bill to authorize the enlistment of boys in
tht naval seivice, and
A bill to change the titles of certain officers in
the Navy
NAVY RATIONS.
The bill to regulate Navy rations was taken up
for considei ation, and
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, was laid
on the table                                                                •
REGULATING STEAM VESSELS.
The bill for the regulation of vessels propelled
m whole or in part by steam, having been taken
up foi*consideration,
Mi CLAY remarked, that the chairman of the
Naval Committee was absent, in consequence of
indisposition, he therefore moved that all the
Navy bills be laid on the table, until the benefit
of the chairman's explanations could be obtained.
The motion was agreed to
REMISSION OF DUTIES
The bill to exempt merchandise imported under
certain circumstances, fiom the operation of the
tanif law of 1828, was consideied as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, when some explanations weie
made by Mr WRIGHT and Mr SILSBEE,
relative to the effects which would result fiom the
passage of the bill
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill foi a third reading,
Mi HILL demanded the yeasand nays, which
were ordered, and are as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Clay-
ton, Ewmg, Fiehnghuysen, Hendricks, Kent,
Knight, Naudain, Poindexter,Prentiss, Robbins,
Silsbee, Smith, Sprague, Swift, Tomlinson,
Waggaman, and Webstei—20
NAYS—Mcssis Benton, Bibb, Black,Biown,
Calhoun, Grundy,Hill, Kane, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Leigh, Moore,Morris, Robin-
son, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, White, and
Wright—19
So the question was determined in the affirma-
tive
IMPROVEMENT OF  THE WABASH RIVER.
The bill making an appropuation for the lm-
piovement of the river Wabash, being under con-
sideration as m Committee of the Whole,
Mr HENDRICKS said that the position he
occupied in relation to the bill now before the
Senate, as well as to former bills on the same
subject, tendered it necessary and proper for him
to say a few words on the piesent occasion, that
duty and inclination alike impelled him to this
course, and that if any apology should be thought
necessary for obtruding himself on the attention
of the Senate, it would be found on the table
of every Senator, in the form of instructions to
himself and his colleague, from the Legislature
of the State they had the honor to lepresent
Th*e accompanied the punted íepoit recently
made by the Committee on Roads and Canals, on
the subject of this bill
It would be lecollected (said Mr H ) that, at
the last session, the bill to improve the navigation
of the Wabash, about which so much has re-
cently been said, here and elsewhere, had been
mtioduced by himself, on leave of the Si inte
It would also be lecollected that, heretofoie,nim-
86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________January 2,
self and his colleague had been unsuccessful in
endeavoring to have the improvement of this
river classed with works of internal improvement
Uieady begun, however firmly they weie of
opinion that the Wabash and Erie canal,a woik I
now in rapid progress, and a woik to which this
Government had made large appropriations of
public lands, was but a pait and poition of this
very work, and that that appropriation of public
land would fairly class the improvement of the
Wabash with works aheady begun by the means
ofthe Federal Government They had, how ever,
been foiled in their attempts to have it so consid-
eied by the Senate This work (the improve-
ment of the mei) was then classed with new
objects of internal improvement, and became an
item in the harbor bill of 1832, which received
the veto of the President We all recollect (said
Mr H ) that bill, and its history This woik,
in the opinion of its friends, having such high
claims to be considered a woik of national ím
poitance, was only endangered m 1832 by the
society in which it was found for it was confi
dently asserted and believed, and especially by the
friends of the present Administration, that this
item, unconnected with others, would not have
met the disapprobation of the President Mur ■
murs, too, weie heard, somewhat loud and re-
pioacnful of members of the delegation who
weie supposed to have this matter more especially
in charge, for permitting it thus to be classified
and defeated
In this view of the case then, and that it might
stand on its own has s and alone, I determined
at the last session (said Mi H ) to present it in
a separate bill, drawn up m the same language,
and asking for the same amount, which had been
sanctioned by both Houses as on item in the
harbor bill In this form it was presented to the
Senate In this foim it passed both Houses, and
was presented for the signature ofthe Executive
I give this history of it, (.said Mi H ,) to present
it fairly before the Senate It was my intention,
had the resolution íeferring it to the committee
not been introduced by my colleague, to have
asked leave of the Senate, and to have introduced
the same bill, but the one form is as good as the
other I he committee have íeported the bill, and
the result is the same
The views of the Piesident on the subject of
internal improvement I veiy much íegiet, be
cause, in then effects, they aie, m my opinion,
injurious to the prosperity of the Union, and
especially are they so to that poition of it whence
I  come    With his views, howcvei, it is unnecea-
saiy, on the present occasion, to conflict, foi tins
bill stands upon its own basis, and is not, as I
believe, obnoxious to his objection^    But I would
heie mciely remaik on ti e subject geneially, that'
it docs seem to me leasonab'e that this Govern  i
merit, being the gioat landholder  in the West,
and in a'l the newestates, should sustain a poition ll
of the ex¡ ease in making the principal primal y |l
loads      lhe ovvneis of the sod in all the new ,
Sti'es,whosepio) crtj is supposed to be mueased j
II   value  bj   loads  vvlen  made, a e  taxed  foi
miking tlitm   ind why should the Government t
be exempt ñora its fin pnpoihon of the assess
mei t'   But the case is s ill stiongei in rehtion
t) nvers, wlneh the Geneial Governmentdeclaied I
to be public highways, assume junsdi Hon of, i|
letinpeipetuilly the ownciship of, exclude them '
ium the suiveys, ind thus present them fiom  !
i   coming piivate piopeity of the citizens, oi the
j loptity of ti e State* tluough which thry flow
If thf Government of the Union has not powei   I
li mpioie then, iv.e e tloc„ it bct the powei of
,unsdic on ovu them     Foi tha  powei of own
ujnp and juu d Uion n .essiulj excluues the
ewieis'up nd., uisdiction ot the S alps If the
b ues have nitl ei ownciship no juusd tio-i,
thiysuiely hive not <.      powei of tilting pes   '
0  ssioi of them ever foi ti epi i pose of imp ovmg
)em     If thry li ive no eontiol over the bed of ,
t  e nvei, how un Ükj stop a cl annel her , «id I
'j (li  mo n i   tHi. e, o    di i n   the watei   moa
le  d  i f   r the pi ip   se of en Us'
The Confess  of 17b7, by its oidinnce, de
(    ltd  the  u ci W i' i=-1  a navigable i    ei, and
us his btei   i   rial d  by nunc ous subsequent
et  m ni mo 1 tootbei sti  1 ns of lhe new State 
fli   ia,   'softie Web  s'   belovVmcenncs say
J   f tttn miU , vile itaii  y be best impioved
1  y   i canal of ti it length   oi i cihaps longei     A
few years ago, a corps of engineers was in-
structed to examine many places proposed for the
location of a western armory No w suppose this
armory to have been located and put in motion
there, would this Government permit the States
of Indiana and Illinois to withdiaw the water of
that river from a valuable public woik, into the
feeder of a canal' If the nvtr belongs to the
Federal Government, the States cannot, without
pel mission ofthe Gov ernment, enter upon it, even
for the purposes of improvement The power of
improvement, then, seems inseparably connected
with ownership and jurisdiction To say that
the latter exists in this Government, and not the
former, is to say that the improvement can net er
be made, without a compact on that subject be
tween the f ederal Government and that of the
States, and no one would contend that such
compact could confer any power which w as not
pieviously in the constitutions of the respective
governments The power of improving the nav-
igation of nvers, suicly belonged to the States
before the formation of the Union It is since
either tiansferred to the Government of the United
States, oi not being so transferred, is reserved to
the States, or by the formation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, it is entirely annihi-
lated Now, in the case of the Wabash, it is not
íeserved to the States, for, by compact and
ordinance, Congress declared its power over it,
declared it a common public highway, and guar
an tied its free navigation forever The power,
then, to improve this uver, not being resei ved to
the States, it is in the Federal Government, or it
is annihilated That it is not annihilated, but
remains in this Government, under the sanction
of the Constitution of the United States, is ob-
vious and certain, by reference to the sixth article
of that instrument itself
I will now, Mr President, (said Mr H ,) pro-
ceed to state some reasons for believing that this
work of internal impiovemcnt—the navigation of
the Wabash river—rests upon a bisis essentially
diffeient from other ordmaiy objects, such as
those chiefly composed in the harboi bill of 1832
Indeed, I have great reason to believe that the
Piesident could no' have been in possession of all
the facts of the ease, or he would have taken a
totally diffeient view of the whole matter In the
first instance, then, this is not a new woik, it is
emphatically an old work, commenced about two
yeais ago, and now in successful piogress—a
work to which this Government has aheady
appropi íated a portion of hei public lands—a por
tion ofthe ^ery means by which the work is now
cained on, foi the canal is but an impiovement
of the nvei, in and through the State of Indiana,
and what is thiswork' Itisa woik which, when
finished, will foim a perfect inland navigation
between New York ind New Oilcans, or the
"hoi test and most eligible route It is tiue thit
the bill befoie the Senate is to impiove the navi
gition of the Wabash uver, and theappiopu
ation, if made, vv ill no doubt be chiefly expended
in impioving the rapids below Vincennes—pos
sibly bv a canal aiound them, for, whether that
mode of impiovement be now adopted oi not, it
will no doubt be the mode iltimatily adopted
The cmal will rather pause than stop, at tile
mojth ofthe Tippecanoe So gieatly important
will be that link in the chain which the Wabash
is destined for awhile to supply, thit the canal
will ultimati ly be constructed down t1 e entire
length of the Wabash, to the Ohio nvei And,
sn, what was the ongin, and whit is the piesent
condition of thiswork, aheady begun, undei the
united auspices of the Fedeial Government and
U at of tin State of Indiana
The ongin of the Wib ish ard Er e ca il («¡aid
, Mi   H ) wis a law of Congios ofMaieh, 1827,
appiopiiatuig a quaittty if the public 1 nds—
I equal to f ve miles in width i'ongUt, whole line__
*o aid the Scite of Inrmmin coiiatiuctingicinal
toui e then-vigable watei s of the Wabash river
with tho-e of Like Lne In -dd tion to this
important gi ant of lands, a corps of United States
engineeis wis detdiled  to !ocat<  the cinil, the
1 wnole expense being pa.d by this Government I
The can„lv/as located fion the Mau nee bay, on I
Like Euc, aeioss the simmit level n ir foitj
"Wiyne, and down tie Wal ash river to the
modth of the Tippecu oc The *1 lie di tance i
is two hunaicd and eleven mies, seventy five of
vvhich aic vv lilun tnehmiu ofthe St xfo^Omo and
the remaining one hundred and tlm ty six within
the State of Indiana The State of Ohio has, by
compact with the State of Indiana agreed to con-
stiuct that portion ofthe canal which lies within
hei own boundaries, and the State of Indiana
has relinquished to her a corresponding portion
of the grant The State of Indiana has entered
with spirit on her part of the woik She has
sold a portion of hei lands, and made other large
appropuations, and the woik is going rapidly on
It is proper here to remaik, that the river below
the mouth of the Tippecanoe has also been sur-             <
veyed by an officer of the engineer corps, at the
expense ofthe United States An appiopuation
to that object was made in 1828 Captain Smith,
of the coips of engineers, was detailed to that
service in 1823, and made his repoit to the War
Department in 1831
This íeport, with estimates of that officer, wi'l
be found on the tables of the membeis
Ofthe one hundred and thirty six miles spoken
of, seventy aie under contract, and about thnty-
five at this moment finished It is fuitheimoie
contemplated to finish the work in 1836 oi 1837
The State of Ohio, we believe, will not be long
aftei that period in constructing hei portion o'it
to the Maumee bay, and, instead of being pre-
matuie, then, as has been intimated, in asking
for this appropriation for the nvei, this will no
doubt be the last portion of the work done It
will, in all probability, be found undone when
the canal shall be finished This work, then, is
vastly more important than the improvement of
any other river of its size It is moie mipoitant
in the extent and magnitude of the navigation
with which it is connected, in the gieatness ofthe
commerce -which it creates and accommodates,
and in the impaialleled extent and productiveness
of the region of country through which it passes
Another reason why I believe that the lmprove-
mentof the navigation of the Wabash has stronger
claims upon this Government than almost any
othei object presented, is, that the importance of
this navigation seems to have been in view of the
Government before the Constitution was foimed
It seems to have been provided for by the Con-
gress of the Confedeiation, and the provision thus
made to have been afterwards sanctioned by the
Constitution itself I allude (said Mi H ) to the
oidinance of Congiess of July, 1787, winch is
declaied to be a con pact " unalterable unless by
common consent," between the original States
and the people and States in the Noithwestern
Territory, vherein the navigable wateis ofthe
Wabash, and of the Miami of Lake Euc, and the
carrying places between them, aie declared to be
common highways The oidinance alluded to is
in these woids.                                                                 m
" The navigable wateis leading into the Mis-
sissippi and St Lawrence, and the cairying
' places between the same, shall be common high
' ways and forever free, as well to the inhabitants
1 of the said Teintoiy, ai to the citizens of the
' United Stites, and those of any other States
' thatmaybeadmitted into the Confcdei acy, with-
' out any tax, impost, oi duty therefor
Now, sir, the people of the Northwestern Ter-
ntoiy, at this t me the people ofthe States of
Olno, Indiana, Illinois,and the Teintory of Mi'li-
lgan, have never as yet requested any change in
this ordinance     Itiemamsnow  as it was then
It secures to the people of li  then Noith western
Territory, the net navigation of the rivers lead
mg into the Mississippi and tne St  Lawience,
as well as the cm j ingp'ares between then  ind
although there is no pos tn    stipuliion, m so
many- words, tb     'he C ove- nmeiit of the Union
shall impiove, ind Keep n the coniht oi of use
ful less which the coantiy i iiy neej aid ícqu re,
thos" great highw-js of tonincioc, yet ti e mi
plied ii ten tion inj pledg   of the Giver mient to
do so, has al viys ap, eneJ iO me too stioig to
be leststcd     ¡Noi wis the ex ert oi binding ob
hgitio i of this comp it at i 1 weakened, bv the
Consti u ion of the Ui i ed State  adop ed aftu
w ids   f>i in t'ld   /nrvConstitutnn, Ly its sixth
article, it is d    hied  tn it " ill deb s contricted,
' and e gigi mints c iteied in  >, 1  toie tito idop-
' tion oftiiisGonstitu íon.sn ill b   is valid against
'the United Sates unlei tus. Constitution,   is
' undei   the  Gjnfcdeiation "    Tli s   oidu nice,
ti en, is sanctioned by tne Coi slit ition itstlt
In  tins view  of the question  it  Ins iwajs
appealed  to  me  that   mate id  ot   constitulicnal
1835.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
objections to these works of internal improve- I
rneni, tliere is a dnect constitutional obligation
to carry them on and complete them; and 1 have |
always thought that, instead of aiding the State j
of Indiana in constructing the canal and improv-
ing the river, it was incumbent on the General
Government to do both, without the interposition
of the State. The carrying places referred to in
that ordinance are well known to have been that
at Fort Wayne, between the Wabash and the
Miami of Lake Erie, and that at Chicago, be-
tween the waters of the Illinois rive;- and those of
Lake Michigan. There may have been others
of less note, but these were the principal ones.
That at Fort Wayne was especially well known.
Its advantages and importance were, perhaps,
even magnified; and there is little doubt that it
was in reference to this, more than to any other,
that the clause in the ordinance just referred to
was framed and inserted. This carrying-place
had been known and used by Indian traders
before, and during, the Revolution. They had
frequently passed over it in rainy and flood sea-
sons of the year, in pirogues aad canoes; and
subsequent to that period, detachments of United
States troops, with their baggage, have frequently
passed over this portage in the same way.
This, sir, (said Mr. H ,) is not a view of this
matter now presented to the Senate for the first
time. It is now about nine years since the prop-
osition to make an appropriation of public lands
to aid the State of Indiana in improving the nav-
igation of the Wabash and Maumee rivers, was
first made by myself to the Senate; and in a report
on that subject, which it became my duty to
make as a member of the Committee on Roads
and Canals, the ground of obligation, on the part
of the Federal Government, to improve this car-
rying-place, and to aid in this chain of inland
navigation, was distinctly taken, and presented
to the Senate. It was relied on as a strong
ground, and one which shielded the application
then made from the constitutional difficulty about
internal improvements. This'ground was then
sustained by the Senate. An appropriation of
public lands was made to this object in March,
1827; and by the united aid of this appropriation,
aad of the energies of the State, the canal is now
in rapid progress.
The State of Indiana is unable, at this time, to
prosecute and to accomplish this work.- She has
embarked largely, considering her age and her
resources; and the canal which she is now push-
ing rapidly on, is as much as ought to be ex-
pected from her at the present time. Where the
interests of the General Government, as in the
present case, is in unison with those of the States,
the object is decidedly one of national import-
ance; and where the obligations of the Federal
Government, in the construction of this work,
are paramount to all otheis, it does seem reason-
able that an appropriation should bo unhesita-
tingly granted, to aid in making this improve-
ment; otherwise it must be left undone till the
State ot Indiana shall have finished her canal;
which canal must still remain, for a great portion
of the year, comparatively useless till the river
shall be improved.
The people of the western country, as a matter
of necessity, consume foreign goods almost to
the entire amount of their surplus productions,
and the landholder in that country is deeply inter-
ested in every facility of transportation to and
fiom the country. Ttiat which diminishes trans-
portation, adds to the value of his agricultural
productions, as well as diminishes the cost of
foreign goods. Every facility, too, of transpor-
tation, diminishes the difficulty and expense of j
einigiants in getting to the country; brings more
means and more people into the country; saves j
more of their means to purchase public lands after
they get there; increases the receipts into the land
oiiices, and is of lasting benefit to the emigrating-
classes of the old States. In all ages of the world,
of which history gives us any knowledge, where-
soever civilization and the arts of peace have
flourished most, there internal improvements have
been most fostered by the Government; there
roads and canals have been made to subserve the
great purposes of agriculture and commerce; and
the most warlike nations of the earth have also
made these improvements the means of national
defense, and used them as the most important
facilities in offensive war.   But considerations of I
this kind  might be multiplied  to an unlimited
extent, and I shall not dwell on them.
I have (said Mr. II.) the most implicit confi-
dence in the declaration of the President, in which
he regrets that he could not give his assent to
the Wabash bill. I believe that his feelings and
inclination were wholly in its favor, and I sin-
cerely regret that ho had not taken the view of
the case which I have endeavored to present.
Had he taken this view, I cannot but think that
he would have come to a different conclusion,
and to this different conc'usion it does seem to
me he mi^ht have arrived without in the least
receding from any ground he has heretofore
taken on the subject of internal improvements.
The rule by which appropriations for the im-
provement of rivers are confined to places below
ports of entry established by law, has never been
satisfactory to my miiid, nor does it appear to be
very satisfactory to the President himself. It
seems to imply that a work which is unconsti-
tutional to-day may become constitutional to-
morrow, by the simple passage of a law estab-
lishing a port of entry at the head of supposed
navigation, and that the Constitution can be
changed and new powers given to it by the
legislative power—a power which it has created,
prescribed, and limited.
A port of entry on some central position of this
extensive navigation will be convenient and use-
ful. It will, probably, soon be indispensable. It
was moved in the other House, at the last session;
and conversations were had with the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce here, on the same
subject. It was thought then to be premature,
as the application for aid in improving the river
and constructing the canal had, on previous occa-
sions, been considered. I am anxious to have
the reasonable assistance of the Government in
perfecting this navigation, and the proper facilities
created for using it, when perfected. I am dis-
posed, then, as I was at the last session, that a
port of entry or delivery should be established at
La Fayette, upon the Wabash; and have, at this
time, this additional reason—that I doubt not it
would remove ail objections to an approval of the
bill, if it should again pass both Houses. These
objections, however, I hope will be done away
by other considerations, in addition to those
already named—by the rapid progress of the canal
since the close of the last session of Congress,
and by the advance already made towards a per-
fect inland navigation between the two commer-
cial emporiums of the country—New York and
New Orleans. Important facts exist in the case
now 'that did not exist at the close of the last
session.
Then it was not a fact that thirty-five miles of
the canal had been finished, and that the water
had been let into the summit-level section of the
canal. Now, these facts exist. The waters of
the St. Joseph, a tributary of the Maumee,
already flow upon the summit-level of the country
and mingle with the waters of the Wabash. The
water communication is now continuous, very
imperfect to be sure, butitis continuous between
the ports of entry and delivery which are nu-
merous on Lake Erie, and those upon the Missis-
sippi.
When Mr. Hendricks had concluded—
Mr. HILL remarked that as the Senate was
not full, he thought the bill had better be laid on
the table, and made a motion to that effect, which
was disagreed to.
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill for a third reading-
Mr. HILL demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Before the question was taken—
Mr. POIJNTJEXTEIl said he had no difficulty
whatever in giving hi« vote upon this bill. But i
he wished it to be understood that he did not ¡
yield his assent to the distinction, on the score of |
constitutionality, taken by the President, between j|
the improvement of a river which led to a port of |l
entry, and one upon which there was no port of ||
entry. He would, by no vote of his, sanction jj
such a senseless distinction. The President had ;:
repeatedly signed bills for appropriations to im- j
prove rivers upon which there were no ports of i
entry. He had approved an appropriation to the |
Red river, where there was nothing but wolves |
and bears; and if a port of entry had been estab- i
hshed there, he (Mr. P.) would be at a loss to i
know what wild animal of the forest would be
appointed there as the receiver. The objection
alluded to had neither the Constitution nor com-
mon sense to support it. It was one of those
refined distinctions which were peculiar to a
certain party of the present day.
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill, it was determined in the affirmative by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clay, Clayton, Ew-
mg, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Kane, Kent,
Knight, Linn, Naudain, Poindexter, Porter,
Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee, Smith, Swift, Tip-
ton, Tomlinson, Waggaman, and Webster—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Calhoun, Grundy, Hill, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Mor-
ris, Preston, Shepley, Tallmadge, White, and
Wright—i8.
NfTlCE OP A BILL.
Mr. LINN gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to confirm
titles to certain lands in Missouri.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 2, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Mr. McKIM, of
Maryland, and Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed to a Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union:
A bill making appropriations for certain fortifi-
cations of the United States, heretofore com-
menced, for the year 1835;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1835; and
A bill to authorize the proper officers of the
Treasury Department to credit the account of- the
Treasurer of the United States with the amount
of unavailable funds standing to his debt on the
books of the Treasury; and to transfer the
amount to the debt of the banks and individuals
indebted for the same.
.Mr. BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the Springfield
Manufacturing Company; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of David S. Camp-
bell; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. F., from the same committee, Mr. KIN-
NARD, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, Mr. TOMPKINS, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, and Mr. FOSTER,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, made un-r
favorable reports upon various petitions, &c,
referred to said committees.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to amend an act grant-
ing to the State of Alabama certain relinquished
and unappropriated lands, for the purpose of im-
proving the navigation of the Coosa, Black War-
rior, and other rivers in said State; which was
read twice and committed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted on Tues-
day last, were taken up, and agreed to:
By Mr. FILLMORE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the amount
of hospital money collected in the several collec-
tion districts of the State of New Tork for each
year, from the year 1798 to the present time; and
also the amount expended in each year, during
the same time, in each of said districts, and for
what purposes and objects such expenditures
were made, and the amount remaining unex-
pended at this time for each district, and also the
donations to said fund, and by whom made,
and when and on what conditions, if any, and
how the money or property given to said fund
by donations has been disposed of or applied,
and what compensation, or portion of said fund,
has been expended or applied for collecting, re-
ceiving, or paying out the same, and to whom.
By Mr. GALBRAITH:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be di-
88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2.
rected to furnish to this House a statement of
the expenditures on the works at the harbor at
Presque Isle during the past season; the amount
paid for stone, giving the number of cords, and
at what rate; the amount for timber and other ma-
terials, and at what rate; the-amount paid for
labor, to whom, and at what rate per day or
month; the amount paid for superintendence, to
whom, at what rate per day, and the number of
days charged for such service, as well as every
other item of expenditure at the said harbor;
also, whether the directions of Colonel Totten,
with regard to taking frequent soundings in the
1iay, have been attended to.
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR.
The resoiution submitted on Tuesday by Mr.
TuoMis.of Maryland, to amend the 13th rule of
the House so as to include anions those who are
admitted to the privileged seat*within the Hall,
the District Attorneys of the United States, was
taken up.
Mr. FOSTER remarked that some of the
district attorneys, and particularly the one who
resided in this city, had frequently important
business to transact with the members of the
Judiciary Committee, and from their exclusion
from the Hall, they were compelled to have mem-
bers called out of the House. By the adoption
of the resolution, it would probably not add more
than two persons at any one time to those who
aheady possessed the privilege of the House.
Mr. PATTON moved to amend the resolution
by including also members of the State Legisla-
tures.
Mr. BEATY suggested that the judges of State
courts should be embraced in the proposition to
amend.
Mr. PATTON modified his amendment as re-
quested.
The amendment,, as modified, was then disa-
greed to—yeas 63, nays 70.
Mr. HARDIN moved 10 lay the resolution on
the tabic; but withdrew the motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, who explained
the reasons which had induced him to offer the
resolution, which were in substance the same as
those which had been given by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Foster.] He could not con-
ceive how the adoption of the resolution could
possibly incommode any gentleman, as a very
limited number of persons would or could avail
themselves of the privilege which it granted.
Mr. HARDIN was opposed to enlarging the
rule on this subject. It had already been carried
too far. He could not possibly see what business
the Auditors, the Register of the Treasury, and
some otheis could have in this House. He did
not object to the resolution because he was op-
posed to the, admission of the accomplished attor-
ney for the District of Columbia into the Hall,
but because he was opposed to enlarging a rule
•which already had the effect of rendering it almost
impossible for members to hear what was going
on in the Hail. He was a member of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and was not aware that the
district attorney for this District had ever called
on that committee on any business connected
witli his public duties. The fact was, innumerable
applications were made to this House for claims,
and the members were continually importuned by
lawyers who resided in this city, who were paid
a fee for so doing by claimants. He submitted
it to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas]
if this was not the leading motive which had
caused this application on the part of the attorney
of this District.
Mr. THOMAS said he was not aware that
such was the case.    He believed it was not.
Mr. HARDIN continued. He was satisfied
this was one of the motives, if not the leading
one, which had induced the application.
Mr. BURGES would have been gratified if the
amendment which proposed to admit members
of the Legislatures upon the floor of the House,
had prevailed. It was due to them from the
situations which they held. As, however, they
¡ire to be excluded, he was not in favor of admit-
ting the district attorneys. He felt mortified
that this District, after all the liberality which
had been extended to it by Congress, should
think it necessary to send an attorney here to
supervise the proceedings of this House.
Mr. VANDKRPOEL remarked, that by a
liberal construction of the rule, heretofore, it was
believed that members of the State Legislatures
were entitled to the privilege of the House. By
the vote on the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Patton,] a different
construction had been given to the rule. As the
members of the State Legislatures were excluded,
he should feel hound to vote for the exclusion of
the district attorneys. If, however, the vote in
relation to the former could be reconsidered, he
would willingly vote to admit both classes to the
privileged seats in the House.
Mr. MILLEll concurred in the remarks of
the gentlemen from Rhode Island and New York,
[Messrs. Burges and Vanm-rpoei,.] He moved
to amend the resolutions so as to include mem-
bers of the State Legislatures and district attor-
neys, which varied from the amendment which
had been rejected, by not including judges.
Mr. HARDIN moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table; which was agreed to—
yeas 108, nays not counted.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting to Abraham Pray a revolu-
tionary pension, and arrears of pension withheld
fiom him by the War Department, upon the
alleged ground of not having perfected ¡lis proof
seasonably; and that the papers heretofore pre-
sented to the House be referred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill authorizing the President of the
United States to cause such experiments to be
made, by a board of engineers to be by him
selected, as shall test the practicability of a fire-
ship invented by Uriah Brown, for harbor and
coast defense, and making the necessary appro-
priation for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, it was
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, That the thanks of Congress be presented
to John Q.uincy Adams, for the appropriate ora-
tion delivered by him on the life and character of
General La Fayette, in the Representatives Hall,
before both Houses of Congress, on the 31st day
of December, 1834; and that he be requested to
furnish a copy for publication.              Q
Resolved, That the chairman of the joint com-
mittee appointed to make the necessary arrange-
ments to' carry into effect the resolution of the
last session of this Congress, in relation to the
death of General La Fayette, be requested to com-
municate to Mr. Adams the aforegoing resolution,
receive his answer thereto, and present the same
to both Houses of Congress.
■    On motion of Mr. WARDWELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing for the publication of the
maps of the post offices and post roads, and which
are now being drawn by David H. Burr.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making more effectual provision for the punish-
ment of perjury committed under the pension laws
of the United States.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
it was
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to inquire into the propriety of establishing a
national foundery for the purpose of fabricating
ordnance of various kinds, suitable to the wants
of the General Government, and report to this
House by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of North Carolina,
it wat*
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Godly's Cross Roads, Beaufort county, to Cap-
tain Cary's store, on South Dividing creek, so
extended as to supply post office facilities to the
population generally on the south side of Pimlico
river, as far as may be required.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a naval depot at Brunswick, in
the State of Georgia.
Mr. GAMBLE submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
de directed to communicate to this House wheth-
er, in his opinion, it is practicable or convenient
for the Department to, collect, and safely keep
and disburse the public moneys of the United
States, without the agency of a bank, or banks;
and, if so, to report to this House the best mode,
in his opinion, by which that object can be ac-
complished.
Mr. GAMBLE asked a suspension of the rule
which required his resolution to ho one day upon
the table. His object was to receive the required
information at as early a day as possible.
Mr. POLK said, if the gentleman would refer
to the supplementary report made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, he would find the informa-
tion which he desired. In that report, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had declared that no Bani
of the- United States was necessary to facilitate
the fiscal operations of the Government; thatthe
system adopted by the Department was amply
competent, and had proved entirely successful.
From the facts and statements embraced in the
report to which he had referred, Mr. P. had no
doubt that the plan adopted for the safe-keeping
of the public-moneys, was so far completely suc-
cessful, that it could no longer be denominated
" an experiment." Under these circumstances,
he could see no necessity for adopting the reso-
lution.
Mr. GAMBLE said, his main object was to
know whether any bank whatever was necessary
to be used as the fiscal agent of the Government
If we were to have an agent of this character, he
preferred that it should be one emanating from
the Government, and belonging exclusively to it.
He was as much opposed to the plan of using the
State institutions, for this purpose as he could be
to the Bank of trie United States. The plan sug-
gested by the President of the United States in
his annual message in 1830, although at the time
it met with no countenance from any quarter, was
one which he believed was more practicable, under
existing circumstances, than any other—a bank
founded upon the Government deposits and re-
sponsibility, entirely disconnected from any State
institution, or local stockholders, &c. The Bank
of the United States, it was considered on all
hands, must go down. Some new and permanent
system upon the subject of the keeping and dis-
bursement of the finances of the country must be
adopted, and he was anxious to receive all the
light which could be thrown on the subject, not
only by the Secretary of the Treasury, but by the
entire Cabinet. The resolution which he had
offered could do no harm, and might be benefi-
cial. He therefore hoped it would be permitted
to pass.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said this was a question
of considerable importance. The supplementary
report of the Secretary of the Treasury would,
however, be found entirely explicit in every point
embraced in the resolution. He had no great
objection to the resolution being sent to the De-
partment, although jt was probable the Secretary
of the Treasury^ would refer the House to the
report to which'he had alluded for the informa-
tion required. If it was possible to mature a plan
to dispense with the agency of banks in conduct-
ing the fiscal operations of the Government, he
might not be opposed to it; it was, however,
wholly impracticable to dispense with such an
agency at this time. In regard to the establish-
ment of a Government bank, to which the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Gamble] had alluded,
such a project was not now likely to meet with
many supporters from any quarter.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, said that, as
there seemed to be a disposition to discuss the
resolution, he would move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the orders of the day.
The motion prevailed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Secretary of the Navy, pursuant to the
act of 1809 in relation to the contingent expend-
itures of said Department; which was laid on the
table.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,   BY BLAIR &  RIVES,
Second Session, 23d Congress.
MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1835
Volóme 2....No. 6|.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
response to a resolution of the 11th ultimo,
relating to the sea-wall at St. Augustine, in
Florida; which was laid on the table.
DAVID KILBORN.
The order of the day being announced, the
bill for the relief of David ICilborn was taken up.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, said he was about
to have moved the postponement of the consid-
eration of this bill, inasmuch as it was likely to
elicit some further discussion; but from the soli-
citation of several friends of the bill, he would
withdraw that intention, and hoped the question
would be taken on its engrossment.
On the question of engrossing the bill for a
third reading, the yeas and nays were demanded,
and the motion seconded by the House.
The question was then discussed by Messrs.
THOMSON of Ohio, BRIGGS, WARDWELL,
and HUBBARD, in favor of the bill, and Messrs.
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, HARDIN, GREN-
NELL, and LANE, in opposition to it.
Pending this discussion, an unsuccessfulmotion
was made to lay the bill on the table.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
engrossment of the bill; and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 94, noes 97.
So the bill was rejected; and then the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 3, 1835.
Mr. McINTYRE, from the Committee of
Claims, and Mr. LAY, from the Committee on
RevolutionaryPensions, made unfavorable reports
upon petitions referred to said committees.
DIVORCE OF GOVERNMENT FROM ALL
BANKS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Gamble, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to this House whether,
in his opinion, it is practicable or convenient for
the Department to collect, and safely keep and
disburse, the public moneys of the United States,
without the agency of a bank or banks; and, if
bo, to report to this House the best mode, in his
opinion, by which that object can be accom-
plished.
Mr. CLAYTON addressed the House in favor
of the passage of the resolution. He deemed the
principal argument in its favor the existence of
the incontrovertible fact, that Congress did not
possess the power to charter corporations. For
instance, it would be incompatible with its con-
stitutional powers to grant a charter to an insti-
tution of that kind in Philadelphia; yet, by the
present system of deposits, we make use of a cor-
poration created by the State of Pennsylvania.
He asked if we did not, by this course, by indi-
rection, accomplish that which we could not,
constitutionally, by direct means accomplish ?
The subject for inquiry was, to see if we could
not separate ourselves entirely—the Government
—from all connection with banking institutions;
not only from the Bank of the United States, but
from all local banks also. We are told that the
Bank of the United States, with its twenty-four
branches, is incompetent to the discharge of the
fiscal affans of the Government; not from pecu-
niary inability, but from legal and other sufficient
objections. He asked why these same objections
would not apply equally to the local institutions ?
He thought they clearly did. We have been told
(said Mr. C.) that this great moneyed monopoly,
this monster, had interfered with the political
affairs of the country, arraying itself in opposi-
tion to the Government itself. He would ask
where such a moneyed influence could be placed
to be more dangerous to the liberties of the people
than in the hands of their rulers? Mr. C. s.aid
the resolution of his colleague [Mr. Gamble] was
merely one of inquiry, whether the fiscal opera-
tions of the country could not be properly man-
aged, and at the same time dispense altogether
with banks and banking institutions. The people
of the South believed they could, and had ever
been opposed to moneyed monopolies.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, said it was not
usual to discuss a mere proposition of engrossing.
There was, however, some misunderstanding
upon this subject. He had read the supplement-
ary report of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
which reference had been made, and it certainly
did not contain all the information required by
the resolution. The report from the Department
was elaborate, and recommended the State banks
as the fiscal agents of the Government. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had reported a bill,
in accordance with the recommendations of the
Treasury. The resolution, however, w'ent fur-
ther, and called on the Secretary to state whether
his Department could be conducted, in reference
to the keeping and disbursement of the public
moneys, without any bank agency whatever. This
information was the more desirable at this time,
because of the determniation, which had been
expressed in a certain quarter, to resort as speed-
ily as convenient to a hard money currency or
circulation. If the plan which had been recom-
mended by the Treasury and the Committee of
Ways and Means, which proposed to employ
the State banks as the fiscal agents of the Gov-
ernment, should be adopted, it would thwart the
project of a metallic currency, as the amount of
paper money would be thereby greatly increased
instead of diminished, and its circulation would
also be facilitated by the passage of the bill which
had been presented by the Committee of Ways
and Means. If the Secretary of the Treasury
would present a plan whereby the agency of all
banks in conducting the operations of that De-
partment may be dispensed with, it would con-
tribute more than anything else to check the issue
of bank paper, which now, more than at any
other time, was flooding the country, while it
would, at the same time, be the best means of
furthering the views of those who were in favor
of a hard money currency.
Mr. POiÜK remarked, that there was a time
when certain gentlemen on. this floor contended
that the fiscal operations of the Government could
only be conducted successfully by the Bank of
the United States. A new light seemed to have
broken in upon gentlemen, and for the first time
they had discovered that no bank whatever was
necessary for this purpose.
Mr. ALLAN explained. He gave no opinion
on the subject. It had been contended by some
that bank-agency was unnecessary. He wished
to know the views of the Treasury on this point.
Mr. POLK continued. The gentleman from
Kentucky would find that the precise information
which he desired was contained in the report from
the Department.    In that document the Secretary
After the charter shall expire, no difficulty is
' anticipated in having any of these duties, which
1 may then remain, discharged by State banks.
' But if any should occur, it will become neces-
' sary to devolve these duties on some responsible
' receiver or collector already in office, or on some
' safe agent not now in office, as has been the
' practice for years in this country, in paying pen-
' sions at convenient places, near which there was
' no State bank or branch of the United States
' Bank, and as has long been the usage in some
' countries of Europe, by having the public rev-
' enue in certain districts chiefly received, kept,
'and transmitted, through private agents and
' brokers. This kind of personal agency, however,
' is, in the opinion of the undesigned, tobe avoided.
' ill all practicable and safe cases, under our present
' system of selected banks: because it would render
' the system less convenient, ¡ess secure, and more
• complex, if not more expensive. Hence it hasnot
' yet been resorted to.
" But it was considered proper to mention this
' contingency, in order that its effects, if ever an-
' ticipated, may beforehand be duly weighed m
' the examination of the whole subject; and to
' add, that if this contingency be extended to the
' whole establishment of State banks, as well as
' of the United States Bank, on the responsibility
' that they may all cease to exist, or may refuse
' to receive and manage the public deposits, (how-
' ever improbable the occurrence of such an event
' may be,) the fiscal operations of the Govern-
' ment could undoubtedly still proceed, through
'the personal agencies before mentioned. It is
' admitted, however, that it would be at some in-
' convenience, and some increase of expense,
' unless remedied in a manner that may hereafter
' be developed, and would not, in the opinion of
' this Department, and in the present condition
' of things, be so eligible a system as the present
' one; because banks, though exposed to some
1 dangers and evils, and though not believed to
' be necessary for the fiscal purposes of any Gov-
' ernment, and much less of one in the present ■
' happy financial situation of ours, are frankly
' acknowledged to be, in many respects, a class
'of agents economical, convenient,and useful."
It would be seen by these extracts that the Sec-
retary had responded directly and fully to that
portion of the resolution upon which gentlemen
were desirous of receiving information. In the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, provision is made, in the event of the
failure of the State banks to answer the purposes
contemplated, for the safe-keeping and disburse-
ment of the public moneys. The adoption of the
resolution was therefore wholly unnecessary, if
not improper, as the proposed call upon the De-
partment for a plan which it has not recom-
mended, might have a tendency to delay the action
of the House upon the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which would come
up in a day or two as the special order. He was
not disposed now to enter into a discussion of the
constitutional question, which had been mooted
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Clayton;]
but he was prepared to pro ve, when the bill to which
he had referred should come up, that the keep-
ing and disbursing of the public moneys, under
the present system, was as safe and convenient
as any plan which had been heretofore adopted.
Mr. P. concluded by declaring that he did not
rise for the purpose of throwing any obstacles in
the way of the passage of the resolution; but sup-
posing it possible that amid the lumber on the
tables of members, the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, from which he had read extracts,
had been overlooked, he had thought proper to
refer to it; in order to show that all •the material
information sought by the resolution, was already
in the possession of the House.
Mr. FILLMORE regretted the existence of
this controversy at the present time. He believed
the members of the House were already in pos-
session of all information on this subject that the
Department could give. It was not usual, more-
over, (Mr. F. said,) for this House to call upon a
Department for a mere opinion—nor did he think
it comported with its dignity to do so. The
opinion had been advanced, from sources which
he had been accustomed to respect, that the
employment by the Government of a corporation,
was equivalent to the creation of such corporate
body. From this opinion h^elt bound to dis-
fent. He could see no propriety in the argument.
Did it follow that because the Government em-
ployed railroads, steamboats, owned by chartered
companies, &c, for purposes of transportation,
Government possessed the power to create those
companies? Certainly not. The Government
held the power to create a Navy, but it did not
follow that it could not legally employ the ves-
sels of companies for all necessary purposes. He
thought there was a most palpable distinction
between the power to create and to employ. He
concluded bv saying he had not contended that
Congress had the power to incorporate banking
institutions — but he objected to the reasons
urged in support of that position.   He was «lis-
90
THE CONG-RESSÍONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
posed  to  oppose   the   resolution as  essentially
unnecessary.
. Mr. EWING said, if the Secretary of the
Treasury possessed the power to act on this sub-
ject, he saw no reason for the interference of
Congress. He did not believe that the system
•which had been adopted had proved, or would
prove, successful. He referred to the agency
which had been assigned to the receivers of pub-
lic moneys, as a part of the system adopted by
the Department, and denied the utility of such
an arrangement. He believed that Congress
alone had the right to establish and regulate the
depositories of the'public moneys. He was not
the advocate of the Bank of the United States.
It was known to the world that he had proposed
a distinct projet on this subject, upon which he
desired the action of Congress. H.e would, there,
fore, move to amend the resolution by proposmg-
in lieu thereof, that a select committee of one
member from each State be appointed, for the
purpose of inquiring into the expediency of
adopting a plan which he had presented at the
last session forthe establishmentof an institution
for the management of the fiscal concerns of the
Government.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, regretted that the
resolution had been brought forward at this
time, and hoped his colleague would withdraw
it. It would lead to no beneficial results, and
was calculated to renew the discussion of a ques-
tion which had been mooted for months during
the last session. The information sought could
be of no service; and if it could, it would be found
substantially in the supplemental report of the
Secretary of the Treasui y.
But he rose not so much to oppose the resolu-
tion as to notice some observations which had
been made by those supporting it. His colleague
seemed to suppose that, if we could employ the
State banks as fiscal agents, we necessarily had
the right to create a bank for that purpose. He
could not conceive by what process of reasoning
his colleague had broughthimself to that conclu-
sion. The State banks had been created by the
laws of the different States in the exercise of their
rightful and constitutional powers. Congress had
nothing to do with, and could not judge of the
constitutionality of those institutions. We find
them in existence, and the only question for us
to determine in regard to them is, whether we will
use them as fiscal agents for the collection and
disbursementof the revenue of the United States.
It is distinct from the question, whether we will
create a bank to act as a fiscal agent; 'and is en-
tirely unconnected with, and independent of it.
The Secretary of the Treasury is the fiscal officer
of the United States, and with him rests the discre-
tionand responsibility of placing the public money
in what depository he pleases. Congress has the
power to direct in what places it shall be deposited,
and upon what terms and conditions; but in the
absence of all.law upon this subject; the Secre-
tary of the Treasury must exercise Jiis own dis-
cretion, and act upon his own responsibility.
And he would assure his colleague that he would
at any time join him in limiting the discretion of
that officer in passing a law which shall point out
where the public money shall be deposited, and
the terms and conditions on which the deposits
shall be made. -And, sir, both the gentlemen
(Mr. Clayton and Mr. Ewing) seem to have
fallen into another mistake: they contend, that
by the establishment of State banks, an attempt
has been made by the States to regulate the cur-
rency; and we are told this belongs to Congress
and not to the States. Never was there a greater
error. Congress hAthe right to. coin money,
and regulate the value thereof. So far then from
the banks regulating the currency, the value and
currency of baak notes are regulated by the value
of the coin. For, if any bank does not pay its
notes in specie, they must necessarily depreciate,
and may become entirely valueless. The State
banks,then, cannot regulate the currency; norcan
the Secretary of the Treasury, in selecting any
of them as depositories of the public money, reg-
ulate the currency; nor can Congress, by any
law in regard to it, regulate the currency.
This Government is, and ought to be, a hard-
money Government. It was so until Congress,
in chartering the Bank of the United States,
authorized the payment of debts to the United
States, to bo paid in its bills, and it will be so
again so soon as that charter expires. Congress
may make such provision in favor of the State
banks, but never with his consent. No, sir; let
the dues to this Government be payable in gold
and silver. I was opposed to any law which
shall authorize the bills of any bank to be receiv-
able in payment of debts to the Government.
Congress may go further, and say no bill of any
bank shall be received in payment. But this
would be useless. None will be taken, unless it
can be redeemed in gold and silver; and while a
bank is able and willing to redeem its bills in
gold and silver, you may prevent their payment
to the Government, but you cannot by any law
prevent the people from taking them.
Nay, more. Though you may require your
collectors to demand gold and silver in payment,
you cannot prevent the people from calling on
those very banks for the gold and silver, into
which it will be again deposited by the collector,
so soon as it is received. And, to save all this
trouble, the importer will deposit the bills in the
bank, for which it is bound to pay him specie,
and he will take to the collector a certificate of
the cashier that his check will be paid in gold
and silver.
You may also prevent the State hanks from
being made the depositories of the public money.
But this, so far from proving a benefit, will prove
an expense, useless and unnecessary. You must
erect buildings suitable for such depositories, and
you must employ guards to protect them. All
this expense may be saved by the employment of
State, banks. If they will answer all the purposes
of the Government as fiscal agents, there will be
no necessity for a Bank of the United States. It
will not then be a necessary and proper means for
carrying into effect any of the powers granted by
the Constitution; and, not being necessary, it can-
not even be pretended to be constitutional.
Mr. McKIM moved to lay the resolution on the
table. He suggested that the House was already
in possession of all the information required.
On this question Mr. GAMBLE called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, called for the
order of the day, but the call was rejected.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 106, nays 87; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, Heman Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Banks, Bean, Blair,
Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Brown, Bunch, Burns,
Bynum, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chinn, Sam-
uel Clark, William Clark, Clay, Coulter, Cramer,
Day, Dickerson, Ferris, Fillmore,Fowler, Philo
C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Fulton, Gillet,
Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Holsey, Hamer, Jo-
seph M. Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawes,
Hazeltine, Henderson, Hiester, Howell, Hub-
bard, Huntington, Janes, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Henry Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh,Kilgore, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lay, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Loyall, Lucas, Lytle, Abijah
Mann, Joel K. Mann, Manning, Moses Mason,
May, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,McLene, Mc-
Vean, Miller, Robert Mitchell, Morgan, Murphy,
Osgood, Parker,Patterson, Franklin Pierce,Polk,
Pope, Reynolds, Schenck, Schley, William B.
Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd,Shinn, Smith,
Stundefer, Stewart, William Taylor, Thomson,
Turner, Turrill, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwcll, Wayne, Webster, and Wilson—
106.
NAYS —Messrs. John a, Adams, John J.
Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber,
¡IBarringer,~Bates, Baylies,Beaty, Binney, Briggs,
Bull, Surd, Burgess, Cage, Chilton, Claiborne,
Clayton, Clowney, Corwin, Crane, Crockett,
Darlington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry,
Denny, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett, Ew-
ing, Felder, Foster, Gamble, Garland, Gordon,
Gorham, Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Hardin,
James Harper, Heath, Ebenezer Jackson, Wil-
liam C. Johnson, King, Letcher, Lewis, Lin-
coln, Love, Lyon, Martindale, Marshall,Mardis,
John Y. Mason, McCarty, McKennan, Mercer,
MiSigan, Miner, Moore, Patton, Phillips, Pick-
ens, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Robertson,
Slade,SIoane,Spangler, Steele, William P.Tay-
lor, Philemon Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Whittle-
sey, Wilde, Williams, Wise, and Young—87.
So the House concurred in the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. DICKSON moved to lay the motion on
the table to reconsider the vote of yesterday on
the claim of David Kilborn; the consideration
of which was postponed to Friday next.
Mr. CHILTON submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject,
a'nd report their opinion to this House, of the
most equal and just mode of applying the reve-
nues of the country to such works of public im-
provement within the respective States of this
Union as may be necessary for the facilitating of
commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States. And that they, moreover, report
their opinion of the best and most practicable
mode of ascertaining and determining the nation-
ality and importance of such improvements as
may be proposed within the several States.
Mr. C. remaiked, that this day was set apart
for the consideration of private bills; and if any
gentleman would move to proceed to the consid-
eration of the orders of the day, he would post-
pone the remarks which he desired to make in
favor of the adoption of the resolution which he
had presented.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved that the
House proceed to the consideration of the orders
of the day; which was agreed to.
OHIO AND MICHIGAN BOUNDARY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a res-
olution of the Legislative Council of Michigan
Territory relative to the boundary line between
the State of Ohio and said Territory; and also a
resolution relative to the construction of a harbor
in the Territory aforesaid; which was referred.
COMMUNICATION FROM FIRST COMP-
TROLLER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, transmitting a list of balances on the
books of the Fourth Auditor, for the last three
years, &c; which was laid On the table.
SENATE BILLS READ  TWICE.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice, and committed:
A bill making appropriations for completing the
military barracks at New Orleans;
A bill providing for the legal adjudication and
settlement of the claims to land therein men-
tioned; and
A bill for the relief of Colonel John Eugene
Leitensdorfer.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan Decatur
and others, coming up as first in order,
Mr. VINTON moved to postpone its further
consideration to Friday next.
Mr PATTON hoped that the motion would
not prevail. It was time that this bill was dis-
posed of.
After some further remarks on the propriety
of proceeding to the consideration of the bill, by
Messrs. VINTON, CAMBRELENG, PAT-
TON, and ARCHER, the motion to postpone
was rejected.
Mr. GILLET said he presumed, inasmuch as
this subject had been,for a series of years before
Congress, that every member present was fully
acquainted with its merits, and prepared to vote
on it. He understood it had been here so long,
that the elder reporters could report the speeches
pro and con. without hearing them. Further dis-
cussion could not, certainly, be necessary. In
order that a vote might be now taken on the main
question, he moved to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD said, as the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Gillet] was a
test question, and as there was a thin attendance
of members, he would move a call of the House.
The motion was negatived.
The question recurring on the motion to lay the
bill and amendments on the table, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 90. So the said
bill was virtually rejected.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
The folio wing bills weie read twice, and ordered
to be engrossed for a thud reading
A bill for the lehef of James Gardiner,
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Bayley E  Claik,
A bill lor the relief of Henry Awkward,
A bill to duílioii¿e the Secretary of State to
issue letters patent to James, Jones, and
A bill foi the rehef of the hens of Nathaniel
Tyler, deceased
The bill for the relief of Commodoie Isaac
Hull, was taken up
The question being upon an amendment re-
ported bv the Committee of the Whole, a discus-
sion ensued, in which Messrs WARD, HAR-
DIN, RLED, BURGEb, and PE A.RCE of Rhode
Island, paiticipated Be'bie the latter gertleman
had concluded his remarks, Mi CLAY mo^ed
an adjournment, which earned
And the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 5, 1835
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs SILSBCE, WHITE, POIJNDEXTER,
KANE, and TYLCR
Mi ROBINSON presented joint resolutions
fiom the Legislatuie of Illinois, praying Con-
giess to establish amarine hospital on the western
waters
Mr WHITE presented the petition of Samuel
Martin, of Knox county, Tennessee, on subjects
in geneial which the petitioner thought of import
anee Mi W said he was at some loss to des
ignate the committee to which the petition could
be most appropriately refened, but as the first
subject touched upon in it was peihaps consid
eied by the petitioner of the greatest moment,
and as that had relation to the Navy, he moved
to lefer it to the Naval Committee, which was
agreed to
EXECUTIVE COMMUMCATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the State Department
witn a list of patents, and the names of the
several patentees which have expired for the year
1834
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of State, containing statistical tables
of the property, population, taxes, &,c , of the
several States of the Union, not before communi-
cated
He also laid befoie the Senate joint resolutions
of the Legislative Council of Michigan Terri-
tory, which were referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Department, with a leport of the
Commissioner of Pensions relative to the number
of applications Itfr pensions which have been
rejected since the last annual report
SILAS D. FISHER.
On motion of Mr POINDEXTER, the bill
for the relief of Silas D Fisher was taken up,
and, on his motion, it was then referred, with
the documents, to the Committee on Public
Lands
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
The following íesoluüons were submitted
By Mr LEIGH
llesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be lequested to lay before the Senate a copy ot
any letter or letteis from his Depaitment to the
receivers of public moneys, or any of them, in
the course of the last year, (if any such lettei or
letters have been wntten,) purporting to contain
information and instructions to the said receiveis,
that for the mutual accommodation of the public
officers and creditors in tffeir neighborhood, of
the receivers, and of the Treasury Department,
he, the Secretaiy, proposed thereafter to direct
wairants in their favor to such íeceivers for pay-
ment, when required by them, and further, that
it would be in the power of such receiveis, also
befoie a wauant should be obtained by such
public officers and creditois, and whenever such
receiveis should have confidence in their honesty
and solvency, to take a draft or assignment by
them, in their own favor, of their supposed claim
on the Treasury, to pay its amount, and, on its
being forwarded to the Tieasury, to receive a
warrant in their own behalf, for the sum due,
and that all the wauants paid in the manner first
stated, or received in the name of such receivers,
would be ample vouchers m their behalf on the
settlement of their accounts And that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in case such instructions
and authority, as are abovementioned, or any of
like import, were in fact given by him to the
said receivers of public moneys, be requested to
communicate to the Senate the pai ticular reasons,
if there weie any, not mentioned in the letters
themselves, which induced him to give the same,
and to state, moreover, to what receivers of public
moneys such letters and instructions have been
sent, and what has been the piactice of such
receiveis, and of the Treasury Department, in
consequence thereof
By Mr CALHOUN
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to inquire into the extent of executive patronage,
the circumstances which have contributed to its
great inciea-e of late, the expediency and practi-
cability of reducing the same, and the means of
such leduction, and that they have leave to report
by bill, or otherwise
By Mr LEIGH
Re'olved, That the Committee on Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of making an appropriation to compensate
James Points, marshal of the western district of
Virginia, for extraoidmary service^ rendered by
him to the public, in detecting, apprehending,
and bringing to justice, a band of counterfeiters,
who were flooding the country with counterfeit
money, or bank notes, and to compensate George
Smith, C M Varner, Peter Koremer, and others,
who aided the marshal in rendering the said ser-
vices, and that the said comrmttee.do call on the
Secretary of the Treasury for information relative
to this subject
By Mi   WRIGHT
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Treasury
be requested to repoit to the Senate the progress
which has been made in his Department undei the
resolution of the Senate of the 28th of Pebruaiy,
1823, directing to be piepared and laid befoie the
Senate, ma-ps of the seveial States of Ohio, Ilh
nois, Indiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisi-
ana, and of the Teiritones, of Michigan, Arkansas,
and Florida, whe'her the said maps, or any num-
ber of them, have been completed according to
the direction of said resol ution, w hat is the state of
advancement upon such of said maps as have
not been completed, whether the meani are in
the possession of the Department to complete the
said maps, and whether any of the said maps
heretofore completed and laid before the Senate
have been posted up so as to conform to the ex-
isting condition of the lands, and to v> hat date
each map has been so posted up
REPORTS FROM  COMMITTEES.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported the joint resolution
from the House of Repiesentatives, giving the
right of way to the Winchester and Potomac
Raihoad Company thiough the public ground at
Harper's Ferry, which, on his motion, was taken
up, considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be engiossed for a third reading
Mr H also, from the same committee, íe-
ported a bill to authons-e the Tallahassee Rail-
road Company to locate their road through cer-
tain public lands of the United States, which
was read the first time, and oidered to a second
reading
Mr H , from the same committee,also reported
a bill for the completion of certain improvements
in Flonda.
FORT M'HENRY, BALTIMORE.
The resolution submitted by Mr  KENT, on
Friday last, for an inquiry into the expediency
of the Government purchasing Fort McHenry,
was taken up, considered, and agreed to
BILLS PASSED.
The bill authorizing the enlistment of boys in
the Navy, and
The bill to change the titles of certain naval
officers, weie severally read the third time, and
passed
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
The bill to exempt merchandise imported under
certain cucumstances from the operation of the
tariff act of 1828, being on its third reading,
Mr BENTON rose to invoke the attention of
the Senate to the principles which the bill in-
volved, and the amount of money it might take
from the Treasuiy He said, when ltwasbefoie
the Senate on Friday last, and was ordered to be
engrossed foi a third reading, it had attracted so
little attention, and caused so little to be said,
that scarcely any one comprehended its magni-
tude, andfto his knowledge, two Senators sitting
in the íecess of a window, under the colonnade,
and within his view at the time, did not even
suspect that a bill which might take a million and
a half of dolíais fiom the Tieasury, besides vio-
lating great principles, was passing its oi deal, and
was oideied to be engiossed for a thud reading.
The remaiks from the Senator from New Yoik
[Mi Wright] fiist awakened his attention, and
put him on his guard so far as to \ote against it.
The bill (said Mi B ) violates the plainest prin-
ciples, and lays the example of the most dan-
gerous precedent It was to giant relief against
an act of Congress, passed on puipose, and with
the full view to opeiate as it has done There is
no pretense of mistake or fiaud, but a naked
attempt to give back money collected under a law
of Congi ess, made on purpose, and after debates
and votes, to collect that veiy money Every
Senator who was here (said Mi B ) in 1828, will
recollect the strenuous effoits which we made to
put off, to some day beyond the 30th of June, the
taking effect of the tariff act of that year, and
how all these attempts were voted down, and only
one section of the act eventually allowed to be
postponed Mr B said, many Senators, now
presentcould recollect all this, but,foi the benefit
of otheis come in since, he would read some pas-
sages fiom the Senate Journal Mr B then read
to show two motions made by General Smith, of
Maryland, to postpone the taking effect of the
bill, one of them to the 30th of September, the
other, on the failure of that motion, to the 15th
of September He lead the yeas and nays upon
both these motions, by which it was seen that
both weie rejected, and now (he said) the parties
were reversed, those who voted against giving
time to the importing merchants then, vote for
giving money to them now, and those who voted
for giving them time, of whom he was one, now
voted against giving the money. And he did so
upon the pla i principle that the act was passed
on purpose, and to operate just as it did, and to
give back the money now, would be to introduce
a principle under which the difference between
the amounts of all tariff acts may be refunded at
any indefinite period, for this bill for relief goes
up to the end of December, seven oreight months
aftei the passing of the tariff act of 1828, and after
which there is nothing in its principle to keep it
from coming to the piesent day Another unjust
principle was, that the amount of the difference
of duty was to be refunded to the- lmpotting
merchants, and not to the consumers, who had
already refunded them their duties, with their
profit upon it
The amount which might be taken from the
Treasury, under the bill, next claimed Mr B s
attention He thanked the gentleman from New
York [Mr Wright] for the information that he
had given on this point It was, that, from an
answer given by the Secretary if the Treasuiy
some time ago, upon a former presentation of tins
bill, which then only went up to the 30th of Sep-
tember, that about four hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars would be withdiawn undent Now
(said Mr B ) this bill goes to the 31st of De-
cember, covers the gieat importations of the fall,
and will probably take three times as much as it
formerly would, say, one million and a half.
This was a great sum, (Mr B said,) and its
greatness was getting it along He believed it had
been foundjiecessaiy to enlarge the scope of the
bill—to double, and more than double, its grasp
—to get it along, to extend it fiom two months
to five months, and from the light importations
of June and July to the heavy ones of October.
Another thing he disliked in this bill—it had a
lobby member to nuise it' Mr B was against
all the bills, in his first impulsions, which had
lobby nuises    It was an attendance found objec-
92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
tionable in all the State Legislatures, and not less
go here. The Constitution of the United States
had provided for the representation for the people.
Every section of the Union had representatives
on the floor; to have others in the lobby to push
the great money claims, was unknown to the
Constitution, might be of evil effect, and he was
against the practice.
Mr. B.satd the Secretary of the Treasury ought
to be consulted, to know how much money this
bill might withdraw—whether he had the means
to pay it; and, if not, how would he provide for
it?—by-loans, or by taxes, and the revival of the
tariff? He said enormous bills were depending to
absorb the revenues; not the bills wh.ch carry on
the Government, but which members originate.
He would name three alone in this Senate: this
refunding bill, say of #1,500,000; the French
spoliation bill, §5,000,000; the divide-out-land
bill, $3,500,000. Here (he said) is ten millions of
extra appropriations at once, which is half the
whole annual revenue; while that whole revenue,
•with the exception of only about a quarter of a
million to spare, was required by the ordinary
appropriations. He said it was in vain to rejoice
at the extinction of the public debt if such
enormous and wasteful projects as these could
succeed
Mr. WEBSTER said he had no desire that
the bill should pass without every member of the
Senate understanding its principles as well as its
details. When the bill was first reported, he
thought that it was so well understood that there
was no reason to enter into a further explanation
of it. It was originally introduced in 1829 or 1830,
and the subject bad been brought before the Sen-
ate by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, the late member from Maryland, [Mr.
Chambers,] in 1831 or 1832; that it was then
fully discussed and understood as now explained
by las colleague, [Mr. Silsbee;] that it was then
reported to the Senate,and passed without oppo-
sition, in precisely the same form in which the
committee had nuvv reported it; that it was not
agreed to by the House of Representatives, and
returned to the Senate. It was again acted upon
at the last session in ils present form, and re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate without a dis-
cussion As no objection had been made to the
features of the bill on former occasions, the com-
mittee had now reported it without amendment,
and in the same form m which it had received
the former sanctions of the Senate. As the ques-
tion was on the third reading, he w*s not dis-
posed to enter at length into a discussion of the
bill. If gentlemen wished for further information;
if they wished to investigate more thoroughly the
bearings of the bill, as the measure was an im-
portant one, one which would take a large sum
from the Treasury, he would not object to the
inquiry. But he saw nothing alarming in its
appearance; it had often passed in the same form.
He could recommend itgenerally; that the claims
formed different classes, to be sure, in some of
which the equity was clearer than in others.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had the misfortune,
on this question, to differ from the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] He need not say he
entertained a great respect for his judgment; but
he would remark, that, to himself, the principle
of the bill was perfectly clear. He had thought
so on Friday last, when he voted for its engross-
ment, and still continued to be of the same
opinion.
He inquired what was the true principle of the
bill? In all civilized countries, it wasa uniform,
cardinal principle, that all laws should be pros-
pective, and never retrospective, it would be
unjust, in the highest degree, to subject the citi-
zens of a country to the operation of a law before
it was possible tiiat they could be acquainted with
its existence. This was a principle of such mani-
fest justice that it could not be denied, or even
doubled. Sufficient time ought always to be
given to enable those whom the law was destined
to affect to become acquainted with it, and to
accommodate their conduct to its provisions. It
was upon this very principle that France had
agreed to indemnify American citizens for the
captures made under the Berlin and Milan de-
crees, before they could have known of the exist-
ence of these decrees. This is the very principle
upon which the present bill rests.   Its object is
to grant relief from the onerous effect of the tariff
law of April, 1828, in cases in which our import-
ing merchants were not and could not be ac-
quainted with, its existence in time to regulate
their conduct by a knowledge of its provisions
This law had, consequently, operated retrospect-
ively upon their interests, and therefore unjustly.
What, then, was the object of the bill' It was
to do no more than ouglit to have been done by
the act of 1828. It was merely to correct the
injustice which had resulted from our own legis-
lation.
This bill seemed to be exceedingly well guarded
against fraud. No person could obtain relief
under its provisions, until he had satisfied the
Secretary of the Treasury, not only that he had
ordered goods from a foreign country before he
could have known of the passage of the act of
1828, but also that after he had been informed of
its passage, it was too late to countermand the
order. This was indispensable. But more than
this was required. A person claiming relief, must
in addition, satisfy the Secretary of the Treasury,
by his own oath or other proof, that he had
actually sustained a loss in consequence of his
ignorance of the existence of the act; and an
indemnity for this loss was all which could be
demanded.
He was as desirous as any gentleman could be
of taking care of the public money; but he was
equally disposed to do justice. He would vote
for a general recommitment of the bill, because he
thought that it might with propriety be confined
to importations made at an earlier day than the
31st of December, 1S28, and he was willing to
restrict its operation within the narrowest limits
which justice wouldadmit. But let the bill come
before us when it may, he would vote for it, be-
cause he was unwilling to bind our citizens by a
law with which they could not, by any possibility,
have been acquainted in time to save themselves
from injury. This injustice had been done by
the act of 1828, and he was anxious to correct it,
and thus relieve the character of our legislation
from the odium which must attach to it by the
passage of an act in its nature retrospective.
Mr. SILSBEE said there had been a palpable
violation of justice, which this bill was^going to
remedy. The Senate bad acted upon it three
times already, and he was opposed to further de-
lay. The honorable Sen tor [M-r. Benton] had
estimated the amount this bill proposed to refund
at a million and a half, but it was all supposition
—mere conjecture. He had not looked into the
provisions of the bill; if he had, he would have
found that the importer, in order to obtain the
benefit of this act, would be obliged to show that
the goods had been ordered in foreign countries,
where the orders could not have been counter-
manded in season to prevent the purchase, which
was a difficult thing to show, and consequently
the number of cases would be diminished His
only objection to the call for information was
want of time. He was desirous it might be sent
to the House at an early day.
Mr. KANE said he preferred the reference of
the bill without the specific instructions. All
laws affecting the interests of individuals should
be prospective. Certainly Prance agreed to
make indemnity for captures under the Berlin
and Milan decrees; but then she fixed upon a
time beyond which compensation should cease
—seventy days, he believed, after their promul-
gation. Laws, m order not to have a retroactive
bearing, should have some time fixed for them to
take effect. And with regard to this bill, if the
3Üth of September was inserted in the bill, he
would vote for it. He wished the bill recommit-
ted, more particularly for the purpose of calling
the attention of the committee to the provision |
authorizing the merchant to be refunded who did
not realize the ordinary profits. No human
being could lay down a rule which could apply
to such a case as this.
Mr. BENTON, m reply to the remarks, (by Mr.
Webster,) that this bill had repeatedly passed i
the Senate, and with little opposition, said that
he had been fourteen years a member of the :
Senate, and would have been but an inattentive
| observer, not to have seen and felt that the gen-
tlemen here from the sea-board, and great cities,
deem it quite an act of supererogation for mem-
bers from the interior—from the heart of the for-
est—to undertake to illuminate the Senate upon
commercial or financial suhjects; therefore such
members seldom spoke upon.such bills; and as
for the gentlemen from the commercial cities, they
could not do it without seeming to attack their
own constituents. The money is to go to their
own constituents, and are they to stop it? Every
gentleman knew (he said) that a money bill, the
proceeds of which went to a member's constitu-
ents, was the most trying vote to which Ins firm-
ness could be put. Even a small sum—a few
thousand dollars for a vile creek—cannot be op-
posed without raising a cry against him. He has
voted against his own constituents, would be the
loud and incessant cry. Gentlemen from the
great cities, then, cannot oppose this million and
a half without being subject to the cry of opposing
their own constituents. Gentlemen from the in-,
terior cannot, without being stared at as obtru-
sive and handling things not exactly within their
sphere. Hence this bill had passed several times,
and was on the point of passing again, without
being noticed. But is silent passage an argument
in favor of a bill ? On the contrary, was it not a
maxim, that the worst measures are generally
those which pass unanimously and silently ? The
resolution for a Revolutionary History, by which
a couple of gentlemen of this city might take from
the Treasury indefinite millions,did itnotpass sub
silentio '! Was not every gentleman astonished
at the last session when he heaid what he had
done? And is it not now thought to be a plume
in the cap of the present Secretaiy of State, that
he is trying to limit those millions to $400,000?
But he trusted Congress, which could do what
the Secretary could not, would stop it altogether.
He hoped the printing jobs were going to receive
the attention of the Senate and the people. The
revolutionary pension bill (said Mr. B.) of 1818,
did not that pass in this good easy manner, and
upon a calculation that it would take but $200,000
a year, and with regrets that it could only take it
for a few years ? while we have since seen it
amount to $5,000,000 in a year, and is now cost-
ing us more money than ever was expended in
any year of the Revolution, and displays an army
of revolutionary pensioners, at half a century
after the war, greater than ever Washington saw
during the war.
Mr. B. replied to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Buchanan,] and concurred with him
in the justice of all he had said, so far as his doc-
trine was general, but denied its applicability to
this subject, because Congress, in 1828, had con-
sidered the very point, and passed the law for
the very purpose of making it take effect before
it could be known; and they did so upon the
ground that the importer would add the new duties
to the price of his goods, and get it all back, with
a profit, out of the consumer. Mr. B. said such
laws, to take effect before they nould be known,
were condemned in all codes. The civil law,
from the code of Justinian to the code of Napo-
leon, which was framed upon it, made a beautiful
provision for the promulgation and taking effect
of laws; they were to take effect one day after
promulgation in the place where passed, and
so on, in so many successive days in so many
successive circles, around the capital, the days
increasing with the distance, until the empire
was embraced, and the law had time to reach its
furthest boundary. To do otherwise, and make
laws, especially penal ones, to take effect before
they could be known, was to imitate the tyrant
that posted his edicts, in small letters, on the
tops of lofty columns, where nobody could read
them — all this (said Mr. B.) was urged against
the early taking effect of this tariff act of 1828;
but it was answered that it was necessary to
make it take effect immediately to catch the
impending importations, and to prevent immense
orders from being sent out to fill up the country
with goods before the act would .take effect, and
thus defeat the relief that was intended for the
manufacturers; and as to the merchants, it was
said it made no difference to them; they would
be reimbursed the additional duty, with a profit,
from the consumer. And now (said Mr. B.)
what do we see? a complete reversal of argu-
ments and votes ! an absolute rally, which he
would call rally No. 1, for it might be the first
of a series, of the old high-tariff party, now
standing together as one man in this Chamber,
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
to oppose and reverse what they did in 1828,
and to take a course which must lead to debt, or
taxes — to loans, or the renewal of the high
tan if!
Turning to the Senator from Massachusetts
that sat nearest to him, [Mr. Silsbee,] Mr. E.
said it was certainly true what he had stated,
that goods had fa'-fen, instead of rising under the
tariff law of- 1828. Mr. B. knew something
about that. He had seen an order arrive in the
West to march a regiment of infantry (Colonel
Leavenworth's) from the Missouri frontier to the
Canada frontier; an order which interpolated a
new practice in our military system., thatof guard-
ing the coast against smugglers,like French con-
scripts during the continental system; an order
which announced the evil without curing it; for
what could a regiment of infantry do to prevent
smuggling upon a line i;f a thousand miles of
lakes, rivers, forests? The smuggling sunk the
price of goods, and that was foretold a thousand
times before it took place.
Mr. WEBSTER rose again. He was not
bound, he said, to make out the consistency of
other Senators who had formerly voted on this
subject. There seemed to be a mistake occa-
sioned by the manner in which the bill had passed.
That act was started in the other House; that
certain sections were limited to the 30th of June;
but upon the amendment of the bill the 30th of
June was stricken out, and the 30th of Septem-
ber inserted, in such a way as to cause the error.
That the operations of the act had been unjust
through inadvertency and mistake.
Mr. BENTON said that, as to himself, he cer-
tainly was under a mistake as to the amendment
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] and so far as any gentleman
said the mistake deceived him, lie certainly would
not include such a gentleman under his remarks;
but he believed that the whole Senate of 1828
could not say that they were under a mistake in
the amendment which postponed one section only
of the act.
After some little conversation between Messrs.
BENTON, KANE, WEBSTER, -BIBB, and
WRIGHT, with regard to the instructions, as
partof Mr. Benton's motion, the question being
divided, the bill was recommitted, and the instruc-
tions laid on the table.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill making com-
pensation for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. ROBBINS having the floor, spoke at length
in support of the bill; but he was so imperfectly
heard in the gallery, that we cannot give a report
of his speech.
Without concluding, Mr. R. yielded the floor
to Mr. KNIGHT, upon whose motion
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 5, 1835.
Mr. Plummer, of Mississippi, appeared and
took his seat.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Messrs. McINTIRE, HALL, and SMITH,
of Maine;
Messrs. BRIGGS, PHILLIPS, EVERETT,
and GRENNELL, of Massachusetts;
Mr. HALL, of Vermont;
Messrs. DAY, CAMERELENG, GILLET,
FILLMORE, and TURRILL, of New York;
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey;
Messrs. BANKS, CLARK, MILLER, and
MUHLENBERG, of Pennsylvania;
Messrs. HEATH, McKIM.and THOMAS,
of Maryland.
[Mr. McKim said: I am requested to present
the memorial of a number of citizens of Balti-
more, praying that the forts recommended by a
board of engineers many years since to be erected
for the defense of Baltimore, may be commenced,
or such other works as may be deemed necessary.
Having the honor to represent, in part, the citi-
zens of Baltimore on this floor, I ask leave of the
House to say a few words in explanation and
support of the memorial.
It is, 1 presume, well known that Baltimore is
the emporium of the State of Maryland, and now
ranks as the third city in the Union, in size and
population. In the late war with Great Britain,
her citizens supporu-d the rights of the nation,
with all their energy; and when a powerful Brit-
ish army under the command of a successful gen-
eral, landedatNorthPoint, in 1814, tocadura the
city, her citizens, both old and young, marched
to meet the invading foe. A battle ensued; the
commanding general of the enemy was slain, and
Baltimore had to deplore the loss of a number of
her brave citizens. The enemy retreated with-
out accomplishing the object for which they
came. Peace took place shortly after, and the
Government appointed a board of engineers to
examine and report upon such places as might
require works of defense. The board reported
in 1821, and among others recommended two
works, of the first and second class, to be erected
for the defense of Baltimore—the first class to be
commenced as soon as possible, and. the second
at a later period. Thirteen years have passed
since this report was made, and, while a great
number of the works recommended in the report
have been commenced and nearly completed, I
regret to state that those mentioned for Baltimore
have been entirely passed over. The cause I
know not; but the fact is so. Surely the lives
and property of the citizens of Baltimore are as
much entitled to protection from this Govern-
ment as those in any other part of the Union.
The entire property at risk in Baltimore may be
estimated at one hundred millions of dollars, and
only one fort to protect the harbor, and that, as
I am informed, not in as good a condition, at
present, as at the close of the late war. The cit-
izens of Baltimore place every dependence on the
justice of Congress, and expect that the same
protection will be afforded to Baltimore as has
been done to the neighboring cities and other
points of the Union.]
Messrs. ALLEN, PATTON.CHINN, TAY-
LOR, CLAIBORNE, and MOORE, of Virginia;
Messrs. WAYNE and GILMER, of Georgia;
Messrs. POPE, ALLAN, CHILTON, and
JOHNSON, of Kentucky;
[Mr. Pope presented the petition of Thomas
Mcintosh, of Kentucky, praying to be placed on
the pension roll.]
Messrs. PEYTON and DUNLAP, of Tennes-
see;
Messrs. CRANE, SLOANE, PATTERSON,
SPANGLER, VINTON, and WEBSTER, of
Ohio;
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Mr. EWING, of Indiana;
Mr. MAY, of Illinois;
Mr. MARDIS, of Alabama;
Messrs. BULL and ASHLEY, of Missouri;
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas; and
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Which petitions and memorials were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to amend an act enti-
tled " An act authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Potomac, and repealing all
other acts in delation to the same; which was
read.
Mr. M. said, as the bill did not involve an
appropriation of money, and was intended merely
to legalize a slight deviation from the plan which
had been heretofore authorized for the construc-
tion of the bridge, he hoped the bill would be per-
mitted to progress without being committed.
The bill was read a second time, and ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of George
C. Seaton; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MITCHELL, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Bryan; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
James Swallow; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Sanders and others; which was read twice
and committed.
DIVORCE FROM BANKS.
Mr. GORDON asked the consent of the House
to submit and have printed an amendment to the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys in State banks.
_ Objection being made., Mr. G. asked a suspen-
sion of the rule, in order to enable him to make
the motion indicated.
The motion to suspend the rules prevailed;
When Mr. G. offered an amendment to the bill
referred to, which was ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS   SUBMITTED.
Mr. EWING offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit, or cause to be
transmitted, to this House, copies of every circu-
lar letter of instruction emanating from the Treas-
ury or War Departments, since^the 30th day of
June last, and addressed to either the receiving
or disbursing officers stationed in States wherein
land offices are established, or public works are
constructing, under the authority of Congress.
Mr. GAMBLE 'offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary-of the Treasury-
be directed to digest and prepare and communi-
cate to this House a detailed plan by which the
public revenue of the United States may be col-
lected, safely kept, and disbursed, without the
agency of a bank or banks, either State or na-
tional.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
it was
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of
War, relative to the extension and completion
of the pier at Cunningham's creek, in Ohio, with
the documents that accompany the said report, be
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency
of making the necessary appropriation for extend-
ing and completing said work.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of relinquishing to the State of Alabama the
two per cent, of the net proceeds of sales of the
public lands, which have taken place since the 1st
day of September, 1819, or may hereafter take
place, by the terms of the contract between the
United States and that State, on her admission into
the Union, for making a road or roads leading to
the said State, to be applied under the direction
of the Legislature of Alabama in the construction
of a railroad or canal to connect the waters of
Mobile bay with those of the Tennessee river;
or to create a fund for the support of primary
schools, as said Legislature may determine.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing the fees allowed to the deputy
surveyor of the United States for the State of
Louisiana, in those cases when it is found im-
practicable to procure the work to be executed for
the present maximum fixed by law; and into the
expediency of allowing to the registers of the
land offices of the United States for the State of
Louisiana, an additional salary, instead of the
fees payable by the claimants of lands, for issu-
ing patent certificates and delivering patents.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to the House of Representatives a copy
of the survey made by authority of the United
States, for a canal from Portage Summit, in the
State -of Ohio, to Kearney's line, so called,in the
State of Pennsylvania, and a map of the route,
and an estimate of the cost of said canal.
On motion of Mr. EWING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a suitable quantity of unsold
P
94                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________January_5,
and unappropuatcd Knd to the State of Indiana,
to be by hei disposed of at a puce not below that
of the public lands, and the proceeds to be in
vested m stock of the Evansville and La Fayette
railroad, winch is contemplated to connect the
"Wabash and Erie canal with the Ohio river at
thattown Also, into the expediency of granting,
in like manner, a suitable quantity of public land,
to construct a lailroad or a canal from New Al-
bany, on the Ohio, near Louisville, through Bed
fold, Iyawiencccounty, and Greenca^tle, Putnam
county, to the Wabish river, near the junction
of the Wabash and Eno canal Also, into the
expediency of gianting, in like manner, a suit-
able quantity of public land to impiovp the navi-
gation of White river, and its two branches, fiom
the Wabash nvei to the points declared naviga
ble by law of that State
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS
The following resolution, submitted on Satur
day by Mi   Chilton, was taken up
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inqune into the subject,
and report their opinion to this House, of the
most equal and just mode of applying the icv-
enues of the country to such woiks of public
improvement within the íespective States of this
Union as miy be necessary foi the facilitating of
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States And that they moieovei íeport
their opinion of the best and most piacticable
mode ot ascertaining and deteimining tilt nuion
ality and importance of such improvements as
may be proposed within the said several States
Mr CHILTON rose and said, that the piop
osition which he had submitted to the House
would be found, on examination, to consist of
two parts The first relates to the great punci
pies of justice, which may be observed in n aking
disbursements of public money fiom the Iicasui y
for works of impiovement, the second to the
character of the woik proposed in the sever il
States of the Union He sitd he should like to
confine his íemaiks to these two points The
first i elates to the principle of distubution, and
includes the inquiry—What distubution will be
just > This inquiry excludes any discussion with
regard to so much of the revenue of the eountiy
as íegards the necessaiy expense of the Govern-
ment He was peisuaded there would be found
no difference oí sentiment with rcgu&to somuih
as relates to the necessity expense of the Gov
eminent It is right that ev i y American citizen
should contribute so much, whither dnectly oi
indirectly, as arc necessity for curymg on the
opeiations of the Government 1 he difference
of opinion that exists, relates to the lemiindcr
of the money in the Treasury iftcr the expenses
of Government have been paid In ordei to de
termine with regard to the distubution, what
course will be proper and just, the answer in-
volves two questions—questions of fact in part,
and part of conventional agieement or constitu-
tional law Those of fact will be first How is
this fund created, and fiom whence derived ? and
secondly, to whom does this fund belong' In
answer to the fii&t question—it is derived from a
variety of sources, the principal of which ai e the
duties on foreign pioductions, and fiom the silo
of public lands He might revert to many more,
to the Post Office and Patent Office, &c , but the
aggregate would be found so inconsiderable that
he would not take up the time of the House to
enumerate them He would confine himself to
these two gieat and linpoitant souices of lev-
enuc, to the amount leceived from duties on the
foreign article, and fiom the sale of the pub
he domnn of this nation 1 he duties on foreign
articles are paid immediately by the importers,
mediately by the consuméis, and remotely by
the foreign manufacturers He did not consider
the cost of the article was increased to the con
sumer in proportion to the amount of duties
He would put a single case in illustration In
1828, when the tmlf bill was passed, the eastein
members adopted the opinion that the cost of
molasses would be reduced in pioportion to the
reduction of duty Bj the act then passed, the
duties were reduced When Congiess met next
winter, he called on them to know if they had
realized their fond hopes, and learned, to his
astonishment, thatthe price was increased instead
of being diminished     He inquired of them the
cause, but they could not tell, neither was he
able to find any one who could account for it to
then own or his satisfaction, till he happened in
company with an intelligent foreigner, who ie-
maiked that it was a matter very easily accounted
for, that foreigners had then  seciet agents em-
ployed'm all Ameucan maikets     They knew as
well as Amencans themselves the puce of the i
article and the e item of the demand, and when
the duties wcie u duced heíe five cents per gallon,
the price  was  increased five  cents  per gallon
abroad      Mr C said h" hau shown by this illus   I
tiation that the consumei was not lelieved by a 1
reduction of duties, but that the piofits of the
foieignei were mcieased     When you take into
considerition the small extpnt of the temtoiy of
Great Britain, it  is certain they cannot live by
agriculture, but must be engaged in manuftctuics ¡
and commerce, they aie compelled to sell the ai
tides they manufacture, whether they will com
mand much or little     He said that the duties the
citizen pays for the support of his own Govern
ment would, but for those duties, be pud into [
the pockets of foieigneis       Mr   C    pioceeded
with his remn ks  till arrested by 1 call for the
orders of the day
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
lowing communications
A lettei from the Sccrctaiy of State, tiansmit i
ting, in puisumce of hw, a list of patents, &c , I
which w is Hid on the table,                                      J
A letter fiom the Secietaiy of Stite, covering
a list of patents which have expired duung the
last yeai, which was kid on the table,
A letter fiom the Secretary of W*ai, tiansmit-
tmg, in puisuancc to a resolution of May 29th,
1830, a list of pei sons who have applied for pen
sions, and also a list of those persons whose
applications have been i ejected, which was laid
on the table and directed to be punted,
A letter from the Secretary of Wai, in response
to a resolution of the House m relation to the |
Cumberland  road,  which   was   íeferred  to  the I
Committee of Waj s and Means  and
A letter fiom the Seeictaiy of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House in relation to certain
impiovements and public woiks m the State of
INorth Carolina, which was laid on the table and
dnected to be punteo                                                 I
RELIET OF ALEXANDRIA.                    I
A. bill foi the li hi f of the city of Alexandria
was taken up and, on motion of Mi Ciiivn,
its fui thei i onsideiation was postponed to Thurs-
day next
BILLS PASSED
"Iho following bills weie lead a third time and
pissed
A bill for the relief of James Young,
A bill for the íehef of the hens and ltgal repre-
sentitives of Biiley L Chrk,
A bill for the relief of Henry Awkward   and
A bill to authouic the Secrttaiy of Stite to I
issue letteis patent to James Jones                           ¡
When the hour allotted for the consideration |
of moiuing business had elapsed,
Mi   CLAY lose and leminded the Chur and
the House that, sevtril weeks ago, the "bill to  |
reduce andgiaduate the puce of the pubhclands" Í
had been made the specul oidei  foi  this day
He inquiied of the Chdii whethei this bill would
not have precedence ovei other special older-?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative—
remaiking that vvnen the day aruved foi the
consideiation of anothei special older, since that
of the "Navy bill" had been pending, he had
given his opinion thit the unfinished special older
had precedence, and that the House had then
acquiesied The Speik r also mentioned me
several special oidtis which had piectdence over
the bill mentioned by Mi   C
Mi CLAY remaiked that the decision heip
tofoie pionounced by the Chan hid (perhaps
fiom inattention) escaped his notice, that he did
not wish to mteifeie with other special oiders, if
he cuuld avoid it, and would, theiefoie, for the
present, acquiesce in the coutse indicated as the
pioper one by the Chair
PAY OF THE f,AVy.
The Hou^e then pioceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished special ordei, being the bill to
regulate the pay of the Navy of the United St Uts
The amendment pending at the hour of id-
journment, when the bill was list undei discus-
sion, ofieied by Mi Joh\son, of Kentucky,
which i use« the salanes of pissed midshipmen
and midshipmen, was read and o_,rcec! to, afier
being assented to Dy the chin man of the select
committee, [Mr   Watmoooii ]
Mi GRLNNELL pioposcd to amend the
clause relating to cleiks of navy yaids, by íaising
their pav from $900 to $1,100 pei annum
Mi G said, he was not disposed to obstruct
the passage of the bill, towaids the geneial f i-
tures of which he felt fivoiably disposed, but
the more he had lcilectcd on this point, the moie
firmly he was convinced of the justice of the
amendment he had submitted The office belonged
to whit might be piopeily cilled the civil depait-
ment of the Navy—a class too apt to be over-
looked Mr G said, he should go lor the bill,
though it contained some objectionable featuie*—
so tie of the salaues, he believed, were placed at
rithei too high a late, but this impoitant office,
tint of clerk of nav y yn ds wis, in his view, dis-
piopoitionately too low The duties of that officer
weie oneious and responsible He not meiely
kept the iccounts of the yaid, but had charge of
the correspondence—not, as had been supposed,
baiely to file hat coirespondence, but was him-
self the to;ii«, and should possess talents and
receive a compensation couespondent to his
duties A chaplain leeeived $1,200 pel annum,
while a cleik'o duties were ceitamly much moie
severe He did not deny the importance of the
duties of the foimer officer, but it would be ad
mitted they weie only requited twice a week,
while the clerk must be in attendance eveiy day,
fiom sun use to sun set, and even Sunday did
not bring a Sabbath to him Mi G here enu-
meiated all the duties c^ clerks, and appealed to
gentlemen to admit that compensation was not in
piopoition to that given to othei officers He
said it ought to be remembered that the salaiy of
the cleik in the yard at Washington had always
been $1,000 pei annum, until the last yeai, when
it was leduced by the IN ivy Comimssioneis to
$7j0     He 1 oped the amendment would prevail
[Here Mi Lf WIS obtuned have to lay a
motion on the table to reconsidei the vote of
Satutday list on the bill foi the relief of Susan
Decatui, the consideration or which was post-
poned to Friday next ]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mi Grennlll, and it was rejected
without a division
The question now being on the engrossment
of the bill,
Mr ALLEN, of Vngima, rose and said he
should feel constrained from various considera
tions, to move tint this bill be committed to the
Committee on Naval Affairs foi icvisal The
increase in the pay of the officers by this bill was
moie than $200,000 The whole pay of Wavy
officeis w 11 thus cost the nation at least a million
of dollars No one could be moie alive than
himself to the glory which out naval officeis had
shed upon our name, but not even this considei-
ation should induce him to suppoi t this bill in its
present shape, contiaty to his own ideas of ught
Mi 4. said theie was another view which
should be taken of tins subiect The officeis
destined to receive the additional compensation
were not generally tho«e who so bnlliantly dis-
tinguished themselves in the last war Those
engaged in that memoiable contest, had most of
them passed to their final rewaid They belonged
to the old school of economy, and were content
with what their countiy awarded them, and the
glory of achieving her vrctoues Mi 4. heie
went into a comparison between the lelative pay
and duties of the officeis of the Army and the
Navy The disparity was not now so gieat as
had been represented to the disadvan ige of the
latter The bill did not equalise the p ly of the
two services A certain class of officers in the
Navy, were to be paid at a much higher rate
than those of a correspondirg lank in the Armv
The pay of a lieutenant in the Navy was not only
gi eater than that of a colonel of the Army, but
m
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
nearly equal to that of a brigadier general. The
laurels won by the Army were as green as those
gathered for us by the Navy, and he asked if the
former could not with reason complain of the in-
justice of the distinctions contained in this bill?
What was it in the two services that justified this
great disparity of pay. It had been said, that in
time of peace the duties of the Navy involved dan-
gers and inconveniences which were not incident
to the land service. This, he contended, was not
the fact. He spoke of the hardships and dangers
of frontier posts,and contrasted them with advant-
ages which a naval officer has of visiting'remote
portions of the globe—advantages sought after
with avidity by men of wealth. Again, the
officers of the Navy have the advantage of long
furloughs—sometimes of two or three years, which
is denied to those of the Army. On the whole,
ho thought the advantages were altogether on the
side of the Navy. Mr. A. nex4 adverted to the
argument which had been advanced for raising
these salaries, that the officers were unable, with
their present pay, to reciprocate the civilities
extended towards them in foreign parts. This
argument could only apply to the commanding
officers of squadrons, as it was them only that
were interested. But Mr. A. said this was not
the view in which this matter struck him. It
did not tally with our former ideas of republic-
anism, lie thought an American commander
could obtain more respect abroad, by the order
and condition of his ship^and the discipline of
his crew. The policy of our Government was
economy, and not pompous display, while that
.of other countries was the reverse. Our subor-
dinate officers, he contended, were better paid
than those of any other nation on the globe; and
the effect of the proposed advances would be to
make them chiefly the aim of the sons of the
wealthy, to the exclusion of the hardy and de-
serving— thereby, he believed, decreasing the
efficiency of the service. He warned the friends
of this bill to beware, or the people would be
aroused, and insist on a return to our ancient and
popular Jefiersonian system of economy. Mr.
A. objected to the bill on another account. He
meant the establishment of a new and most un>
warrantable system of pensions. He referred to
the orphan and- widows' pension fund, which
he characterized at length as leading to new
and dangerous principles in our Government,
leading to corruption of a most glaring character.
He concluded by moving that the bill be com-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MANN moved to- amend the motion, by
adding: " With instructions to prepare a bill for
equalizing the pay of officers of the Army and
Navy;" and then,
On motion of Mr. M. the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 6, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. HILL, WRIGHT, BUCHANAN, and
LEIGH.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting six copies of the Navy Register for the
year 1834.
Also, another letter from the same Depart-
ment, in obedience to the act of June last, trans-
mitting a copy of the report of the director of
the Mint, relative to the assay of coins made at
the Mint.
Also, another letter from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting a report of the survey of the
northern boundary line of the State of Indiana,
made in obedience to a resolution of 30th Decem-
ber, 1833.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making an ap-
propriation to improve the Mississippi river, near
the city of St. Louis.
On motion of Mr. SILSBEE, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Elizabeth Scott.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the considera-
tion of the petition of James Nicholson; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Claims.
On Mr. W. 's motion, the same committee was
discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Ludwig Ludwigson; and the same was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made a report upon the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, relative to the
issuing of Virginia military bounty land war-
rants; which, on his motion, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Silas D. Fisher.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WAGGAMAN gave notice that, to-mor-
row, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
give effect to the eighth article of the treaty with
Spain.
BILLS INTROBUCED.
Mr. ROBINSON, on leave given, introduced
a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to compromise certain claims of the United
States; which was twice read and committed.
Mr. TOMLINSON, on leave given, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Carey Clark; which
was twice read-and referred.
FRENCH RELATIONS.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred that part
of the President's message appertaining to our
relations with France, made a report, which con-
cluded by a resolution, " That it is inexpedient
* at this time to pass any law vesting in the Presi-
dent authority for making reprisals upon French
property, in the contingency of provision not
being made for paying to the United Siates the
indemnity stipulated by the treaty of 1831, during
; the present session of the French Chambers."
; Mr. C. read the report from his seat, which
occupied an hour and a half; and when he
concluded, he submitted a proposition to make
the report and the resolution the order of the day
for Tuesday next, and that the report be printed,
' together with any of the documents which any
gentleman might desire
Mr. TALL-MADGE suggested to the honor-
able chairman the propriety of making the report
the special order for Tuesday, two weeks hence—
and whilst he was up, lest it might be inferred,
from the general language of the report, that it
had received the unanimous approbation of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, he felt it his
duty to express to the Senate his dissent from
some portions of it. He concurred with the hon-
orable chairman [Mr. Clay] in many of the
views which he had taken of this interesting sub-
ject; but there were others in which he could not
concur—there were some of the premises, .the
arguments, and conclusions, which he could not
approve. He believed that the President was
fully justified and borne out by the correspond-
ence, in the positions which he had assumed in
his message to Congrest. He entertained no
doubt of the binding obligation of the treaty on
France, and the duty of the French Chambers to
carry it into effect; and thata refusal on their part
to make the necessary appropriation to meet the
stipulations contained in it, would be a violation
of the pledged faith of the nation. He dissented
entirely from that part of the report in relation to
the effect supposed to have been produced on the
Chamber of Deputies, in the late rejection of the
bill, by reason of the correspondence of Mr.
Rives, the abieandskiUfulnegotiatorof the treaty.
He had no doubt of the power of Congress to
pass a law at this session authorizing reprisals on
French property, in the manner recommended by
the President. But this was no time for discus-
sion or argument on these or other matters of the
report. He would only say, that with a knowl-
edge that the French Chambers had been con-
] vened nearly a month earlier than was anticipated
by the President, when he communicated his
message to Congress, he was of opinion, when
this subject was under consideration before the
committee, that, as a matter of expediency, it
were better that no report be made, until we had
heard further of the action of the Chambers, and
which we were in the daily expectation of hear-
ing.
Mr. CLAY said it was true that this subject,
the report—and he regretted to say it—was not
entirely coincided in by all the members of the
committee; he did not know whether there was
a concurrence in the resolution or not. It was
true that it was not time to enter into the argu-
ment now, for the only thing was, what time
should be chosen for the consideration. He
thought that the sooner Congress manifested its
will on this subject, the better—better for the
country, its commercial operations, and the va-
rious insurances made. And he had a perfect
persuasion that if it was the intention of Con-
gress not to pass a law authorizing reprisals in
the contingency indicated by the President, the
sooner it was known, as we'll on the other side
of the Atlanticason this, the better. He thought,
therefore, that the postponement to the time sug-
gested ought not to prevail. He did not know
what France might do, or what construction she
would put upon the late message of the Presi-
dent, nor anything about the view she might
take of it. If she should fly into a passion on
account of it, we might be involved in serious
difficulties But if she was prudent, she would
wait to see whether the message should be sec-
onded by Congress. If Congress thought it ex-
pedient to pass no such law as-that requested by
the President, but that it was safest and wisest
to wait for the action of France, he asked, would
it not be likely to produce a better effect? He
did not know whether a discussion would ensue
upon the report or resolution. We hold the neg-
ative, said Mr. C. We are in favor of no law,
and, therefore, there would probably be no dis-
cussion. It was only m the event of a proposi-
tion to pass a law that a discussion could ensue.
It was necessary to a good understanding be-
tween the two countries,-that there should, at as
early aperiod as possible, bean announcement of
our intentions upon the measure suggested by the
President. He was, therefore, opposed to the
postponement for two weeks. He thought the
document might be printed and on our tables in
two days.
The postponement to next Tuesday was agreed
to.
Mr. CLAY then moved that the report be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. POINDEXTER moved that twenty thou-
sand additional copies be printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. CLAY had no objection to the number;
but he thought'five thousand were sufficient.
Mr. POINDEXTER replied that our existing
relations with France were of the utmost import-
ance to the nation; and he thought the views of
the enlightened committee on the subject should
be fully spread before the country. Although
they would probably be circulated by means of
the public journals, yet that would not be done
in sufficient time. Twenty thousand, he thought,
was not too much. Thirty thousand copies of
the report of the Post Office Committee had been
printed last year, and spread over the whole
country. This was not a less important docu-
ment, since it would enable the people to witness
any conflict that might take place between this
branch of the Government and the President of
the United States.
1 Mr. CALHOUN said he would vote for the
! largest number. He had hoard it read with great
pleasure; it contained all the documents upon a
question which was of the utmost importance.
War was at all times to be avoided—and of all
calamities which could befall this country, he
considered a war with France would be the most
unfortunate.
Mr. EWING said that he also would vote for
the largest number. If he had the whole number
of twenty thousand copies, they would not be
more than sufficient to give his constituents ail
the information they wished.
Mr. PORTER was also determined to vote for
the largest number. He was extremely anxious
that his constituents should be informed of the
precise situation of this question. There could
be no doubt that if the appropriation to carry the
treaty into execution should not be made, the two
countries  were  drifting to a-position in which
96                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            January 6,
collision must inevitably ensue, and he wished to
avoid it.     We sympathised with public opinion,
and it was important that opinion should be cor-
rect.   The document would not be read in the  ¡
newspapers, and there was no other way of its   |
reaching the people.                                                      |
The question being about to be put on printing
twenty thousand extra copies,                             .     i
Mr. HILL demanded the yeas and nays; which   ,
were ordered.                                                               ' ¡
Mr. LEIGH said he would vote for the largest   !
number, but for a single reason, and  that was,
that if they were ordered, they could by no pos-
sibility be printed in less than four months
Mr. PRESTON thought the document should
be disseminated as widely as possible. We should
avoid war by all just and honorable means, so   •
long as it was possible, but, above all, a war with   I
France.   A*nd he thought the views of the com-
mittee   would  satisfy the   nation   that we could
avoid a war with France.    Heconcuned fully in
the conclusions of the committee that it was the
duty of Congressto acton presentcircumstanccs—
that we should not anticipate what France would
do—and he concurred in the shadowing forth of
the course which we might be compelled to take.
He concurred with them that it was the duty of
the nation to defend its honor at any hazard or
cost whatever, but not to plunge into a war except j
to defend its honor and maintain its rights.    He |
was willing to disseminate this documentas largely ¡j
as possible, but he thought with the gentleman   I
from Viigmia [Mi. Leigh] that it was physically   !
impossible, almost, to have the twenty thousand   j
printed in   time for distribution.    He  proposed
some ten or fifteen thousand extra copies.
Mr. EWINCr said he was just informed by
the printer of the Senate, that he could have the
documents printed and on the tables in three
days, and the additional number of copies in two
weeks.
Mr. WRIGHT said he would vote against
printing the twenty thousand copies, not because
he couid possibly" have any wish to prevent the
distribution of the document, which would go
through the country much more rapidly than we
could send it, but because the people were not out
of the reach of information till they could reach
it from us. When so large a number of docu-
ments were ordered they became so old that they
were not read. The information went mo far be-
fore them, that when they came from the printer
there was no inducement to read them, and it
was incurring an expense without deriving any
utility from it. His quota of the Post "Office
report, which had been alluded to, did not reach
him till the 1st of October, and at that period,
when lie sent the document to his constituents,
he received replies from them that they had seen
it before. This subject was immensely import-
ant, and the press would distribute the report
sooner than we could. He thought five thousand
copies, the usual number, quite sufficient.
After some further remarks from Mr. POR-
TER, Mr. EWING, Mr. BIBB, and Mr. POiN-
DEXTER, the question was taken on printing
twenty.thousand additional copies, and decided
in the affirmative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, Frehnghuysen, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Mangum, Moore,Naudain,Poin-*
dexter,Porter, Prentiss, Robbms, Silsbee, Smith,
Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tipton, Tomlinson,
Waggaman, and Webster—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Georgia,
Leigh, Linn, McKean, Morris, Preston, Robin-
son, Shcpley, Tallmadge, Tyler, White, and
Wright—19.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the final ad-
justment and settlement of claims to lands in
Florida and Arkansas Territories, with an amend-
ment.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The bill to make compensation for French
spoliations prior to 1800, coming up, at the sug-
gestion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill was passed
over, and the Senate proceeded to the other spe-
cial orders.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions offered yesterday by Mr.
Leigh were taken up and adopted
I The resolution offered yesterday 'by Mr.
j Weight was taken up for consideration; and on
i his motion it was amended by making the fol-
¡ lowing addition:
¡ " And also to report the names of the several
! ' persons who have been employed by the De-
1 ' partment as draftsmen upon the said maps, the
■ ' dates from which to which each person has
; ' been so employed, and the rates of wages, and
I ' the amounts paid to each respectively for such
Í ' service."
i     The .resolution as amended was agreed to.
j The following resolution offered yesterday by
! Mr Calhoun, was taken up and adopted:
| Resolved, That n select committee be appointed
1 to inquire into the extent of executive patronage;
j the circumstances which have contributed to its
I great increase of late; the expediency and prac-
| ticabihty of reducing the same, and the means of
I such reduction; and that they have leave to re-
! port by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, it was ordered
that the committee consist of six.
Mr. C. wished that ihe committee might con-
sist of two members from each of the political
parties.    For it is well known (said Mr. C.)that
j there are different political interests in the Sen -
j ale.    That when   he  considered   the  extent  of
; executive patronage and influence, and ¡tsimport-
j ant effect upon our future prospects, he wished
to go into its consideration free from all preju-
dices, and to give it an impartial consideration.
He wished the committee might be immediately
appointed.
Mr. POINDEXTER proposed that the election
of the committee would be postponed till to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. CALHOUN objected.
And so the Senate proceeded to ballot for the
committee; when Messrs. Calhoun, Southard,
Bibb, Webster, Benton, and King of Georgia,
were elected.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENT, on leave, and agreeably to former
notice, introduced a bill for making compensation
for certain advances made to the Government
during the last war; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENT also introduced a joint resolution
for amending the Constitution of the United States
with regard to the election of President and Vice
President.
BOYD REILI.Y'S APPARATUS.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, the
bill authorizing the purchase of the right and ap-
paratus of Boyd Reilly for applying irrespirable
gas to the human system, to be used in the Army
and Navy of the United States, was taken up
and considered in Committee of the Whole, and
j without opposition, was oidered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
NORTHERN  BI^UNDARY OF OHIO.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill estab-
lishing the northern boundary line of the State
of Ohio, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. C. then observed, that it was important
the bill should receive the immediate action of
Congiess, on account of its connexion with
Michigan and the proposed new Territory of
Wisconsin, that this line should be established
before admitting Michigan into the Union. Mr.
C. being chairman of the committee that reported
the bill, went on at some length to explain the
views that had governed the committee in the
formation of the bill.
Here a motion was made to adjourn; which did
not prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS then offered an amendment;
which was agreed to.
After some further observations by Messrs.
CLAYTON and HENDRICKS, Mr. ROBIN-
SON offered another amendment; which was
also received—
And the bill as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, without opposi-
tion
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the coro-
municationw received this day from the Treasury
Department, on the subject of the northern
boundary line of Indiana, was ordered to be
printed.
And then the Senate adjourned. •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 6, 1835.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Jarret
Buckingham; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr.   CLAYTON, from   the  Committee   on
Public Lands, reported a bill confirming to the
representatives of Thomas F. Riddick the title to
¡ six hundred and forty acres of land; which was
| twice read and committed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting an additional
quantity of land for the satisfaction of revolution-
ary land warrants; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of James Moore and William
Moore; which was read twice,and postponed for
one week.                  
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Richard T. Archer; which was read twice, and
postponed for one week.
Mr. C. (instructed by the Committee on Private
Land Claims) moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Latham, deceased; which was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the
consideration of the bill supplementary to the
act of July 4, 1832, for the final adjustment of
land claims in the southeastern district of Lou-
, isiana, and that the same be committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was disagreed to."
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made a favorable report in re-
lation to certain fortifications at St. Augustine,
in Florida; which, on his motion, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole, to whom the
bill on the subject of fortifications had been com-
mitted.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, Mr. BOON, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and Mr. ADAMS, of
New York, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made unfavorable reports upon various
petitions and subjects referred to said committees.
Mr HUBBARD, from the joint committee ap-
pointed on that subject, reported the following
correspondence between the joint committee and
John dumcy Adams, on the subject of the ad-
dress delivered by the latter on the life and char-
acter of General La Fayette:
•                         January 5, 1835.
Sir: We have the honor to present to you offi-
cial copies of the joint resolutions adopted by the
Senate and House of Representatives on the 2d
instant, expressing the thanks of Congress for
the appropriate oration delivered by you in the
Hall of Representatives on the 31st ultimo, on
the life and character of General La Fayette, and
authorizing a request to be made to you fora copy
of it for publication.
Having shared the high gratification of hearing
the oration, we take pleasure, in pursuance of
the second of the joint resolutions, in requesting
you to furnish a copy of the oration for publica-
tion.
We have the honor to be, with great respect,
your obedient servants,
HENRY CLAY,
Chairman Committee on the part of the Senate
HENRY HUBBARD,
Chairman Committee on the part of the House
To the Hon, John Quincy Adams.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
lo Messrs  HtNRY Clay and Henry Hcbbard,
Chairmen of the Joint Committee of Auange
m< uts of tht ^natc and House of Repieseit-
ativi s ot the Un ted States, to can y into effect
the resolutions of Confess m relation to the
death of Grcneial L i Fay ette
Gevtlimen   I íectiv d *uli deep sensioihty
youi communication  of the joint resolutions of
both Houses ot Confess, upon the oration de-
liveicd hefoie them on the life and chaiactci  of
La Tayette
lhe kind indulgence with which they haveac
cept d Uiecndeavoi togive cffei t to tlitu puipose
of p lying a last tubutc ol nauonal gtatuudc and
affection to the memuiy of a gitat benefactoi of
our co intiy, will be nnpicssed upon my neart to
the last houi of my life
With this sfiuimont, I sh i'l tike pleasuie in
furnishing, as rtc]ucsted, a copy of the addiess
foi public ition
I am, gentlemen, with the highest respect,
your fellow-citizen and o jedn nt s rvanl,
JOHN (AUIJNC* IDAMS
Mr HUBBARD remaiked that the oiation
was now under the control of the House It had
been considered by the joint committee that it
would be most propel for each House to act in
dependently in regard to having it punted, mas
much as there was no punter to Confess He
asked leave to piesent the following icsolution
Whereas it was resolved at the last session of
Congiess that John Q, Adws be ítquestéd to
deliver an oration on the life and character of
Geireral La Payette, before the two Houses of
Congi < ss and in pursuance of that i esolution and
sundry other resolutions which have been subse
quently adopted, Mr Adams, on Wednesday,
the 31st day of December, 1834, in the Hall of
the House of Repiesentatives, and in the pres
ence of both Housesof Congiess, and also in the
presence of the President of the United States and
the heads of the respecuve Depaitments of the
General Government, and of a most numerous as-
sembly ot citizens, did deliver an oiation, replete
with those pure and patriotic sentiments which
will be saciedly cherished by eveiy tiue and en
lightened American The House of Repiesent
atives was satisfied with the mannei in which
Mi Adams has' performed the duty assigned
him, and desirous of communicating, " through
the medium of the press," those principles which
have been by him so ably discussed, as well as
their sentiments of respect for the distinguished
character, and then sentiments of giautude for
the devoted services of La Fayette, which have
been by him on this occasion so faithfully ex-
pressed, have come to the following resolution
Resolved, That---------- copies of the oration be
punted for the use of the House -
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island, moved to fill
the blank in the resolution with 10,000 copies
Mr. PIJN CKNE Yproposed20,000,Mr BRO WN
named 50,000, and Mr MILLER 40,000
The question was lust put on the laigcst num-
ber, and earned—yeas 80, nays 61
Mi EVANS, of Maine, suggested that the
oration ought to be punted on better paDer, and
with more neatness, than the ordinary documents
which were oidered by the House He therefore
moved to amend the iesolution,by dnecting that
the printing should bo executed under the dnec-
tion of the committee appointed by the House.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was then agreed to
PETITIONS  PRESENTED
Petitions (on leave) were presented by—
Mr. BOON, of Indiana,
Mr GILLET, of New York,
Mr  BLAIR, of Tennessee,
Mr  McCOMAS, of Virginia,
Mr  McKENNAN, of Pennsylvania,
Mr  THOMAS, of Maryland,
Mr DICKINSON, of Tennessee
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be, and they are hereby, authouzed
and instructed to ascertain the amount of luel that
may be necessary for the immediate relief of the
suffeimg poor of Washington, and to place the
same at the disposal of the Corporation for that
puipose
On motion of Mi   SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War be ln-
stiucted to íeport to this House the suivey and
estimate of Di   Hervatd, the engineer who sur-
veyed so mu"h of the Little Rock and Memphis
road as lies between the St Francis and Missis-
sippi uveis                                                         ,
On motion of Mi   LEA, of Tennessee, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post íoute fiom
Limpbell's Station, by the way of Low 's Teiry
and Holston nvei, to Maiysville, Blountcounty,
Tennessee                                                 
Mi BLAI Y ofleied the following resolution,
which, undei the íuk, lies on the table one
dav
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War be ri-
I questid to icpoit to this House whether the whole
I amount oi what port of the 4,30,000 nppropnated
I at the last session of Congiess foi the continuation '
of the  nnpiovement  of the   navigation   of the
! Cumbciland utei has been applied to that olject,
and whether its apphcition was made^Éndu the
| dnection of the sud Sccntaiy, oi the Piesident
'of the   United  States, and whether, the  whole
I amount oi what paitof said ij30,000 was directed
to be laid out upon said inti  below Nashville,
i and if any naitofsaid sum be left, will it be laid
out in  continuation of the impiovement of the
rner above  Nashville, if not,  the  reasons for
withholding it
PUBLIC I^IPROVCVIFNTS.
The following resolution, heretofore ofteitd by
, Mi   Chilton, was taken up                                     I
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
' Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject, j
| and lcpoitthen opinion to this House, of the most
equal and )ust mode of ippljmg the íevenues of
the cotintiy to such woiksot public impiov ment
within the íespective Sutes of this Union as miy
be necessaiy for the fieihtatmg of commerce \\ th
foreign nations  and among the  scvcial States
And that they moreovti iepoit their opinion of ¡
thebestand mostprieticable mode of ascertaining
and deteimming the nationality and importance ;
of such impro\ementsas may bepioposed within
the said seveial States
Mi   CHILTON said that he had, in his  re
marks yestei day, stated that the revenues of the
countiy weie pud, i<i the first place, by the nn-
poiters, and that they were subsequently paid by
the Ameucan people to the importers     It is by
no means difficult to undeistand theopeiationby
winch the impoitei is iepaid the amount of duty
which is paid by him into the custom house
The commission houses, when they sell, add
not only the irajunt of duties paid, but a com
mission on them     Subsequently, it is not difit
cult to see how the individual pays it     When he
I goes to the retail stoie, whether the article he
| buys costs much oi  little, he  pays the amount
' that has been paia  to  the commission meichant
, or mipoitei, by the íetaileí, together with  the
profits of the retailer    Hesaul he hadendeavoied
j to show that the revenues of the country were
paid by the pseple of the Union, and not by any
select poition of it, wheie the gieater propoition
is consumed the greatei piopoition is paid     He
had disposed of the questions of fact     He now
came to that of conventional agieementoi consti
tutional law
Mi C was hcie interrupted by a call for the
orders of the day, which pievailed
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications
A letter fiom the Secietaiy of the Navy, ac
compamed by two hundred and seventy five
copies of the Ndvy Register, for the use of the
members of the House
A lettei from the Secretary of the Treasury,
inclosing a report from the Directors of the Mint,
pursuant to the acts of June last, in relation to
foreign coins, &c , which was laid on the table
and ordeied to be printed
A communication from the War Department,
tiansmittmg vauous documents in relation to the
claims of Nimiod Fanow and Nathaniel Har-
lis, winch was refeired to the Committee on
Claims
The SPEAKER laid before the House tbefol-
1 iwing messages, &c , fiom the Piesident of the
United States
To the House of Representatives
In answei to the resolution of the House of
R.epitsentati\es, passed on the 24th ultimo, I
transmit a íeport fiom the Secietaiy of State upon
the subject                    ANDREW JACKSON
THE REPORT
The Secreiaiy of State, to whom was íeferied
a icsolution of the House of Representatives of
the 24th ultimo, reqmsting the Piesident "to
' communicate to that House such infoimation as
1 he may have, and which, in his opinion, may
' be pi ipei to be communicated, and not mcom-
' patible with the public inteiest, showing the
1 steps which have been taken, and the progress
' which has been made in effecting an adjust-
' me nt and satisfaction of the claims of American
' cilizt ns upon tht Mexican Government," has
the honor to upoit, that, in pursuance of instruc-
tions fiom this Department, vauous rcpicscnta-
tions have been made to the Government of the
United Mexican Slates, from time to time, by
the Mimstci of the United States in that Repub-
lic, that, owing to the condition of the country,
they hut lutheito been without success, but
that, in the Mimstci's latest dispatch, dated the
2üth October last, he expresses the opinion, that
the sttte of affairs will be such, after the then
appioaehing mictmg of the Mt\ican Congress
m Jtnuaiy, as will enable him to close m asatis-
faetoiy mannei the negotiations now pending
All which is respectfully submitted,
JOHN FORSYTH
DEPARTMENT of St\te,
Washington, Janumy 5,1°35
To the Home of Repiesenlalnet of the United States:
In answei to a 1 esolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, passed 01 the 27th ultimo, I trans-
mitted a iepoit made to me by the Secretary of
State on the subject, and I ha\e to acquaint the
House, that the negotiation foi the settlement of
the noitheastern boundary being now in prog-
ress, it would, in my opinion, be incompatible
with the public interests to lay befoie the House
any communications which have been had be-
tween the two Governments since the penod
alluded to in the resolution
ANDREW JACKSON
Washington, January 6, 1835
REPORT TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES.
Department of State,
Washington', 5lh Januaiy, 1835
The Secietaiy of State, to whom was íeferied
a 1 esolution of the House of Representatives of
the 27th ultimo, requesting the Piesident to lay
befoie the House, if in his opinion it is not in-
compatible with the public interest, any commu-
nications which may have been had between the
Government of the United States and that of
Gieat Biitam, since the rejection by the former
of the adv soiy opinion of the King of the Neth-
erlands, mrefeience totheestablishun ntand final
settlement of the noitheastern boundary of the
United States heretofore in contioversy between
the two Governments, and also requesting the
Piesident to communicate any infoimation he
may possess of tne exercise of piactical jurisdic-
tion by the authonties of the Butish province of
NewBiunswickovei the disputed temtory within
the hunts of the State of Maine, according to the
true line of boundai y as claimed by the United
States, and especially upon that pait of the ter-
ritory which has been incorporated by the gov-
ernment of Mame into the town of Madawaska,
together with such representations and corre-
spondence (if any) as have been had by the Exec-
utive of that State with the Government of the
United States on the subject, has the honor to
report, that the Department has no information
which has not ahead y been laid before the House,
of the eseicise of practical jurisdiction by the
98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
authorities of the British province of New Bitins-
vwckover the disputed temtoiy withm the limits
of the State of Mame, not any other íepresenta- |
Hon or conespondence had by the Executive of
that State with the Government of the  United |
States   on thit  subject      Representations  Vvtre ,
made to this Depiitment in the littpi pait of the
yeai 18S3, by the  Butish Minister at Washing
ton, on the pait of the authorities of New Bruns
wick, complaining of infractions of the under
standing subsiding between the two Governments
m legaid to the disputed teintoiy     These com
plaints, howevei, on being íefened to the Gov-
einois of Maine and Massachusetts for explana-
tion, were believed  to be without just giounds
Theie waf> no complaint on the part of Maine, and
the coirespondcnce which took place on the occa-
sion, is not supposed to be within the scope of
the íesolution of the House
As the negotiation between the United States
and Gieat Butam, which was commenced in
aeeoiduicc with a resolution of the Senate after
the ie|ection of the advisoiy opinion of the King
of tin Nctheilands, foi the establishment of the
noitheastein boundaiy, is now in piogrtss, it is
submitted to the Pitsuhnt whethei U would be
compatible with the public interest to lay befoie
tíie House an y com niunications winch havt parsed
Petween the two Governments on the subji ct
All which is lespLCtfully submitted,
JOHN TORSYTH
PAY OF «AV\L OFFICERS.
The House the n pi oeeeded to the consideration
of the unfinished special order, being the bill to
regulate the pay of the officers of the Navy of the
Umttd Slates
The question being on the motion of Mi
Allien, of Viigima, to commit the bill to the
Committee on JNaval Affans, \nd the amendment
thereto offered by Mi "VIumn, of New Yoik, to
add the woids " with msliuctions to piepaie a
bill to equalize the pay of the ofhceib of the Ai my
and Navy,"'
Mr MANN of New Yoik, roseand sud.that
having, Ixfoic the IXousi adjouimd yesterday",
nio\ed to amend the motion ot the honorable gen-
tleman ft 1)111 Viigima, by iddmg instiuetiuns to
the committee to lepoit a bill to equalise tuc pay
of the Vimyaud Nivy, he would now endeavor,
btieily at, possible, to submit a few considcia-
tions in tavoi of the oiigm il motion, as he pio
pobed to ami nd thesami, uid igainstthe pissage
ot the bill We hue (sad Ml M ) piofcsstd
to be an eionomnal, ie]mhluan, plain people
It his been sud th it oui Govunmcnt, in its
practical operition, eonfeiied igicitn degiee of
ueni fit and piotection upon tin peopie than any
othei lenown atnona ovili/id natu ns Its thi o
ry, ie|tctmg all puuleged classc s, all exclusive
legislation in fivoi of the f^w at tin expenso of
tlie many, pio icding upon tin pimciple " that
all men aie cie tied equal," has commanded alike
the admirition of pituotibm and philanthropy
Its piaetiee thus fai has mainly eonfoimed to its
theoiy Occasional deviations fiom the lepub-
lican Hack will be found m oui history, but he
(Mi M ) tuisud these would only foim excep-
tions to genual rules and punciples,and not lulos
and principles themselves II at my tune, in our
(,ood nature, in our gcnciositj , 01, if you please,
libti ahty, we overstep the bounds of pi udence, and
do vióleme to thit justice which thenition owes
equally to the most humble as the most exalted,
we ought soon to expect to mict the coirective at
the ballot box Mi Speakci (sud Mr M ) the
presentera will formahnght page in our national
histoiy, unle&s, by oui own acts, we shall wan-
tonly ca&t a shade over it, which will grow daiker
by agi, until the ícmembrunce of the present
shall become unwelcome to the recollections of
men By the economy and fiugahty of oui re-
publican habits, undei an honestad ministration of
our financial afiaus, oui national debt, (by some
maintained to be a national bhssing,) which in
1817 amounted to «¡,123,000,000, has been paid off,
and the anomaly in the history of the oppiessions
of the human ¡ace is now piesented of a great
nation out of debt, possessing acciuing suiplus
revenues toan extent which may piovedangerous
to its purity and obnoxious to its safety Aie we
(said Mr M ) about to commence a system of
extiavagant legislation, creating high galanes,
sinecures, perquisites, allowances., douceurs, and
pnvileges, which will lay the foundation of a new
nation il debt, to prove moie cruel and endunng
than has ever yet excited the fears of our people '
There are those, sir, (said Mr M ,) m theatmos-
phere suirounding this Capitol, who will answer,
" Never fear—the laborer is woithy of his hire,
an¿ his hue is not enough to supply his wants,
and his necessaiy luxunes and enteitamments—
his lespectabihty must be suppoited 01 the nation
is disgiaced " Put the question (said Mi M ) to
oui constituents, I do not mean the wealthy and
luxurious of our large cities and towns, but the
gieit planting and fanning in tei est of thecountiy,
and lfi have not grossly mistaken their opinions,
theiranswcr will be, "liue, the laborei is woithy
of his hue, and let that hire be reasonable, even
hbeial," but they will be careful to add a warning
against extiavagance This bill, sir, (said Mi
M ,) may be consideied as a pioneer to a system
wlni h the peculiar situation of our financial
affans, the generous and better feelings of our
nature towaids our gallant ofliceis, invites and
alluies us—a ¡system uf prodigal expendituies of
the puUic revenues, for the benefit of our favoi-
ltes, to'siicncc their clamors, and pamper then
appetites^ wholly inconsistent with a just sense
of oui duties to the country, the purity of its laws
and administration, and destructive to its welfare
We have been reminded of our overflowing
Treasury, and that republics are ungiateful—we
hear, spoken m eloquent accents—our national
greatness, our bravery,our liberality, our justice,
our honor, oui debt of gratitude to those who
protect and defend us fiom "perils by sea and by
land," but, sir, (said Mi M ,) pardon mefoi the
apprehension, that this is the " siren" to our
vanity, which lulls to security, and "deceives but
to destroy."
I tru'st, sir, (said Mr M ,) that the lessons
gathered from the history of European oppres-
sions have not all been yet lost to the people, and
that there is yet a spiut which maybe awakened
to a sense of danger—which will shield us from
the evils that have been inflicted upon those na-
tions, by the adoption of systems of bounties,
pensions, and sinecures, which have turned all
the pioperty of those kingdoms out of the hands
of honest mdustiy, into the laps of luxurious
idleness and vice
Mr Speakei, when this bill was under consid-
eration before the Committee of the Whole, I
had occasion to say that it was alittle icmaikable
thatapioposition to equalize the pay of the Ai my
and Na\y should so readily have resolved itself
into an (ffoit simply to inciease the pay of the
Navy, and I desued (said Mr M ) to bemfoimed
by what process and for what íeasons, the ou-
ginal object h id been abandoned by the commit-
tee, and then effoits directed only to increase the
pay of the Navy The chairman of the commit-
tee [Mi Watmough] has contented himself by
answeung that it was found impracticable to un-
dertake to leduce the pay of the Army, without
endangering the success of the principal object of
raising the pay of the Navy It is true, sn, (said
Mr M ,) that the Aimy and Navy have ahead y
gained so much influence ovei our legislative
councils that 1'is impiacticable w> restiain their
control ? The veiy pioposition is sufficiently
alarming, but the admission of it upon this floor
is astonishing' Does the gentleman mean to
admit that it is impiacticable to reduce the pay
and emoluments of the swarms of officers of the
Aimy, because they are unwilling to be reduced,
and that, theiefore, we mustabandon thatbranch
of the subject, and comply with the demands of
the officers of the Navy, by raising their emolu-
ments up to the standard of the Aimy'
Mi WATMOUGHexplained, andsaidhehad
made no sueh admissions or declaiations that he
was aware of, as the  gentleman had supposed
He must have been misunderstood
Mi MANN continued He was confident the
honorable gentleman had made such lemaiks in
answer to his (Mr M 's) inquiry, although, per-
haps, the gentleman had foigotten himself, m
the zeal with which he pressed this bill Why,
sir, (said Mr M ,) the course of proceedings of
this committee seems to me to amount to such
an admission, othei wise, for what reason, I ask
again, did the committee abandon their original
object of equalizing the pay of the officers of the
Army and Navy > I am aware, sir, (said Mr
M ,) that the six hundred and three officers of
the Army are a more numerous, if not a more
dangerous, boa y than Congress They com-
mand six thousand five hundred and ninety five
men, that is an average of one officer for about
ten men, fiom which it might be inferred, that
the men are under a sufficient discipline for a
peace establishment. Mr M hoped that the
honorable gentleman had not taken counsel fiom
his fears of this airay in arnving at his conclu-
sion, that it was impiacticable to legislate as to
the pay and emoluments of this branch of the
public service Will it be denied, sir, (said Mr
M ,) that some remedial legislation, in regaid
to the emoluments of the officers of the Army,
would be beneficial to our finances, if not to the
"■morale " of the Aimy itself Let us look into
this "ingratitude of republics " The honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Allen,] who
addressed the House yesterday on this subject,
wat  mistaken in what he said in respect to the
pay of the officers of the Aimy He might
easily be mistaken, sir, (said Mr M ,) because,
in looking into the documents generally on this
subject, although you have a bureau here for
every division and subdivision of duty, there is
confusion and uncertainty—I will not say a fraud-
ulent suppression—in regard to the allowances
ami emoluments of the officeis of the Aimy.
Sir, (said Mi. M ,) the Blue Book, compiled
eveiy two years, pursuant to a law of Congress,
under the direction of the Secretary of State, is
required by law to " exhibit the amount of com-
pensation, pay, and emoluments allowed to each
officer or agent " Now, sir. in regard to the pay
of the Army, this document only shows the pay
and allowances to your major general—$200 per
month and fifteen rations per day A brigadier
general, $104 per month and twelve rations, and
thus through the different grades. Sir, (said
Mr M ,) we shall soon learn that this celebrated
Blue Book does not tell us half the truth. I do
not know whose fault it may be, but, sir, in
respect to the Aimy, this book is not entitled to
the least credit In document maiked B, accom-
panying the report of this bill, the pay and emol-
uments of a major general are stated to be
$6,512 64, a brigadier general, $4,422 48 In
another document, sir, (said Mr M ,) accompa-
nying the same report, called statement A, under
the joint signatures of the Secretaries of the War
and Navy Depaitments, I find the following
statement, which I beg leave to read for the in-
formation of the House.    Mr  M read
The following table exhibits the maximum
amount of pay and stated allowances which the
respective giades of the Aimy can receive, and
the average amount actually received during the
year 1832
Major General........
Bt igadier General.....
Colonel..........
Lieutenant Colonel   ___
Major................
Captain..............
Fust Lieutenant.......
Second Lieutenants.. ■.
Brevet Second  Lieuten
ants...............
Cadets...............
Actually re
cuved in
1832
$6,528 80
4,265 20
2,678 65
2,329 80
2,099 40
1,442 91
1,103 52
1,027 40
1,027 40
338 00
Maximum
amount
$6,634 00
4,515 00
3,014 00
2,497 50
2,231 50
1,569 00
1,443 00
1,383 00
1,383 00
338 00
Sir, this statement does not agree with the state-
ment first mentioned in any one item, yet it must
be taken and deemed as authentic as any other,
as far as it goes It does not profess to show all
the allowances made to the officers of the Army.
Under most circumstances, these officers are en-
titled extra, to double íations, fuel, quarters, sta-
tioneiy, transportation, or traveling allowance,
besides a special extra average per diem allow-
ance of two dollars on court-martial or special
duties 1 cannot learn, sir, (said Mr M ,) from
any documents within my reach, what all this
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
$9
paraphernalia of allowances costs the country, or
what is its value to the officers, and it is doubtful
whether, at lliis time, any department of the Gov-
ernment can inform you what is the exact value
and amount of the pay and allowances per annum
to the general and staff officers of the Army The
practice of brevets, which has obtained exten
sively, seems better adapted to the increase of
pay than to any other object of the service For
instance, a brevet brigadier'general, stationed at
Washington, performing the duty of the head of
the bureau of the engineer corps, may obtain a
salary under a law giving him $104 per month
and twelve rations per day, of §4,515 I do not
take this example from any hostility to the re
spectable gentleman who has. been so foi túnate as
to secure such snug quarters I believe he is a
good engineer, but his engineering is perhaps on
a scale more expensive to the country than the
scale of his salary
These details (said Mr M ) furnish a single
example of how much abuse may be practiced,
under the guise of the public service, if not the
public good They show on the face of them the
necessity of legislative correction, and if the com-
mittee had adhered to their original puipose, I
should have entertained some hope of seeing our
army officers placed on a footing more just to the
true interests of the country and the other branches
of the public service Unfortunately, they have
not done so, and therefore I am for the motion of
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, to com
mit this bill with instructions " to report a bill to
equalize the pay of the Army and Navy," and I
would add a provision to cut off all allowances
Mr Speaker, (said Mr M ,) I come now to
the examination of the dry details of this bill,
and I must isk the indulgence of the House while^
I submit a few considerations against its passage
I will attempt to show that its provisions will
increase the pay and emoluments of the Navy,
except in the highest grades, much beyond the
maximum which the Secretary, or the navy
board, or even its officers themselves, have as
yet asked or desired I willattempt to go fuithei,
sir, and show by comparisons that the present
pay and allowances to the Amencan Navy, ex-
cept in the highest grades, are now, under our
laws and regulations, greater than those of any
other considerable navy in Euiope Some of the
general provisions of this bill, sn, will also claim
our attention The first thing which presents
itself to our attention is usually an unimportant
paitof a bill—its title, "A bill to regulate the pay
of the Navy of the United States " I have been
brought up in the old schools, where I learned tt>
call things by their right names Perhaps I am
behind the intelligence and ingenuity of the age,
but I should call this in plain English " a bill to
met ease the pay of the Navy " When the honor
able gentleman adopted his bill, he must have
been influenced by the doctrine that " a rose by
any other name would smell as sweet " But why
not call it by its true name? Is it to be implied
that its ft lends entertain some fears that it has
rhubarb in its composition' Sir, whatever you
call it, the bill will still be a bill to inciease the
pay oi the Navy, instead of what it should have
been, "A bill to equalize the pay of the Aimy
and Navy
The first item in it seeks to establish a distinc-
tion between officei3 of the same giade by desig-
nating "a semoi captain," or a concealed Ad mi
ral a " commander in-chief" of the Navy 1
confess myself a little jealous of " titles and dig-
nities" undei this Grovernmtnt Peihaps (said
Mi M ) it is owing to a defect of education in
the school to which I have always been attached
Why (said Mi M ) do we piopose to do thing 
foi the Navy undei false coloisl That branch of
the seivice has never given u^ such examples
Their bannei-. have always been boldly hung out,
insciibed With liberty and tiuth
To this " senior captain" le piopose by this
bill to give, when in seivice, a salary, besides
some allowances, of uj,4,500 "When on leave
of absence or waiting ordeis, $3,500 " In re
spect to " all othei captains," the provis ons of
the bill tie similai, except in some contingencies
not likely to occui
The ten captains of the Navy of over fifteen
ycais'standing,  "when at sea," and when at
shore stations, and as navy commissioners, now
receive an average salary of $3,493 72, besides
some other valuable allowances
Is not this enough to satisfy all reasonable de-
mands upon the gratitude of republics > We are
answered in the negative, (said Mr M ,) and to
show us simple republicans how far we are behind
those great and oppressive aristocracies, we are
referred to the precedents of the British and
French navies, communicated to us, to my sur-
prise, by the Secretary of the Navy—not, I am
confident, for our imitation or adoption
In those navies an admiral (" senior officer")
receives from seven thousand five hundred dollars
to nine thousand five hundred dollars, which is
increased nearly fifty per cent when they are on
duty, oi, m other words, the princely treasures
of those kingdoms, "gathered from the mouths
of famine," are opened to the rapacity of those
who hold to the maxim of ' taking care of the
rich, and the rich will take cere of the poor "
These precedents (said Mr M ) cannot have been
placed upon our records as examples for our adop-
tion at the instance of any American citizen, and,
for myself, I cannot permit them to influence my
judgment or action in íespectto any piovision of
this bill To me they are bad precedents, and
the circumstance of then being before us has, in"
no degiee, disposed me in favor of the bill which
uccompamed them
It will be legitimate, however, for me to lefer
to them again, for another purpose Sir, (said
Mr M ,) we aie told that the pay of the officers of
the Navy was established by a law passed in
1799,since which it has not been increased, while
the pay in othei departments of the public sei
vice has been enlaiged,and thisisuiged asaiea-
son why we ought now to show our liberality
with the public tieasure, and increase the pay of
the Navy I am aware, sn, (said Mi M ,) that
our public seivants immediately aboul the Cap
ltol are much in the habit of applying to the lc
gislative power to give' give' and that, in the
better sympathies ot oui nature, we are too apt
to yield to such lmpnitnmtns, foigetting the in-
terests of those multitudes of oui tellow citizens
far removed fiom the scene of our action, but
whose inteiests deseivc the most of our caie It
should not be foigotten (said Mi M ) that in
1799 an Admimstiation existed, under the
elder Adams, m this countiy, that, whatevei
other objections arose against it, it was not
guilty of being m favor of low salaues The
pay of the captains of the Navy was raised
at that critical penod in our history and in
our finances, from $75 to $100 per month, and
it is under that law now, by which these cap-
tains, thiough allowances and perquisites,obtain
the average before stated of $3,493 pei annum,
except that, in 1815, Congiess passed a law to
oiganize the Navy board, and establishing their
pay at $3,500, besides some contingencies
Mi  Speaker, (said Mr M ,) I do not percene
the foice of the reasoning, tnat because you have
raised the pay in one bianch of the seivice, you
must therefoie m«e another, or the whole     If H
admitted, it would lead to raising the pay undei ,
this Government, already, m my judgment, too |
high in eveiy department,  to  a degree which j
would exalt the agent above the principal     The I
officers of the Navy, sir, (said Mr  M ,) in addi-1
tion to pay and emoluments, in time of war are I
entitled  to  pnze money, which  is  usually the]
lion's pait    This  item, dunng the late  wai,
amounted to $1,140,594, divided, according to j
our puze laws, between the gallant officers and
c ews of the vessels so fortunate in captming the
enemy     When we íeflect, again, that thet,e oft
ceis are not called into foieign sea seivice more .
than about one year in five, I am confident the j
countiy will be satisfied that there is no necessity |
for passing this bill   so far, at least, as the thirty-
seven captains of the Navy are concerned
Mi  Speakei, the next item of this proposition
"to íegulate," raises the pay of the  masters
commandant, oi, in the moie dignified language,  .
to the title of this item, " commanders," (leav-
ing the appellative " chief" off for the present )   I
They aie to receive ¡¡¡.2,500 on sea seivice, on
othei   duty,  $2,000       Waiting oiders, (that is,
engaged  to do nothing,) $1,800     Theie are at }
piescnt foity one of these officers in the service
They are mostly its active and efficient officers.
Their rank has not been abooe actual service, and
I am frank to admit, that some of them have not
heretofore obtained as much pay as their services
may have merited when compaied with other
grades in the Navy There seems to be an ex-
traordinary discrepancy in their pay and allow-
ances at present, which I cannot well account
for For instance, those nine who are in actual
sea service receive $1,356 25 each, while the nine
commanding navy-yards, receiving, or recruiting
stations obtain $2,010 75 each On the whole,
sir, if their pay and emoluments were properly
distributed, it would seem to me, that better
justice would be done, and this class of officers
more equally rewarded, if not better satisfied
Sir, (said Mr M ,) I could go through the de-
tails of this bill, in every grade of the service,
increasing the pay as it docs, in every instance,
to a degree not heietofore contemplated by even
the officers themselves     The committee who re-
ported it, has made two reports on the subject,
each differing in principle from the other, and
brought in three different bills for the same object,
each varying widely from its immediate prede-
cessor, and then the chairman before the Com-
mittee of the Whole, accepts, virtually, a new
bill, differing essentially from all the othei prop-
ositions, and this is amended, until you find if,
a deformity upon your table     After this exhibi-
tion, what confidence, sir, ought the House to
repose in the doings of the committee>   Why,
sir, the honoiable gentleman ought to suspect hia
own judgment, and distrust himself for having
lent his ears too willingly, to those whose intei-
ests had got the better ot their judgments     He
has informed us that he diligently sought the most
extensive mfoimation on this subject—but, sn,
(said Mr M ,) although I vail not question the
gentleman's  diligence,  yet T am compelled to
tloubt his success m the pursuit, and oppose the
use he  proposes  to  make  of his  attainments.
There aie, however, seveiaj documents appended
to his reports, from which I have compiled three
brief statements, to piove to you the two piopo-
sitions that this bill will increase the pay of the
Navy far beyond the maximum which the Secre-
taiy and the Navy board, acting in behalf of the
inteiest committed to their dnection, have asked
or desned, and secondly, that the present pay of
the Navy is, in all the grades except the lughei,
gieater than in any other consideiablt navy in
Euiope.    Foi this last purpose, I have used pait
of the precedents furnished to us of the pay in
the British and French Navies     Let me remark
further, that the document fm niched by the joint
dehbei ations of the Secretan-s of War and Navy,
was drawn up in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate of 3d March, 1833, requesting the Piesi-
dent to " cause to be prepared and laid before the
' Senate, at the commencement of its session, a
' plan for equalizing the pay of the officeis m the
' Army and Navy, and piovidmgfor afixedcom-
' pensalion fur then   «ei vices, in heu  of piesent
•allowances " After the Secietanes had prepared
this document or plan, they submitted it to the
Nav y boai d foi   their  consideration    and they
pioposed «onie modification's, by increasing some
giades and diminishing others, in a slight and
unimportant degree     Thus, sir, this plan of in-
crease in the pay of the Navy has the sanction
of the two Secietanes, the Navy boaid, as the
official íepiesentatives of the Navy, and of the
President of the United States     It is theiefoie
entitled to at least as much consideration as the
opinion of the honoiable gentleman, who  has
given us his three different opinions m the bhape
of bills
Mr Speaker, I have taken pams to compare
the pioviMons of this bill with the pay thus pro-
posed undei the official sanction, of the high offi-
ceis chaiged with this duty, and the pay provided
by the bill exceeds that proposed in the plan, in
every single instance except one oi two of the
highest giades
The bnef statements which I piesent is exam-
ples, exhibit the present pay of the Navy as far
as the same appears in the documents, the pay
proposed by the Secretaries and Navy board, the
mcieased pay provided in this bill, and the com-
paiatne pay in the British and Fiench navies
Here Mi  M read many of the details in the
100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
documents, and compared them with the pro-
visions of the bill

1
is--
«3
GRACES

f¿Í


a
£,>.>,
&..S

£ &
&8I
*>J3

&.
PW
H<

Dolh
Dolh
Dolh
1  Senioi captain at sea.
3,493 72
5,500
4,500
Ditto   on leave of ab




1,940 00
3,000
3,500
2. Othei capt's comd'g



squadrons or acting as



navy commissioners,
3,500 00
4,200
4,500
3. Other capt's comd'g


K.
atseaand navy-yaids,
3,466 00
3,500
4-,000
On leave or waiting 01




1,940 00
2,300
3,000
4  Masters com'tat sea
1,356 25
2,000
2,500
Ditto on other duty...
2,010 56
1,600
2,000
Ditto  on leave or wait-




1,176 25
1,296 25
1,400
1,500
1,800
1,800"
5 Lieuts in command

1,292 9o
1,000
1,500
On leave or waiting 01-




965 00
800
1,200
6. Midshipmen at sea .
319 25
350
400
7  Chaplains at sea....
662 50
1,000
1,200
8  Schoolmastei   .....

600
1,200
French Navy—Pay of Flag Officers
Admiral......................    #7,500 00
Vice Admiral........2,862 00
RearAdmnal......................  1,875 00
Captain ship of the line, first class____1,125 00
Captain ship of ()& line, second class . ],012 00
Captain frigate.....................     787 50
Allowances—These vary at yaids and at sea,
amounting, in some cases, to as much as the pay
of these classes of officers
Lieutenant of a ship of the line.........$450 00
Lieutenant of a frigate................ 337 50
Surgeon of the eleventh class.......... 562 00
Midshipmen of the first class.......150 00
Allowances to the undei officers much ltssthan
in American Nav.y
Note —The pay of the superior grades is in-
creased nearly fifty per cent, when at sea
British Navy
Rear Admnal oí Commodoie oí the fust
diss...........................£4,861 go
Captain of a fleet..................4,861 80
Captain fust late....................3,542 08
Commandoi fust rate..............3,542 08
Fust Lieutenant, seven yeais'standing
firstrate........................     663 78
All othei Lieutenants...............     531 02
Master     ..........................     752 38
Chaplain...........................      708 03
Surgeons  ............,............. 1,134 00
Assistant surgeons.................     53] 02
Midshipmen ......................     138 52
Note.—Other grades confoim to these ¡ates,
and this is the pay m first late vessels, which is
geneially diminished thiough all tin othei six
classes of vessels belonging to the British navy
Aftei Mr M had refi rred to the details of the
pay in the Bntish and French navies, and wis
pioctcding to show that in all the giades below
admiral, it was fai lower than the piesent pay in
tile Amtncaii Navy,
Mi WAT MOUG-H explained, and said those
preci dents were incoiiect, and that the gentleman
was mistaken, because that pay was increased
when in service fifty per cent , and that those
ofhccis obtained large allowances besides
Mr MANN continued, and said that he was
aware that the higher giades in the French service,
when at sea, had such increase, but none of the
lower grades The honorable gentleman has told
us nothing new Suppose I was mistaken fifty
per cent , it will be easy to add that to the pay
of those ñaues, and then you will not equal
the pay of the lowei grades in oui Navy The
honorable gentleman appends documents to his
reports foi our consideration, and then says they
aie incorrect and cannot be relied upon     Su, 1
should wish to know whether any of these doc-
uments are to be relied on, oi whether the gen-
tleman will also stultify the residue' If these
documents aie in any dcgiec woithy of ciedit,
then ha\e I proved to you the two propositions
which I have before made; and now, sn, let me
ask this House if it is prudent for us, in the dis-
cieet discharge of our duties, to pass this bill,
thus inci easing the pay to a greater extent than
has been proposed by those officers who have
had the subject under then caieful revision' I
might here pause, and ask whether the present
pay of the Navy is not now sufficiently laige'
Shall we outstnp in our career the vices and
oppressions of European anstocracies ' But, Mr.
Speakei, I have not yet spoken of the allowances
now made to our officers, which will be found to
exceed those in Euiope I have a little book,
compiled in 1832, by that most indefatigable and
valuable officei, the Secretary of the litasuiy,
while he was at the head of the Navy Depaitment,
which contains many things on this subject, not
known generally to the public The honoiable
chanman has not thought it advisable to make
this book a part of the documents to his report.
I will beg leave to lead a few paragraphs
"Allowance on bills, dtawn by commander of
' ships oi squadrons This was two and a half
'pei cent , but ceased after the 10th November,
' 1826 " I am informed that it is now established
at one pel cent , but I will not vouch for the
tmth of this If it be true, sir, the allowance
of one percent on the expenses of a three year's
cruise will sustain the dignity of a captain suf-
ficiently foi a íepublic
"Allowance for cabin furniture. Commanders
'of vessels in commission will be allowed as foi
'lows m lieu of cabm furniture:
"Commodoie of a squadion thirty dollars per
' month, captain of hne-of-battle ship twenty-five
' dollars «per month, captain of a frigate twenty
1 dollars pei month, mastei commandant in com-
' mand fifteen dollars per month, lieutenant com-
' mandmg ten dollars per month.
"The following articles aie deemed fixtures,
' and will be provided by the Government, viz
' sofas, sideboards, secretaries, book cases, cur-
' tains, carpets, wash stands, basins, covers, and
' hanging lamp foi cabin
'"Ulowance fm chamber money Two dolíais
'pei week to officeis stationed where theie are
' no quaiteis
"Allowance for detention on special duty Ten
' dolíais pei day to judges advocate who do not
' belong to the Navy, thiee dolíais per day to
' captains and masteis commandant, two dolíais
' pel day to suigtons, lieutenants, and citizens
'generally, one dollai and a half pei day to all
' others
"The following articles of furniture are allowed
'by the Navy Depaitment Commandants'
' houses (giving itcmv) six hundred and sixty-
' six dolíais, and oil cloths for passage and pailoi,
' not to exceed two dollars per yard, masteis cóm-
' m mdant's houses (giving items) thiee hundied
'and nineteen dolíais, besides Ike oil cloths,
' houses of lieutenants, sailing masters, suigeons,
'and purscis at yaids (giving items) one hun-
' dud and seventy-eight dolíais,besides hkecai-
' pets "
These, sir, are notyetall the allowances made,
but I feii f go too far into detail I will mention
fuel, candles, and stationeiy, uavel oi tianspoi-
tation, (including constiuctive journeys,) which
amount to an annual sum to each officer greater
than the people, or puhaps the Government aie
now awaie of.
Mr Speakei, (said Mr M ,) looking at all this
arraj of salaries, allowances in kind or in money,
I am constrained to call it "an abuse," for I will
not use a harshei turn It needs no comment,
and I foibeir Let us turn om attention, for a
ftw moments, to some of the geneial provisions
of tins bill, which appear to mi objectionable
By one of these provisions surgeons, ordeied as
fleet surgeons, are to have their pay increased
one half, and " when appointed to perform the
duties of surgeon geneial, his pay shall be in-
creased three fouiths " Now, sir, (said Mr
M ,) I should like to be mfoimed why it is that
we undeitake to do things foi the Navy indi-
rectly, which we do not hke to do directly and
openly' Is it necessary that there should be
concealment in any of oui objects' Why not
(said Mr. M ) piovide openly, undei laige cap-
itals, there shall be appointed a new officer m the
Navy, (as you have in the Aimy,) to be called a
suigeon general, with a salary and allowances
of $3,000' If such an officei is necessaiy to the
service, let it be understood, and the íeasons
shown for it, and is theie any doubt that it
would be favoiably considered, if those reasons
weie sufficient' If you pass this bill, (said Mi.
M ,) you will have such an officer added to the
long list now m commission, and he will have a
salary of $3,000
Again, Mi Speaker, are we about to lay the
foundation of a naval school in the establishment
of this " professoi of mathematics'" Ifso,letit
be avowed, and let us undei stand, openly and dis-
tinctly, the purpose The honoiable gentleman
[Mr. Wataiough] has reported in favor of such
an establishment I peiceive, by thatrepoit, that
we have now some schoolmasters attached to the
service. At Boston theieis one teachei stationed
upon a salary of $>981 75, besides allowances, and
he must be a gentleman of consideiable import-
ance, not addicted to labor in his vocation, for
he has not (do not be suipnsed) six pupils ' At
New Yoik there aie two " professors, and one
has $981 75, and the other $662 50, with allow-
ances, and they both have fifteen pupils • At
Norfolk, one "professor," and thnty-one pupils'
These, sir, must be rare foundations for naval
schools' But I will not now discuss whether we
ought to teach our young men how to live at the
public expense, yet, sir, this " piofessorship of
mathematics" in the- Navy may prove a germ,
on which we may ingraft an establishment to
educate favorites, in exclusion to the community
geneially, under the disguise of preparing them
for the public service, which will coirespond with
that at West Point, under the surveilance of the
officers of the Ai my Before we adopt this " pro-
fessoi," I should like to be informed how many
assistant professoi s will be necessary to enable
him to perform his duty I perceive that the
" piofessor of mathematics" at West Point has
four " assistantpiofessors,"and if the naval pro-
fessois should íequire a like numbei, we might
as well, perhaps, establish a corps of professors
under the command of a bureau, with a salary of
at least $4.51j' This naval "professor," I am
given to understand, has heretofore had a calling,
copied fiom the English, a " schoolmaster," but
we are now told that this appellation does not
now conespond with his "dignity," he being
an officer of " the Go'vernment of the United
States '" and jealous of his lank and title Now,
sir, (said Mr M ,) I have yet to learn that the
calling or occupation of a "schoolmaster" is
either deiogatory or degiadmg If it be so, then,
sir, I am obliged to confess that I have borne this
degradation in common with many other gentle-
men on this floor If, sir, we shall leave this" pi o-
fessoi," with his humble calling of a " school-
mas'er," without "gown and wig," I am inclined
to believe he will render you as much and as good
serviee as he will if you confer high-sounding
titles, which imply that he performs his duties
by deputy
There is another pro\ision (said Mi M )
which should not escape notice It contains the
principles, and has the modern objects of" brevet
rank," winch has obtained in the Army It
provides, that officers peifoimmg duties of a
higher grade shall be entitled to the pay and
emoluments of such grade If the House are
piepaied to sanction the pnnciple and practice of
" brevets " in the organization of the Navy, it is
probable we shall hear less complaint as to the
difficulties and delays of promotion Officers who
have heretofoic been contented in the perfoim-
ance of the duties assigned to their giade, will
soon, like many of your officers of the Aimy,
have two or three " brevets," and in the end the
coxswain may " pace the deck, and play the
commodore " No piovision could well be de-
vised which would prove more mischievous to
the discipline of the Navy, or destructive to its
best interests Again, sir, I had occasion to re-
mark the other day, that the second section, pro-
viding to set apart three per cent of the pay of
the officers to " constitute a fund for the relief of
1835.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   101
the widows and children of those officers," was
virtually an  annual appropriation  out   of   the
Treasury to grant annuities or pensions to those
persons who have not heretofore come within
the pension policy of tins country     The honor-
able gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mason] said
in reply, that I was mistaken in supposing it to
be an appropriation out of the Treasury; it was
out of the pay of the officers; and he undertook
to establish  his position.    Why, Mr. Speaker,
who can fail to. perceive, that if you establish a
rate of pay for your officers, from which you
deduct annually three per cent., you must make
that pay three per cent, higher than you would
otherwise deem necessary?   But, sir,(said Mr.
M.,) I cannot add  to  what  was  said on this
point, and so well said yesterday, by the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Allen.] Mr.
Speaker, my two honorable colleagues, [Messrs.
Ward and Vandekpoel,] for whom I entertain
feelings of habitual respect, have delivered to us
some warm-hearted eulogiums upon the charac-
ter and services of our Navy and its officers.    In
all they have said in that respect, I most fully
and sincerely concur; but, perhaps unfortunately,
I have been  obliged to  consider  the  question
before us as one of entirely different character,
■wholly disconnected with those brilliant achieve-
ments which have won so much favor, and com-
manded so much eloquent admiration.
Sir, (said Mr. M.,) there are at present one
thousand and seven officers attached to the Navy.
Their present aggregate pay is $738,425 25. If
you pass this bill, sir, their aggregate pay will
be $973,593 34, raakingan increase of $235,168 09.
This statement may not be entirely accurate,
although it is derived from the most correct offi-
cial sources. The pay of these officers, sir, at
present, is a sum sufficient to support the civil
administration of any three of the largest State
governments in this Union, and the increased pay
provided in this bill is a sufficient sum to support
the government of either one of them. We are
then to decide, sir, not whether the Navy has
acquired glory in deadly conflict, but whether we
will enlarge the permanent expenditures of this
Government, (already complained of in every
quarter of the Union,) by-so large a sum annually,
to be gathered from the fruits'of honest labor, in
order to increase the salaries of the officers, not
so much for those who were connected with the
glories of which my colleagues speak, (for many
of them have long since made their beds in the
" vasty deep,") but those who are to succeed,
and who are now pressing from every quarter of
the country to gain admission into the service.
My friends alluded to the pay of the higher
grades in the British and French navies; and I
fear those precedents, in the unguarded moments
of their warm-hearted zeal towards the brave,
may for once have caused them to forget the in-
terests of those whose utmost toil, in the heat and
burden of the day, secures for them but a limited
protection against the chills of the winters of their
lives.   '
Finally, Mr. Speaker,'(continued Mr. M.,)
we need have little apprehension that those who
work for the United States will work for nothing;
neither need we have our repose disturbed for
fear they will not get enough. Let us remem-
ber that this Government derives all its reve-
nues, as well as all its powers, from the people;
that it cannot act at all except by agents, whose
self-interest (an all-pervading spring of human
action) is always against the principle quickened
by cupidity and sharpened by avarice; and, for
one, I conclude there is no danger on their side of
the question. Sir, (said Mr. SI.,) let me add that
I have always been friendly to the Navy—I have
appreciated its utility, equally with its gallantry.
I would provide liberally to sustain its real and
true interests, us dignity and reputation abroad,
by suitable and general laws. But do not, sir,
I beseech, charge the country with so large a
permanent expenditure to raise our salaries and
increase our luxuries, lest, through consequent
effeminacy, we too soon realize the evils which
Spain found in the mines of the New World.
Mr. POPEsaid that lie had heretofore abstained
from any interference in the progress of the bill
before the House He had, however, listened
attentively to the various propositions of gentle-
men, and the remarks which had been made on
the subject. He was satisfied that the present
compensation to those engaged in the naval ser-
vice was too low. He was not to be deteured by
anything which might be urged, from doing en-
tire justice to, and paying adequately those indi-
viduals who encountered the perils of the ocean,
in sustaining and defending the flag and the honor
of the nation. He believed that the bill was not
altogether just in its details; but he would prefer
taking it with its imperfections, than that no act
on the subject should be passed. He would
rather give too much than too little to those en-
gaged in the naval service of the country. While
he entertained these views, he was apprehensive
that the bill, in its present shape, would not re-
ceive the assent of the House; and he appealed
to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Allen] to
withdraw his motion to commit, for the purpose
of giving him (Mr. P.) an opportunity to sub-
mit a proposition, which he indicated, to amend
the bill, and which he considered necessary to
insure its passage.    ■
Mr. WISE hoped his colleague would with-
draw his motion to commit the bill, and enable
its friends to remedy its defects, if any should be
found to exist.
Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, said that inasmuch
as his motion had been superseded, or varied by
the instructions which had been proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mann,] he had
no objections to withdraw it.
The motion being withdrawn, Mr. POPE pro-
posed to amend the bill by striking from the
following clause, the words printed in italics:
" To captains, when commanding squadrons
on coast stations, and when acting as JVuot/ com-
missioners, four thousand/iTC hundred dollars."
Mr. PARKER suggested that the words "coast
stations," be also stricken out.
Mr. POPE assented to the" suggestion as a
modification of his motion.
Mr. PH further moved to amend the bill by
striking out §3,700 as the compensation to cap-
tains " when on other duty" than specially
stated, and inserting $3,000.
Also, to strike from the bill all that part rela-
ting to extra allowances, and to raising a fund by
deducting three per cent, from the pay of the
commission and warrant officers, for the relief of
the relations, &c, of deceased officers.
Mr. WATMOUGH was anxious that this bill,
which had occupied so much of the time of the
House, should be disposed of. If gentlemen
would be satisfied with the amendments proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky, he would not
oppose them, and was willing that they should
he adopted.
Mr. J ARVIS remarked that the portions of the
bill which it was proposed to change, having been
amended in the Committee of the Whole, and the
House having concurred in the amendments thus
proposed by the committee, he did not think that
the Hguse could now, without a commitment,
entertain the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
After some conversation between Mr. MASOjM,
of Virginia, and the CHAIR (temporarily filled
by Mr! Hubbard) on the point of order raised by
Mr. Jarvis,                                                       .
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, moved to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with instructions to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof
several sections, (which he sent to the Clerk s
table,) proposing to establish the ranks of admi-
ral, vice admiral, and rear admiral, in the naval
service, and fixing various grades of compensa-
tion to the individuals employed in the same
Mr. JONES moved that this amendment be
PUMr GILLET hoped that the gentleman would
include in his motion to print the bill before the
House, together with all amendments which hart
been adopted. It was almost impossible to
ascertain the precise shape which it had as-
sumed.                                                        .          „,
Mr. JONES accepted the modification, me
motion to print being put, there appeared—yeas
66, nays 63.    A quorum not voting,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 7, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. LINN and BIBB.
Mr. TYLER presented a petition from citizens
of Georgetown, praying relief from Congress
from the pecuniary embarrassments in which that
city is involved; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Magruder, without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reportad a bill for the relief
of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Tyler, was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.                                              •
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading:
A bill for the relief of James Young;
A bill for the relief of Henry Awkward;
A bill for the relief of Bailey E. Clark; and
A bill to authorize the Secretary of State to
issue letters patent to James Jones.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PORTER, on leave given, introduced a
bill supplementary to the act to authorize the
people of Ijouisiana to enter certain back lands;
which was read twice and referred.
Mr. WAGGAMAN, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced the following bills;
which were severally read twice and referred:
A bill for the relief of Wyat Singleton and
James Andrews;
A bill for the relief of James L. Stokes, and
for other purposes;
A bill for the relief of Abraham Wrinkle;
A bill for the relief of William L. Cockerel; and
A bill for the relief of Paul Paisset.
Mr. LINN, on leave given, introduced a bill
for the relief of Bartholomew Butcher and others,
heirs of Peter Bloom; which was read twice and
referred.
BILL PASSED.
The bill for the relief of J. W. Gleason and
others, was read the third time and passed.
MR. ADAMS'S ORATION ON LA FAYETTE.
Mr. CLAY submitted the proceedings of the
joint committee appointed in consequence of the
death of General La Fayette, together with the
correspondence  between   the  chairman   of   the
committee and Mr. John a. Adams on the sub-
ject of the oration delivered by that gentleman
upon the life and character of La Fayette, by
which  it appeared that Mr. Adams assented to
the request to furnish a copy of the oration for
publication.                                                        .   .
Mr. C. said, if he was guided by the opinion
which he had formed of the oration, or of its ex-
traordinary merit, he could scarcely name any
number of copies to be printed which would be
too great. The House, however, had ordered
fifty thousand copies, and therefore not so many
would be necessary to be ordered by the Senate.
A number proportioned to that would be ten
thousand, which he thought sufficient. He there-
fore moved that ten thousand copies of the ora-
tion be ordered to be printed; which was agreed
to
IMPROVEMENT OF THE WABASH.
The bill making an appropriation to improve
the navigation of the river Wabash came up on
its thiid reading.
Mr. CLAY said he desired to make some
observations upon that part of the President s
message out of which this bill had grown.
He would vote with pleasure for the bill, and
he hoped it would pass the Senate, and meet with
a kinder fate in the House than it experienced
last session. The President in his message had
stated a principle in relation to the power of
Congress over internal improvements which was
so novel and so extraordinary in its character
that he thought it ought not to pass witnout some
observation. What was that principle ? U was
this. That the limit given by the Constitution to
102                                         THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________January 7,
the power of Congress  over internal improve-
ments was that limit which was furnished  by    •
tide water, and that such improvement could not
be authorized by Congress which should extend
beyond a port of entry, and they were generally
confined to tide water.    By. this construction of
the Constitution, the exercise of the power did
not depend upon the grants in that instrument,
but altogether on collateral circumstances.    If
this interpretation were correct, the Constitution
did not depend upon, its own provisions to govern,
but entirely upon the discretion of Congress; and
he also complained of the effect of such an inter-
pretation.    What was it?    It was to repudiate,
and entirely to cutoff from the benefits of internal j
improvements made under the authority of the ¡
General Government, the whole interior of the |
country which lay above tide water.    Whatever J
might be the fate of this construction, it was im- ¡1
possible that the country should be  contented   I
with thislimited extent of power.   lie had risen
on this occasion solely for the purpose of enter-
ing his protest against s"uch an interpretation of
the power of Congress over internal  improve-
ments, as was held by the President in his mes-
sage.
The question being on the final passage of the
bill,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, demande'd uve yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and are as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clay, Clayton, Ew-
ing, Prelinghuysen, Hendricks, Kane, Kent,
Knight, Linn, McKean, Naudain, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Robbins, Robinson, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard, Swift, Tipton, Tomlinson, and Webster—
23.
NAYS —Messrs. Bibb, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Calhoun, Grundy, Hill, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Moore,
Morris, Preston, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tyler, and
White—18.
So the question was determined in the affirm-'
alive.
RIGHT OF WAY—BOYD REILLY.
The joint resolution giving the right of way to
the Winchester and Potomac Railroad Company
through the public lands of the United States at
Harper's Perry, and
The bill authorizing the purchase of Boyd
Reilly's patent apparatus for applying the irres-
pirable gases to the human body, to be used in
the Army and Navy of the United States, were
severally read a third time and passed.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
The bill to settle and establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio, having been
taken up on the third reading,
Mr. SHEPLEY said, he"believed that, with
regard to this bill, many gentlemen were acting
under erroneous impressions. That, in order to
give the Delegate from Michigan an opportunity
of iaying before the Senate certain statements and
facts relating to this subject, he would move the
suspension of the nineteenth rule of the Senate,
which forbids the admission, upon the floor of
this House, of any person interested in any dis-
cussion of the Senate. Ho moved the suspen-
sion of this rule, in order to have an opportunity
of making another motion to admit the Delegate
from Michigan to be heard by the Senate on this
important subject.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that to dispense
with a rule of the Senate, required unanimous
consent.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said that the rules of
the Senate had been then most flagrantly violated.
For it had been otherwise decided during the last
session,when he contended that it required unan-
imous consent.
Mr. POINDEXTER said, he was disposed to
extend as much indulgence as possible to the
Delegate from Michigan. That the bill was one
of great importance to his constituents, and he
would move, therefore, that the bill be laid on
the table, in order to give the Delegate time to
lay his views before the Senate in writing or
otherwise.
Mr. EWING did not object to hear the Dele-
gate, but did strongly object to laying the bill on
the table.    He was opposed to any delay.   The
subject had been before the Senate for two years
already. The Delegate had enjoyed the aid of
an able executive officer in collecting facts on the
point in d.ispute. That it rested more on state-
ments than facts. He would not oppose rescind-
ing the rule of the Senate. He wished to hear
the arguments of the Delegate, but he was op-
posed to all delay. He' wished the bill sent to
the other House in season to be fully discussed
this session.
Mr. SHEPLEY replied, that he was informed
that maps were preparing in New York which
wo ild show the position of the original line, and
he hoped the motion of the gentleman [Mr.
Poindexter] would prevail, and in a few days
the maps might be here; that if the bill should
pass the Senate by the middle of the month,
there would still remain forty-five days for us
passing through the other House.
Mr. CLAYTON explained the subject with
respect to maps.
After some further discussion by Messrs.
SHEPLEY, EWING, LEIGH, and BIBB, the
question was put on Mr. Shepley's motion;
and, on a division, was lost.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
the title having been first amended to read, " An
act to settle and establish the northern boundary
line of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois."
VACANCIES IN COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY said, that in consequence of the
resignation of Mr. Sprague, there was a vacancy
in the Committee of Foreign Relations, and he
moved that the Senate proceed to fill the vacancy;
which was agreed to; when, on balloting for a
member, Mr. Porter was elected.
Mr. SILSBEE remarked that, by the same
occurrence there was a vacancy in the Committee
on Commerce. He moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to fill the same; which was agreed to, when
Mr. Tomlinson was chosen.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.     .
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the board of commissioners
appointed under the act for the adjustment of
land claims in Missouri; which, on motion of
Mr. Poindexter, was ordered to be printed, and
referned to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
NAVY CONTRACTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
a report from the Navy Department, made in
obedience to the act of March, 1809, showing the
amount of contracts of that Department for the
last year.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The bill making compensation for French spo-
liations committed prior to 1800 being announced
as the special order,
Mr. TALLMADGE rose and expressed a hope
that the bill might not be further pressed to-day.
His colleague [Mr Wkiuht] was desirous of
expressing his views upon the subject, brjt he
was now diligently employed examining into it.
Having heard yesterday that the debate was
drawing to a close, he was prepared himself,
and would be ready by to-morrow to deliver his
sentiments.
Mr. WEBSTER said he was not authorized
to put off the bill any longer, but felt himself
bound to hold to more urgency on the subject
than he had done. If the honorable member from
New York could not address the Senate to-day,
he hoped some other gentleman who intended to
speak, if any designed doing so, would embrace
this opportunity.
Mr. TALLMADGE here made some remarks,
directed towards Mr. Webster, which were not
heard, and concluded by moving a postponement
of the special order till to-morrow.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed.himself anxious to
have the question taken and the debate finished.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wright]
would be likely to be the last to speak upon the
bill, he had no objection to the postponement.
Mr. POINDEXTER remarked that there
would probably be no amendment offered to the
bill; and if not, he would suggest that it be al-
lowed now to be engrossed for a third readin°-
Mr. WEBSTER had no objection.
Mr. TALLMADGE thought there would prob-
ably be some objection to the details of the bill,
and he-was opposed to it being ordered to be en-
grossed now, as that course would cut off all
amendments, when it came up on its final pas-
sage.
Mr. BIBB was unwilling at this time that the
bill should be ordered to be engrossed. He had
thought the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Wright] would have given his sentiments to-day,
which would have allowed him (Mr. B.) a further
opportunity of examining the document's.
Mr. WEBSTER said that the question in-
volved was a judicial one, stiictly speaking, and
one which required close and strict attention.
He would be very glad to have the advantage of
the expeuence and judgment of the honorable
membei from Kentucky, [Mr. Bibb,] in a ques-
tion of this sort, and he was willing that the
postponement should take place, if it was un-
derstood that the question on engrossing the
bill could be taken to-morrow, or on Friday at
furthest.
The motion to postpone was agreed to
EXECUTIVE  SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate then
went into the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein with closed
doors,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 7, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania; Mr.
MASON, of Virginia; Mr. GILLET, of New
York; and Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds said: I am requested to pre-
sent to this House, most strange and singular
Editions. They proceed from a race of human
eings that much need the care and attention of
the Government of the United States—they have
it in all cases wherein the Governmentisinformcd
of their situation. These petitionsare signed by
about four hundred and fifty Sac and Fox Indians,
and pray the Congress of the United States to
take their situation into consideration relative to
the payment of their annuities. They state that
they are poor, which I know to be true, and de-
pend much on their annuities for support. They
| say, furthermore, that they have not, some of
them, received any of the annuity whatever of
this year, and the others have received only a
part of the annuity for the year. That these
annuities were paid in bank notes at St. Louis,
which is a great distance from their resi-
dence—and paid to some chiefs, who handed the,
amount over to the American Fur Company—
and the petitioners were riot present at the trans-
action. They pray, that the annuities may here-
after be paid to each individual, or head of a
family, in their own villages, and notice giv.en of
the time and place, which was not given in this
instance.]
Mr. BARBER, of Connecticut, and Mr. AD-
AMS, of Massachusetts.
Which petitions and memorials were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. McINTIRE, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joel Sar-
tain; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year 1635; which was read twice, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
PUBLIC LANDS FOR SCHOOLS.
Mr. CARR submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency or
granting to each fractional township in which
there is no school Jands located, a quantity of
land for school purposes, sufficient to make them
equal with whole townships, in proportion to the
quantity of land contained in said fractional town-
ships
1885.__________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   IQg
¡At. C. remarked that in all the new States, he
believed, by the act of Congress admitting them
into the Union, the section numbered sixteen in
every township, and where such section had
been sold, granted or disposed, other lands equiv-
alent thereto, and most contiguous to the same,
were granted to the inhabitants of such township
for the use of schools. Mr. C. stated, that upon
the Ohio river and elsewhere, there were frac-
tional townships in which there are no lands set
apart for school purposes, and there were also
other fractional townships adjacent to a tract of
country in the State of Indiana which was given
to General George Rodgei-s Clark, and the offi-
cers and soldiers under his command, which is
called the Illinois grant, in which fractional town-
ships there are no school lands. Mr. C. said,
the resolution which he had submitted had for
its object nothing more nor less than to grant to
the persons residing in fractional townships,
where no school lands are set apart, such quan-
tity of land as will make them equal with those
residing in townships, and to whom school lands
have been granted. He presumed to this propo-
sition no one could object.
The resolution was adopted.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, offered
the following; which, under the rule, lies on the
table one day.
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be di-
rected to communicale to this House a copy of
the report of the board of engineers of the 13th
of March, 1834, relative to the repairs of Fort
Independence in Boston harbor, together with
his opinion of the expediency of executing the
repairs proposed in the said report.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety of establishing a territorial government
within the District of Columbia, and of reporting
some mode of relief to the said District from its
present embarrassnients.
Mr. BROWN offered the following; which,
under the rule, lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish this House with a statement
containing the yearly amount of compensation
to which the post captains, masters command-
ant, lieutenants, masters, surgeons, surgeons'
mates, pursers, chaplains, teachers, midshipmen,
boatswains, gunners, carpenters, sail-makers,
and clerks in the Navy of the United States are
severally entitled, and which they actually re-
ceive under the existing laws, and the rules and
regulations of the Navy Department, designating
particularly the sums allowed and paid for the
nay and rations of the several officers themselves,
and for the pay, rations, and clothing of then-
servants; together with the sums allowed for
house rent, fuel, candles, stationery, furniture,
commissions upon disbursements and upon bills
of exchange; and also the additional compensa-
tion (if any) made to officers while in command
o^ squadions or single ships upon a home or
foreign station, or while in command of navy-
yards, or acting as Navy commissioner; and tile
difference of compensation and allowances for
services rendered at sea from those which are
rendered on shore; and also the several sums
usually allowed and paid for travel, and for ser-
vice and attendance upon courts-martial, surveys,
and duties of inspection; and for all or any other
duties and services not enumerated or particu-
larly mentioned in this resolution, so far as the
same can be ascertained by the Navy Depart- '
ment.                                                                           •.
On motion of Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Ger-
mantown  to   the Little  Yadkin  post  office, in
Stokes county, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making compensation to Dr. J. E. B. Finley,
and Dr. E. Harvey Deas, for professional ser-
vices rendered to certain companies of United
States troops, according to a contract made with
them by Major Heileman, of the United States
Army, and that the papers accompanying this
resolution be referred to the same committee."
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
it WHS
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
adopting measures to establish the growth and
manufacture of silk;
And also of introducing into each State in the
Union the practical improvements made by Ga-
maliel Gay in the reeling and weaving the same.
Oo motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instructed to inquire into, the ex-
pediency of allowing to Jesse Potts, of Florida,
a captain in the Continental line in the war of the
Revolution, his commutation pay under the reso-
lution of Congress of 1783.
Mr. HAMER, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to- inquire into the expediency of
amending the Constitution of the United States
so as to limit the service of the judges of the Su-
preme and inferior courts to a term of years.
■ Mr. EVANS moved the question'of consider-
ation.
Messrs.  HUBBARD  and   MARDIS  asked,
simultaneously, for the yeas and nays; which
I were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House:
which wasllfegatived.
The question was then propounded, " Will the
House consider the resolution ?" which was de-
cided in the negative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. John J. Allen, William Allen,
Bean, Beaty, Bockee, Boon, Brown, Bull, Burns,
Bynum, Cambrelong, Campbell, Carmichael,
Carr, Casey, Chancy, Chilton, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Clayton, Clovvney, Cramer, Day, Dicker-
son, Dunlap, Ferris, Forester, Foster, Galbraith,
Gamble, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Hardin, Joseph M. Harper,
James Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Henderson,
Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, luge, Jarvis,
Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Ivilgore, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Luke Lea, Lewis, Love,
Lyon, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Moses Mason,
May, McCarty, Mclntire, McKay, McKim, Mc-
Lcne, Miller, Robert Mitchell, Morgan, Muhlen-
berg, Osgood, Pierson.Plummer, Polk, Reynolds,
Robertson, Shinn, Smith, Standefcr, Turner,
Turnll, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wardwell,
and Whallon-84.
NAYS—Messrs. John GL. Adams, Chilton Al-
lan, Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber,
Barnitz, Bates, Baylies, Briggs, Burges, Cage,
Chambers, Chinu, Claiborne, William Clark,
Coffee, Corwin, Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Dar-
lington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Den-
ny, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett, Ewing,
Fillmore, Philo C. Fuller, Fulton, Garland, Gil-
mer, Gordon, Graham, Grennell, Hard, Hazel-
tine, Heath, Hiester, William Jackson, Janes,
William C. Johnson, Henry Johnsen, Laporte,
Lay, Letcher, Lincoln, Loyall, Manning, Mar- j
tindale, Marshall, John Y. Mason, McComas,
McKennan, McVean, Miner, Murphy, Patton,
Pickens, Pinckney, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Schenck, Schley, Augustine H.Shepperd, Shade,
Sloane, Spangler, Steele, William Taylor, Phile-
mon Thomas, TompTvins, Trumbull, Tweedy,
Vance, Vinton, Watm'ougii, White, Frederick
Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise,
and Young—90.
PUBLIC  IMPROVEMENTS.                     I
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution heretofore offered by Mr. Chilton.
Mr. CHILTON said he had endeavored to
sustain the position which he had assumed, viz: I
that the funds in the Treasury of this nation
were paid by the people of this Union, and, of
course, belonged to them, and not to any partic-
ular State or section of the Union. I am sus-
tained in  this opinion by the President of the
i United States.    In his last annual message, the
¡ President says:
I     " My views in  regard to the expediency of
I ' making  appropriations for works which are
' claimed to be of a national character, and pros
' ecuted under State authority, assuming that
' Congress have the right to do so, were stated in-
' my annual message to Congress in 1830, and
' also in that containing my objections to the
'Maysville road hill. So thoroughly convinced
' am I that no such appropriations ought to be
' made by Congress, until a suitable constitutional
' provision is made upon the subject, and so es-
' sential do I regard the point to the highest inter-
' ests of our country, that I could not consider
' myself as discharging my duty to my constitu-
« ents in giving the Executive sanction to any bill
' containing such" an appropriation." If the people
' of the United States desire that the public Treas-
' ury shall be resorted to for the means to pros-
' ecute such works, they will concur in an amend-
' ment of the Constitution, prescribing a rule by
' which the national character of the works is to
' be tested, and by which the greatest practicable
' equality of benefits may be secured to each
' member of the Confederacy. The effects of such
' a regulation would be most salutary in prcvent-
' ing unprofitable expenditures, in securing our
' legislation from the pcrnjjEkus consequences
' of a scramble for the favors of Government,
' and in repressing the spirit of discontent which
' must inevitably arise from an unequal distnbu-
1 tion of treasures which belong alike to all."
Having disposed of the questions of fact and
of law referable to the same, he now came to the
solution of the question, ".What distribution of
public funds will be just and equal >" He would
not attempt to point out what mode should be
adopted. Great injustice had been done to the
western States by what has been familiarly called
the American system. A distinguished member
from the western States had reported to this
House a mode of distribution which he (Mr. C.)
believed to be just: it was, that there should be
a distribution of the amount remaining in the
Treasury to the States, in proportion to their
population or representation on this floor. But
this was not adopted. Contributions had been
made for public works in some sections of this
Union; while they had been withheld from othera
which had as important works, and claims as
strong on Government. It had been intimated,
that an attempt would be made to dispose of this
resolution by laying it on the table; but if gen-
tlemen suppose to stifle inquiry in this way, they
will find it will be the last argument that will
«atisfy the people. He would invite attention to
that part of the President's message in which he
attempts to explain the reasons which induced
him to veto works of improvement.    He says:
•' The desire to embark the Federal Govern-
' ment in works of internal  improvement   pre-
' vailed in the highest degree during the iirstses-
' sion  of the first Congress I liad the honor to
'meet in  my present station.    When the bill
' authorizing a subscription on the part of the
' United States, for stock in the Maysville and
' Lexington Turnpike Company, passed the two
' Houses, there had been reported by the Com-
' mittee on Internal Improvements bills contain-
' ing appropriations for such objects, exclusive
' of those for the Cumberland road, and for har-
I ' bors and light-houses, to the amount of about
| ' one  hundred and six millions of dollars.    In
j ' addition to those projects which had been pre-
! ' sented to the two Houses, under the sanction
' of their respective Committees on Internal Im-
' provements, there were then still pending before
' the committees, and in memorials presented,
' but not referred, different projects for works of
Í ' a similar character, the expense of which can-
I ' not be estimated with certainty, but must have
I ' exceeded one hundred millions of dollars."
]      Why was it that the first year of General Jack-
' son's administration was selected for thepurpose
j of encouraging these works ?    Why was it that
I the numcious applications were made, on which
I the committees reported favorably, allowing up-
I wards of one hundred millions of dollars and
I others involving the country one hundred mil-
| lions more ?   There might be those that had not
I taken the pains he had to ascertain the motives.
Mr. C. said he was one of the original support-
ers of the Executive of the United States; ho had
frequently   had occasion to refer to this before,
but he never did it boastingly, because it was
i not what he was disposed to boast of.   Mr. C.
104                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            January 7
proceeded till the orders of the day were called
for
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communications-
A letter fiom the Secittary of the Tieasury,in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 12th
ultimo, transmitting a list of the land offict s and
land distucts, and the amount of moneys which
have been received in each, which, on motion of
Mi Ci at, was laid on the table, and oideied to
be punted
A lettei fiom the Secretaiy of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House in relition to the
suspension of the vvoiks in the harboi of Challa
ton, South Caiolina, which, on motion of Mr
Pinckney, was laid on the table, and oideied to
be printed
A letter from the Sccietary of Wai, ui relation
to the canal íoutt in the vicinity of the Licking
Sum mit, & c , in the State ot Ohio, which was laid
on the table
PAY OF NAVAL OFriCERS.
The House then ]S^ceedtd to the considei ation
of the unfinished special oidei—b< nig the bill to
regulate the pay of the officeis of the Navy of
the United States
The question being on the motion of Mi Jonts,
of Geoigia, to íecommit the bill to a Commituc
of the Whok on the state of the Union, with
instructions to stukc out ill after the enacting
clause, and insert in lieu thoieof a bill piovidnie
foi the establishment of the ranks of admiral,
vice ad mu a!, md lear admnal.and fixing vauous
giades of compensation to the individuals em
ployed in tin semce—
Mi JOlN'ES,of Geoigia, aiose and stated, that
having hid a conveis uion with the gintltuidn
fiom Kentucl y, [Mr Popf,] he did not feel dis
posed to piess the consideiation of his motion
until that gentleman should h ue an oppoitumty
to piesent his amendment Hi, howevei, must
be undci„tood to letain the opinion, that the well
being of the naval scitnc lequued the establish
ment of the highei lanks indicated in his own
pioposition lie was well awaie that this was
unpopulir in the Hous , but when he connected
with his own impu ssions tin lcmaiksand ar-
guments of gt nth men on that flooi in n laiion to
the suppoit of the dignity of the officii and of
the country abtoaj, he w is still mon convinced
of the pioprn ty of adding th schighii lanks to
those «Ik idy xistmg in the N ivy 1 hey won
r tlcul iti d not only to obvi ito i!k dith ulties al
ludid to, but, lis) to place b f >i tin nffiui
anotlu r ob|ei t oí ainbiti jn—anotlie i indiuement
foi ilai nty in the pciloiiminrc ot hisduues Not
th it tin v had evi i 1 ill il in such pi i immune
far fiom it—then me tits w u will Icn wn to
liim—but as uiothii lewaid loi iheti futhful
Bi l vice s, which they h ivi not now m piospeet
He then wtihdieu his proposition toi tin pus tu,
tor tin pmposc of giving pu cede nci totheiiitio
liuction of tin motion of the gcutl mm from Ken
tucky,] Mr Puie,] whose amindmint wis then
read and ndopti d by Mi J as a modification of
lus motion
Mr WISE said he -was not disposed to offer
any peoul objections to this eouise, but h<
ft an d, th xigh he did no' entertain that belief
himself, that it would be eonsliued by many into
an act of hostility to (he bill
Mi   POPE disclairm d ill such hostility
Mi GÍELCI said he had undeistood the
tiue question bifoictht House, on the adjouin
mint last tv mug, to be on the punting of the
bill and um nilmi nt
Hit ( HAIR explained That motion had
leen withdiawn
Mi GILLLT then moved the postponement
of the consultation of the bill till to monow,
with the view to h ue it printed, loi hepiotcsted,
he could not himself undcistand the situation m
which it stood, and he believed i gie it uuinbei of
mi mbi rs were m the same condition
Mi W VI MOL Gil sud the bill was essen
tiallv the same with the amendments, as that
aheady punted fie d piecatcd delay The
friends of the bill liad shown a disposition to
make eveiy possibles icufice consistent with then
deep sense of light foi the puipose of facilitating
its passage
Mr JONES, of Georgia, expressed a hope
that the gentleman from New York [Mr Gil-
lei1 would waive his motion to print, in ordei
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and get
the bill in a condition to be engiossed it would
then be time enough to have it printed forfuithei
examination and amendment
Mi GILLET said the difficulty could not thus
be avoided A disagreement existed between
the chairmen of the s leet committee, [Mi W vt
mouch] and himself as to the constiuction of
some of the provisions alri ady passed upon —
paiticulaily m leiation to allowances to com-
manding officers at sea and on shoie He sud
lie also had amendments to prop >si as will is
the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mi Popr ] and
in the pu sent confused stttt of the bill hi was
not sure tint he cou'd piopeuy designate uhi re
they should come in, oi wl it should be then
exect puipoit
Mr   WATMOUGH  said the   amendment of
the amendment of the gentleman   who last ad
diessed  the Chair went to stuke out all allow
anees, so hi could see no difficulty in the way of
the gentleman which could icquiie the dehy in
eident to pun'ing
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mi   Gil 11 t, and rejected
Mi   RECD next addressed the House in oppo
sition to the motion to íecomu it the bill   He s iw
no necessity for it     Tt wis aheady sufficiently
understood foi the action of the House, and foi
all putposes of amendment     The nipoi an e of,
and the gieat and stming inteiest e\tited by the
bill, hid been dwelt upon by the gcnttUfnan fiom
Vnginia [Mi   Allen] with gieat coolness and
modeiation, and he might say, apathy     1 li it I
gentleman   h id  appealed  to  many voluminous
authouties, and among the lest the Blue Book, to
pi ove the piestnt pay ot  the Navy equal to that
of tin   Aim}      He   had been   collected by tin
gentleman fiom Pennsylvann on his n 'lit, [Mi
Watmoogh,]  beit   the  sime   aigummt was íe
peated     Th itgenth man had also said, that most
of the heiois of the hti  wai, who a Intv d our
ntval viciones, weie diad     No, sn, (said Mi
R ,) the gifatei  put of thosi   biave men who
" plucked up diowned honois fiom the detp"foi
us, die still living, and otlurs, as galhnt as they,
aie ready to imitate the deeds ot noble titling of
then  piedecessois     Mi    R  said he   nivel   had
wislu d to sic a eompanson bi tweeu the officei
ot the Army and Navy     It seived but to sundei
tin   ties which ovei   had, and evei   shou d bind
them tog tin i     Bit, if such a eompnison must
be  mule, the  sei vices and  pay  ot   each would
ei itainly show   no   uhantage  possessed by the
Naiy
Hi had been suipnsr d to heai thi gentleman
[Mi An tn] spi ak of a three yeais' ciuis asa
men jumt ot pleasuii—ausit to some wat ung
plait It was a great haidship foi some gentle
men lo have tluu I in ilit s foi six months, foi
muchgiiitii omf nsition He believed th ic
w is nit i gentleman on th it (loot who would
tike the lltr e yeais' toui md duty ot the ofiicc i
of the ^ ivy f n doubli the compensation pio
pos< d He next tdvcited to what was denom
mated the pensi in fund, and justifl d this part
of the bill But, (said Mr R ,) if the m tjouty
think pmpei, let it be reacted, he would stilt
suppott the bill, fu the othei good itcontunid
The gentil m in fiom l\iwYoik[Mi M t\u] h id
tin i atemd them with tin ballot box Hi hoped
gi nth men would do then duty without such ft us
befoii then eyes, leaving the cons quencis with
their constituí nts 'í hos wnoiow d and looked
back weie in daiuei of upset ing the boat I hat
genthman had next atticked the title of the bill
f hough ho acknowl dges " a lose by am othn
nami would smell is swict," yet ms ihulnib to
him Sn,the faul'is m his taste Mr R said
he thought the title a teiy piopei one
After some tmthei re maiks, Mi R contendí d
foi the justice of advancing the pay. of navil
officeis, on the giound that all othei o flic is of
the Government had leceived an exception of
p ly 1 he heads of Departments—the Postm is-
tei Geneial—the custom houst. officers—oui hoi
oiable selves—all, all have been advanc no- ivith
the giowth of the countiy and its business, ex
cepting the naval officers, who have lemained
stationaiy for foity yeais    The gentleman [Mi
Maui.] had made a eompanson between the pay
of subordinate officers in our Navy and m that
of Gieat Biitam and Fiance Sn, (said Mi R )
oui under officeis aie supenoi to those of any
othei n Uion, in all then capacities, and deseive a
coirespondingly higher compensation If the
gentle m in ceally felt such stiong Republic in im
pulses, let him show it by suppoitmg the lights
and litcicsls of these commoiieis end woiking
mi n of the Na\y But th gentlemen a¡ peared
to be opposi d to all things—to the Aimy, the
IN ivy, the Blue Book, all a'lowanees, and ill s il
anís S i, l íeally ftai Ins zeal and Ins íespect
foi the bahot boxi s hwe enliiely misled his
j u'gmint Iiom mmy positions tiken by gen
tlctmn, Mi R wis nnlined to feai tnat the bill
had, in r> i ly points, been mis ppiehcnded, and
if so, it might be in cess ny to ¡i iv< it it commit
ted This lemained with the House to deteimine
Foi his own pait, he was content w th it as it
stood
Mi R said Icwastiulj fnendlyto oui '■alian*
Navy It had been denominan, d an a m of our
national detense lie would tike leave to pro
nounci it the?¡«ftf aim Oui countiy was one
win h must, fiom its lo"atioi , oc def nd d by
wooden walls We w íe not in (oat of mías on
by land— ill attacks mast come fiom the se i and
tl ough wcueie happily it p tee now with all
the wond, yet the s ime nassions of tile human
bieast, which have h icotiie piodu^ed whs,
still existed,— md while thev did exist, a st Ue
of piepir it on foi its e n i tg i eies was the sin est
way of pieseivingthe blcssm^sof pe ice Should
wai be oui fete, (said Mi R ) how important
will a stiong n ival aimament b foi ou di tense,
but if oui countiy should continue to piospei
undei the benign influx n eof pi ace, tin expinscs
of its suppoit will uevei bi felt noi mnimurcd at
by a giatiful   md  h ippj   peop         Mi   R   next
dwelt on the lmpoilmce of oui Navy m time of
peace, in the protection of oui eominii e , the ch is
tisement of pintes, and seeming to oui countiy-
men the tiade of disttnt islands A lothi i aigu-
ment foi the incnase of thi se salines, was the
gieat unceitainty and taidmtss o*" piomotion
Out In ntt.ii mts might spend long Ines m toilsome
and d mgenus seivice, and yet how veiy few
could ivei attain a highei lank Hi conrludid
by a fuithi i den nse ot th apj i ipil ilion ot thiee
pi i eint out of the pi) loi tin sunpoitof the
iclatives of th    pel sons eubiged in the st t \ ice
Mi    J VRVÍ6 oñeied   an amendment    which
was íe id by the Ch lk
Air J sud he pior ssed a fnendship foi the
N iw but he ti usted it wis m tnl^h'ened and
judicious one lie wish d to s e some advance
in the pay of naval orhceis but he thought some
of the piovisions ot tins bill went beyond all
reason If passed, he believed it would tend to
íendei that impoitant aim of the national defense
unpopuhi with the people—with whom it had
ilways, up to tins d iv, bu n exliemt ly populir
He isked how then constituents w ould manage
this thing, it it were pi iced due ctly m their ow n
hands? Most membeis of Gongirss had also
belonged to their sevei i! Stati Legislt mes
Theie w \s not a State judicial office w i til a saltiy
highei thin $2,000 The Govemoiscf fivebta ca
leteivi d but s,i,000 pel annum — fi\ >¡,1,500—and
five moic not exceeding ¡$2,0JU He could only
attnbutc the hbei ihty of Congiess on these oc
e isions to the zig z tg manner in which the ex
pi nse was defi tyed In the collection of State
txxeo the tix gathe ti i meets you at your dooi,
face to tice, but not so with a tax coilectoi
thiough the customs Mi J said he w ould \en
tine to as it, that if these salanes wei to le
laised by dmct fixation, not one mi mbei on
that flooi would recoid his vote f >i tins bill, un-
less he cxpeeted to va^ it his s at on that flooi
at th el ise of the session The mcieasc pioposed
wis mote thin suiiicient to tin i the whole ex-
penses of ear h of tin ee fouitl s of the Stites, and
moic tl in the avirage of that ot the whole of
them Mi J here went into an exam nation af
the mércese pioposed to the salai y of e n h ofti
ct i He said it was alai tiling it seemed like a
dcteimmation to tap the bait of the Tieasuiy at
both ends, and knoi k out the bung holt
A.f o   sime  fiuthei  lemaiks fiom  Mr  J   it1
suppoit of his amendment,
Mr CROCKETT said he did not know how the
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
znt*enmKo&&
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR & RIVES,
Second Session, 23d Congress.                           '               MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1835.
Volume 2....No. 7.
motion lie was about to make would be received
by the House, but his object was to come to a
determination on this subject, someway or other.
The House had already spent two weeks on this
bill,and, to all appearances, were likely to spend
two or three more, unless some final stop was put
to it. In the mean time, there was much important
private business on the table, and among it some
that greatly concerned his constituents. He there-
fore called for the previous question.
The motion for the previous question was lost.
Mr WISE expressed a desire to address the
House; but, as the day was somewhat advanced,
he moved to adjourn.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. WISE said: Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the amendments proposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Pope,] and would sustain
them, if I thought wo could go into committee
with safety to this bill. But believing that the
motion to recommit will be used, not by the
gentleman himself, however, to defeat this bill
entirely, I shall oppose the recommitment, and
support the bill as it is, rather than endanger
its passage by attempting to amend its minor
defects.
My colleague [Mr. Allen] who addressed the
* House the other day in opposition to this bill,
distrusted all legislation which appeals to preju-
dice or passion—to feelings of national pride or
glory; to neither of which does this bill appeal
so much as to an enlightened sense of national
justice and policy and individual right, founded
solely on the just law, that "the laborer is
worthy of his hire," and that* the faithful servant
who labors much, risks much, is responsible for
much, and deprived of much, in important pub-
lic service, should be adequately paid in propor-
tion to his labor, his risk, his responsibility, and
his privation.
Sir, I fear there was no necessity to awaken
distrust against this proposed increase of the pay
of the Navy There was no manner of danger
that this House was about to be carried away by
any intemperate zeal—by any passion or preju-
dice, or by any feeling of national pride and glory
for the Navy
Far, far from there having been too much feel-
ing for this class of public officers—there has
always been a total want of feeling or interest in
their behalf. They have repeatedly come, and
you have as repeatedly sent them away empty;
they have cried, and you have heeded not their
petitions. They have knocked, and the Treasury
has been closed against them; and this, too, when
others have come, and you have loaded them
with gold—when others have but whispered, and
you have nodded your assent—when others have
taken the key? and opened the door without
knocking, and you have turned away your heads
from the robbery of the Treasury, to keep from
being States' evidence ! The Army pay has
been increased; the Secretaries ha*c been made
courtiei s; their clerks,like candles, are yearly new
dipped; one Department has learned to take the
public money without asking, and you have made
all extra appropriations asked for besides—have
put your own hands pretty deeply into the pub-
lic purse, and the very messengers, footmen,
" Columbia's white slaves" of you all are richly
larded with the very drippings of extravagant ex-
penditures of the public money.
And look at the Navy pay-list! The very same
it was in the time of Paul Jones, and the only
pay-list of any branch of your service not stained
with wastefulness, but pale and meager with de-
grading parsimony. And now, forsooth, you are
told not to let a sense of national pride and glory
carry you away, in the midst of all this scene of
extravagance on other subjects, in preventing the
elbows of your captains from peeping through
their coat-sleeves on the quarter-decks of your
proudest shife on foreign stations! Sir, i do
invoke the national honor and pride to remove
injustice, to preserve something like equality of
pay amongst all public servants, according to
their duties and responsibilities     No one need
invoke the glorious achievements of your Navy,
which has prpved to be one of the most faithful
public servants, to increase the pay of its officers
for the purpose of gratifying pride merely, when
your present Secretary of the Navy reports that
their pay " is altogether inadequate to an honorable
discharge of their duties." Yes, sir, " to an Hon-
orable discharge of their duties;" and when, too,
your own committees have reported it to be " de-
gradinghj low."
It is with these reports and this evidence, they
approach you, saying, proving that the-inade-
quacy of their compensation is killing to their
spirit, their pride, their honor, and common hon-
esty, weakening to the Navy's strength, injurious
and destructive to the public interest, by degrading
and corrupting the country's fighting men. It
is upon these topics of justice and interest, and
not of glory, though of national honor and pride
as connected with justice and interest, that I mean
to speak; though I cannot see the unfcirness of a
good and faithful servant's pointing to his well-
doings, when he comes to ask justice at the hands
of those whom he has nobly served, especially if
he has been more than thrice ungratefully refused
his just due. He should be paid in some gam, and
not all in glory; and, if in seeking his due, he
should happen to speak of his deeds, his solid ar-
gumentofinadequatecompensation should hardly
be impaired in our minds by his stirring up the
recollections of his past glorious services to the
country.
Sir, I wish to present some facts to the House.
The gross amount of the present pay of the com-
mission and warrant officers provided for in the
bill is, in round numbers............. .§770,000
The select committee first propose an in-
crease of..................5UC,000
By its second report it proposed
an additional increase of-----    84,000
All the amendments m the Com-
mittee of the Whole and in
the House have increased the
_ pay....................
Making the whole increase..
G,000
206,000
The gross amount of pay as proposed
by this bill........................#976,000
Relying, then, upon the reports of the Depart-
ment and of the committee, that there should be
some increase, the sole question is, whether this
amount uf increase is too much ?
The present pay of the Navy was fixed in the
eighteenth century. The changes since then have
been great in every point of view. Though arti-
cles of family and personal consumption are
perhaps lower now than then, yet the wants of
men have multiplied in a quadruple ratio. Re-
spectable living is much higher to the officers.
What was respectable living then is mean now,
to almost every grade and class of society.
The Navy itself has greatly increased, and its
duties multiplied; the responsibilities of its ser-
vice much more onerous than formerly; the living
of officers, their duties and responsibilities then
being to the living of the officers, their duties and
responsibilities now, as a ship of war then would
be to a hne-of-battle ship now.
The present pay is said to be " degradingly
low." I should think, then, that the sum of
$20,000 was no very great increase to raise the
pay of so many officers and men from sucha
condition to that of a respectable footing. This
sum appears reasonable to mo, especially when
the whole list, with its increase, will gain by
comparison with that of any other branch of ser-
vice. And if the increase of pay is not in the
aggregate too much, there is no reason for re-
committing this bill on account of its form.
The officers of every grade more generally unite
in approving the pay proposed, and its distribu-
tion, and are better satisfied with what they call
the "symmetry" of this bill than with that of any
other ever proposed. For this I have the authority
of respectable officers of every grade.    And the
mam object of this bill is not only to increase
and regulate, but to equalize the pay of the offi-
cers—not to equalize the pay of the Army and
Navy, but to equalize the pay of the Navy by
itself. It was found wholly impracticable to com-
pare the pay of the Army with that of the Navy
There can be no assimilation of the pay of the
two, because there does not and cannot exist
any relation whatever of grades and duties be-
tween them, except by the mere arbitrary regu-
lation of the two Departments, for the idle pur-
poses of etiquet.
There are and must be more numerous grades
in the Army than in the Navy. And the duties
of a sailor to those of a soldier can no more be
assimilated than the fishes of the sea to the birds
and beasts of dry land. But as a comparison was
instituted by my colleague, I must beg leave to
set him right as to certain errors of which he was
guilty, both as to the pay of the officers of the
Army, and as .to the relative pay of Army and
Navy.    By regulation of the Departments alone,
Commodores rank with brigadier generals;
Captains with colonels; _
Masters commandant with maj,ors;
Lieutenants with captains.
Now, sir, my colleague, Tsery honestly no
doubt, but very unjustly to the Navy, took the
pay of thirty-six captains of the Navy, (a com-
modore is nothing more than a captain,) and
compared its gross amount with thatof one major
general, two brigadier generals, and the colonels
of the Army. The balance was large, of course,
ag-ainst the Navy, but, sir, it was a false balance.
There is no grade of the Navy as high, or cor-
responding with that of major general. Below
him, to the rank of captain' in the Army, with
whom a lieutenant of the Navy ranks, there is a
most numerous list of superior officers, all rank-
ing higher by brevet than their nominal grades,
and some of them receiving the brevet pay.
In the Navy, the highest rank is that of cap-
tain. There is no topmast higher to which a
sailor may climb. Here promotion in the Navy
is dammed up; and the number of this rank is,
of course, comparatively much greater than that
of the corresponding rank in the Army. But as
the first grade of the Navy ranks with brigadier
generals and colonels, and the second grade with
majors, we must compare the pay of the Navy
captains with that of all the officers of the Army,
from major generals down to majors, with whom
masters commandant rank. How stands the
comparison then?
From major general to majors, according to
the report of the Secretary o'f War, there are
thirty-eight generals and colonels and lieutenant
colonels, as offsets to the thirty-six captains of
the Navy.    How stands their relative pay?
Sir, I will not touch that Blue Book, alie upon
the calendar. I refer you, sir, to Adjutant Gen-
eral Jones's report to Congress in 1833-'33. He
makes the statement of the Army pay, under the
present law:
Rank.                                 Total pay per year.
1,512 64
"4,422 32
2,941 32
2,372 32
2,106 32
Major genera)..............
Brigadier general.....•.......
Colonel...................
Lieutenant colonel..........
Majors....................
This table, with the notes, will enableus to
ascertain very nearly what the Army pay is.    _
" Note.—Officers are required to keep their
1 servants and horses, to entitle them to their
' allowance."                                                       ,
" Double rations are allowed to officers when
' commanding separate posts, and are to be added
' to the above in such cases."
" Fuel and quarters are allowed by regulations,
' and paid through the Qurtcrmaitev-'s department,
' andaré not included in this table."
The subsistence or rations of a Major General
per year amount to $1,095.
Double rations......................® '¿hn
House rent (fuel not included) about..     suu
Double rations and rent.............£líS_
106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
Excluding fuel rnd "taking only single íations,
the pay of majoi geneial is.........$8,607 64
A bngad.ei geneial's pay at a sépa-
nte":) ost, allowing 56OÚ for house lent
an 1 cxelusiveoffucl,is..........5,898 32
A colonel's pay at a sepai ate post, al-
lowing $400 foi quaitus, exclusive
of fuJ.is.....................*,379 32
A hcutenant colonel's pay , at a sepa-
late pos-., §,350 for quarters, exclus.ve
of fu. 1, &,c , k...............6,806 32
A mijous undei «ame citcumstanoes,
allowing s¡>300 for lent, is.........2,698 32
But this is not the wopst ot  t     Nearly all of
these giadts, and many of the cap'ams, have sep-
aiate pos s     Bes des, the bugadier generals aie
ma]or  generals—the colonels,   bngadieis—the
lieutenant colonels, colonels.—and the majors are
lieutenant colons It, by bievt
Tl eteaie not less thanji e officers in the Aimy,
who receive the pay of majoi geneials.
Then pay and emoluments,.........$44,038 20
The pay and emoluments of five com
modoies, commanding squadions on
loieign station, is  ..............34,700 00
Balance in fa\ot ofAimy..........^21>,3óS 20
There aie now but/am ciptains of the Navy
commanding squ tdions, called commanding by
couuesy, who  each   lecuve,  white en,ployed as
such, $,100 pei month............+,1,200 00
IS   auo is per diem, at 2"> ci ius......1,400 00
Allovvance for cabin fuuuiuic........   JUO 00
Pel annum.................«¡,2,910 00
Majoi general's jiay per yeai        .....8,807 04
Balance m favoi of major general____   4>,867 64
Bngadier generil's pay and emoluments, includ-
ing fuel, at $,150..............¡,6,048 33
Captain ot die Navy, comiiiuininig a ¡hip
of the Une.......................2,1 uO 00
Balancemfavor of bngadioi genual.. .^3,888 32
All the bngadieis in the Auny leceive the pay
of major gi neials, and neatly , it not quite all the
colonels ícceive  bngadiei's ply, while the sea-!
pay of a captain ot the Navy, with all his allow   I
anees, is, per yi at.................y!,160
Shoiepay..........................1,9 JO
Mastci   commindant sea piy, unit cabin
furniture.........................1,350
Shoiepay..........................1,170
Lieutenants   .........................   960
Sir, theie may be some slight enots in this
statement as to Aimy pay uul e uolimients,foi it
seems theic is no othci w ly to son tun them
but by summoning yout Adjutintand Paymasitr
Generals to answei on oath what each and c\e> y
grade of the Ai my < an ri ii ivi undei all tl e dit-
faent heads of su vice But this mryoesafdy
stated as a most favotable companion to the
Army
1   majoi general, at................f,8,607 64
2   buguhei geneials, at.........11,796 64
35 othcrgemralofiiccis, colonels and
Ueuti nant    colonels,     it    ¡¿,3,000
each.........................115,000 00
38
P3..104 2S
The thuty-six captains of the Navy, as they
aie now employed, accoidm0 to the S trctaiy of
the Navy'siepoit.icccive in piyaniUubustance, !
tor
8  conimanlmg................   $18,360 00
9  at na.y yaids   ..............    31.340 75
lu waiting oideis.............   30,780 00
1   on oidoamc duty  ..........      1,930 00
2   on í ulough................       1,200 00
36
§b3,610 75
Excess of pay, etc , to Aimy.....£¡51,793 53
The ba'ance m favoi of the Navy, accoi ding to
the present pay, is mo c than one third
What does thu, bul J ropjsc, aceoiJ¿ng to the
same set vice>
8  captains commanding...........$36,000 00
9  captains at navy-yards........... 40,500 00
1 captain on othci duty..........    3,750 00
18 captains waiting ordeis.......... 54,000 00
$134,250 00
Lea\,ng an excess still m fa\or of the
Army of........................ 01,154 28
Sir, this is nearer an equalization of the pay of
Navy and Aimy thangciitlcmi n thought, though
it does not bung the Navy up to tin Aimystand-
ard yet, foi, besides tltcsi tin ty eight officers of
the Aimy enumiiated, theie aie quaiteimasters,
commissaiiesandpaymastcis,numbenngtwenty,
whose pay ou¿ht lo be in addition to that of the
thirty-eight oiKctted against the pay of tne tnirty
six captains of the Navy
The,masters commandant lank with majois,
twenty-two in numbei, and the lieutenants íanlc
only with captains, one hundred and thirty six
in numbu. v hen the fust hi utenants hold the
samo lelation to a tugite and < low that a lieu-
tenant co'onel hoids to a legiment, the heutenant
colonels having no sépame responsibilities what-
ever
Siijit is measm ng by comparison the long
with the shoit, mil you must allow the lines of
compxn&on to i díate It this mió be attended
to, md it cannot be ncglei ted w thouf i ijust ce to
the Navy, voucAinot bat dceidc that the Vimy,
without lug he i lcspousioilitiesor lank, oi gieatei
laboi,oi lmie cicliois duties, has gieatly, oit
of a'l icasoii, the advantage of pay and emolu-
ment!, oi< i the Na\y
Ihetouil numbei oí í'ie Aimy, officers
and men, is   ....................       7,198
Oi the Navy.....................        7,355
Numbei m the Navy ovei the Aimy..
157
The n ly of the Ai my is—
In the qui'i lid istei s department .. $613,000
lu the cngmcci 's deputment....,.. 1,004,000
In the paymastei 's tlepaitment ____1,514,000
Total m these thiee departments    .   . ^3,131,000
Pty and subsistence of the. officeis and
seamen of the Navy..............1,505,125
Excess of the cost of the Aimy.......1,62>,S74
I h ivo i lcludcd the thiee depattments of piy
m fuel, i ng nt i, md quai ti i n is ei, m this esti
miti of the Auny, because there aie so many
conLngcncici of piy to tin oihecis of the Aim/
which die nevi i íeíoitid m thcjr pay piopti
But, is fat is I am on Med to |ud"c, and fiom
the special companions T have already made, the
Aimy is paid it hist i tuid mote than the Navy,
though i In Intuí has th gie itest numbei of men
in us scimci foti inge , then, strange u deed,
tint my colli igut should lave found so many
apologies fo, tne pay ¡n d adowaiu.es of ¡.hcJlimy,
and th it hi i ould not hmi it m his conscience oi
his uithmetic to sappoit this bill' Yes, su, to
justify cv n the cii/ii fOmpens I'.on beyond the
nchpiy piopei f'hc*? mi/, my o il'engue enteied
into m enu m . un l of the haidsh ps of its ser-
vice, and went so f u out of h s way as to station
in olhcci on yom western fiontn i. Now, si , 1
put it to t'ti cai doi of evciy gentleman at a'l
icqnauUcd u th s ¡ii iufi to say whtthei th"
hatdships, cxposuie prnations, and danges of
the Navy aie not mich grcafc , in turn ot peace
oi Wat, than those of the Army' Indeed, sn,
theu ibvuylittli thili íence in the seivne of the
¡Navy in pe ice aid wai The sxilor, when he
ieavi s hi  oMt, bound for a foieign station, to
pioteet your coraimice m t.me of peace, is sti'I
in a floating piison, is in uar, when the oflieeis
of yom Aimy, on the fmthest fiontier, mav yet
have Ins wife, cluldien, dud fuends aiound him,
and those who aie sta loned on your Atlantic
posts may, marncd oi single, enjoy ail the achghls
of the soticty of ladies, ude t'u ce a week fox
hunting, oi come as plr-tsuie wills, to these cil
lenes, to be edifiel by youi sage debates \Vars
and rumots of wats among nations change not
the order of n ituu , cnbit ci no mote the elements
than in peace, lash no more the waves, pioject
ro mote the shoals, tnreatcn no mote the ship-
wieck, wind and «nie aie ever at etrne when
man is atpeace with ii sfeliow-man.forthe winds
aie the bieath of the Alniglny'—the pestilence
and the hnrncane of pintical seas arc still the
same to the maimer, and those " hostis humani
gene) it " the puates, eiei tuin tl en guns against
j eveiy ship oí the ocean
1 My colleague says, vcmv, that if you pass this
inctease of pay fot the Navy, Hit ojjiceis oj tne
Jii nuj v i I be dissa/i'ficd ' Su , w ne 11 igl ,. or cause
hale they to be dissatisfied after the facts I have
shown, unless they aie disposed as the dog 11 the
mangel > This little, mean, ungeneious jealousy
bctweendiffeientcoips,between Navyanu Aimv,
officeis and nen—this disposition to gi asp all,
instead of to piovide fanly foi all, has pioved
the fatal cause of defeat to every bill intended to
benefit the Aimy and Navy, which has ever
failed I fully undtistand this opposition fiom
the Aimy The fir^t protwitmn of tins bill was
to equalize the pay of the Aimv with that of the
Navy To do this, there was at first an attempt
to laiae the N"iy p^iy, and to reduce the Aimy
pay to a medium between them, as at picsent
This caused a tiemblin  in the camp To avoid
a small reduction to itself, the Aimy has violently
opposed a sma'l ineiease to the Navy But, sir,
n was foi nd impiacticable to equalize the pay of
the Aimy and Navy—the Aimy has been let
alone, pel muted to hold on to all it has got, and
the jnoposition now is singlv to met ease reason-
ably the pey of the Navy Why should the Army
still continue its opposition ? It i^ tíngeneious,
and a h tie ladicahsm may yet t"ach the officeis
of the Aimy to lcpcnt of their pi esent opposition
to this bill, in and out of doois The officeis of
the Navy aie now, dcseivedly enough, taught a
lesson of justice and fairness o i their part, by
sone of the mirine corps That coips had a bill
oeroie Congiess last w intei, winch 1 suppoited
with all my heait, and which was opposed by
the naval ofiiceis with all then heaits They aie
now paid in the i tain, sir, and butfot my fuend-
slun to t'ns bill, I would not bo sony foi it.
Pi!, both Aimy and Navy ought to be taught
a lesson on this subject, by an honored old sol-
dici,mad< geneious and noble by seeing actual
seivtce The \iews of my fnend, the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mi Johntson,] the
soldici and patriot I mean, aie the coriect views
on this subject Theie ought to be no invidious
companion diawn between Aimy and Navy.
Each has fought, nobly fought, its own battles
on the land and ocean, and each shou'd now fight
only fot itself, and not agamst the othei. I, for
one, am so fai a fuend to both, as to be willing
to put them and íetain them upon a respect-
able footing But why did my colleague not ad-
ven to that extia\a?ant appendage to the Aimy,
the institution at West Point? Why did he or
the gentleman fiom Maine [Mr Jarvis] not tell
us how many State governments like Rhode Isl-
and or Delawaie the expenses of that academy
would suppoit' Why did they not advert to the
engineei depattment of the Aimy, alone costing
i the Gavcriimi nt mote than tne whole pay of this
bill—the íound sum of one imtlwn fruí thousand
dallen spei an urn' That sir, is an engineer de-
putment aid my colleague happens to come
fion th it section of Vngmia which is made con-
\eit to the doctime of i ltemal impiovements by
the want of iffads at d canals tnrough mountains
and valleys of mud and limestone io*ck'
But of wnat use will his loads and canals be,
foi waroi commeice, withouta navy to command
lespietlo out 11 ig ujooii the high seas, aricl to
]>u vent hostile aggiessino upon our shoieS3
Roids and canals, for national objeeti I mean, but
mak the way clcr for ¿n enemy, when he has
once landi d, without an oppos ng Navy And
j without a Nav y to proti n yeui commerce—ay,
that comn ice which floitt. the vast pioduct of
all the countrj , all your valleys and hills, of the
woild of the Mississippi valley, fiom its head
Isnunes to the mou'h ot the great Father of
Watcis—wnat will become of your cxpoiting
cities, and, consequently, of youi internal traf'e
depending upon their couimeicial prosperity ai d
piotect'on > ' What wo ¡Id be the cast of naviga-
tion, thi puce of msuiance on expoitation ' The
Na\y subsanes the mtenoi, even moie than it
does the «ti boanl,jnst in pioport.oías the whole
countiy is a gieatei mteii st than its coast In the
la-iguage oi our piesent Secietaiy, the Na/yis
vitally important and indispensable, " whether
' in defendrng our propeity on the ocean from
1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   107
* p lates ot open enemies, our shores from hostile
' aggiceeion, or oui flag fiora insult " And, sir,
such arguments as weie used by my colleague in
leluion to what the exponte of a Navy would
effect, if applied to other purposes, go oily to
st ike tne flag of the Navv itself What better
ob]tct of reasonableexpenditure, liberal expendí
ture, can there be, than a Navy, for a country
like this' Sir, there was a time when such argu
ments availed, and such a cpiestion was asked in
doubt, but it is too late at this time of day to
decry the Navy by magnifying its expenditure,
wl en it has fought its \va) to honor, respect, and
populaiity, has become its own piacfical aigu
ment, and when, too, we aie on the very'eve of a
threatened naval wai with one of the stiongest
mautime Powers of the woild One million of
dolíais is a gieat sum, indeed, foi a country as
ncli in ícsources as this, about celehiatii g the
payment of its national debt, too, to support your
entire list of supenoi and inferior naval officers,
to contend and cope with the Navy of Trince1
Sn, my colleague did hopo that this nation
would wake up from what he calls this dream of
militaiy gloiy For my pait, sir, I nevei was
in such a drtam But, if he has been in such a
trance, to what has he awakened5 A. gun boat
system * Paidon me for saying, if the country
is to be awakened to that dieam, I hope she may
sleep on But I hope, si, that the nation will
not go to sleep, and forget that golden i ule of
national safety, " m peace to picpaie for war "
And if we do not pass this bill, and a naval wai
with a stiong maritime Powei shdl come, as it
is imminently thieatened, I trust in God thatoui
seamen may not have to viake up in foreign dun
geons and puson ships, fioma dieam of national
glo-iy once won by youi Nwy, to scenes of naval
defeat and national moitification and humiliation,
caused by weakn ss in this ' light aim of oui
defense," foi the want of a oountiful nourish
ment, to be charged in pait to a false economy,
and in pait to a still existing enmity to oui
isavy, which I had thought was obsolete, and
which I pray may now be defeated and buneu
forevei
Sir, my colleague objects to the reason  as
signed   by the bccietary of the  INavy for this
ine ease of pay     Seeming to forget what  the
Secretary  says about   the   compensation  being
inadequate " foi an honorable dischaige of duty,"
the gentleman looics only to the íeason of ena
bling our captains to compete in extravagance
with the admirals of other nations while on foi
eign stations     No, sn, although the admirals of
foieign ships will not at piesent íeturn gun for gun
to your salutes—and if ever one of oui captains
returns an unequal salute, I will do all in my
power to have him bioke—all your Is avy asks of
the people is, as tar as is consistent with repub
hean simplicity and cconomv, to v due and puze
the 'aboi, gallantly, and blood of American offi
cera and seamen as high as that of jaercenaiy
hirelings  is  pnzed   by monaichs ana   despots
My colleague asks what effect this mciease of
pay  will  have  upon   oui   officeis   themselves?
buange question1    Why, sn, it will neive   it
will sticngthen, it wi'l biace,it will inspire them
with  new  couiage1    It  will assuie them  they
have a countiy which sets a v ilue on them    See '
a shipot the Unttedbtates maneuvciiilgfoi action
■v nil anothei  Gueincie'    Topsails aie aback—
behold  them '    Is  not the blood of that captain
stinding on  your quaitei deck as iich, as pie
cious, as  the blood of yonder  admiral,  gilded
with   stais  and giiteis?    Wheie   youi   captain
gets thousands of dollars, tint admnal is paid in
thousand  of pounds stilling and the i ite of pay
is so down fi om admirals and captains to powdei
monkeys'    The bioadside is filed—
\aril arm  and said aim  meet,
Cannon ' m utll  each oilier greet "
She stnKes1—which  If that American " star
ai d stupe" comes, down, honors and promotion,
pensions and places await the English cruw ' It
the "Royü Geoigc," the Ameucan crew are
grudged their prize money' And captain once,
ilways a captain' Yes, sir, my colleague and
the gentleman fiom New York {Mr M«.x] both
daied—dated, I say, in the face of all knowledge
to the contraiy, to compare the pay of the Amei-
íctn Navy with that of the English Ihe Eng-
lish '
• "i. h"y w int their porridge and their iat buff beev cs,
I itlir r th< j nu t lie diete 1 like mules,
And have t*ie r provender tied to then month?
Or, piteou  they vv 11 look like drowned mice "
Such was then charactei m the days of John
Talbot, and they have  not lost it to this dav
The nominal pay of the English navy is like that
of our Army, mucn less than the real, which is
right hard to get at     Besides fifty per cent  in
allowances, then  pay is enormous in piovisions
alone     They have not, like our sutlei and pur   I
veying officers, to lay in their own food fiom a '
scanty pay and  iation, md then own blue cups ,
and porringers to be broken by eveiy lee luieh ¡
of a ship                                                                       I
My colleague next urges, that the officers wl o i
are now to be benefited by this muease of pay,
are not those who achieved the victoncs and ac
quned the glory of youi Navv      11ns is an un
kind cut, indeed'    Lut, sir, my colleague would
nothavemade this assei Hon, as far vv long as ill
his other facts, if he had made the acquaintance j
of our  piesent naval   officeis      Though  many j
happen not to hive shared the f«ne, yet th y aie
nearlyall the very men who msuboidinategiades I
du ing the war, achieved thevictones     P subs
the commanders now living who weie successful
then, the  men now commanding aie the very
naval hcioes who fought undei the flags of youi
Hulls, Deeaturs, Pen y s, Lawrences, Bambi luges,
Biddies—
" Vdluut ant1 virtuous full of hauglitv couiage,
íi i h as    e s tri o in to cí edit by thi r ma
Not feanng dea h  noi shrink n<x lor di tre
Lut always re oltite in mo t evtretnes '
And I do not fear to pledge myself, that of
them who did not fight dining the last war, there
will not be wanting those to acqune a fame in
arms, and those to ledeen by deeds of noble
danng, as by piesent woitn and science, fiom
obloqay and lepioach, a ch nacter once and now
aspeised by ma'evolent and undescivcd per°ecu
tion
But, Mi   Speaker, this Congiess does not seem
veiy ' glonod ly" affected towa ds the  old tais
who conf ssedly did liteially bad youi ships to
action     Duiing the wai,  vhen—
' The Guerncre fn Ue bol
On the foamins oce m lolled
And at the close of the v/ai, when nava1
triumphs weie celebiated evei} wheie, the Navy
was eveiythmg, but it seems that our lemem
biance of its achievements has passed with the
forgetfulness of our dangers, and theieare none,
evenheie, so poor as to do that old sea dog, Isaac
Hull, common justice, much less reveience ' You
insultingly turned him out of doors the oJiei day,
for piesenting a just demand, and the gloiy of
your INavy must not now be named m askmgfoi
it but common ]ustice, long delayed ' Verily,
sn, I begin to believe—and it is ahaid lesson to
be taught a young man—that
O! r} 1* like acinic m llie in ei,
VV Inch nevei eea all to enli gc it c f
'lili, by broad spreading it di p l e to rau^llt "
My colleag le lastly attacked, as he attacked
everything m this bill, the last—the thiee per
cent clause Sn, my othei colleague fiom Vn
gima, [Mi M\sox,] on aio'her occisión, the
other day, said every tin lg which could o, cm
be said 11 defense of this featuie of the bill and
I will only idd inv dccki ition to his, lesu'tmg
conc'usive'y fiom his explaiation and aigu ncnt,
tl at theie is not the semblance ot a pen ion s/s
ten in this piovision As the offictis themselves
desne it, and it will be a fund pioceeding fiom
their own pay, to which tne attnbute and sane
tion of law meuly wi 1 be aided, I do not ob]cct
to it, though I do as stiongly as any object to a
pension system
Having followed to the end of the chaptei the
objections of my colleague to this bill, I beg
leave to offel some li-comniuidatio is o it which
he did not touch and at the same time to ai sv ei
some objections made Ly the gentleman lion
Aevv York, [Mi   Mvw ]
This bill abolishes tl e sys'em of ex n paj for
special sei vices, and the system of ahowaices,
leaving a few, in ceitain cases necessary, but
heiem specific This at once dcpnves the "Navy
Dcpaittient of that odious power of imposition
m some cases, and of favont smin otheis, which,
1 am ciedibly informed, has been too often giesslv
and conuptly abused Thcie ,s i othmg moic
impoitant, in my estimation, Mi   Speaker, than
so to fix and establish bylaw the pay and the du-
t es of youi Army and Navy, as to effectually
deprive the Executive Departments of all unne-
cessary contiol over eithei Under the piesent
syHem. of allowances by i egulation, maintained in no
other w ay than by the shamefully large and neg-
ligent appropintions by Congress to contingen-
cia, the Executive contiol and power of patronage
ovei the Aimyand Navy is increased without
limit, and without lesponsibihty Both Army
and Navy aie perfectly at the will and mercy of
the Executive, uc made to feel constantly the
powei ot that branch of tht Government by the
pui se sti mgs and by i emov al, and have long since
ceased to feci any dependence whatever upon
Congiess                                   
Sn, I 1 aveo^ten heaid the truth,and perfectly
accoid with it, that the libfitics of no people
weie ovei dc tnyed by a militaiy leadei until
coiiuption had fiist cankered the vitals of the
State, and thus by debilitating the whole sys
torn, made it an easy piey foi nihtnry despotism
And I will aJd, with íespsct to the futuie des-
tinies of th s ccuntry, that its liberties will for-
ever be prtseived inviolate, as long as the íepie-
sen tali ves of llie people and the officii s ofthe Jlrmy
and J\aoy of tin United States aie kept puie,
enli^hl ned, vu uous, md patnotic, and they will
eiei be so, as Ion* as th°y aie kept tndcpendenl anil
jiee f om the i ijlucncc of the Tedcial Executive, and
no longei I do, theiefoio, feivently desne this
House to adopt the wise policy of making out
whole militaiy establishment feel that it is paid,
and hbenlly paid, by the i epi esentatwes of the peo-
ple and then I fiimly believe, if we ourselves are
true, and we continue tl is policy, theic never can
be dangci fiom a bnbed and conupt soldiery,
su tuned, as well as appointed bj executivefavoi
Nothing ctn be nunc dispniting to the biaveand
pioud com nandcrs of youi fleets and ainues,
than tne necessity of a * cling and "coinfíiig""
foi tic i lights but as suie as " man is man,"
wheie ' thuft follows fiwnmg," the spintofthe
p oudest aid biavest will fly to their necessities,
niid a couit le^eai veill
" f roo   t] e pieirnant binges of the knee"
to powei yielding places I consider that this
bill protects the service fiom abuses, and its
officeis from temptation and dependence, by
filing unequ vocally by law an adequ ite compen-
sation, fauly distubuted amongst the different
giades But 'h s, it s ems the gentleman fiom
New York would especially avoid He laid
down upon tins point the most licentious rule of
fa'se economy and fiaudulent ndicahsm I ever
heard " The mtciest of the agent,' he says,
" is always opposed to that of his pnncipil, and
there nevei will be dangei that our p iblic sen ants
mil noih foi nothing Then uants itill sharpen
their icils "
Now, sir, in the name of common honesty,
what does this m an? In pi un English, it is
nothing more oi less than that he would pay pooi ly
end ledie the íesí to pillaging This is his policy,
and Heaven toibid it' ihe allowance, the extia
pa) , "nil the poor "nd pillagingpty system, costs
tus Government tci lold moic, in my opinion,
than the most e\ rava"ant fixed salaries would,
cons antly % íolates th it J msc of the Constitution
wl ich tiovidcs that no money shall be diawn
frim the Ticasuiy, txcept by appiopnations by
lav , and is then ost busy evil of coiiuption that is
now piosti i tn ganddegiading tne public seiviee
Put the most intoltitb'c oí all positions yet
as unied by any one against this proposed ln-
ch tst of ¡Navy pay, is that by the gentleman
fiom New Yoik—tne pn e money which officers
may sn" en iiom the, j iws of danger and death m
ii,a s v. Inch may happen bn, whatispme money 
Ihe Ira provides—"If the captuie exceeds oi
cquul, the foicc that captmes, then the captors
shall get tl e whole piocecdo of the vessel cap
turcd It the captuio be of less foice, then one
half goes to the L) mted btates foi the L enefit of
th p nsion find " In othei words, you say to
v our gallant m%), "Go s id the h ghseas oxei ,arid
if you cai fnd and sel e fiom the battle oi the
Lieize, a prize of supenoi or equal foice, you
snill hive ill you get and if n fenor to yourself,
/will take fiom your ¡laid canines one half
Is this like paj ' Does it take a dollar fiom your
Tieati?!/? Docs it not strip your enemies, and
th tt, too, at the h"zard of tne fate of wai to every
108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January S,
naval ofhcci who is thus to bo emichcd by such
blood bought spoils' Tins, as in excuse foi not
íaisi 15 tht 11 pay, is taunting to men who under-
stand their lights as well as y >ado,and to whom
you owe íespcct at least, if not a deut of grati
tude' To piovc to you tnat they "know then
righ's, and knowing, can naintam thttn," I will
lead the argument ot a lieutenant of yom N ivy
on this point, in compliment to the intelligence
and ability of its officeis geneially     H„ says
"The chances of pi ize money aie as the
' chances of a lottery, and .t may be safely said,
' that there are not moie poisons of the Navy
' who have drawn prize-money, in propoition to
' the number of all the crews seeking it, th 111
' pe sons who ha^ drawn pnzes in lottenes, in
'pioportion to the numbei of peisons holding
' tickets A vessel has frst to bo fallen i,i with —
4 then be captwed—then sent in s tfety to the
' United States, and there aie nine chance to one
' ofíecaptuie bcfoie amvmg 111 0111 poits, espe-
' cially ,when the enemy aie poweiful at so 1—
' which must always be the case with any nation
' we are likely to be at wai with If the taptuie
' ai uves s ifely, hovvevei, the gieatcr portion of
'the piocceds (aftei piying i'oiAle duties to the
' United States foi all dutiable aiticles on baud,
' and, 111 case of an inC 1101 foice, hedf the rahie
' of vessel and canro) fs e iten up by tee va ous
'expenses, eniic'iing only di trie t attoiiujs
' maish lis, auctioned s, and pii7e agents so that
' pooi ficA and h s oiücets git but a smill ilice
'Jot then ih.ies Many of out oil lis, who weie
' thought to be veiy ¡successful 111 taking pnz< ¡>,
' leah/ed oily fiom Jijj to {jlOJ daiing the 1
'cruise, and many othe sneietik" ticmstlns,
' and continued pnsoneis t'nou^'i Vie \ a But,
' agn i,befoie puze mon y tlicie his to be a n ti,
' and then a long wai, if at all W 1. aru x nation
' of peace Oui whole policy is pi ace It is now
' twenty ye ub since oinci is an J cievs have had
1 a chance foi puze-money In the execution of
'othct duties, youi o'Hcris have not unfuquently
' made capttins, when they havf been held liib'e
' foi he u y costs, h uas-,ed in suits at 1 iw, and,
'111 some instances, obligid to nig lehef fiom
'Countess The amountof puz money leeeived
' by the « ost Joilmiate ojjieei commiliding diumg
' the 11st wai with Gicut Iiutiin, it is confi lently
'beh ved, would not e\c ed ten doll us pei
' month dining his whole turn of seivue 7 he
' amountfoi th niostfoitu mtijuiitoi oñicei wou'd
'not be thiee doll us pel mo it 1
"The ide is uitutumd 111 relition to puze-
' mom y an cxtu mi Iv eironeous—if icquncd at
'all, it is hudiy fon,lit foi n uldiaili) 11011—ulda
' gloiy 10 011 II ig and his nothing todo with the
' piynr d cniolum nts of officer, í n Unnii corno
' out of Vie pjcl rh 0/ the pt pie I he arg iment
'would hold equally go 11 u-un t lcducmg 01
' giving li ss p ly to oifi s of th customs in e >n-
' sequence of the possibi'itu s or mobibihties that
' mij oectu for them to d tect goods about oeina
' smuggled—meiely because they aie enütlu1 to
' lialf the net proceeds, when the Ooods shall h ive
' bi en tned, coiul tinned, and all apenses paid Men
' of w u scidiin deem it pnul nt to ve iki 11 the
' efli íenej of tin 11 ships, by si iding their men
' on bond piizes, conscq lently t le ^icdt bulk ot
'puzes tiken aie deshoyt I "
Sueh is th" unanswt ible m mini 111 which the
Navy i \ 1 it ason fit i's It In 11 liti m to this,
I hive the pom ed antliouty of L)id 'Nelson foi
sajing "tint pii/ money is a iaii 1 ti tie
State " It is " 1 satins, to tin St i t,,"ta'en fiom
aneumy, nd th n Ji ¡ 001 inci J a sh up üi mi-
li   to th   eou ig   ot (i  w mil e unman lei
¡Jit, s r, mi   1   u3um tits as  these would not
have b    111 qui dm tin ,1 u 181b, jum aftei the
war     "\ in   Navv   m ig 1    1 nously d feued Us
application foi  incitase ot piy, ilien, b causa ot |
the he u y     ud n   to  t le  public debt, adjcl by 1
that \ ai  so   ' il antly   ind ob, nu ly fought by |
sailois'a-ns   ' foi tiee ti->dc and sailoi&'itg its   '
You have now elk buttd the  cxLiiiuishmtnt of
that di 1 t, vour fieasuiy is 1 hoi 11 of plenty, and
tw«i, it yoabMit yom Aavyandu. n does con —
T         011 t! v ''On  ill
\ irt    cue nut    nlti   inn  i'ef ic d
Kywwl   0iainul tt   cmel  ot
S 1, I beg of jou,   10 1 , bcfoie'xiiid, to
' Hi I-    t'io e tint Unit   mum   not t in e ,Mt ii^Ip '
Oí c diop oí i" o 11 (I awn I    m t' > cju ilr /    bi am
faliuuld ¿ueve iliec inoic ti ¿ruin ins of jom^i gire '
Mr WATiisE said that imoortant qaestions,
like the piescnt, musí frequently have then con-
clusion, upon the sime ptin^iples which actuated
the fram\-i s of the Government—m the pnnciple
of co npiomise fie wis satisfied that the filends
of the bill befoio tie House could only accom-
plish then mam objects by a resort to the pnnci-
ple to which he alluded He had risen foi the
puipose of moving to strike fiom the bill ceifm
passages which appealed obnoxious to some gen-
tlemen They vv^ie the san", with one 01 two
exceptions, \v IikIi were embiaeed in the piopo-
sition of the genth m in fiom Kentucky, [Mi
Pope] His propcitioi, he conceived, would
present a f in gioand of compromise, and as no
member, so fn as 1 e had understood, was op
posed to giving adequ ite pay to those employed
in the naval seiv ce, the House would, by mutual
concessions, be enabled, he hop d, to come to a
decision of the q íestion withoutfurther difficulty
He,theiefore, moved to amend the bill by sinking
out all that put 1 litmg to extia allowances and
to laisiiig 1 fund by deducting thiee pei cent
fiom the piy of'he commission and wairant
officers, foi the leliel of the relatives of deceased
officers
TheSPE VKERs'atca that the motioniequued
the unam nous consent of the House
Mi   JO"\rr^, ot Geoi ai, ob)i cted
Mi WATi STfJ moved a suspension of the
rulis, in oidei t'nthe might be enabled to sub-
mit the motto 1
Ihc SPL'Vfv.ER decided that the motion,
undei the ciieumstances in wmch it was pie-
sented, (theie bung othi 1 motions pending,)
could o 1!/ be in ute vvnh the unanimous consent
of the House
Aftei some coi veisation between the SPE VK-
ER and Messis WAYNT, JONES of Ueoioaa,
C VMBRELENG, and II<UtDIN, in lelation to
the mode of pioecedng upon the commitment,
and the seveial instiuctiois that had been pie
sentcd, the littei g ntleman moved an adjourn
ment, which vv is eained
The House then adjoin ned
IN SENATE
Thcisd vt, Jaiuii 1/ 8, 1835
Pi titinns a id memonals weie presented by Ml
PORrLRtindMi   LWING
MLMORIU   OT C.nORGETOWN,  D    C
On motion of Mi   TYLER, the memorial pre
sentí d bv him yt steid ly, fiot^ citiztns of Geoige
town, was oideitd to be punted
CLERKS IV STATE DEPARTMENT.
The Gil \IR. submitted a communication fiom
the Secietuy of S ite, tiaiismitting a list of the
ofliceis  1 mployed   m  tl at   D paitment  foi   the
yeai 18 34, with the com| 1 ligation given to each
vno POWER
The joi it íeso) Uion ijorami iding an amend
ment ot th Constitution so as to piovide that
when a b II s nil be vetoed by the Pi sident, 1*
nuy In piswd into 1 luv by i majoiity oily, of
both Houses, wis tike 1 up for consideration   and '
On motion of Mi   IvEl-IP, v,  s postpe  ed to |
Thuisday, the 22d iistmt, and oideied to be
pinned                                                                          |
N0TIC3 OT A BILt.                          I
Mi   TII^NC, of Alaian 1, gave notice  thit to  I
mouow he \  u Id  isk 1 ave to introduce a bill
mthiii   rig G urge Whi'man to import an non
steamboat, in detached pans, fiee of duty
RTFORTi TROM CO"vnilTTEES
Mi CL \.Y 1 ON", bom tne Judicial y Commit-
tee, i"poi ted ibillfn theiehefof \\ illiam Thaip
which wh lead tie ihut time, and oidered to a
seco id it aelm"
Mi bO(ITHIRD, from the Committee on
Nu il Ait i is, 1 poi ed a bill foi the íehef of A
D Ostundci
M & , 1011 the s-nne oomr"ittee, lepo-tid a
join  1 s il itno f 1 tne settkn nt of the claim oi
Jihn b fet les, undei a eontiaet for tl e supply
oí JN ivy b ead
B'f IS I^TRODUCED.
Mi   ETv\ ITsG  puisiunt to notice,->nd tin leave
given, intio 111 eel   1 bul foi  the íehef of----------
Pun   andLnis  Viuold, wJm. i was lead twice
and icleiud
Mr ROBINSON, puisumt to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill for the relief of
Wi kinson Godwin, which was read twice and
retened
The bill for the relief of James Young was read
a second 'mie and r^feired to the Committee on
the Distnct of Columbia
The following bills weie lead a second time
and refened
The bill foi the íehef of Henry Awkward,
The bill foi the íelief of the heirs and legal rep.
ies«ni,atives of Baily C Claik, and
A b 11 to authouze the Sccietary of State to
issue letfis patent to Tames Jones, for an ira-
piovement in the manufactuie of coUon fabnes
The following bi'ls were lead a second time,
and oidered to be engiossed for a third read-
ing
A bill foi the relief of Henry B Tyler, exec-
utor of r icutenant Colonel Richaid P> Smith,
A bill for the íehef of McKean Buchanan,
and
A bill foi the relief of the admimstiator of
Michael Hogan deceased
T le bill pioviding for the regulation of vessels
piopehtd in whole 01 in part by steam, and
The bi 1 foi the íehef of------P Gauetson, la'e
a puisei  111 the Navy, were seveiahy taken up
for consicaatirm, and
On mo ion of Mi SOUTHARD, were laid on
the table
FRENCH  SPOLIATION BILL
Th  Senate resumed tne consideration of the
bill making compensation foi Fiench spoliations
piior to 1800   when
Mi WRiGHT spoke at length in opposition
to the object and punciples of the bill
When Mi   W  concluded,
Mi WEBSTER rose and remaiked that he
hoped he should not be called on to speak, except
to reply finally tca'l the gentlemen who intended
speaking in opposition to the bill
Mi KIIN G said if the Senatoi from Massachu-
setts would paidon him, he would, before the
ciuestion was taken on engrossing the bill, say
something in justification of the vote he should
gut lit did not, howevei, piopose to go fully
into the subiect He had mide no legulai prep-
aiation, with a view of doing so But some of
those fi lends with whom he had been very much
in t' e habit of acting, especially on question 
lequinng a defense ol the public Treasuiy, had
advoca'ed the claims of those interested in the
passage of the bill, with a degree of labor, zeal,
an dappaient earnestness of feeling which afforded
the best possible evidence of then entire convic-
tion of the piopue'y of the couise they had
adopted and he therefore felt it a íesppct dup to
them, as well as ajustification of himself, to give
at least some of the reasons why lie should differ
with them upon t! e present occasion
Mi K^aid he should be brief, for the reason
fi st statecF In fact, ho did not think the bill
called foi a veiy wid íange of discussion For
al hough the • istory of the claims was along one,
ai d the f lets and documents connected with them
pumeio is, jet 1' would be seen fiom the discus-
sion, so fir as 1 eard, that the facts necessai/ to
be known and understood toduectoui judgment
upon tne hill, win ne ther nnmeious or contro-
veited, on the cont-ary, the difference in the
Binds of S nHois upo 1 the meuts of the claims
wou'd lesult fiom a difference of conclusion from
the s me adm tted facts, and not fiom any con-
trovelsy abou' the facts themselves
What was the pioposmon, by the establish-
ment ot wl eh tie advocates of the bill sought to
enfoiee upon the Sen\te the piopnety of its pas
s 0 ' If 1 e undtistood it, it was this that
Bnno , on the 30th oí Septembei, 1S00, was 111-
d bted to citizens of the United States, (the
elaiman s ) at 1 as t five millions of dollars That
the United Sta'es were at the same time under
tieatystipil tions to Fi nice, oneious to them,
and \aluable to franco, and that the United
States, havug cl aigc ot the cla ms of their citi-
zens, released ti ese claims to Trance m consuler-
a ion of a íelease of then own treaty stipulations
to that nation llene e it was contended that the
Uiined States arc luble to then own citizens for
then claims on Fiance, upon the same pnnciple
th it an agent is liable to his principal if he ap-
piopriate the effects of the latter to his own use.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
J l,< doetune was sound enough, if the proposi-
ti hi wue established But, in pros outing an
mqiiiiy into the tiuth of the pioposition, we
th   uld mc] ii f, and, if possible, asccitdin—
Is Wlift 1er, i i point of feet, the Government
of 1 i"nc" va", accordn g to the existing rules of
n i i mal 1 w * id btod to the damn its five mil-
It ns ii a iv othoi sum, on the 30th of Septetn-
i   i, 1H10'
2 Wlictbu in po nt of fact the United Sta es
mul at the same d„te bound by tie ty 'típula
t ns oiKious to them, and valuable to Trance,
which wo ild afloid a cons.delation foi theielease
ol   he el uins
In 1 it i light not be unimportant to mquiie, in
t  e ttmd pla e, win tin r, if these claims o ici ex   '
is   d and wen  leleascd by the acts of our Gov
ti m lint in   ¡"i rcgulai  administiation, any re   |
b io isiu lay should Utach to the Government for |
obtviiig the neccssaiy exigencies of State policy'
M-   fi   it turned  to the fust lnqm-y     "Was j
Truiot ind bu. 1  to  the (la'mants oi the 30th j
Sept tnber, 1800'   Tnat Fiance had eoaimitted
spo latióos which made her liable at one time to
claimants was not disputed on either side, but
insisted o i by both     The claims, he said, arose
as well by a íecklcss violation of the law s of na
tions as by ícpcated and sometimes admitted in-
fractions   of  the   treaty   of comtiif rce   between
th    two conntiies,  dated 6th   Fcbiuaiv, 1178
S \t\\\ of the  iiuclcs of this tieaty, connected
with tin se   c'a ms,   had lust been  read  oy his
fiiuid iiom New Yoik, [Mi   Wright]     The
amele most matinal, he(Mr If ) íead     It is as
follow s
" Vinci jl 23 It shall be lawful for all and
' s ngulai the subjects of the most Christian Km ,
' and the citizens, people, and inhabitants of the
' sa d Tjmud States, to sa 1 wi'h their ships with
' ill mannci of libcty and security, no disunc .
' ion b in  made who are the propne'ors of the
' meichdudise laden theieon, from any port to
' the places of those who now are, oi hereaft°r ¡
' el ail be, at enmity with the most Clmstian
' King, oi theUmted States It shall likewise be |
1 lawful tor the subjects and inhabitants aforesaid
' to sail wnh the ships and merchandise aforesaid
' mentioned, and to tiadfi with the same liberH
and secuutyfiom the places,poits,and harbois
1 of those whoaie enemies of both or either party,
' without anv opposition or disturbance whatso-
• ever, not only diiectly from the places of the
' enemy afoiementioned to neutial places,butalso
' from one place belonging to an enemy to another
place belonging to an enemy, whethei they be
1 under the jiuisdiction of the samo prince, or
' undei scveial And it is hcieby stipulated that
'Jiee hips shall gne a freedom to goods, and tnat
' eveiy thing s'l 11 be deemed to be f ee and ex
1 cmnt which shall be found on boau] the ships
1 belonging to the subjects of eithei of the con-
' federates, although the whole ladi ig or anvpait
' thereof should appeitam to the enemies of
' either—contiaband goods be ng a'ways except-
' ed It is also agieed, in like mannei, tnat the
'same hbeity be extended to persons who are
' on board a fiee ship, \ ith this effect, that, al
' though they be cut mies ot both or eithei paitv,
' they aie not to be taken out of that fiee ship
' unle«s they ¡uesoldicis, and m i"tualseivieeof
' the enemies "
■Ynothci irtiele in tie tieaty pio\ided that
a st.a 1 ittr of a paiticulm fun -specified in the
aiticle, should on buna exhibited, deteimme the
luuti I oi fu ndly eini ictci of the vessel This
a tick was \ i ■>! ited in the most il igi mt mannei,
h\ in utitxpeeted deeite, lcquiimg what tin y
< illítl i "role d eqnpcur, ' which took hull
<li d by ui| use w i> hid pieptnd themsehes
witn i Icttu ill thefoi iipuseiibe I I \ 'h tieaty
li hut, linci fust Molitv.il th" tieity, is
« em d on all hinds ulniitt d, and continued hci
d ] i dttim  1 ora 17')) till the tieaty of 1800
\oi w is oi i Goui niieiit íemiso in atten ion to
tin el urns of itsciti^u s L^eiyeffoitwasmade
t i cm indemnity foi them Em oy afici
<i)\iy wass nt to tl e Fienrh couit to nego'iatc
i n the sub| ct but the) weie subjected to the
most dt gliding conditions as the puce of the
pnvih Bt of iitgotiatmg, and ticati J with a con
ti nipt otih iquihd by that w Inch was paid to
on lug, mil u list nimail} In keJ out of the
mntiy lit sc md gmtu s w íe subm ted to
unit!—uii,l«H¿ ajlu— foibcJl u e   ceased to be a
virtue, and, finding negotiation hopeless, we de-
termined to íesort to force
Mr K insisted that the spoliations which
were the subject of the bill had caused a war be-
tween the two countries—a war, to be sure, of
limited duratio i, but still a publ c war, by which
the claims were extinguished The acts of- a hos-
tile nature passed by Congress in 1798, had all
just been read oi leferied to by his friend from
New York, the most matenal of which were those
authorizing the caotuie of the aimed vessels of
Prance On the 98th day of May, in that year,
Congiess passed an act authouztng the aimed
% ts^els of tne United States to capture any armed
vessel oi Fiance which had committed depreda-
tions on oui commcice, oi which might be found
eiuising about oui coasts foi tl at purpose This
act has been called defensive, barely in its charac-
ter Admit it to beso, (said Mr K ,) and what
is to be said of the act of 9th July, 1798! Tnis
act authonzes .the captuie of Fiench armed ■* es
seis anyd-here on th"high seas In other words, it
authorized a general maritime war with Fiance
And did these acts (inquired Mr K ) end m
idle ceremony'   Not at all, sir    The Presidert,
as authonzed, issued his proclamation to carry
them into effect, and fiom that time the armed
forces of the two nations understood perfectly
well the hostile relations in which their íespective
nations stood to each other, a id acted accordingly
When then ships met, they instantly clcaied for
action, some of the most dcspeiate conflicts en-
! sued—then masts weie cut off by tl e dexterity
of ourgunneis—their hulls were shatteied into
useles<! floatmgwiecks—then decks were drenched
' in the blood of th" r seamen—conquered, cap-
tured, cained into port, confiscated, sold, and
I distributed as prize     And yet, gentlemen say,
I there was no war in this' The Sena'oi from New
Yoik, who had just taken his seat, nrefeningto
this state of things, asked if it could be called
peace'    " Certainly," he wasans\, ciedfrom the
seat of the Senator from Massachusetts     " Cer
tanly," we may call things by what names we
please, but, in natuie, they aie not changed by
tl e names we arbitrarily give them     We may
call a dec'aiation of war a proclamation of neu-
trality    We may call a challenge to mortal con
flict a love lettei, or a billetdoux     Or a bloody
war may be called, as in this case, "a mere mis-
understanding "  Yet these things would remain
unchanged in their natures and consequences by
the names assigned to them
But (inquired Mi K) why is it that those
hostilities, cam d on by the authority of the
Government, did not constitute war' lie knew
not w hat reason the Senatoi fiom Massachusetts,
f\lr Web_ster,] who was to conclude this dis-
cussion, might assign, but other Senators had
assio-ned no°othei leason than tint " the negoti-
ators sa d theie had been no war " Tncy might
as well have "said" that time never was a
flood They might as well have "said" that
the battle of Wateiloo was a faerdly salutation
between the contending ai mies Their sayings
could not change war into peece But the tiuth
was, (said Mr K ,) the Fiench negotiators,
when the claims were fiist presented, "said
there hid been war, "and that any mdiffeient
nation would say so," and that consequently,
" no indemnities could be claimed
It makes but little difference, however, (said
Mi K ,) what these gentlemen said in the polite-
ness of their diplomacy, stnung to foiget the
past,  and   mutually  seeking  the  advantage  in
i  ¡evmng an extngushed  t tat y     M     Vattel
said, \v iei he wiote his book on the Law of
Aations,  that " w «  is th it s a e m which we
prosecute our lights by for-c " p ibhc wai being
I  that piosecuted  by nitional  authority     Weie
not tlese acts of hostility b> l Uion-1 authouty
\  and in tie piosecution of oui lights  by foice
!  Ceuainly they weie     In £ect, it was wami a
I veiy unqualified s use   It v -s fie foniblc collision
i  of the m med foi ces ct the tiro nutio is, bv au'hoi ity cf
I  each    Ihe claim«its, th n, on the AHh of bep-
teniber, 1800, had no elaiiK  ihJi ut could iiith
technical nght insist on   and Fian-    ne^ei sui-
rendeied this nsht to disclaim them, oj offered to
suuender it, unhss upon te  ns she thojgl t aa-
^alltageous to her
Gut it was said that if these claims wne evtm
guisned bj wer.tleyweie icw\  d by negotia-
tion     Mi  K inquned how the> eould-L   iciv a
by mpre negoHatioat   The envoys could not re-
vive an extinguished claim by merely insisting
on it, or taking it into notice in negotiating a
treaty.   They might as well have undei taken to
revive the edict of Nantz     it.was a matter they
could not control uithont the approbation of the
ratifying authouty     It was of  no consequence
upon what pnnciplc they negotiated, but we should
inquire upon what principle the Senate i atified
But it is said they were lecogmzed as a subject of
negotiation in the second aiticle of the tieaty.
Veiy well, sir, and did the Senate ratify the sec-
ond aiticic'   Not at all    Then fust act, when
the treaty was piesented, was to pat the sponge
upon it    They said, m effect, let the second aiticle
be blotted fiom the instrument    Could the Sen-
ate have disclaimed moie emphatically the notice
which had been taken of the subject'   The ne-
gotiatois had taken the sub eet into consideration,
and it was neccssaiy to dispose of it     They,
theiofore, said in  the second article, that "not
being able to agiee" upon the subject, tb y post-
poned it to a moiecon client time     Theiecond
article expunged by the Senate, the tieaty was
sent back to Napoleon, and what did he do'
Why he agreed to the retrenchment of the sec-
ond aiticle, "provided"—-provided what, sir'—
that the respective nations w ould pay the ciirams
of their citizens íespcctivcly'    Not at all, sn
He nevei thought of such a th'ng     For Trance
had nei ei  paid its ci'izens foi  the claims they
weie at the same time setting up against us    But
he agreed to the retrenchment of the second ai ti-
I cle,proviaed each paity íenounced the iespectrve
" pre tensions which were the object of the second
amele "   " Pietcnsions" was a -veiy slighting
I term to use in íefcience to a valid debt    The
| pretensions in his mind most likely were the
| claims of mutual guaranty, and the pnvilege of
I neutrals, but whatevei they were, this was only
another mode for disposing of them as not sus-
tainable     So we see, sir, that the ■>atifyingpoiotr
acted oi the pimciple that the claims were extin-
guished by hostilities, whatevei  the negotiators
maw have said or done in the matter
Mr K said that, after the second article was
expunged, the matter stood precisely in the pre-
, dicament in which it would have stood if the
claims had not been noticed in the tieaty And
he supposed it wo ild hardly be contended that if
national hostilities had existed, and peace restored
by treaty, without noticing claims which uen the
cause of hostilities, that these claims would not be
extinguished
But it is said our own envoys alleged that this
class of claims was due, and insisted on its pay-
ment Certainly they did, sir, and on many
things else they di 1 not obtain He understood
his friend fiom Maine, [Mr Sheflet,] who dwelt
on this circumstance, had much of the confidence
of his constituents as a lawyer as well as a poli-
tician If so, ho would ask his fnend if he had
not often insisted stiongly that thousands were
due to his client when he knew theie was notdue
to him one cent' Doubtless he had, and did only
his duty in doing so The Go\ernmcnt and
envoys acted on'a similar principle 1 hey were
representing American citizens, and they did the
best thej could foi them but not being able to
i íecovci indemnities from Trance, it was a little
hard,their \eiy diligence should be used as a
reason for chaiging the United States with the
claim                                                 _       ,    ,            ,
But it is further said that the Trench also ac-
knouledgcd these claims Yes, su, (saidÍ Mr
I K ,)and Inw d d they icknow ledge tl em> Ihey
I aeknow«cd, d them, il« iy¡  coupled w Li a con
dition that would at tne same time extinguish
them Ti ey would ncgot at- for the payirent of
these claims, piond'd we would íeiiie an extin-
guished treaty, nil allow them to put then own
price on its supposed obligations Wnat kind
of icknow'cdgniLnt\ as this' and they certainly
ne-iei made any othoi You sn, (said Mr fi. ,;
make claim on me foi ten millions o. dollars
Vut well, I m« safcl5 answer, " youi account
is a false oie, but I will acknowledge it, if you
will peimit mc to p iduce a false leceipt foi it
' Yoin debt is bar ed or extinguished, but 1 have
claims of gieatei amount against you
of a similar
claims oi gic'uic-i Bui« '  .■,«....-- j                        -
cha ctei, and I have i o ob,ection to settle, it I
can bring you m debt" Various offers t. tie
midi on both sides, but they were all, when
cicely examined, of this nature, for they weie
110                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            January 8,
always " to renew" the treaties, which implied
their previous extinction; and these offers of
renewal were always accompanied with modifi-
cations and conditions, thought advantageous to
the proposer. Theclaims,then, (Mr. K. insisted,)
had been extinguished by the hostile relations
between the two countries, and had never been
revived either by negotiations or acknowledg-
ment.
Mr. K. then went into the second subject of
inquiry. Were the United States, on the 30th
September, 1800, bound by treaty stipulations to
the Government of France, onerous to the one
and valuable to the other? Mr. K. thought not.
The conduct of Franco had perhaps sufficiently
discharged the United States from all the obliga-
tions of the treaties. But, to put the matter be-
yond doubt in a judicial point of view, Congress,
on the 7th of July, 1798, passed an act declara-
tory on the subject, by which (after reciting in
the preamble, as a justification of the act, the fre-
quent violations of the treaties by France) it was
enactedP"That the United States are of right
' freed and exonerated from the stipulations of the
' treaties and of the Consular Convention hereto-
' fore concluded between the United States and
' Franco, and that the same shall not henceforth
' be considered as legally obligatory on the Gov-
* ernmentor citizens of the United States."
One would suppose, (said Mr. K.,) that this
act would settle the matter; but, to his utter as-
tonishment, this right in the United States as an
independent party to the treaty had been denied.
It was said the consent of both parties must first
be obtained. There might be some modification
of the right as between the United States and its
citizens claiming the benefit of a treaty; or die
right of Congress to repeal a treaty by ordinary
legislation without reasons, might be questioned.
But this was a judicial act of an independent
sovereign Power, containing the reasons for the
decision, which reasons all acknowledged to be
perfectly true. And when gentlemen were so
general in their denial of the power of Congress
on this subject as to include the act in question,
he scarcely knew how to treat such a position.
"What an extraordinary position we should be
placed iti! Having treaties of peace and com-
merce with all the world, any nation with whom
- we had made treaties might violate them utpleas-
ure, drive our commerce from the ocean, and
even bring war to the Capitol, and the United
States could not move against the offender with-
out breaking the faith of treaties! This would
be a new principle to introduce into the law of
nations.
From the time of Grotius up to the present
time, it had, he thought, been acknowledged a
universal principle of national law, that in cases
of compact between independent nations, there
being no common judge, each party had the right
to judge for itself, " as well of the infraction as
of the mode and measure of redress." This prin-
ciple had been mucli quoted of late to sustain the
• rights of the States of the Union, to judge of an
infraction of the Constitution. He never could
see the application of this principle to the rights
of the States in their relation to the Federal Gov-
ernment; but when applied to the United States
and France, two nations entirely independent in
all their exterior relations, the principle was
plain, and the application easy. Mr. K. said he
had hastily turned to one authority on national
•Jaw, which he believed spoke the sentiments of
all elementary writers on the subject.
Mr. K. then read from Vattel, book 11, ch.
13, page 213.
" Treaties contain promises that aro perfect
' and reciprocal.    If one of the parties fails in
<  his engagements, the other may compel him td
' fulfill them. A perfect promise confers a right
' to do so. But if the latter has no other expe-
' dient but that of arms to force his ally to the
' performance of his promises, ho will sometimes
'find it more eligible to cancel the promises on
' his own side also, and dissolve the treaty. He
' has undoubtedly a right to do this, since his
' promises were made only on condition that the
' ally should on his part execute everything which
' he had engaged to perform.    The party, therc-
<  fore, who is offended or impaired m those par-
 ticuUrs which constitute the basis of the treaty,
<  is at liberty to chose the alternative of cither
«compelling -x faithles.s ally to fulfill hU engage-
' ments, or of declaring the treaty dissolved by his
' violation of it. On such an occasion, prudence
' and wise policy will point out the line of con-
' duct to be pursued."
It cannot be necessary (said Mr. K.) to insist
that the United States possess the same rights on
this subject with othsr independent nations; and
he presumed it would not be denied that the rea-
sons set forth in the act for dissolving the treaty
are perfectly true, and constitute a legal justifica-
tion of the measure. It might safely be submitted
to the Senate as an original question, whether
France had not, by her violation of the treaty,
justified its nullification by us ? The author just
quoted, (said Mr. K.,) on another page, cites
Grotius to prove that "every article of a treaty
carries with it a condition, by the non-perform-
ance of which the treaty is wholly canceled."
I ask Senators, then, (said Mr. K.,) whether
France did not first violate the treaty? That she
did so, is the very first position established by
them. And here the advocates of the bill found
themselves in this strange predicament: that
their first position to establish a claim against
France, proved at the same time that the United
States were not responsible for it. Mr. K. would
not dwell longer on this branch of the subject.
Ho considered the treaty clearly canceled, as well
by the acts of France, as by Us nullification by
the United States for sufficient causes. He there-
fore concluded that, on the 30th of September,
1800, the United States were not bound by treaty
stipulationi to France, and therefore could have
received no consideration for the release of the claims
in question.
But it is said the treaty stipulations were valu-
able at the date referred to, because the Ameri-
can negotiators offered for them eight millions of
francs; and one would be led to think, (said Mr.
K.,) from the confidence with which gentlemen
refer to this offer, that they had something
almost equivalent to the promissory note of the
Government for at least this amount. He had
already remarked that these offers in negotiation
determined nothing unless reduced to treaty and
ratified. But when wo examined this "offer,"
what kind of an offer was it? It was'an offer
which, if accepted by the French Government,
would have brought them eight or nine millions
of dpllars in debt! It is said we offered five mil-
lions of francs for a release from the stipulations
of the eleventh article of the treaty of 1778, which
guarantied to France her West India Islands;
and three millions for the privilege of her priva-
teers secured by the seventeenth article. The
better to understand the value of this offer, (said
Mr. K.,) let us look to the instructions which
preceded it, and with an evident reference to
which it was made. These instructions say:
"On the part of the United States, instead of
' troops or ships of war, it would be convenient
1 to stipulate for a moderate sum of money, or
' quantity of provisions at the option of France.
' Tlio provisions to be delivered at our ports in
1 any future defensive war," &c. It was the
opinion of our Cabinet at that time, that the guar-
antee in the eleventh article only extended to a
defensive war; and no treaty renewing it on any
other than this construction would have been rati-
fied by the United States. This offer, then, was
to renew the mutual guarantee, but at the same
time to settle Us construction audits value. For the
privileges under the seventeenth article we should
have paid three millions, for those privileges
were needed by us in our commercial relations
with England. But the five millions were contin-
gent upon a future defensive war. This part of the
arrangement was as valuable to one party as the
j other; and in fact the contingency had not yet hap-
í pened which would have justified the claim. So
i then we see this valuable offer (said Mr. K.) was
• an offer of three millions of francs certain, and
five millions contingent, that we might receive
fifty millions certain, *by way of indemnities.
Well might we propose to renew the treaties on
such terms. It was not very surprising that
France did not accept the generous offer.
Mr. K. said it only remained to inquire whether
i there was any justeauseofcomplaint against the
! Government, because the attitude it assumed to-
| wards France may have released these claims.
; To admit this would allow individuals to control
j th3 policy of nations. If these claims were
so releaseJ,.it was only one of those individual
sacrifices constantly made to State policy, in the
necessary operations of Government. We had
done everything that could be reasonably required
to secure their claims. We had spent large sums
in missions and negotiations before we resorted
to hostile measures, which were of courseattended
with heavy expense. Perhaps, (said Mr. K.,)
if we were to enter into a strict account with these
claimants we have spent more money in pursuit
of their claims than the amount at which they
are estimated, without computing the blood of our
citizens which may be estimated beyond millions
of treasure. It is for this, among other reasons,
(said Mr. K.,) that war always relinquishes the
claims for which it is declared. The blood of a
single citizen satisfies millions of debt.
The attitude which the United States assumed
then was necessary to the permanent policy and
honor of the country; and all private interests
must yield to it. In fact, (said Mr. K.,) it has
been clearly shown by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hill,] that their claims, under
no circumstances, would ever have been worth
one cent. It would be recollected that we did get
the promise, in the treaty of 1800, of indemnity
for all prizes not definitively condemned. Did
Bonaparte pay these claims, for which we held
his bond in the treaty? Not at all, sir. Not a
dollar of them would he pay to us; and we never
should have got a dollar from him, even for these
acknowledged indemnities, had not Louisiana been
forced as it were to auction, to prevent it from
falling into the hands of the English. And not
even then, sir, if we had not been cheated out of
the amount by French diplomacy, by which it
was gratuitously paid by ourselves, and ten mil-
lions besides. Bonaparte told his Minister to
take fifty millions of francs. He obtained eighty,
with the stipulation that twenty millions were
to be deducted to satisfy indemnities under the
treaty of 1800. Bonaparte was delighted at the
bargain; but mark what he said to Marbois, his
agent, when the treaty was reported to him: " I
would that these twenty millions be paid into the
Treasury. Who authorized you to part with the
money of the State ?" He was reminded that he
still would get ten millions more than he asked,
besides satisfying the Americans. "Ah, 'tis
true," said he; "the treaty does not leave one
anything to desire. Sixty millions for an occu-
pation that would not, perhaps, last a day,"&c.
Is it likely, then, (inquired Mr. K.,) that when
he had uniformly refused to satisfy what he had
solemnly promised to pay "for captures not defini-
tively condemned," that he would have paid for
captures every one of which had been condemned,
and for which any treaty stipulation had been
refused? Sir, (said Mr. K.,) the claims were
not worth a mill in the dollar at any time. Bona-
parte pay such claims! No, sir. He, with hia
drum-headed justice, and gunpowder administra-
tion, robbed everybody and paid nobody. If
these views be just, (said Mr. K.,) however the
claims may have been released, the claimants lost
nothing; for France never would have paid any-
thing for these claims, every one of which had
received the condemnation of- her tribunals in
some form or other, whether rightly or not. In
the late treaty we had to exclude all cases con-
demned, however just our complaints of the pro-
ceedings under which the condemnations were
made.
Mr. K. concluded, then, that France owed no
part of these claims on the 30th September, 1800,
which she ever would have paid, or that in strict-
ness could be insisted on.
That the United States, on the same date, were
under no treaty stipulations to-France, a release
from which would afford a consideration for the
claims. Claims and treaties, he said, had been
extinguished, and no act had ever been done by
the treaty-making power in this country to revive
them. These views he thought an entire answer
to the claims.
As to the nature of these claims (said Mr. K.)
which had been already referred to, he must say,
they were not such as appealed strongly to our
sympathies. There were few, it was said.inthe
hands of the original losers, and they were mostly
in the hands of insurance companies and under-
writers. These (said Mr. K.) are the weakest
of all possible claims. It was known that in those
days, profits were enormous, and increased by
the risk, which was known to be great, and the
1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE                                    111
risk and profit regulated the premiums, which
were also excessively high. If, then, the loss
should be returned, the insurer was enriched by
high premiums, whilst he had the loss returned to
him. This, ho thought, a tolerably fair business
for insurers. We are told, to be sure, of " widows
and orphans" who await the tardy justice of Gov-
ernment. He thought it likely there might be
some, and some very rich ones, too. The widows
and orphans of the original losers, however, he
expected were few in number, and only thrust
forward ¡h the foreground of the picture, whilst
rich insurers, underwriters, and speculators, in
greater numbers, lay back, concealed in its more
remote and deepening shades.
Mr. K. said he had been unable to bring his
mind to the support of this bill. It was but right,
however, that he should confess, in conclusion,
(although he could net Say he was prejudiced) he
had a powerful weight of presumptive evidence
to get rid of, before he could look into details to
get at the original merits of the claim. He said
it might be safely assumed that no Government
in the world was more just to the claims of its
citizens than that of the United States, and if at
any time a claim was not allowed when pressed
upon it, the refusal was a strong circumstance
against it. This claim had been before Congress
for thirty-four years, and had not yet got through
both Houses of Congress. And during a portion
of that period it was known that we were not
looking out for ways and means to defray the
expenses of Government, but actually looking
out for ways and means to absorb an apprehended
surplus. 1 would say, then, (said Mr. K.,) that
if this claim was refused by Government from
1800 to 18:24, it might reasonably be put down
as doubtful, if from 1824 to 1832, we might put
it down as very doubtful; and if it passed through
the generous year of 183a, without being allowed,
we might with much reason venture to consider
it desperate and unworthy the attention of any
tribunal or Government. He bad not, however,
dependedentirely upon thesestrongcircumstances
against the claims, but had listened attentively to
the speeches for and against them, and had revived
his recollection of the most material historical
facts upon which they rested, and his first un-
favorable impressions were fully confirmed, and
he should vote against the bill. Though he fully
concurred in the sentiments of the Senator from
South Carolina, that if, notwithstanding the age
and amount of the claims, they were really just,
and the honor of the Government were involved
in withholding them, the appropriation should be
made, if it took the last dollar in the Treasury,
and forced us even to make new contributions to
satisfy it.
When Mr. K. concluded,
Mr. BIBB rose and said, that he was desirous
of giving his views on this question, but he was
not prepared to do so now.
Mr. B. then yielded to a motion to adjourn,
which was submitted by Mr. King, of Alabama.
Mr. WEBSTER was opposed to the adjourn-
ment, unless the honorable member from Ken-
tucky desired it.
Mr. BIBB said he certainly did.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE  OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiiubsuat, Jimiuinj 8, 1635.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina;
Mr. GORIIAM, of Massachusetts;
Mr. BEATY, of Kentucky;
[Mr. Bcaty presented the petition of James
Smith, of Omnbeilund county, Kentucky, pray-
insrCongn'fs to grant him a section of land; which
was ref'enrd to'the Committee on Public Lands.]
Mr. vVARDWELL, of New York;
Messrs. K1NNARD, LANE, and EWIjNG,
of Indiana;                                          .
[Mr. Kin-n-aro presented the application of John
G ntlitli, to be placed on the revolutionary pension
roll; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. K. also presented additional documents
in support of the petition of James Calvin. Re-
i'crrcd to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
Mr. BOULDIN, of Virginia;
Mr. LYON, of Michi^in;
Mr. FORESTER, of Tennessee;
[Mr. Forester presented the petition of James
Francher for a pension.]
Which petitions and memorials were referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KINNARD.from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made an unfavorable report
on the petition of the heirs of Bernard Lipscomb,
heir-at-law of Captain Reuben Lipscomb.
Mr. HARDIN, from the committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to alter the.times and places
for holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Kentucky; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Joshua Columber; which was read twice, and
committed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, heretofore offered,
were, by consent, considered and agreed to:
By Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of the re-
port of the board of engineers of the 13th March,
1834, relative to the repairs of Fort Independ-
ence, in Boston harbor, together with his opinion
of the expediency of executing the repairs pro-
posed in the said report.
By Mr. BEATY:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to this House whether the whole
amount or what part of the $30,000 appropriated
a^the last session of Congress for the continua-
tion of the improvement of the navigation of the
Cumberland river, has been applied to that object,
and whether its application was made under the
direction of the said Secretary or the President
of the United States, and whether the whole
amount, or what part of said $30,000 was directed
to be laid out upon said river below Nashville,
and if any part of said sum be left, will it be laid
out in continuation of the improvement of the
river above Nashville; if not, the reasons for
withholding it.
By Mr. EWING:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit, or cause to be
transmitted, to this House, copies of every cir-
cular letter of instruction, emanating from the
Treasury or AVar Department, since the 30th day
of June last, and addressed to either of the re-
ceiving or disbursing officers stationed in States
wherein land offices are established, or public
works are constructing, under the authority of
Congress.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the jurisdiction of the
Corporation of Washington to the police of the
biido-enowconstructing across the river Potomac;
and that the said committee be also instructed to
inquire into the expediency of devising by law
some practicable mode of disposing of unappro-
priated or ungranted lands within the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of increasing the annual appropriation for
the improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi, to
be expended between Brownsville and the falls
of the Ohio, at Louisville.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LYON, of Michigan, offered the following
resolution, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re- i
'quested to furnish this House with an estimate
of the probable expense of prosecuting and com- >
pleting, with great accuracy, the astronomical ¡
observations contemplated bv the act of Congress |
of the 14th July, 1832, entitled an act for taking j
of certain observations preparatory to the adjust- ,
ment of the northern boundary line of the ¡state ,
of Ohio.                                                         . «   I
Mr. FULTON offered the following resolution; I
which, under the rule, lies on the tabkone day: |
pay claims paid at the Treasury Department of
the United States, under any act or acts of Con-
gress providing for the payment of such claims;
in which list shall be specially stated the amount
of each claim, to whom originally due, to whom
paid, and by what authority; whether paid to the
claimant himself, or to his heirs, executors, ad-
ministrators, or his or their attorney or attorneys
in fact, with the names of the heirs, executors,
administrators, attorney or attorneys in fact, as
the case may be.
Mr. BYNUM offered the following resolution;
which, under the rules, lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be re-
quested to inform this House whether the com-
missioners or surveyors have been appointed, on
the part of the Government, to lay off and run
the boundary lines between the Government of
the United States and the Republic of Mexico,
than those appointed under the act of 1819, by
the stipulations made and entered into with the
Government of Spain.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a pension to Joel Marshall, a
soldier of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, it was
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the judge of the western district of Virginia
to prescribe by a rule of court the times of hold-
ing the several courts now directed by law to be
held in said district.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed tS inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for securing Flat Beach,
on Tucker's Island, at Egg Harbor, in the State
of New Jersey, from further injury by inunda-
tions or otherwise, according to an estimate and
survey made by Captain Hartman Bache, as re-
ported to the War Department 6th March, 1830.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting to the State of Louisiana a tract
of land on each side of the route designated for
a canal from Lake Barataría to Berwick's Bay,
in said State, to aid the company organized for
the purpose of executing the work, in effecting
the object.
Washington's papers.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, on leave,
introduced a joint resolution, authorizing Jared
Sparks to retain for the present the papers and
correspondence of General Washington, now in
his possession, and to authorize the Secretary
of State to pay to George C. Washington the
remainder of the purchase money due him by
the Government for the papers and documents-
referred to; which was read twice, and ordered to
be engrossed.
reconsideration.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote of yesterday, whereby the
House refused to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Hamee:                   .
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the Constitution of the United States
so as to limit the service of the judges of the Su-
preme and inferior courts to a term of years.
Mr. HARDIN said he was notin favor of limit-
ing the tenure by which judges of the Supreme
Court held their offices to any numbers of years,
but he was in favor of making such an alteration
in the Constitution as at the age of something
like seventy, or sixty-five, or seventy-five years
they might be compelled to quit the bench. He
had no desire to make any particular reference to
any of the judges now presiding in the Supreme
Court- but it was a fact well known, that two, at
least, of those gentlemen were now between eighty
and ninety years of age-perhaps nearer the last
number-aiid one of them, he verily believed,
had been unable to hear any argument fc>r ten
;    'EXE That ^Sec^etary^ the Treasury jj 5^^.- Wh° ^ *
! £? tEffi^i^ all KS&'JSi II *$M&& Sided the gentleman from
112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Kentucky that the question pending being one of
reconsideration, it was not debatable.
Mr. HARDIN remarked that he had. said all
that lie desired to say on the subject.
Mr. MERCER hoped to be permitted to cor-
rect the gentleman in one particular. There was
but one of the judges to whom he had made ref-
erence who was over eighty years of age, and he
was barely beyond that age.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, demand-
ed the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Bealc, Bean, Beaty, Beaumont,
Boon, Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cam-
breleng, Campbell, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chilton, Samuel Clark, Clay, Cramer', Day,
Dickerson, Dunlap, Ferris, Forester, Foster,
Fowler, Galbraith, Gamble, Gillet, Grayson,
Griffin, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Hardin, Harrison, Hathaway, Hender-
son, Howell, Hubbard, Inge, Jarvis, Richard
M.Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones,
Kavanagh, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing,
Luke Lea, Thomas Lee, Lewis, Love, Lytic,
Abijah Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Moses
Mason, May, McCarty, Molntire, McKay,
McKinley, McVean, Miller, Robert Mitchell,
Morgan, Muhlenburg, Osgood,Parks, Patterson,
Peyton, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Plummer,
Polk, Renchcr, Reynolds, Shinn, Smith, Stande-
fer, William Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thomson,
Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Van Houton,
Wagner, Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, Wise,
and Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. JohnQ,. Adams, Heman Al-
len, Chilton Allan, Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Bar-
ringer, Bates, Baylies, Bouldin, Briggs, Burges,
Cage, Chambers, Chinn, Clayton, Coflee, Cor-
win, Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Amos 'Davis,
Davenport, Deberry, Denny, Evans, Edward
Everett, Ewing, Felder, Fillmore, Philo C.
Fuller, William K. Fuller, Garland, Gilmer,
Gordon, Gorham, Graham, Grennell, James
Harper, Hazeltine, Heath, Heister, William
Jackson, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes, William
Cost Johnson, Henry Johnson, Laportc, Lay,
Lincoln, Loyall, Manning, Mardndale, Mar-
shall, McComas, McKennan,Mercer, Milligan,
Miner, Parker, Patton, Phillips,Pickens, Pinck-
ney, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Robertson,
Schenck, Schley, William B. Shepard, Augus-
tine H. Shepperd, Slade, Sloane, Spanglcr,
Steele, William P. Taylor, Philemon Thomas,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Wayne, White, Frederick Whittle-
sey, Wilde, and Williams—92.
So the House reversed their vote of yesterday,
and determined to consider the resolution.
Mr. HARDIN desired to propose an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD rose to a question of
order. He supposed that the vote which had
just been taken, placed the subject in the same
position in which it was before the vote of yes-
terday was taken; the question then pending being
that of consideration, it was not competent to
move an amendment to the resolution until the
House should first decide in favor of its consid-
eration.
The CHAIR decided that the vote which had
been just taken was tantamount to a decision
that the House would consider the resolution, &c.
After some conversation upon the question of
order between the CHAIR, and Messrs. A. H.
SHEPPERD, MERCER, and BRIGGS, the
decision of the Chair was acquiesced in.
Mr. HARDIN moved to amend the lesolution
by directing the committee to inquire at what age
it would be proper to declare judges incompetent
to serve on the bench.
Mr. HAMER accepted the amendment as a
modification of his motion.
Mr. "\JANOE moved to amend the resolution
by directing the committee to inquire into the
propriety of so amending the Constitution as to
prohibit the President of the United States from
making removals from office unless by the con-
sent of the Senate.
The hour allotted to morning business having
expired, the House, on motion of Mr. PARKER,
proceeded to the consideration of the orders of
the day, and the bills, &c, upon the Sneaker's
table
CLERKS IN STATE DEPARTMENT.     '
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of State, covering a list of the
clerks in his Department, and the salaries paid to
each; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
STATE BOUNDARIES.
A bill from the Senate to settle and establish
the northern boundary line of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, was read twice, and, on
motion of Mr. Allen, of Ohio, committed to a
select committee of seven members.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill to provide for the enlistment of boys in
the Navy;
■   A bill to change the titles of certain officers,of
the Navy;
A bill for the relief of J. and W. Eeeson, and
others;
A bill to improve the navigation of the Wabash
river; and
A bill for the benefit of Boyd Reilly.
RELIEF OF ALEXANDRIA.
The bill for the relief of the city of Alexandria,
District of Columbia, was read a third time.
Mr. MARDIS demanded the yeas and nays on
its passage; which were ordered.
Mr. HARDIN had seen no report of the esti-
mated cost of the canal, in the stock of which
Congress was asked by the bill to subscribe
$100,800. The United States had heretofore
given $100,000 for the purpose of aiding in open-
ing this canal between Georgetown and Alexan-
dria. The corporation of Alexandria had added
to this sum 850,000, and the citizens of that city,
$80,000, making in all #230,000, all of which was
already expended on this canal. Neither the
corporation nor the citizens of Alexandria, could
render further aid in the future progress of this
work. The city owed a debt of $250,000 in Hol-
land, to pay the interest on which required a tax
of seventy-five cents upon the hundred dollars
worth of property, and it was evident, from the
complete exhaustion of her means, that it would
be impossible for Alexandria to prosecute this
work. Under these circumstances, it was appa-
rent that it would devolve on Congress alone, if
they should deem it expedient, to finish this work.
One question, then, was, would the $100,000 pro-
posed to be subscribed by the bill, complete this
canal ? If not, how was the necessary sum to be
raised? Is it expected that Congress will con-
tinue to vote appropriations for this object until
it is finished? He had conversed with an intelli-
gent gentleman from Alexandria, and from the
data which he had received from him, (and which
Mr. H. recapitulated,) he was satisfied that in-
stead of $100,000 it would take more than one
million. There must be some mistake in the
estimates which had been made on this subject.
At all events, he for one, was unwilling to give
another $100,000 m aid of this aqueduct and canal
between Georgetown and Alexandria, particularly
when the broad and beautiful Potomac afforded
the most natural channel of communication be-
tween the two cities.
It hod been said that this work was necessary
lo prevent Alexandria from going down. He
should regret it. But he did not consider it of
much importance to the citizens of the United
States, whether a few merchants in Georgetown
and Alexandria should be deprived of the oppor-
tunity of realizing a commission on a few barrels
of Hour, if, however, Alexandria should go
down, it would-not be owing to a failure to finish
the contemplated canal. The cause would be ob-
vious. The commercial advantages of the large
cities completely overshadowed the prosperity of
the villages in their vicinity. You might as-well
expect corn and tobacco to grow and flourish
under the expanded branches of an oak, as that
such a city as Alexandria should enjoy great
commercial prosperity while situated in the imme-
diate neighborhood of Baltimore. Congress had
appropriated some one hundred and thirty or one
hundred and forty thousand dollars to open a
canal in the city of Washington, and lie would
ask what great advantages hail been derived from
this improvement  You might,indeed, occasion-
ally see a solitary bo-il ffoati:.g upon  this canal,
with a few cords of wood or some stone, to be
used in walling that part of the work which was
unfinished, and now and then in the summer or
spring a long-boat, Jaden with oysters and white
cat-fish. Of other advantages, he was ignorant.
Mr. H. thought it highly improper that these ex-
travagant appropriations of public money should
be made. He thought that Congress should con-
fine appropriations to the support of the Army
and Navy, and the civil list. If a general system
of internal improvements could be adopted, in
which all sections of the country could partici-
Eate, he might not be found in opposition to it;
ut he did object to the partial, if not useless ap-
propriations of millions of dollars for the benefit
of this District, or for purposes connected with
the District, and he should also object to other
partial appropriations, intended to benefit a par-
ticular section of the Union, while his own State
received not a solitary cent. There were bills on
the Clerk's table for appropriations to an amount
sufficient to break it down, were it even placed
upon it in bank notes.
Mr. CHINN'said the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Hardin] would allow him to set him
right on some points of fact. First, in regard to
the length of the proposed aqueduct. It was true,
the river at the place of its location was fifteen
hundred feet wide; but the abutments reduced
that width to one thousand feet. The arches,
too, instead of being, as represented by the gen-
tleman, eighty-two feet span, were in number
only eight or nine, and were about one hundred
feet span. Engineers of great talent and expe-
rience had pronounced arches of more than one
hundred feet perfectly safe and practicable. Au-
thorities, demonstrative of this fact, he had be-
fore him, for the satisfaction of any gentleman
who might wish to consult them. Mr. C. said
that he was aware that estimates were generally
received with many grains of allowance. They
were so received by himself. But here we had
demonstrations before us; for, contrary to the
position of the gentleman, the most difficult part
of the work was already accomplished; of which
any gentleman might convjpee himself by making
a visit to the spot. Its practicability had been
already clearly established, and the work had
thus far been most judiciously and economically
managed.
Mr. C. stated many reasons which should in-
duce the passage of this bill. He would come
down to a late period. The history of that great
work, the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, would
furnish some facts of a strong character, bearing
upon this matter. That work was one of im-
mense importance to the wealth and prosperity
of the vast extent of country contiguous to it,
from its commencement to the mouth of the Po-
tomac. But it seemed that the people of Alex-
andria were a fated people. The lateral canal
from Georgetown to Washington had taken from
them all the benefits they had anticipated from
that work. Mr. C. was sorry the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] had found it necessary
to refer to the enormous appropriations made by
Congress for the benefit of this District. But,
since he had done so, he would ask how much of
those appropriations had gone for the benefit of
Alexandria ? The entire appropriation of Con-
gress amounted to $50,000. Alexandria was not
alone to be benefited by this work. - Every man,
woman, and child in this vast vicinity were con-
cerned—every man who put his produce on board
a boat at the extremity of the canal, was inter-
ested in the appropriation provided for in the bill
The Government itself was most deeply interested;
and if it were a truism, that that work was most
useful which spread the most gsneral good, this
commanded peculiar attention.
Mr. C. concluded by appealing to the justice of
Congress to pass this bill, which he conceived to
be so plainly due, not only to Alexandria, but to
themselves. It was a last throe—a final struggle
to recover her commercial prosperity; and he
trusted in God she would be successful. With
her, indeed, it was a matter of life and death!
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved to postpone the
further consideration of the bill till Mond'ay next.
Mr. CHÍNN hoped not, since it had been al-
ready twice postponed, and he hoped the House
would now act upqi) jl.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, if his memory
servul hint aught, the same bill had undergone
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
considerable discussion towards the close of the
preceding session. The bill was an important
one, involving a large appropriation; and though
he should be glad to gratify the gentleman from
Virginia, yet, under the circumstances of the
case, public duty compelled him to press J¡is
motion.
The motion to postpone was then put, and
negatived.
Mr. MERCER, said he had listened to the able,
lucid, and, to him, convincing argument of his
honorable colleague [Mr. Ciiinn] with great sat-
isfaction. Mr. M entered into an elaborate
statement of facts respecting the Potomac bridge,
and the relative costs of that and the aqueducts,
the former of which would not amount by the
new plan, to more than $230,000. The city of
Alexandria had some claims upon the liberality
of Congress, for she contributed her full quota of
taxes during the war, and that without repre-
sentation, contrary to the principle of our govern-
ment, and yet had received nothing, or but little,
inreturn. Alexandria had suffered greatly by the
cession, and had fallen from her former condition.
The time was when cne twentieth part of the
exports of the whole United States was cleared
from the port of Alexandria alone. The first
bank established 30uth of the Potomac wa3 there,
and it was within his recollection that the value
of that stock was doubled in a short time. In the
days of the Father of his Country, the collector-
ship of that port was one of the best gifts in the
hands of the General Government, and one of the
heroes of the Revolution had been rewarded with
it. • All this was matter of history, that Mr. M.
could prove.
Mr. M. also advocated the appropriation, on
the ground of the increased facility that would
thereby be afforded, whether in peace or war,
by the transmission of important dispatches and
expresses, and said that a delay of two days on
the river had not unfrequently occurred. This;
also applied to the march of armies, in case of war
or invasion. With regard to the permanency of
the work, every assurance was given, grounded
on the most conclusive testimony and reasoning,
that if the aqueduct should be constructed on the
plan proposed, it would be indestructible. This
was all that was asked for. The town of Alex-
andria did not ask Congress to complete the
canal—they had themselves paid every install-
ment called for, which was more than the other
cities had done.
It had been said that the plan was erroneous,
because it proposed the construction of a canal
on nearly a parallel line with the river; but if
similarplans were to be referred to,Young'sTour
and the scientific works of the most celebrated
engineers of Europe, would show that a river,
from the obstructions it presented, and the con-
tinual variations of the wind, had been abandoned.
A reference to the great canal of the Duke of
Bridgewater in Lancashire in England, would
testify this fact. Would any man believe it
possib'e for a boat to be managed through the
floods of the Potomac, on a surface of a mile in
width, in all seasons of the year ? It could not.
Vet this could be done on a canal. To reject this
bill would be hule short of laying an edict upon
Alexandria, and by whom ? By that body from
whom alone it could expect relief. After some
further remarks, and sundry details on the im-
portance of the proposed measure, Mr. M. con-
cluded by urging upon the House not to reject
the bill.
Mr. MANX, of New York, alluded to the fact
of this bill having been before the House at the
last session, advocated by the same gentleman,
and on the same principles as now. Mr. M.
replied at length to the arguments of Mr. Cm; .
The g'mtleman from Virginia had the happy
faculty of so illustrating every subject on which
he turned his attention, its to render it enchanting;
but he hoped the House would not be led away.
The gentleman had urged many beautiful argu-
ments, but Mr. M. must be excused for saying
that they wore of a character that ought not to
weigh in matters of the kind now under deliber-
ation. ¡Ie had heaid thegentleniiin,as he always
did, with peculiar pleasure, because he was always
clear, di'sini.:*., and lucid in his propositions,and
be was sorry that, on this occasion, he had not
chosen a sul)|Oot more worthy of his advocacy.
What jv.a.: tliou.iiiiie ol tins bill?-  It propound
that Congress should subscribe for one thousand
shares, at a hundred dollars per share, in the stock
of the Alexandria Canal Company. Now, Mr.
M. would not for a moment question the principle
that Congress had exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever; but he begged to inquire where
was the power, or upon what authority could
Congress appropriate money for charitable pur-
poses, for the measure proposed could be desig-
nated as nothing less than one of charity? If
Congress could do so in one case, it could in
another; and the whole revenue of the country
might fall 'under the principle. They had beaa
told by the honorable chairman of the committee
[Mr. Chinn] that the legislation of Congress had
been extremely injurious and detrimental to the
city of Alexandria; but surely it was to be pre-
sumed that what had been done, had been done
by the knowledge and consent of the inhabitants,
if notat their request, and why should this charge
be made upon Congress?
Mr. MERCER explained, as we understood,
that it was within.his own knowledge thata large
majority were opposed to the measure referred to.
Mr. MANN. The gentleman had stated that
if this work were completed, two hundred thou-
sand barrels of flour would pass through the city
of Georgetown to Alexandria by way of this
canal. But, Mr. M. would ask, what would this
amount to ? Why, the profit on its carriage would
not even pay the persons necessarily employed
in taking care of the canal.
He had seen too much of such works to put any
confidence in the reports of engineers. They had
turned out to bo totally fallacious—he could cite
a greater number of cases than the time would
allow of. He would ask what assurance we had
that the persons who may be employed would not
come here and ask you to pay them extra allow-
ances, in consequence of bad contracts ? The
claims for special allowance on contracts, on the
New York canals, amount to more than seven
millions of dollars. He could see no good and
substantial reasons why we should be called on
to legislate on this floor for the benefit of Alex-
andria. The expenses that had been paid by the
United States for criminal courts had been very
great.
Mr. M. said, since he had been here, we had
given for the District of Columbia something like
three millions of dollars. Then, with whatjustiue
could it be said that the District had suffered by
the illibcrality of Congress ? If this bill could be
passed in tins House, you might expect that a
bill would follow in a very short time for an ap-
propriation, not only to pay the interest on the
debt of the city of Washington, but you would
soon be asked to give another million for their
support. After some further remarks, Mr. M.
concluded by saying that every view he had been
able to take of the subject convinced him that this
bill ought not to pass.
Mr. 4CHÍLTON said he inclined to the opinion
that this bill ought not to pass. He had no scru-
ples as to the constitutional power of Congress
to make appropriations for improving the country
where they were necessary, but this he thought
would be a useless waste of the public money.
Here was one of the finest streams in the world,
running a.most straight from  Georgetown  to
Alexandria, possessing all the advantages for
navigation that could be desired, and we were
called on to construct a canal alongside of it!
Could any man acquit himself lo his constitu-
ents, or to his own conscience, if he should  vote
to make a canal parallel with this beautiful stream ?
Besides, there were works which had claims a
hundred times as strong on the Government, the
]' funds to complete which were insufficient; and if
:i they passed  the bill   now under consideration,
!i with what justice could they reject the others?
'! Nor did the present work present any probable
;. advantages which could authorize the appropri-
;' ation.
¡I     After some further observations, Mr. O. de-
u clared his determination to vote against the bill,
!' and he trusted it would be rejected.
!|      The question on the passage of the bill was
!i then taken by yeas and nays; and decided in the
!| negative; as follows:            .
i1     YK AS—Messrs. John a. Adams, Heman Al-
'■' ¡on, John J.  Allen,  Anthony, Archer, Banks,
i, Bates,   Baylies,   Beale,   Kinney,   Briggs,   Bull,
'! Cage, Chambers, Chain, Yv illiain Claik, Curwiu,
Coulter, Crane, Darlington, Denny, Evans, Ed-
ward Everett, Ewing, Galbraith, Garland, Ghol-
son, Gorhijm, Grennell, Hiland Hall, Hard,
Hiester, William Jackson, Ebenezer Jacksan,
William C. Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Hen-
ry Johnson, King, Kinnard, Lane) Laporte, Lin-
coln, Love, Lucas, Martindale, McKennan,Mc-
Kinley, Mercer, Milligan, Miner, Patton, Dutee
J. Pearce, Phillips, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Rencher, William B. Shcpard, Sloanc,Spangler,
Stewart, Francis Thomas, Philemon Thomas,
Trumbull, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Wayne,
Frederick Whittlesey, Wisa, and Young—72.
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, Chilton Allan,
William Allen, Bean, Beaumont, Blair, Bockee,
Boon, Bouldm, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum,
Cambreleng, Carr,Casey,Chancy, Chilton, Clai-
borne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clowney, Coffee,
Cramer, Amos Davis, Davenport, Day, Deberry,
Dickson, Dickerson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Felder,
Ferris, Forester, Foster, Fowler, Philo C. Ful-
ler, William K. Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Gillet,
Gilmer, Gordon, Graham, Grayson, Griffin,
Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer,
Hardin, Joseph M. Harper, James Harper, Har-
rison, Hathaway, Hazeltine, Heath, Henderson,
Howell, Huntington, Inge, Janes, Jarvis, Noa-
diah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Kavanagh, Kilgore, Lansing, Lay, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Loyall, Lyon,
Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K.Mann, Manning,
Marshall, Mardis, Moses Mason#May, McCar-
ty, Mclntire, McKay, McLene, McVean, Rob-
ert Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Mur-
phy, Parks, Parker,Patterson,Peyton,Franklin
Pierce, Pierson, Pmckney, Polk, Reynolds,
Robertson, Sehenck, Schley, Shinn, Smith, Stan-
defer, Steele, William P. Taylor, Thomson,
Turner, Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Houten,
Wagoner, Ward well, Webster, Whallon, White,
and Williams—123.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 9, 1835.
Mr. EWING presented a petition, praying a
grant of land to the college at Columbus, Ohio.
Mr. GRUNDY, by direction of the Post Office
Committee, moved that the committee have leave
to sit during the sessions of the Senate; which was
agreed to
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Samuel S. Lord and others, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Christopher C Bailey.
Mr. POIXDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill supplementary to
the. act authorizing the State of Louisiana to enter
the back lands.
Also, a bill for the relief of Wilkinson Goodwin
without amendment, but with an expression of
opinion by the committee against its passage.
Also, a bill for the relief- of Nathaniel Tyler,
without amendment.
Also, against the petition of the trustees of the
Willoughby University, of Lake Erie, for a do-
nation of land; and the committee were discharged
from the further consideration of the same.
Also, against the petition of the trustees of the
public school of the parish of Carroll, in Louisi-
ana, for a donation of land.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Wyatt Singleton and James An-
drews, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WAGGAMAN, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced a bill to give effect to
the?eighteenth article of the treaty with Spain;
which was read twice and referred.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TYLER gave notice, that on Monday
next he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
provide a system of laws for the District of Co-
lumbia.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Raclvcd, That the Committee on Finance be
114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
instructed to obtain from the Bank of the United
States a copy of all instructions, if any, to the
branch banks, dnecting them to collect and remit
Spamsh milled dolíais to the mother "bank, the
number of sueh dollars annually remitted, the
rates at which they sold at diffcient periods*, say
at 01 about the beg niung of each quarter of the
year, whether the Bank of the United States has
sold such dollars to the United States, and if so,
how many, and at what rates, how many it has
sold to others, oí exponed to foieign countucs,
also, a statement of the amount of gold coin, of
the amount of ail ver com, and the amount of bul-
lion remitted to the mothei bank, or elsewhere,
by her oidei, annually since the 1st day of April,
1832, also, a statement showing the amount of
silvei coin and of gold com remitted by the
mothei bank to each bianch since that day, also,
the amount of gold coin and the amount of silvti
com annually sold 01 annually exponed by the
bank since the said 1st day of Apul, also, a
statement of the amount of gold received from
the United States Mint since the 1st day of Au
gust last, and a statement of the whole amount
of gold on hand m the bank and its In anches,
for each month from Apul 1, 1832, to the pitstnt
time
BILLS PASSED
The following bills were read the thud time
and passed
A bill for the íclief of Homy B Tyler, exec-
utoi of Colonelitichaid Smith, deceased
A bill foi the lcbef of McKean Buchanan, and
A bill foi the relief of the administrators of
Michael Hogan, deceased
LIEÜTENAÍíT ARCHIBALD S    CAMPBELL.
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant Aichibald
8 Campbell was called up for consideration,and
on motion of Mi   Tallmadgi , laid on the table
LOAMI B VLDWIN.
The bill for the relief of Loamt Baldwin was
taken up for consideration
[The object of this bill was to make compensa
Hon to Mi   Baldwin foi seivices rendeied during
Ihe administiation of Mi  Adams, as a civil en
rincer, in the constiuction of two drv-docks at
Chaileston, South Cuiolimi ]
Mr HILL moved to lay the bill on the table,
which was not agreed to
Mr HILL and Mr BENTON then opposed
the bill, on the giouud that Mi Baldwin v  is an
engineei m the e mployme nt of th* Govoi nmuit,
at an annual salaiy of 4,4,001) that this alio wince
would be double pay foi sen ices lcneliieel by a
salaiicdofiieu , I hat theelaim had been disallowed
by tin See letuy, and afu i winds, by the Auditoi,
and that if a coirtract hid bun nude with Mi
Bildwin for this su vice, it was no doubt in writ
nig, and ought to bt shown
borne tunlici itmaikswiio nude by Missis
SOU 1 HARD, FfiLLlNGIimSLN, CAL
ÍIOUN, P01NDEXfLit,and CLWl'ON, in
favoi of the bill
Flu question being on the engiossment of the
bill foi a thud te tiling, 
Mt HILL d< inandi d the yeas and n xys, which
wen oidiitcl   but befoic th   question wis taken,
Mi   BLN 10ÍN lene wi d the motion ti Hy tin.
bill on the txble , with a view to mike soirn fui
thti ex imiiiauon uno it
1 In  mutton was then igrccd to
FRLNCH  SPOIIATION BILI
Tilt Senate icsiimod the t nside ration of tin
bill making rompcnsuiou loi Í ieu< li spoliations
¡ nor to lbOO
Mr BLiNTON then spike at h ngth fn oppo
¡bition to the bill     When In con hided,
Mi VVLBS1F1! ios , and sa d that if no other
gentle mm intended toad htss the Senate on this
subject, he pioposed to answ r luo objections
which hid bun mg d against the bill, so fxi as
the Smite, wittld indulge him, either to daj,
to nun row  oi on Monday
fSimo gentlemen suggested Monday ]
Mi W said, as it seemed to be the wish of
gentle ncn th U he should d fei his remaiks till
Mondiv, lit would move that when the Senate
adjjuns it will a Jjoui p to meet on Monday next
i he motu i In mg icecivcd by unanimous con
sent, was a reed to
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mi CLAYTON, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and, when the doors were opened, the
Senate adjourned till Monday
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Friday, Januaiy 9, 1935
Petitions and mirroiials were presented, on
leave, by Mi EW1NG, of Indiana, and Mr
HE VTH, of Maryland
1Bi CASEY asked leave to introduce the
lepoit of the engineei appointed by the commis
sioneis of the fund appropriated by the States of
Illinois and Indiana, for the impiovement of the
navigation of the Wxbash mor
On lca\e being grant d, Mi CASEY said, it
would be íecolli e ted by the House that on yes-
tetday the bill which had passed the Senate,
making an appioonation foi the improvement of
the navigation of the Wabash uver, was lefcired
to the Committee on Roads and Can lis By the
last mail tiom the AVest tinough the politeness
of a fuend, he had received the ippoit ot the
engineer appointed by the commissioncis of the
fund appiopuated by the States of Illinois md
Indiana ioi the impiovement of the navigation of
the Wibnsh It cont lined some valuable nifoiina-
tion in iclition to the pioposed impio\ement and
as it was desuable that the national Legtslatuic
should bt in possession of evei y possible informa
Hon on tl is sub|ect, lie thought it his tluty to m-
tioduce this íeport It was a subject of deep and
abiding inteicst to the people of that section of
tlit count! y, md he did hope th it it would iicene
the favoi and considention of Congress Mi C
concluded by a motion to refer the íeport to the
Committee on R.oaek and Cm lis, and that it be
punted, which was agieed to
[\li Clay, of Alabama, p tsented a petition
from ceitai i members of the Legislatuie of Ala-
bama, asking the establishment of a post mute
fiom Ashville, in St Clan county, by way of
Jacksonville, m Bi nton county, Alabama, to
in   Gcoign,  and  sundiy  other  route
through adjacent counties in Alabama, which
was lefened to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads ]
REPORTS FROM COMMIT TEES
Mi CLAY fiom the Committee on Public
Linds, upoited, without amendment, the bill
fiom the Senate authouzmg the lelinquishment
of the sixteenth sections of lands appiopuated foi
tin use of schools, and the locuion of otuci lands
in lie u theieof
Mi   C  moved to postpone the further cons eler
ation ot the bill until Mond xy next
Mi   LV VNs moved tocomixititto aCommit
tee of tin  Whole
The   mo ion   to  commit  was  supported   by
M.ssis    EVANS,  WILLIAMS,  and L\NE,
and opposi d byMcssis  CLAY, LW1NG, and
M K1NLE\
The motion pievaikd—}eas 91, nays 30
Mi   FOSTER, fiom the Committee on the Ju
diciny, 11 poned   i bill to  change the plae e of
holdm0 the Distuet eouit oí the United States
foi   the distuet of Mississippi, which was lead
twice,   md otdeied to be cngiossed foi  a thud
íe iding
Mi   W \RDWELL   fi mi the f immittee on
Revolution n yPensi ins, 11 poi ti d a bill to ai thoi
i/i th   S eietai v of Wu to appoint agents to e x
I imine pensions, in Older to pievcnt frauds, and
'ten othei pulposos which wu lead twice, and
committed to the Commi tee of the Whole on the
stite of the Union
I Mi INGE fiom the Committee on Public
I anils, m id    in unfivoi ible n poit up m the pet
| Hon ot R Young and othc rs, which was hid on
the tabl
| Mi CAMBRLLt\G,fiom the Committee of
Ways md Mexns, reputed a bill for th relief of
ChasteJain aid Pofiveit, which wis lead twice
and committed
I Mr LO0\T, fion the Committee on Public
Lands, icpoitcd i biiybi the bi nefit of Chaiks
j Caldwell, of Aikansas   which was read twice,
I and oidered to be eng-ossed for a thud reading
Mi   M VRSH VLL, fiom the Committee on
1 Revolution uy CI unu, lepuitcd a substitute for
the bill to pi ovide for cei tain i evolutional y eianns,
which, together with the original bill Mi M
moved to commit to a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that the sane be
made the special ordei foi Friday, the 30th of
January
After some íema'-kson the prop] lety of m iking
the bill a special oidor, by Messrs WARD-
WELL, MARSHALL, MILLER,and LALNE,
the 29th was substituted foi the 30th of Januaiy,
and the motion agieed to—yeas 80, nays 44
Messis MUHLENBERG, DAVIS of Ken-
tucky, BOON, LEA of Tennessee, GRAH \M,
and GRENNÉLL, maflt (fiom vanous standing
committees) unfavorable leports xipon petitions,
&c , which had been refeiied to them
Mi KINNARD moved to discharge the Com-
mittee on Revolutior'aiy Claims tiom the fuithei
consider ition of the petition of Robeit Allison,
and tii fei the same to the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims, which was agieed to
NOTICES OF BILLS
Mr MERCER gave notice that he would on
Tuesday next, move to take up the bill authoi-
lzmg a fuithei subscription to the stock of the
Chesapexke and Ohio Canal Company
Mi CON NO It gxve notice that he would move
to take up, on the 27th instant, the bill to establish
certain post loutcs, and to alter and discontinue
othei s
RESOIUTIOJNS.
On motion of Mi  ALLEN, of Vngima,it was
Re'olved, Th xt the Committee on Revolution
ary Claims be dischaigcd fiom  the fuithei   con-
sider ition of the petition  of the hens  of Isaac
Isiael, and that the petitioners have leave to with-
draw then papers
Mi EVERLFT, of Vctmont, by consent,
offered the following resolution, which was
agreed to
■ Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War be duected
to communicate to this House a copy of any older
given-by him to the Commissioner of Pensions
dnecting the suspensio i of the allowance of pen-
sions under the act of 7th June, 1832
On motion of Mi   LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be mstiucted to inquire into the exjiedicncy of
establishing an additional I md distuet for the sale
of public lands in the Temtoi v of Michigan
On motion of Mi   CON1NOR, it was
Resolved, That the Committee oji the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inqune into the
exuediencvofestiblishingapostiautefiom Salls-
hui v, by Bairmgei 's Mil's, to Cobomn's Stone,
m Meeklinbuig county
Mi ASHLEY offered the followmgiesolution,
which, únele i the lule, lies on the tabic one el ly
Resohcd, That the Secietaiy of the Tieasuiy
be lfqucstcd to leturn to this House the tepon
refeired to him at the list session, of the commis-
sioneis appointed to examine and adjust pnvate
land clams in Missoun, with such íeniaiks as
he may think proper to make theieon
On motion ot Mr  HEATH, it was
Rewhel, That the Committee on Commeice be
dnected to nqune into the expediency of making
an appiopriation ioi elefixying the expenses oí a
special mission to Ftiiopc, for the puipose of
endee voimg to olitxm some modification of the
quaiantine i emulations in foice tin íe
On mo ion of Mi TAYLOR, of New York,
it was
Rciohei, That the C mimitt e for the Distuet
of Col imbix ! ins men d to inquire into the e\
pedieney of disposing, at public s il en othei wise,
of so m ich of the u loccupti d public giounds in
the city of Washington, as may be consistent
with the public inteiest xnd convenience in lefei-
ence to public buildings, and appropuating the
avals towards the piyimnt of the inteiest and
the extinguishment of tin debt of the corpoiation
of Wishington, connected puisuant t) an act
of Congiess, entitled "An Vet to el Ixige the
poweis of the seve il eoipo ations of the Dis-
tuet of Columbia, a id for othei puiposes," ap-
pioved 24th May, 182S
GEXERAI   WASHIlsGToVi,  P\PERS.
The following joint resolution then came up
foi its tin d reach i.,
Be tí resohed by the Senate and House of Repre-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
stnlatwts of the United States ofAmerica, m Congress
assembled, That the Secictaiy of State be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to permit Jared
Sparks to íetain the papers of General Washing
ton, now in his possession, m virtue of a contract |
and agreement with the late Bushrod Washing-
ton, until he shall have completed the publication
of the woiks of General Washington, on which
he is now engaged, or until otherwise ordered by
Congiess, and that the Secretary of State be
authorized and directed forthwith to pay to George
C Washington the balance of the money due to
him under the ac' approved on the 30th day of
June, 1831, foi the purchase of the books and
papers of General Washington
Mr GILLET begged to inquire of the gentle
man who íepoited the resolution [Mr Everett,
of Massachusetts,] whethci any intimation was
given last year, when the anangement was made
lor the purchase of these papers, that theie was
any lien upon  them, Or any contract by which
they could be withhdd fiom the hands of Gov
ernment as soon as the appiopnation was made'
Mr   EVERETT lephed, that the whole cit-
cumstances and history of the case, and the pre
cise condition and situation of the papers, had
been fully spread before the House in the docu-
ments piesented lastyear—the contents of which
he presumed to bo w ithin the knowledge of most
gentlemen piescnt
Mr GILLET had perused those documents
and the repoit lefened to by the gentleman, but
he had no íecollection of anything in the natuic
of a lien upon those papéis The question then
was confined to their -value and historical and
documentary importance, and the purchase was
regarded, by himself at l ast, as unconditional,
and without any contingencies  Not a word
was said about their being mortgaged, and Mi
Spaiks's communication was confined to the sub
jectof their value Mr G said 1 e considered it
wrong that any poi tion of the mon^y should have
been paid until the Government had been in pos
session of all the papéis He believed Mr
Spaiks to be as honoiable aman as lived, but his
demise, oi many other circumstances, might in-
tervene tojeopaidtheirsecunty He u as decided-
ly of opinion that the íesolution ought not to
pass
Mr EVERETT explained that more than one
half of the papéis weie alicady in the possession
of the Government, and that the loan of the íesi
due was asked for only till the completion of the
work in which Mi Spaiks wis engaged, which
would, in all probab h y, not extend beyoi d
another yeai—thiee f)ui lis ofit being finished
Mi E could see no objection to the passage of
the i (.solution, for the papéis weie as safe m Mi
Spark s hinds asthev would be in the possession
of their intended depository All partus desned
it The Secretaiy of State, Mi Wtsh'nston,
Mr Sparks, and he hoped a majouty of the
House
Mr P VliKER agieed with thegentleman from
New Yoik, [M\ Gilí it,] and with him vva3
ignoiant of the authonty of Ml Spaiks to detain
tnese papers 1 hey ouglit now to be in their
propei custody, and not a* Bosam, oi any othei
part of the United btit"s All that ouglit now
to be asked by the gentleman should be, tint he
might be peimittcd at Washington to mike such
an examination of, and take such txtucis Aom
them, as might be deemed noces*u> to the com
pletionoflnswoik Mi P i i'scd tlusobjccaon
last yeai, that toe money should no  be paid till
the ¡iiueisliid been cicliveicd, and he tuisted (hat
ti e balance would be withheld till that had been
(loin .
Mi WNDERPOEL had vot^d last session in
fivoi of the appiopiiition for the puich sl of
tl« so papus, mil In did so, as he believed the
mijoiitv. did, in the undeistandmg that they
vvouid come imm diaalj into tie hands of the
pui h tseis He had no iJt x that theie < xisttcl a
picwous ontrait by wlmh tin y could be de
t un d 1 hi y weie then told that the documents
relitne to icvolutionaiy claims wuealom. worth
double the raoii v
Yh EV1 RL1T (xplam d that all the papéis
on that subj rtwuo in the custody ft the D put
m<- it, ami, mileid, weie in the Distnct of Golum
bi i it the tunc  tin junchisc was m mi
Mi VNADIiPOIL was not pieviously
iw<. _ of iliat, but still it anpeared to him that
the House ought not to pay away the money
asked for without a full equivalent He had
been in favor of the appropnation first as relics
of the great Father of his Country, and then
because assurances were given that their posses-
sion would be the means of efectmg a great
saving of the public money For these reasons,
and others that might be urged, Mi V was un-
willing to vo'e for the payment of the balance of
the appropriation until the papers had been de-
livered up
Mr MERCERcalledtheattentionoftheHouse
to the fact that Mi Sparks had been engaged by
the Government in the compilation of the diplo-
matic history of the United States, and surely no
one would conceive these papers to be mseciiie
in such hands
Mi EVERETT would add, that Mr Sparks
was not only employed by the Government to
prepare this compilation, but he had been per-
mitted to take out fiom the Department of State
all the requisite revolutionary documents, and
that he had ananged, indexed, and put them in
regular order All that was asked the House
was to giant the same permission that had been
given by the late Judge Washington, whose rev-
erence feu his great relative would have prevented
his placing them where their security would be
hazarded
Mi JONES, of Georgia, begged to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts what amount of
money had been already paid >
Mi EVERETT said $20,000 out of $25,000,
the sum agieed upon
Mr JONES thought enough had b en done,
and he should be unwilling to pay any further
sum until the papers had been delivered Theie
had been considciable discussion on this subject
last year The jiosstssors of the pipéis fust
asked $20,000, and as soon as Congress agieed
to give that sum, and a bill had been repoited
for the pui pose, they then asked §25,000, and
now we find that theie is some contingency, or
lien, by which they aie withheld, and will be
withheld no one knew how long, even aftei the
whole sum should be paid Mr J said he felt
bound to vote against the resolutioi
Aftei a ftw fuithei íemarks from Mr EVER-
ETT, Mi VINTON, and Mi PARKER, who
read the act of last session—
Mr McVEAN said he could not see vv hat the
House had to do with Mi Spaiks The papéis
had been puichased of Judge Bishrod Washing
ton, and to him they had to loon for them, foi
there was no íeseivation m the contiact that we
were to receive them of Mi Spaiks The ques
Hon was, if they should pty the residue of the
money until the papers weie delivered up, and
Mi McV was of opinion they ought not, and
should vote accordingly
Mi MINERandMi BATESbueflysupported
the íesoluuon
Mi    CLAPTON   said  if these  papéis were
woith anything to the United States, it was plain
they had the light to them      Piom the contrict
made by the late Judge Bushrod Washington with
' Mi   Spaiks, this gentleman might ictain them as
long as he pleased, fo-it-vas lelf ontucly to him-
self" to say when he had done v/ith them     Ho
mi°-ht give them up whenever h" thought proper,
1 forCongiess had no power to take them out of
his hand , he having, by agieement, a pnoi claim
to then possession     Mr C   cxpicssed his in
tention oí voting against the passage o*"the íeso-
1 lution                                                                        .
Th  ycis and nays having been oideied, the
uestion was then taken, md decided in the nig
postpone, it was decided in the negative—ayes 75,
noes 76
Mr MERCER said*, to avoid along discussion
on this subject, and at the same time give the
House an opportunity for its mature consideia-
tion, he would piopose that it be postponed to a
foitmght from next Monday.
Mi GILLET moved that it be indefinitely
postponed
Mi WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, asked if this
question did not require a vote of two thirds of
the House to decide upon it, accoidmg to the
rules'
The CHAIR explained, and, without taking
the question on the subject of reconsideration,
the House passed to th" special order of the day,
being the bill for the íehef of Commodore Isaac
Hull, and th" amenlment of the Committee of
the Whole, striking out allowances foi compen-
sation as navy agent
Mi  PEARCE, of Rhod  Island, was in favor
of the amendment, and in opposition to the allow-
ances claimed
Mr BURGES followed m support of the claim.
Mr PARKER opposed it, and
Mr BINNEY stated th.. t he w shed to address
a few remarks to tlie House on this subject, and
was prepaied  to proceed if it was the general
wish longei to continue the sitting, but as the hour
was somewhat advanced, to try the sense of the
House, he would move an adjournment
The  motion was agieed to, and the House
adjourned______________________
questi
ative—veas 87, navs 101
,     So the lcso'utio l was íejccted
]                        ALCAAftDRH   CAÍ.AL.
Mi BOULDIN said that It had yesteidi}
voted undii some misappiehcnsion on the bill
fo the íehef of the city oi Alcxanu n He was,
like ma iv of ins constituents and colleagues,
onpo'od, fiom piiucip'^tothcsjscnofiitc ml
improvements, as a sv„ em   but if n  tiona legis
I lulon had inflicted local many he \ ould be one
of the fust to ii J -n it Such an lnjni V, he was
convinced, h id he< n mili ti d by the obstructions
ot the c'nnncl of the Potom ic He moved to
i.considei the vott of vestcidiy, and that it be
.postponed to the fii st Mondiym itbruaij next
1     The qiestion being   taki      ""
on the molitu to
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 10,1835
Mr  WATMOUGH, on leave, moved to print
the bill to íegulate the Navy, together with the
several pending amendments
Mi GILLE T moved to include an amendment
which he had offeied in committee, and which he
contemplated submitting in the House
Mi WATMOUGH acquiesced, when the mo-
tion as modified was agreed to
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mi POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, leported the following bill
A B 11 to suspend, conditionally, the receipt of
the bills and notes of the Bank of the United
States and its branches, in payment of debts
to the United States
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of th' United Slates afJima ica in Congress
assembled, That, from and after the passing of this
act, the bills or notes of the Bank of the United .
States made payable, or which shall have become
pavable on demand, shall not be receivable in
any payment to the United States Pi ox, ded,
That if said Bank of the United States shall pay
into the Tieasury the full amount of dividends
of pioperty on the capital stock of said bank
owned by the United States, heictofore withheld
fiom the Treasuiy by «ud bank, it shall, upon
such paymi nt into thi Treasuiy, be the duty of
the Secietaiv of the Tieasury to authouze the
receipt of such bills or notes in payments to the
United States, foi a peuod extending to the ex-
pnation of the chaitei of said bank, on the ód
day of M u ch, m the yeai 1836
fhc bill was i ad twice, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole on the state oí the
Un on
RATE OF DOMESTIC EXCHANGES.
Mi POLK, on leav , moved to punt a state-
ment pi paiud b5 the SeCietary of thcTieasuiy,
ot the rate of donn sin. exchange, es chaigeü by
the Bank of the United States and its blanches,
and the different local banks in the- Union
Mi WHITE, of New loik moved to print
five thousand extra copies of the statements re-
futed to                                                                     .
The motion lequinng the unanimous consent
of the House  and Mi   BRIGGS objecting,
Mi WHlxC moved to suspend the rule, in
oidei to enaule him to submit the motion, winch
was agie d to
Mi  WHITE then submitted the motion mdi-
CflM. MclvINLLY moved to amend tin motion
bvdueumg that ten thousand cxtia «.pies te
pinned,  intltad  of five   thousand, which was
116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
agreed to; and, thus amended, the proposition to
print was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. POLK gave notice that he would move,
on Monday next, to proceed to the consideration
of several appropriation bills—the Navy, Army,
and pension bilis—and, if possible, some others.
Mr. P. also stated that he was instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to give notice
that, on as early a day as practicable, a motion
would be made to take up the several bills relating
to the Bank of the United States. The committee
had hitherto abstained from pressing the consid-
eration of the bills to which he. had referred,
from a disinclination to interfere with the neces-
sary business of the House. He repeated that
the bills would be called up at the earliest pos-
sible period.
HOSPITALS ON THE OHIO.
Mr. CARR presented a joint memorial from
the Legislature of Indiana, soliciting aid from the
General Government for the purpose of estab-
lishing hospitals on the Ohio river,at such points
as may ailbrd relief to the sick and disabled
persons who navigate said river, &c; which
memorial  was   íeferred  to  lift  Committee  on
•  Commerce.
HEIRS OF JAMES  LATHAM.
Mr MAY moved to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the further consideration of
the bill fot the relief of the heirs of James Latham,
deceased, and that the Same be engrossed.
The motion was advocated by Messrs. MAY,
and  JOHNSON of Kentucky, and  resisted  by
Messrs. LANE and EVANS, and disagreed to.
REPORT  FROM  A COMMITTEE.'
Mr. WHITE, of New York, from the Com-
mit tee on Naval Aft'ai is, reported, without amend-
ment, the following bills:
A bill to alter the titles of certain officers of the
Navy; and
A bill to authorize the enlistment of boys in
8fae Navy of the United States.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in obe-
dience to a resolution of the House, additional
information on the subject of the Cumberland
road; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, communi-
cating the contracts entered into by the Navy
board for the year 1834; winch was laid on the
"table, and ordered to be punted.
CHARLES CALDWELL.
A bill for the relief of Charles Caldwell, of
Arkansas, was read a third time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Resolred, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post road from
Wilkesborough,byTrap Hill,in North Carolina,
to Grayson Court-House, in Virginia,and that a
petition to that effect from the citizens of Wilkes
and Ashe counties be lei'eired to the same com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, it !
was                                                                                |
Jtanlvcd, That the petition of LydiaParltlnust, I
presented at the last session, with the aecompa' j
nyiiiir papers, be referred to the Committee on i
lievolutionary Chums.                                               !
On motion of Mr. MrCARTY, it was                |
•     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post!
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire '■
into the expediency of establishing a postrante j
(rom Sooth ¡Send, by Laporte and the Upper '
Crossings of Salt creek, in Indiana, to Ottowa
in Illinois.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquiie into the expediency of
authoiizing a settlement of the claims of the
United States on die Bunk of Illinois, upon such
equitable and reasonable terms as will enable the
bank to make payment, and at the same time to
resume her banking operations.
January 10,
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
The following resolution, being the unfinished
morning business, was again taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject,
and report their opinion to this House, of the
most equal and just mode of applying the reve-
nues of the country to such works of public
improvement, within the respective States of this
Union, as may be necessary for the facilitating
of commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States; and that they, moreover, report
their opinion of the best and most practicable
mode of ascertaining and determining the nation-
ality and importance of such improvements as
may be proposed within the said several States.
Mr. CHILTON resumed his remarks by dis-
claiming any personal hostility towards, or any
intention or wish of assailing, from the line of
discussion he had been compelled to pursue, the
present Chief Magistrate of the United States.
Mr. C. had been drawn into this discussion as the
ardent friend of internal improvements. During
the last session of Congress he had taken occa-
sion to give his sentiments on this subject, and to
show that the views and hopes of the western,
country, in President Jackson, had been frus-
trated, and the pledges of that individual unre-
deemed. A very worthy gentleman, friendly to
the Executive, and whom Mr. C. was* proud to
call his personal friend, [Mr. Btndm. we believe,]
had then asserted that General Jackson had re-
deemed all his promises—which were, to put
down the system of internal improvements, abol-
ish the tariff, and to put down the Bank of the
United States. Mr. C. then look occasion to
assert otherwise, and had met with no reply 
The fact was, that it was in consequence of the
expectations excited by the previous course, the
declarations and pledges of General Jackson, that,
as soon as that individual was exalted to the high
station he now held, the table of that House w'as
literally loaded with petitions and memorials
from his friends west of the mountains, praying
for appropriations for objects of internal improve-
ment. The people of the West did consider that
up to that time iheir claims had been disregarded
by the course of the former occupier of the presi-
dential chair. The cry was reiterated, from day
to day, and Mr. C. himself responded to it at the
time, that gross injustice had been done the west-
ern country, and their interests and welfare had
been set aside, in carrying on works of internal
improvement, by the immediate predecessor of
General Jackson. Mr C. then entered into a
review of the course pursued by Mr. Adams, and
drew a contrast between his Administration and
that of the present Chief Magistrate in respect to
the same subject, the former of whom, so fir from
striving to crush the system, did all in his power
to foster and promote it.
Mr. C. then referred to the call made upon
General Jackson by Governor Ray, of Indiana,
previous to his first election, who invited him ex-
plicitly to give his sentiments on the subject, and
(Mr. C. added) if he failed in proving that the
President had changed his opinions and main-
tained the reverse of what he formerly did, he
would immediately surrender his seat on that
flooi, and consent to lose his character for con-
sistency and truth. He considered himself bound
to do this to contrast the opinions of General
Jackson himself; for if he should be able to show
that he held one set to-day and another to-mor-
row, that he avowed principles one day which he
repudiated thenext,this effect would be produced,
that whatever that individual "s opinions might be,
they were entitled to very little influence, or at
least to less than they would have if they had been
uniformly consistent and undeviatmg. Mr. C.
would invite the attention of the House to the
first act of General Jackson's administration on
this subject, viz: his veto of the Maysville and
Lexington road bill. In his last annual message,
in justification of the course he had taken, what
were the objections there made to that bill ?
That the improvement was local—that it began
and ended in the same State. Mr. C. said the
same objection might be made to every internal
improvement. Every improvement must be lo-
cated somewhere; and it was in vain to expect
an improvement to benefit all parts of the Union
alike, in a country so extended and diversified,
and with interests so various.    Did the President
entertain the same opinions when lie was in the
Senate of the United States, as when he vetoed
the Maysville and Lexington road bill? Mr. C
adverted to this to' show that he was but man
and might occasionally find himself in error, and
change, of course, just as other feeble mortals did.
Mr. C. here referred to the Senate Journals!
second session of the Eighteenth Congress, pa<*e
193, to show that General Jackson voted in the
affirmative on the bill authorizing a subscription
to the stock of the Delaware and Chesapeake
Canal Company, and that he also voted in the
affirmative on the amendment offered to that bill
authorizing a subscription for the stock of the
Dismal Swamp Canal Company. If appropria-
tions for interna! improvement (said Mr. C.) were
constitutional then, they were not less so now,
for not a solitary amendment had been made to
the Constitution of the United States since that
time. The obligations to support the Constitution
were as binding then as now. Here, then, is one
of the votes to which the friends of General Jack-
son in the West were referred when they were
called on to give him their suffrages, and this
offered a reason why so many applications for
appropriations for internal improvement were
made during the first year of his elevation to the
Presidency. Let him not be astonished over-
much, nor his friends here be astonished over-
much, that a great many applications were made.
Mr. C. was proceeding, when
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, called for the
orders of the day
CLAIM OF COMMODORE HULL.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special order of the day, being the bill for
the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull, and the
amendment agreed to in Committee of the Whole,
to strike out that part of the bill providing for the
payment of $6,500 for extra services as Navy
agent at the navy-yard at Washington, while
commanding tire same.
Mr. BINNEY took the floor in opposition to
the amendment, and in support of the claim. He
contended that the duties of Navy agent had been
performed .by Commodore Hull, and a spirit of
equity should impel the House to requite the
services so rendered, by a fair compensation.
He continued to advocate the claim in an argu-
ment of some length—going into a minute history
of the origin of the office of naval agent, and the
duties it has involved, at various periods, from
the earliest era of the Government. He also
examined the law of 1804, which provides for the
government of the navy-yard at Washington.
That law declares that '-the commandant at the
yard shall have the superintendence and care of
the same—¡hall perform the duties of Navy agent—
and receive the pay of a captain commanding a
squadron,"(fee. This law of 1804, he contended,
should be construed according to the true intent
and meaning of the law-giver. It was designed
to apply to the circumstances and exigencies of
the times in which it was enacted, some thirty
years ago. It had been tacitly considered inop-
erative up to 1829, when a new law was enacted.
It was unjust, he conceived, to revive it now,
under circumstances widely variant from those
under which it was made, and meant to apply.
Mr. B. continued his argument for more than an
hour, and was followed by
Mr. McKINLEY, who opposed the claim.
He thought there would be great danger in ad-
mitting the constiuction of the law contended for
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bin-
net,] as opening the door to favoritism and cor-
ruption. Mr. McK. hoped the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole would prevail.
Mr. HARDIN followed on the same side of
the question. The language of the law was clear
and definite, and could not be construed otherwise
than by its strict letter. In the course of his
remarks, Mr. H. produced a letter from the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, statins that
Commodore Hull, prior to his entering on the
duties of his office, wus explicitly informed of the
nature of all the duties required of him; and that,
at his own instance, he was allowed an extra
clerk, of his own selection, at a salary of fcl.UUO,
which was afterwards raised to $1,300. Mr. H
said this claift was but an entering wrdge, and
would form a precedent of the most dangerous
character     It would be far better to present Com-
1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
tnodorr Hull $100,000 as a giatuity, than to pass
Mr HEED again addressed th" House in favoi
of u Willi.i? this tla.m in tie bill, and the ques-
tion oi) tii> "amcndiiK nt of the Committee of the
moved that one thousand extia copies thcicof be
punted
At the suggestion of Mr KING, of Alabama,
the communication was laid on the table
Mr. LEIGH having shortly afteiwards taken
Wlioh tostnkcout the section was then taken i his si at, the sub]ect was taken up; and on his
by yeas and nays,and decided in the affirmative, | motion thewepoit was íefened to the Committee
as follows                                                                       M on Finance, with d rections to cons dertherepoit,
yC\S__Mcssis John Ad mis, Wi'liam Allen, ¡\ to  inquiie  into  the  practice   lefeired   to,  and
Anthony, BVan,B atv, I3< autnont, Blair, Bockee, whether it beiegularand judicious, and if not,
Bouldin, Biown, Bull, Bums, Bynum, Cam-J whcthei any statutoiy íegulations be ntcessaiy
brtlci s,   Campbell,   Carmicbael,   Carr,   Casey, '' to collect it
Ghanev,   Chilton,   Chmn,   Claiborne,   Samuel
Chrk, Willi im  Cla-k, OHy, Clownpy, Cotlee,
Cramei, Amos Davis, Divcnport  D iv. Deberry,
Diekirson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Fillmore, For-
tstei, Fowler,   Piulo   C    Fullei,  WiPiam   K
Fu'lei, Galbiaith, Gamble, Gdlet, Gilmer, Gor-
don, Giaiam, Grayson,  Gnftin, Joseph   Hall,
Thomas II Hdll,IIalsty,Hamei,Haidm,Joseph
M Hai pti, Hatnaw ay,Hawkins,Hawes, Heath,
Hiestei, Howell, Hubbaid, Inge, W lham Jack-
son, Jai es, Jarvis, Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn j|
Jones,   Bcnjanvn   Jones,   Kavanagh,   Kilgore,
Kmnard, Lansing, Lapoite, Luke Lea, Thomas   j
Lee, Love, Loyall, Lytle,  Abijah  Mann, Joel il
K  Mann, John Y Mason, Moses Mason, May, Il
McComas, Mtlutnt, McKay, McKinley, Me- ¡¡
Lene, Ml. Vean, Miller, Minei, Robert Mitchell,   ,
'Mooie, Moig-ui.Muhlenbeig, Muiphy, Osgood,
Parks,Paikei,Patton,Patt.rson,DuteeJ Pearce, n
Peyton, lianklm Pieice, Pinckney,   Pluminer, j,
Polk,   Pope,   Ramsay,   Reynolds,   Robeitson, i¡
Sohenck, Schley, Augustine H Sheppeid, Shinn, p
Smith,   Staiidcfn,   btoddeit,  William  Taylor,
Willnm P   Taylor, Fiancis Thomas, Thomson,
Tuinir, Tmuil, Vance, Vandeipoel, Wagener,
and Waiavvell—123                                                    I
XAY") — Messis    John   Ct   Adams,  Heman   ,
Ailm,   Tohn   T    Allen,   «Yiclm,  Banks,  Bvbei,
Bates, Bivlics, B nney, Buggs, Surges, Cage,
Chv'on, Ciane,  Dtnuigtan,   Denny,   Dickson,   |
Evans, Edvva.d Eveiett, flonee Eve tt', Ewing,
Fans, GuHiid, Gotham, Ilihnd Hal!, James
Haipei, Hamson, Hazelum , Hendeison, Hunt
ington, Eieiuzei Jarkson, Richard M Jol nson,
Ilcniy Johnson,  King,  Lane,  Lay,   Lincoln, ¡
Mdimiiig, Mdishdll, McKcnnaii, MoKim, Mei-
cer,  Milligan, Plnllips,  Potts,   Reed,   Rcnchei,
Slade,   Spangln,  Tiumbull,   Tweedy,   Vinton,
Ward,   Watmough,    Wayne,    White,    Elisha
Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wise, and Young
—Gl
xSo the claim was rejected     The bill was then
orteied to be-tngiosscd foi  a thud leading on
Monday next, as amended, and then
The House adjourned
in s^\ vrr
Mo\rii, Jtmiary 19, 1835.
Mi KING, of Georgit, lose and stated that
the Hon Allc t Cltubí-tii , SenUoi elect fiom
Geoig a, w is present, that he had lost his cie-
dentials, but as the case was not without piece-
dent, he moved that he be pel nutted to qa ilify
and take Lis seat The motion was agi.ed to,
and Mi Ct i iiisEiir was qualified aecuidingly, and
took his st at
PCnriOiNS,  MEMORIVLS.   ETC.
Petitions a .d memomls wpip piesented bv
Me-M* l\LLll, 1 VLLM\DGE, PORTER,
PRENTIbfe, WEBSTER, TIPTON, and
MOORE
EKECOriVE COMMUNICATIONS.
<V messa-n was received fiom the Piesident of
the in ud btite", coinm ungating a íepoi t of the
directoi ot the Mint, with a stittment of the
oni i itions of tint institution foi the yeai lb34
On motion of Mi Bemo\, the communication
w<>s oiduid to be piintid
Tne VICE PRESIDENT hid befoie the Si u-
att a communication from the Seeiet\iy of the
IVisiuy, in olxd t nee to the resolution submit
tt d on the 5th instant by Mi
Lmgii, calling tor
the loirespondcnce of tint D. putment with the
l.reivtis of public monev, m the couise of the
last yi ar                                                                  ,
Mi BEVTON íemaiked tint, as the gtntle-
n \n U om Virginia was not in his si at, he thought
it would be in acooidaiice with his wishes to
move that the communication bo punted, and he i
Tl<e VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a certificate of the reelection of Hon John
M C t ayti\, a Senator fiom the State of Dela-
waie foi six years from the 4th of Maicn next
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SMITH, from the J idiciary Committee,
repotted a bill for the relief of David MeCoid
Also, a bill foi the ttlief of Thomas L Wm-
tlnop and others, which was read the first time,
and ordeicd to a second leading.
Also, a bill for the lehef of David Beard, which
w is read the fust time, and ordeied to a second
leading.
Mr S , from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to which was íeferred the bill foi the
relief of the legal representatives of Colonel Wil-
liam Bond and Colonel William Douglass, re-
ported the same without amendment
Mi S also, from the same committee, re-
poited a bill for the relief of Captain George
Huilbiook
Also, unfavorably upon the petition of Lieu-
tenant Jol n Tavloi.
Mi ROBBIiNS, fiom the Library Committee,
reponed a resolution a ithonzin  the puichase of
fifty copies of thi Amencan Diplomats Code,
tor the use of the Senate
Mr R alsi, fiom the same committee, re-
poitedthe loint lesolution foi the purchase of five
hundied copies of Cyey & Lea's History of Con-
giess
DISTRICT B4.ÍVKS.
Mi   BENTON here rose and said, that as there
wen applications now befoie Congress for a re-
newal of the c'vai'i is of the banks of this Dis-
I met, he besged '(ave to submit to the Senate by
| way of notice,a pipei, containing the substance
of the amendmems which he intended to insist
on when the b 'Is should come up foi considera-
tion
I    That no application for a renewal of chartei
should be entei tamed in fa vol of anv bank which
has heietofoie failed or suspended payment, until
all me encumstances attending such failuie or
suspension shall have been fully examined, and
repoi ted upon by a committee of one of the Houses
ofConsciess
II    lhai banks of cnculation ought to be re-
duced n ni'mbti, not increased
|      III    That no  chutcr ought to  be renewed,
i gianud, oi extended, except upon the following
I fundamental  pi maples, (among otilas ) Fust,
The bank to p ly all its cuuency in gold and sil-
ver, the holder to have the light to lequi'e the one
h If in eold and the otl er half m silva, second,
1 No papú euirency to be issued, renewed,en paid
! out, of a 'ess diromimtion than twenty dollars,
, and thn 1, The stock holdeis.foi the time being,
to be habl  , each to the amount of his stock, foi
I the cucuhtion and deposi'S, on the failuie of the
1 bank to ledeem its cuuency, or pay its deports,
with sunimaiy pioeess foi  the itx^veiy, andSa
s^les and tiaifeis of stock to be void which sha 1
be adjudged  by i jmy, to have been made with
1 intent f> evade this liability
On Mi B 's motion tin paper was ordered to
be punted
LAW S FOR THE DISTRICT.
I      Mi   T"i LER, pursuant to notice, and on leave
«■ivcn, in roduced a bill  to provide a sys'em of
íkw s Í or the District of Columbia, which was read
twice and re'i ncd
1                          >OTICE OP A BILL.
Mi KING, of Alabama, puisuant to notice,
and on leave ¡rm n, introduced a bill to authorize
Geoige Bidw 11 to mipoit an no i steamboat, m
deUc?icd puts, fiee of duty
BWi. OF THE UNITED STATES.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Bevtov, and lying on the table, was taken up for
consideration*
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
msiiucted to obtain fiom the Bank of the United
States a copy of all instructions, if any, to the
branch banks, diiectmg them to collect and remit
Spanish milled dollars to the mother bank, the
number of such dolíais annually remrtted, the
rates at which they sold at different peiiods, (say
at or about the beginning of each quartei of the
year,) whethei the Bank of the United States has
sold such dollars to the United States, and, if so,
how many, and at what rates, how many it has
sold to otheis, or expoited to foreign countij.es,
also, a statement of the amount of gold coin, of
the amount of silver com, and the amount of bul-
lion, remitted to the mothpr bank, or elsewhere,
by hei ordei, annual'y, since the 1st day of April,
1832, also, a statement showing the amount of
silver com and of gold com remitted by the mother
bank to each bianch since that day, also, the
amount of gold com and the amount of silver
coin annually sold, or annually exported, by the
bank, since the said 1st day of Apnl, also, a
statement of the amount of gold received from
the United States Mint since the 1st day of
August last, and a statement of the whole amount
of gold on hand in the bank and its branches,
for each month, fiom April 1, 1832, to the present
time.
Mr TYLER said he defied to say but a woid
on this subject    He had no sort of objection to
the inquiiy,and wished to be so distinctly under-
stood.   The material allegation in the resolution
was in reference to the conduct which the bank
had puisued relative to the currency and com of
the United States, the call was for information
on this" subject      \.m\ he begged leave to say to
the Senate, that this mattei was made the subject
of specific inquiry by the committee of investiga-
tion of 1832  The Committee on Finance, dunng
the last summei, having ascertained that the sub-
ject was fully inquiied into in  1832, caiefully
examined and analyzed the report, and he was
ready now to affirm that the  counter íeport,
which was then made, was so conclusive that it
had relieved the committee  fiom the labor of
prosecuting their inquines into that subject.    In
leference to the bank bartering in the currency of
the country, he thought that charge had been
answeied by the exhibit appended to the report
of the Committee on Finance.   He thought that
by that exhibit it was shown, that  this  traffic
could not have been cai ned on    But if the honor-
able gentleman from Missouu thought that any-
thin  could come out of the inquiry, he had no
objection to it     He (Mr  T ) was ready to con-
demn the bank in all things in which it should
have eued, he was no friend of the bank, and
when we came to measure facts, it would be seen
that he stood so high in opposition to the bank
tint he was not to be shaken by anything which
should yet take place   Tt was not necessaiy for
him to make this disclaimei, but it came in his
way, and he had given utteiance to it.   But the
honorable gentleman from Missouri might have
information which the committee did not possess,
I and he (Mi  T ) was willing it sh mid be shown.
Mi    BENTON asked leave of the Senate to
1 amend the resolution by conecting a date in it.
All the letuins asked for came up to the 31st of
I January, 1831      He wished to mseit that day
instead of the 1st of Aptil     As to the subject-
mattei of the call, he would only say that it would
be haidly light to mention the information on
which he made the call     He might, to be sure,
be.mistaken in his information, and if it should
so appear, he would have no more to say on the
subject     As to the honorable gentleman s situ-
ation with íefeience to the committee and the
| bank, he (Mr  B ) pmyed God to grant him safe
deliverance—his   situation    seemed   sompthmg
[ wmse than walking on eggs, (to use an old max-
im,) or treading on buimig plowshares      But
I it was probable we should be able to measuie
facis before long
Mr TYLER lephed, that the honorable gen-
tleman fiom Missouri need not feel the slightest
1 concern for his ddiverance He was delivered
fiom Jaeksomsm-he thanked God he had got
ud of that He had, fiom his mothei 's lap, been
lanoht an old adage, which he should cling to
thiSugh life, that m all matters, political as well
as otheis, "honesty was the best policy.
118                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________Januarys,
Mr BENTON did not doubt the disinteiest-
edness and integrity which had always governed
the honorable gentleman fiom Virginia He
(M- S ) had heard him make several speeches
during the time he had the pleasure of associating
with him on this floor, and in all of them the
gentleman commenced and ended in the same
strain, upon his own high-wiought integrity and
disinteiestedness. So with regaid to this mattei,
of which theie was no occasion to have made
any obseivation relative to his integuty. But an
oppoitumty would be afforded foi measuung
swoids befoie long. He took this occasion to
make a public apology to the honoiable member
fiom Kentucky just before him, [Mr Bibb,]
which he had made the other day privately. It
was foi addiessmg the Senate upon the French
spoliation bill, when that gentleman was entitled
to the fiooi He was impelled by a sense of
duty to speak when he did, although much
against his personal wishes and inclination.
Mr TYLER said, that he would only say to
the honorable gentleman, that if he often made
declaiations of honesty, they were such declaia
tions as he meant to woik out his redemption by
As to measuring swords in debate, (he under-
stood the honorable gentleman in that sense—
Mi. Benton nodded assent,) he knew that gen-
tleman was much his supenoi, but he would be
always íeady to meet him
Mr BEN TON hoped this conversation might
be finished by an admonition, though a homely
one, which he begged leave to offti to the honoi-
able gentleman—" not to halloo till he was out of
the -woods "
Mi TYLER rejoined That was piecisely
the advice he would give the honorable gentleman
from Missoun
The resolution was adopted, after being amend-
ed by Mr Benion, so as to íequire a statement
of the gross amount of profits made by the bank
fiom the time it commenced opuations, up to the
1st Januaiy, 1831.
TRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The Senate then lesumed the consideration of
the bill making compensation foi Fiench spolia-
tions pnoi to 1800
Mr. WEBSTER having the floor, spoke about
two houis in support of the bill, and in reply to
the arguments which had been advanced against
it     When he concluded,
Mi CAHIOUN spoke bi íeíly in opposition to
the bill, and was i< plied to by
Mi   CLAY, in suppoit of it
Mi WEBSTER also lephcd briefly to Mr
Caliiolv
Mi BIBB then lose, and expiessed a wish to
be hcaid upon the question, when,
On motion of Mi. CL VY, the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Januaiy 12, 1835
Petitions and memouals weie piesented by—
Mi   JARVIS, of Mame
Mcssis OSGOOD and GRENNELL, of Mas
sachusetts,
Messis. TRUMBULL and YOUNG, of Con-
necticut,
Mcssis JANES, SLADE,and HALL, of Ver-
mont,
Mcssis CA.MBRELENG, WHITE, WARD,
riLLMORC, HAZELTINE, WARDWELL,
DICKSON, TURRILL, and DAY, of New
Yoik,
[Mi Ward piesented the petition of J A
Smith and '1   E Beekman ]
Missis BANKS,MUHLENBERG,CLARK,
and DLNNY, of Pennsylvania,
Mrssrs TLRNER, SJTODDERT, and Mc-
KfM, of Maryland,
Mcssis CHINN, MASON, and PATTON,
of Viiguua,
Mi.W   B  SHEPARD, of North Caí olma,
Mcssis CLAYTON and GAMBLE, of Geor-
ge
Messrs. BEATY, LYON, HAMER, and
MARSHALL, of Kentucky
[Mi Lyon, of Kentucky, pie«ented the peti-
tions of Benjamin Fn Ids and Thomas  Ravens-
ciait, officeis of the Illinois depaitment, in the
Viiguua State hue, praying to be allowed half
pay foi  life, upon  the   same puneiple  which
allowed half pay to the officers of the Illinois
regiments, having performed similai services,
and claiming to be embraced in the provisions of
the Virginia resolution of 1799.
Mr Beaty presented the memorial of sundry
citizens of Pulaski county, Kentucky, praying
Congress for an appropriation to improve the
navigation of Cumberland river, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens of the
same county, praying Congress to establish a
port of entry at Portageville, on the Cumberland
uvei, at the mouth of Laurel river ]
Messis. FORESTER and POLK, of Tennes
see,
Messrs CRANE, VINTON, MITCHELL,
SLOANE, WHITTLESEY, CHANEY, AL-
LEN, and LYTLE, of Ohio,
Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Messrs. McCARTY and KINNARD, of In-
diana
[Mi. Kinuard presented the petition of Wil-
liam J Posey, claiming compensation for a horse
lost in militaiy service in the late war with Gieat
Britain, which was referred to the Committee of
Claims Also, the petition of Robeit Mornson,
praying the correction of an error in the entry of
certain lands ]
Mr CLAY, of Alabama;
Mi   ASHLEY, of Missouri;
Messrs  MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois
[Mr. Reynolds piesented the petition of
Messrs Anderson and Greathouse, stating that
they settled some lands in the county of Macou-
pin, Illinois, which aie situated in the prairie,
some miles from timber They pray a credit of
ten years to be given in the puiehast, in consid-
eration that they íaise a certain quality and quantity
of timber
Also, the petition of some citizens of the frontiei
of Illinois and Michigan, stating their losses of
property by the hostile Indians m 1832, and
praying remuneration foi the same
Mr R íemaiked that he was on thefiontier
in that year, and fame that much damage was
done the fiontier inhabitants by the hostile In-
dians, and hoped remuneration would be given
them ]
Mi   LYON, of Michigan,
Mi   SEVIER, of Arkansas,
Mi   BURGES, of Rhode Island
Which petitions and memouals weie appropri-
ately referí cd.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The following íesolution,heretofore offeiedby
Mr Asm by, wis, on his motion, and by consent
of the Hoiibe, taken up, and agreed to
Resolved, That the Secittiiyof theTreasuiy
be lequosttd to letum to tins House the repoit
íetmcd to him, at the last session, of the com-
mission! is appointed to examine and ad]ust pri-
vate land claims in Missouri, with such íemarks
as he may think propel to make thereon
COMPENSATION TO NAVAL OrFICERS.
The following resolution, heretofore offeied by
Mr Brown, was, on his motion, considered and
agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to famish this House with a statement
containing the yearly amount of compensation to
which the post captims, misters rommandant,
lieuten ints, mastus' suigeons, surgeons' mates,
puiseis, chaplains, teacheis, nudsSiipnien, boat-
swains, gunners, caipenters, sail-mikeis, and
clciks in the Navy of the United States aic sev-
eially entitled, and which they actually receive,
undci the existing laws, and the mies and íegu-
lations of the Navv Department, designating par-
ticulaily the sums allowed and paid for the pay
and íaüons of the scveial officers themselves, and
for ti e pay, íations, and clothing of then ser-
vants, togethei with the sums allowed for house-
lent, fuel, candles, stationeiy, furnituie, com-
missions upon disbuisements and upon bills of
exchange, and also, the additional compensation
(if any) made to officeis while in command of
squad ions oi single ships, upon a home oi for-
eign station, or while in command of navy-yards
oi acting as navy commissioner, and the differ-
ence of compensation and allowances for sei vices
íendcied at sea fiom those which aierendeied on
shore, and also, the several sums usually allowed
and paid for travel, and for services and attend-
ance upon courts maitial, suiveys, and duties of
inspection, and for all or any other duties and
services not enumeiated or particularly mentioned
in this resolution, so far as the same can -be as-
certained by the Navy Department.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of William Maibeny, which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. C , fiom the same committee, reported a
bill for the íelief of the heirs of Louis Patterson;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. C , from the same committee, made an
unfavorable íeport on the petition of Greenwood
Lefloie, which was oidered to he on the table.
Mr. C , from the same committee, reported a
bill for the íehef of Zebulon Baxtci, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the íehef of John Tice;
which was lead
Mi. A buefly explained the object of the bill,
and moved that it be read a second time and
oidered to be engrossed, which was agreed to
Mr CHAMBERS, fiom the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the hens of Jean Challes Boudiean; which wal
read twice and committed.
Mi. BINNEY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, íeported a bill making appropriations
for the Militaiy Academy of the United States
for the year 1835, which was read twice and
committed
Mi. CHILTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill foi the relief of Noah
Miller, which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Stephen Critten-
den, which was read twice and committed.
Mcssis MARSHALL, CHILTON, FUL-
TON, McINTIRE, JANES, SCHENCK, and
TOMPKINS, each made unfavorable reports
fiom standing committees, upon various peti-
tions, &c , which weie ordeied to he upon the
table.
Mi THOMAS, of Louisiana, moved to sus-
pend the uile of the House, in oider that the
States and Temtones might be called for resolu-
tions, which was agieed to—yeas 116, nays 16.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr MANN.cTf New Yoik, offered the follow-
ing íesolution, which lies ovei one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to this House an abstract
of the items of all accounts and claims for the
compensation and allowances of eveiy kind for
the two last fiscal years, distinguishing each
year ending 30th Stptember, 1834, of the gener-
als, colonels, majors, and captains of the Army,
and also, of all the officers attached to the engi-
neei and topographical coips, which have been
actually paid ind allowed, with a geneial state-
ment showing also theaggiegate pay and emolu-
ments, mc'uding all stated and special allowances
paid and allowed to each commission officer of
the Aimy, name and rank of eveiygiade for
each yeai aforesaid, and the aggregate of the
whole
On motion of Mr ANTHONY, it was
Revolted, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions be instiucted to mquiie into the
expediency of gianting a pension to Robert
Mai tin, an ofieei of the Revolution.
On motion of Mi McKENNAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims be instructed to mqune into the expediency
ofgi anting to die hen s of Colonel George Morgan,
an officei of the revolutionaiy army, thefive years'
full pay, in lieu of half pay foi life to which he "
was entitled, and that they have leave to report
by bill oi otheiwise
On motion of Mi   DUNLAP, it was
Resolved,   That  the   Committee   on  Military
Affurs inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing an arsenal at or near the town of Memphis,
on the Mississippi liver
On motion of Mi   McCARTY, it was
Resolved, Xhat the Committee on Public Lands
be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
equalizing and teducing the salaries of íegisteis
of the s veiul land offices and receivers of public
moneys
Mr ¡VtcCAItTY offered the following resolu-
ti ni   which lies on the table one day
Resol cd, That the Piesident ot the United
States be íequcsted to tiansmit to this House
copies of all lctteis and coriespondence of all
InJian agents and sub agints, and othci persons
coi necicd with the Indian depai tment, now in
the executive 01 Wai Depai tment, 01 in the office
of the ( ommissioncr of the Geneial Land Office,
connected with, 01 lelatuo to, the t>uivey, loca
ti< 11, sale, and nil sfer of all Indian leserves of
laid?, since the yeai 1825, up to this time and,
also, all the oideisand communications fiomthe
Lxccutive of the U l ted States, throug1 the Wai
Department, or Gcncial Land Office, or other-
wise, in íefeience to «-aid surveys,locations, sales,
and tia-isfeis of Indian leseives, togethei with
maps and plots of said suivcys, and of the tracts
appioved and conñrm<>d by the President under
said tiausfcis and sales, and what remains unap-
piopriated that have been íeportedand submitted
for his appioval, together with the evidence of
tule
On motion of Mi   DICKSON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instiucted to inquire into the expediency
of granting a pension to William Rodney
On motion of Mr BURGES, it was
Resulted, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instiucted to mqune into the justice and expe-
diency of dnecting that the pension allowed and
gianted to Rhoda Neweomb, widdw of Lieu
tenant Henry S Neweomb, who died in the naval
seivice of the United States, shall commence at
the time ofhis death, and that they report by bill
or otherwise
Mi DEBERRY offered the following resolu-
tion   which lies on the table one day
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be íequested to communicate to this House a
statement showing the amount paid each year
towards the extinguishment of the public debt,
including pimcipal and interest, from the year
1817 up to the 1st of Januaty, 1835 and also the
amount of levenue paid into the Tieasury each
yeai since the yeai 1817 up to January, 1834,
and the estimates of the amounts receivable for
1834, together with the balance remaining unap
propuated in the Treasuiy at the close of each
of tiiose yeais
Mr IAON, of Michigan, offeied the following
resolution   which lies on the table one day
Retched, That the Secietaiy of the Tieasury
be duected to furnish this House with a copy of
the decision of the Commissioners on all private
laud claims at Michihmacmic, Gieen Bay, and
Píame du Chien, togethei with connected plats
and copies of the field notes of all such claims as
liave been suiveyed at cither of the aforemen-
tioned places
On motion of Mr  SEVIER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commeice
be instiucted to mqune into the expediency of
establishing a maime hospital at the mouth of
\V lute rive1!, in Aikansas, and that the memorial
of the Legislatuie of Aikansas Teiutory upon
this subject be again leftned to that Committee
On motion of Mr  MERCER, it was
Resolied, That the memouals presented at the
last sess on of Congicss, and íefeued to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, lespectmg the west
cin section of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
together w ith tile  resolution   of the Gcneial As
scmbly of Pennsj Kama, on the same subject, he
again lefened to the same committee
On motion of Mr  EWING, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post
•Office and Post Roads be instiucted to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post loute
fiom Biadt >id, Lawience county, via Obadiah T
Barkci s, Slink u d 's> Milk, and Benjamin Staf-
foid's, Gieen county, to Caledonia, in Sullivan
county, Indiana
On motion of Mi WHITTLESEY, of New
"Voik, it was                          •
Resohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to mqune into the expediency
of placing Solomon Case on the pension list.
On motion of Mr  CLAYTON.it was
Resohed,   Tint  the  Committee on   the Post
Office and Post Roads be instiucted  to inqune
into the expediency of abolishing the franking
pnvtlege, oi to amend the laws on that subject so
as to pievent future abuse theieof
On motion of Mr TOMPKINS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commeice
be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a poit of entry at Cowling Gieen, on
Big Bancn nvei, in the State of Kentucky
On motion of Mr BLAIR, it was
Resohed, lhat the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire in o the expediency
of allowing the claim of James Puller foi aliens
of pension, and that the petition anu evidence
piesented at the last session be again referred to
said committee
On motion of Mr  STANDEPER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to mqune into the
expediency of establishing a  post íoute  fiom
McMeanville, Tennessee, to Dallas, in the same
State
On motion of Mr DUNLAP, it was
Resohed, That the Commute  on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inqune into the
expediency of establishing a post route from the
town of Bolivar, in the State of Tennessee, the
nearest and most practicable route to intersect the
mail route fiom Natchez, to Nashville, at or near
Canton, jn Madison county, in the State of Mis-
sissippi
On motion of Mr RLY1N0LDS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instiucted to mqune into the
expediency of establishing a mail  route  from
Equality, by Monioe, Dow's Mills, and Bam
bridge, to Brownsville, from Paducah, in Ken-
tucky, by Copeland's,m Illinois, to Vienna, and
from Belleville, by Talbot's, to Pmckneyville,in
Illinois
On motion of Mr LYON, of Michigan, it -«as
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instiucted to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post íoute
fiom Whitesford, in the county of Monroe,
Michigan Teintoiy, to South Bend, in the State
of Indiana, also, a post route from Toledo to
Dundee, both in the county of Monroe, in said
Terntoiy
Mr HUBBARD, by consent, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish this House with an estimate of the
cost of finishing the removal of the obstructions
to the safe navigation of the Arkansas river,
together with a copy of Captain Shneves's report
upon that subject
On motion of Mi   BEAN, it was
Resohed, That the memorial of the town of
D*over, New Hampshne, presented at the last
session and not acted on, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
On motion of Mi  TULTON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to mqune into the piopnety
of placing Huam Saul, Jr , a soldier of the late
war, on the pension roll
The folio wins íesolution w as submitted by Mr
PEARCE, which lies on the table one day
Resohed, That the Secietary of the Navy be
duected to communicate to this House a copy
| of t.ie leportmade to the Navy Depai tment by
John N Reynolds, October 9, 1829, describing
a number of the islands, reefs, and shoals, in the
Pacific ocean, and on the noithwestein coast of
Amenca
The following resolution was submitted by Mi
M'UNN, ot ISew Yoik, which lies on the table
one day                                                      „ ,   ^r     i
Resohed, That the Secietaiy of the \avy be
requested to conimumcxte to this House an ab-
stract oT the items of all the accounts and claims
for compensation and allowances of every kind
for the last two fiscal year', distinguí lung each
yeai, ending 30th Septembei, 1834, of the cap-
tains, masters commandant, lieutenants, puisers,
and navy agents of the ISavy, with a geneial
statement, showing also the aggicgate pay and
emoluments, including  all  stated  and  special
allowances actually paid and allowed to each
commissioned officei of the Navy, by name and
rank, of eveiy grade, and where stationed (excep-
ting midshipmen) foi each year afoicsaid,and the
aggiegate of the whole
Mr MARTIND4LE offered the following
resolution, which was íejected
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Can ds be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of causing to be suiveved and laid out, a
national road, with a view trrthefutuie constiuc-
tion theieof on the Mc\dam plan, leading from
the city of INcw Yoik, thiough the tier of coun-
ties east of the Hudson n ver, to the city of Troy,
thence in the mostdnectand practicable íoute to
the village of Whitehall, at the head of Lake
Clmmplain,and thence down the western margin
of said like to the northern boundaiy of the
United States, with an estimate of its piobable
cost
Mi LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instiucted to inqune into the expediency of
appiopnating a portion of the íefuse public lands
to aid the State of Indiana in constructing a canal
from the national load in said State, down the
valley of White Watei to Lawrenceburg, on the
Ohio nvei
Mr McCARTY suggested that the subject
embraced in the resolution had been heietofore
íeferred to a standing committee
The íesolution was then rejected
REPORT FROM   THE MINT.
The SPLAKLK laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a íeport from tne Dnector of the
Mint, of the opeiations of that establishment for
the year 1834, which,on motion of Mi Polk, was
laid on the table, and oidered to be punted
Mr POLK remaiked, that the operations of
the Mint had greatly ineieased during the last
year, and he thought it desirable that an extia
numbei of copies of the repoit of the director
should be punted He accoidmgly moved to
punt five thousand additional copies, which was
agieed to
DISTRICT PENITENTIARY
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage fiom the Piesident of the United States,
transmitting the sixth annual report of the In-
spector of the Penitential y in the District of Co-
lumbia, made pursuant to law, which, on motion
of Mr Chink, was íeferred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia
WORKS AT PRESQUE ISLE HARBOR.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Secietaiy of Wai, in response to a res-
olution of the 2d instant, in relation to the works
on Piesque Isle Harbor, which was laid on the
table
SEN\TE BILLS  REFERRED.
The following bills fiom the Senate weie read
twice and committed
A bill for the lehef of Henry B Tylei, execu-
tor of Colonel Riehdid Smith, deceased,
A bill for the lelief of McKean Buchanan, and
A bill for the relief of William Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
The bill amendatory of the act for the con-
struction of a budge acioss the Potomac, at
W-ashmgton, came up on its third leading
Mi H4RDIN said he was in favor of this bill,
but he had been requested by a gentleman whose
propeity bordeied on the Potomac, and the site
of the intended bridge, (Colonel Mason, who was
appiehensive, if the proposed plan should be
adopted, that his property would be injured,) to
move its postponement
Aftei a few words tiom Mr MERCER, the
motion to postpone the fuither consideiation of
the bill till this day fortnight was agreed to
BILLS PASSED
The following bills weie lead the thud time
and passed
A bill to change the place of holding the district
coiuts  of the United States for the distuct of
Mississippi, and
I     A bill foi the ¡elief of Commodoie Isaac Hull
120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
BELIEF OP ALEXANDRIA, D. C.              ]
The motion to reconsider the vote rejecting the
bill for the relief of the city of Alexandria, was,
on the suggestion of Mr. Mercer, further post-
poned to this day two weeks.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. POLK moved that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, in order, to take up the appropriation
bills.                        *                                ,   .
Mr. WATMOUGII said he was as desirous as
any gentleman that the appropriation bills should
be taken up and considered; but he hoped the
bill to regulate the pay "of the Navy would be
allowed to progress, since it would occupy very
little time.
The motion to postpone all the orders of the
day was then agreed to—ayes 63, noes 57.
A question of order was then raised by Mr.
WISE, as to whether two thirds or a bare ma-
jority were requisite; and, after some conversa-
tion between Messrs. WISE, BRIGGS, and
WATMOUGH,
The CHAIR decided the motion to be carried.
The House then, on motion of Mr. POLK,
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hubbard in the
chair,) and took up the bill (No. 566) making ap-
propriations for the payment of the revolutionary
and other pensioners of the United States for the
year 1835.
Mr, POLK made a brief explanation, and the
bill was considered, agreed to, and ordered to be
reported to the House without amendment.
The committee then took up the bill (No 599)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year 1835, and after some unimportant amend-
ments, it was laid aside, and the committee took
up the bill making appropriations for the Indian
department for the year 1835.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the bill by
adding, "For the pay of a clerk for the office of
supermtendentof the department of Indian affairs
at St. Louis, ft],000."
Mr. POLK said he concurred in the propriety
of the proposed item. A clerk was certainly ne-
cessary, and the reason of the omission in this
bill by the Committee of Ways and Means, was
because the subject had been inferred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.. He was willing that
the amendment should be adopted, if the"com-
mittee thought this bill the proper place for it.
Mr. GRENNELL suggested that this would
be a departure from the usual practice, wince it
seemed to be the settled policy of the House that
the Committee of Ways and Means should re-
port appropriations only for existing laws and
existing offices; and the effect of adopting the
proposed amendment would be tantamount to
creating a new office.
After a few remarks from Mr. ASHLEY, in
explanation, the question on his amendment was
taken, and lost—ayes 35, noes 89.
The bill was then ordered to be reported to the
House, without amendment.
The committee then took up the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army fur
the year 1835.
Mr. MANN, of New York, begged to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether any appropriations in
this bill were greater than heretofore ?
Mr. POLK. I can answerthegentleman; there
were none of a greater amount than in former
years, but, on the contrary, considerable redac-
tions.
Mr. MANN would be glad to know what they
were.
Mr. POLK referred particularly to the contin-
gent expenses, which were last year §344,000,
and this year $328,000. The aggregate decrease
in the expenses of the Army .by the present bill
would be $500,075. Mr. P. proceeded to refer
to,various other items which had been curtailed.
He then moved to amend the bill by adding, after
the eighth line, " for arrearages of the pay depart-
ment of the Army, $608,055," and produced
various documents from the War Department,
and from General Macomb, which were read by
the Clerk, going to sanction the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. MANN thought this claim, which was for
extra services rendered by General Macomb, had
better be left to the ordinary and usual legislation
of the House — the Comnfittee of Claims — by
which it would undergo careful and rigid exam-
ination.
Mr. POLK remarked that the gentleman's re-
marks did not apply to the present bill, but to
one reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, and passed at a former session.
Mr. MANN made some further remarks, which
were not distinctly heard; reiterating the dangers
which he apprehended from this constant increase
of salaries and perquisites of office.
Mr. WILLIAMS opposed the amendment—
not that he was in possession of any facts whether
the claim were just or not, but because (as we
understood him to say) it was presented m an
irregular manner Before the award should be
made by the House, it should be investigated by
one of Us standing committees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said the claim
of General Macomb had been investigated by
the Military Committee, who were convinced of
its justice. He hoped it would not be rejected
because it had not undergone all the requisite
formalities, since it had been found correct and
equitable both by the WarDepartmentand a com-
mittee of that House.
The question on the amendment was then put,
and rejected.
Mr. POLK then offered one or two other verbal
amendments; which were adopted. The bill was
then, with the amendments, ordered to be reported
to the House.
On motion of Mr. MANN, the committee then
rose, and the chairman [Mr. Hubbard] reported
the bills to the House.
The bill making appropriations for the Navy
Department, for the year 1835, was then, on
motion of Mr POLK, taken up in the House,
the amendments of the committee agreed to, and
the thiee bills ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading to-morrow.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 13, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. HENDRICKS and TYLER.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial from
the General Assembly of Indiana, piaying an
appropriation by Congríss for the establishment
of ix lin'* of hospitals on tho Ohio ri\er; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
RDPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported unfavorably upon the petition
of the Sac and Fox Indians, complaining of the
manner in which their annuities were paid.
Mr. ¿V. said that the committee thought the
laws in existence provided a sufficient remedy
for any inconvenience which existed, with regard '
to the payment of Indian annuuies, and on his
motion the committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; and the peti-
tion was referred to the Secretary of War.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
ported unfavorably upon the petition of Charle%
Loosan, and were discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred tho bill for the relief of Col-
onel Gad Humphreys, reported the same, and
gave information that when the bill came up, he
would move for its indefinite postponement.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, to which was re-
ferred the bill for the relief of Colonel John Thorn,
John Henderson, and others, reported; which
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill for the relief of Charles J. Catlett;
which was read the first time and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Robert Joyce, deceased;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading
Mr. POINDEXTER, from'tho Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of James L. Stokes and others, reported
unfavorably upon the same.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
The following resolutions were submitted;
By Mr. WAGGAMAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the establishment of a marine
hospital ni the city of New Orleans
By Mr. HILL:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to communicate to the Senate so much
of the correspondence of his Department, with
Loannni Baldwin, as relates to his compensation
as superintendent of dry-docks and inspector of
navy-yards, together with copies of all accounts
rendered by him connected with his services in
the inspection of navy-yards.
NOTICE  OF A BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of William O'Neill
BILL POSTPONED.
The bill for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crew of the private armed brig Neptune and
Fox, was taken up for consideration; and,
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, it was postponed
till to-morrow.
BILLS ORDERED TO   A THIRD READING.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Samuel Bragdon and
David Chase;
A bill for the relief of Charles Gordon;
A bill for the relief of Humphrey B. Gwath-
may;
A bill for the relief of Peter H. Green and
William Emerson; and
A bill to increase the pay of the marshal of the
district of Delaware.                                   
ROAD PROM LYME CREEK.
The bill making an appropriation of $20,000 to
'.ompletc the road from Lyme creek, in Alabama,
to Cliatahoochce, opposite Columbus, came up
for consideration.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, briefly explained the
necessity which existed for this appropriation—
that the road led directly from the seat of gov-
ernment to New Orleans, and was indispensable
for the transportation of the great southern mail.
Mr. POINDEXTER made a few remarks in
favor of the bill; when
" Mr. KING, of Georgia, express-id a disposi-
tion to vote against the bill in its present shape,
on the ground that the two per cent, fund, re-
served for such purposes, was laying idle in ihe
Treasury—this amounted to about gl 15,000, But
he declined entering into an examination of the
matter now, and moved to lay the bill on the
table, to enable him to prepare an amendment,
requiring the appropriation to be taken out of the
fund alluded to.
Mr. KlNG,.of Alabama, made some explana-
tion of tho nature of the two per cent, fund spoken
of; but did not oppose the motion to lay the bill
on the table; and it was then agreed to
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making compensation for French spoliations
prior to 1800.
Mr. BIBB commenced by observing that he
fully agreed with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Webster,] that this question was
truly a judicial question; one to be determined
by the law of nations. He believed the justice
of those claims turned wholly on the guaran-
tee. That if France had large claims against '
us, justly due to her in consequence of, and
growing out of the guarantee; and if these claims
of France had been exchanged for the claims
of our citizens—-if this was the true state of the
case he would acknowledge the justice of the
bill before the Senate. But he did not believe it
could be maintained — he did not believe the
rights of our citizens had been bartered away
by the Government — he did not believe that
France had any mstclaims against us, arising from
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES,
23d Cosorkss, í!o Ses;iok.
MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1835.
Vol. 2.....No. 8.
the guarantee,    Mr. B. wai well aware that the |
interests of nidiv.duth ought to be supported by I
their Governments to a cenain degree, but he did :
not think that Governments were bound to push '
such interest to the (Xtremity of war—he did not '
admit that the rights of the whole were to be i
jeoparded by the ciairns of individuals—the safety
of tneconitii'iiiuy was paramount to the claims of ;
private citizens     lie would proceed to see if the
interests of our cit.zens hmi been neglected by this
Government. These claims haie bet-n urged,said  |
Mr. B., from yeai  to year, wnh ail the earnest-  !
ness and z-al due from Uie nation. Cut they went  i
on from bad to worst, till negotiations were in vain.   |
We then assuir.ei! a hostile positio.i.    During the   i
year '98 rnoie than twenty laws  were passed by   I
Congress upon this very Mil jec.t—some for raising   j
troops—some f<r providing aims and munitions ¡|
of wai—^o.iie for fitting out a naval force, and so |!
on.    Whs this negoiLiting the claims of our cu-  !
izens?    We went as  far as the interests of the .1
nailon would permit.  Wepiosecuted these claims i!
to the very verge of plunging info that dreadful ,
war then  desolating Europe.    The Government
then issued its proclamation of neutrality and non- j
intercom se.
Mr. li- next proceeded to show that Prance had \
no just claims upon us, arising from the guarantee, i
This guarantee, said Mr. B , was not considered
bmuing, even by France Pierseif, any further than
was   consistent   with   our   relations   with   other
nations; that it was so declared by her Minister; ;
and, moreover, that she acknowledged the justice
oi'our neutiality. Theje treaties had been violated
by Fran-e, and the United Stales could not surely '
be bound by ireaiies which she had herself viola-
ted; and, consequently, we were under no obliga-
tion on account of the guarantee.
Mr. B. went on to show thai, by the terms of
the treaty of  1&00. the debts due to our citizens
had not been relinquished; that as the guarantee
did not exist, arid as the claims had not been
abandoned, Mr. B. concluded that  these claims
ou ht not to be paid  by this Government.    He '
was opposed to going back thirty-four years to !
sit in judgment on the constituted authorities of j
that   time.    There should   be a stability in  the .
Government, and he was not disposed to question j
the judgment of the man (Washington) who has
jusity been called the firft in war and trie first in
peace.    We are sitting here to rejtidge the decis-
ions of the Government thirty-four years since.
When Mr  BIBB concluded—
Mr. SÜEPLEY moved an amendment to the
bill providing mat the five millions appropriated
«hall be in full satisfaction of all the claims for
French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. WEBSTER said he saw no objection to
the amendment. The five millions in the bill was
not an arbitrary sum, but he thought it bore the
same proportion that the appropriation did for
satisfaction of the Florida claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. PRENTISS said that as he was a mem-
ber of the committee which reported this bill,
it might be expected that he would give an ex-
pression of his views upon the subject of it. He
foibore to enter into the inquiry wheiher war
existed between the united States and France,
or not, because all this was superseded by the
treaty of 1800. We weie bound to look to ihe
basis' on which that treaty was finally concluded.
He thought the whole matter neither complex
nor difficult. The justice of the claims upon
France never had been denied by that Govern-
meni; and it was fully proved, if a doubt existed
on the subject, by the tone and language of
the public journals of the (lay. Having admit-
ted them, France set up counter claims on her
part, and her claims relative to the islands, gave
rise to great uneasiness and trouble to theGovem-
ment of the United States. France continued to
press her claims, until, by the treaty of 1800, it
was conceded the claims oí both nations were sub-
sistin".    And the final coneuromationof the whole
8
was that the release of the claims on the one side
was a release of those on the other. This was
Mr. Madison's opinion,and he was fully compe-
tent to form a correct judgment on the subject.
No one, he thought, who would examine the doc-
uments on the subject, could deny the justice of
the claims, and if they were released, it followed
that the Government of the United States had
appropriated private property to public use, and
of course were bound to make compensation there-
for. Mr. P. disclaimed any interest or partiality
for the claims, as he did not believe that a single
citizen of his Stats had one cent to receive from
ihem should they be allowed. He believed they
were founded in justice, and, therefore, he would
vote for the bill.
Mr. WEBSTER said he did not wish to pro-
tract the debate. Some gentlemen who desired to
vote upon the question were absent from indis-
position, and, therefore, he would move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill to Mon-
day next, with the expectation ihat a vote upon
the question might be taken at that time.
The motion was agreed to.
FRENCH  RELATIONS.
Mr. CLAY rose and said, that he had yielded
, to the solicitations of his friends, by moving to
I postpone the consideration of the report and res-
i olution of the Committee on Finance upon our
¡ relations with France, which was made the special
i order for this day, till to-morrow.    His sense of
! the necessity of a prompt disposition of this sub-
ject was so strong, that he gave notice that  he
! would then insist upon its being taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr.  WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
afier which
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 13, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were, by consent, pre-
sented by—
Messrs. LYTLE and CRANE, of Ohio;
Mr. HEATH, of Maryland; and
Mr -CHINN, of Virginia;
Which petitions and memorials were referred.
,     Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
¡ Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
'! hfciis  of   John   Brahan, late  receiver  of   public
I moneys at Huntsville, Alabama; which was read
i twice and commuted.
! Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee of Ways
'' and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
! for certain roads, and examinations for surveys
i for the year 1835; which was read twice and corn-
il mitted.
!i Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee of Ways
;i and Means, reported the following resolution;
!! which was agreed to:
1 Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing six acres of ground adjoining fort
McHenry, in the State of Maryland, for tne use
of the United States.
Mr. BOON, by consent, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was agreed to:
*R*solved, That the CommitteeoñthePostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
e-pediency of establishing a post route irom Proc-
torsville to Mount Prospect, in Crawford county,
Indiana.
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to authorize a writ of error
¡n certain cases relating to patent rights, to the
Supreme Court of the United States; which was
read twice and postponed for two weeks.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, from th«
Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a biH
authorizing the payment of an outfit, and to pro-
vide for certain expenditures of Nathaniel Niles;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to purchase certain
land near Baltimore; which was read twice and
committed.
Unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c, were
made by Messrs. WILLIAMS, GILMER, and
SLADE; which were laid on the table.
Mr. McCARTY moved to reconsider the vote
of yesterday, rejecting the following resolution
suhmiited by Mr. Lane:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of appropriating a portion of the refuse public
¡ lands, to aid the State of Indiana in constructing a
1 canal from the National Road in said State,down
the Valley of White Water to Laurenceburg, on
the Ohio river.
Mr. McCARTY remarked, that when this reso-
lution was offered yesterday, he was under the
impression, as he suggested at the time, that the
subject-matter embraced in it had been previously-
referred to a standing committee. Upon exami-
nation, he discovered that he was mistaken; and
he had therefore moved a reconsideration of the
vote-, and hoped the resolution would be adopted.
Mr. LANE said, he regretted he could not, in
justice to himself, accept the kind aid of his good
feeling colleague, [Mr. McCarty,] in the motion
he had made to reconsider the vote of yesterday,
I rejecting the resolution he had the honor of pre-
' sentmg to the House for adoption. That it was
his intention to present it anew to the House,
locating its commencement.
That he had made no effort to carry the resolu-
tion on yesterday, after the statement of his col-
league, [Mr. McCarty,] " (hat the subject embraced
« in Ihe resolution had been heretofore referred to a
'standing committee." He supposed the state-
ment true, for he had not supposed it possible for
his colleague, or any other gentleman on this
floor, to hazard any statement of which he was
not fully apprized. But on examination, said Mr.
L., he had become satisfied that no such resolu-
tion, as supposed, had been referred.
The resolution under consideration, called for
an inquiry into the propriety of appropriating a
portion of the refuse public lands to aid the State
in constructing a canal from the national road
down the valley of White Water, the Ohio, at
Laurenceburg. The resolution of his colleague
[Mr. McCabty] was an inquiry into the proprie-
ty of " a grant of each alternate section of the wnap-
> propriatei lands on each side of a road leading from
' Laurenceíurg to Fort Wayne, in Indiana."
Mr. L. said, that upon the route of the road in
this resolution for the first seventy miles, so far as
his information extended, there would not be on
either side of said road, one acre of public land to
set apart for the road.
That the resolution he had the honor of present-
ing, and which had been rejected upon the ob-
jection and statement of his colleague, was to aid
the State in constructing a canal connecting the
national road with the Ohio, passing through the
valley of White Water, the richest, and oldest,
and most populous portion of Indiana.
The question, said Mr. L., is with the House
for their decision; but that he would prefer pre-
senting the resolution anew to their reconsidera-
tion.
I    The motion to reconider the vote rejecting the
! resolution, was then negatived.
'>     Mr GAMBLE asked the consent of the House
¡ to take up a resolution, heretofore offered by him,
calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury for a
plan.lf practicable, for the safe-keeping and dis-
bursement of the public moneys,  without the
agency of a bank or banks.
"Objection being made, Mr. GAMBLE moved
122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
to suspend the rule for the purpose of taking up
the resolution, which was negatived
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr  CHILTON, was again taken up
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject
and report their opinion to this House, of the
¿host equal and just mode of applying the revenues
of the country to such works of public improve-
ment within the íespeetive States of this Union as
may be necessary for the facilitating of commerce
with foreign nations, and among the several States.
And that they moreover report their opinion of
the best and most practicable mode of ascertaining
and determining the nationality and importance of
such improvements as may be proposed within
the said several States.
Mr CHILTON continued the line of argument
he pursued when he last adriiessed the House, by
refeinng to the respective votes given by General
Jackson and Mr Van Buren, in the Senate of the
United States, in the Eighteenth Congress, the
former of whom invaiiably voted m support of,
and the latter in opposition to, objects ot internal
improvement Mr C quoted tne votes on the
Cumbeiland road bill, and the amendment pro-
posed to that measure by Mr Smith, and others,
and lead many extracts from the Journals of the
Senate, all of which went to show, among other
things, that if Mr Van Buren preservedh if consist-
ency he would make a veiy indifferent Piesident
for the interests of the w'estein countiy,and which
he ttusted would be borne in mind elsewheie, if
not in that House General Jackson, in Mr C 's
opinion, was then light, but if so, he comd not
now be right, unless both sides of the question
could be right, for he now opoosed what he then
supported It vas not for him, however, to ac
count for the strange inconsistencies of public
men, noi for the s'iange union that sometimes took
place, all of a sudden, between men heietofore ot
opposite principles He had only stated facts,
and pioved them upon the testimony of undem
able record He hoped he had been successful in
showing that the course advocated My General
Jackson in 1823—'4, had been precisely the leveise
of the couise he pursued now, and hehad finished
this branch of his aigument He disclaimed any
perbonal feeling on t'ie inconsistency of that gen-
tleman, but he had experienced that the man who
adhered to his prin iples, and refused to fly from
them, was denounced, and sauificed undei the
chaiacter of an apostate, while the man who could
lead thousands aftei him, mignt renounce Ins
former principles, pursue an opposite couise, and
be eulogized to the skies
Having said as much as he intended on the
couise of General Jackson, it would not be amiss
to inquue how the public money had been dis
posed ol and distributed during the present Ad-
ministration The public Treasuiy was the com-
mon psoperty of all, and no one portion or section
of the country was entitled to preference ovei
another It would be seen that gioss pirtiality,
of the most invidious chai actei, had been exeicised
in i s distribution foi objects of internal improve
ment, so much so, that he had rither see it bus
pended, or foiever abandoned, than earned on as
it had been He was for equil justice, and f>i
seeing its benefits equally d iTuseJ thioughoU
eveiy portion of die [it ipli Mi C said hehad
at considerable labor, from a close comparison of
the different lepoifs made 'othat Jlou^e, nrcpared
a table ihowm  the different sum" expended for
fortifications, 1 ght houses and wuks of internal
improvement geneially, wlii h would show the
mode and niannei in wmch h s s}stem had been
earned on He muted the mention of membets
to it particu'arly for every member 1 id eonsttt
uents, arid ino e constituents weie all ínteres ed
in ti  s ques ion
[Mr C here real a s atement, exhibit! ig the
sums that had been ap¡ lopnated by Congress foi
the three objects aoo^e inferred to, classed ui del
tl ediffeie itb ites ant! Territories, and innoureed
his intention of publishing it heieaftei, m a coi
recuj loim ]
Fiom t'i s, «aid Mi C , i' would be percened
what gross, injustice had been done to «everal
States Laige amounts had been expended for
the eas ern States, while, m some cases, none,
and in most of the western States very little had
been appropriated for them. What apology was
there for this invidious distinction' He knew of
none that could be urged, but this, that the west
ern country, from its peculiar position, not being
on the sea board, having neither fortifications,
harbors, light houses,&c ,noi needing any, there-
fore required no portion of these appropriations,
or were not entitled to any All that we needed in
aid of our commerce was the construction of road*
and the improvementof our rivers Now, he would
call upon  very one, from the President down to
any one of his friends, either in that House or
out of it, to exhibit that constitutional authority
which authorized improvements by the General
Government on the sea board, which did not apply
equally to those inland ' In what part, or in what
clause of the Constitution of the United States,
was the distinction diawn ' I assert this position
said Mr. C Either that the whole or both are
constitutional, or that they are unconstitutional
There was no distinction of cases whatever, there
was no half way couise between them If one
was constitutional, the other was equally so He
should be glad to hear any gentleman point out
the distinction, or refei to a solitary section or
law in the Constitution of the United States, tnat
authorized the makirg of one class of impiove
ment, that did not equally authonze the construc-
tion of others No such distinction did exist—
and he would defy the most finished or acute lati-
tudinarian to point it out Hehad heard it assert
ed, that those improvements had been made under
the authority of that clause of the Const tution
which says that Con'ress shall have power " to
legulate commerce with foreign nations," but how
could it have escaped the observation of gentle
men that the same clause has these woids also,
" and among the several States'" the two powers
were identical, granted under one and the same
clause of the Federal Constitution, -nd no man
could asseit that any distinction existed If then
itbenotundei that power, under what othei power
was it derived ' Was it under that clause which
impowered Congress, " to provide for the common
defence and general welfare of the United States'"
If it be claimed under this clause, no man could
dare say that the President of the United States
or Congress had provided for the "general wel
faie" by squandering all the public money upon
the e-xtenoi States, to the almost total exclusion
of the interior The clause embraced eveiy part
of the Union, and was intended to leach each and
eveiy State equally, and without paitiahty or
prejudice The conduct that had been puisued
resein lied thatofarnan possessed of a fine estate,
who should expend the whole of his means in
adorning the exteuor, while he left the whole of
the mtenor a barren wilderness Mi C was
proceeding with his remarks, when
Mr POLK moitd for the orders of the day,
wh ch motion pi evaded—ayes 65, noes 56
The SPEAKER iaid before the House the foi
lowing message fiom the Piesident of the United
States
Washington, Janumy 13, 1835
To the House of Representatives
In compliance with the resolution of the House
of the 6 h instant, requesting copies of any circu-
lar or lettei  of instructions emanating fiorn the
11 easury or War Departments since the 30th day
of June las', and addressed to eithei tne receiving
I or disouising officers stationed in States wherein
I land offices ate established, or public woiks are
I constructing under the authority of Congiess, I
transmit heiewith reports from the Secretaries of
I the Treasury and War Departments, containing
' the information sou^nt for
|                                       ANDREW JACKSON
On motion of Mi POLK, the message and
accompsnymg documents weie laid on the taole
and directed to oe printed
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House the foi
lowing comman nations
A lettei fiom the Secretary of War in answer
to a motion of the House, transmitting an e ti
mate of the cost of repairing Po't Independence,
in Boston harboi, whit,h, on motion of Mr. E
EVERETT, was committed to a committee of
the whole on tne state of the Union
A letter from the Secretary of War in answer to
a resolution of the House of the 24 h ultimo, m
relation to the improvement of the navigation of
Cumbeiland uver, which, on motion of Mr MER-
CER, was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals
A letter from the Secretary of War, in response
to a resolution of the 9th instant, relative to a sus-
pension of allowances to pensioners, &o , which,
on motion of Mr GRENNELL, was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed
And a letter from the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, tiansmitting a list of the balances due
by receivers of public land offices, prior to 30th
September last, which was laid on the table
BILLS READ A THIRD TIME.
The following bills were lead a third time and
A bill for the relief of John Tice,
A bill making appropriations foi revolutionary
and othei pensioners of the United States, foi the
year 1835,
A bill making appropriations for the current
expenses of the Indian department for the year
1835,
And a bill making appropriations for the naval
seivice for the year 1835
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the unfinished business of
yesterday, being on the amendments proposed in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to add an appropriation for" arrearages in
the Pay Department of the Army, ¡¡,6,080 05 "
Mr POLK said he had but a tew words to
address to the House on this amendment, and if he
failed to convince every member on that floor of
the justice of that item, he was peifectly willing
the subject should be sent to one of the standing
committees of the House He regretted that the
honorable chanman of the Committee of Claims
[Mr Whittlesey] was not then in his seat, as he
believed the documents he held in his hand would
be perfectly satisfactoiy to him, and would ob-
viate all his objections to the amendment Mr P
stated that this amount of arrearages accrued
between the years 1818, and 1821, while General
Macomb was commanding at Detroit, and was the
differeace between his oidmaiy pay asa Brigadier
and Ins pay as a Major General by brevet This
allowance had been made to Generals Scott and
Itit ley at the same time, and under similar cir-
cumstances Mr P here produced various docu-
ments fiom the depaitments, and the opinion of
the Attorney Geneial, which were then read He
conclude! by expressing the belief that the ex
planattons which he had submitted to the House
would be perfectly satisfactory, and that no further
objections would be urged against the appropua-
tion If such objections, however, still existed,
he had no personal feelings in the matter, it might
go to a standing committee But should that
course be taken, Mr P suggested that it would
probably prevent the action of Congress on the
subject at its piesent session
Mr MANN said he had not yet had sufficient
time to examine the effect of this amendment,
since it was placed befor  the House last evening
He wished to know the difference between the
brevet a id the ordinary pay In order tnat mem
bers mig it have some opportunity for investigation,
he hoped the chairman ot the Committee of Ways
ind Means [\ir Polr] would surfer it to lay on
the table at least ano her di.y
Mr WILLIAMS wished to adveit to one fact
which did not seen to haie s'ruck the attention
of the Hou^e A «minie resolution of that House
co ild give no po ver to the Seci etai y of War to
pass upon and pay the chum of Geneial Macomb
It would lequire a joint resolut on to confer such
a powei But, Mr W said, he was opposed to the
amendment because the subject seemed to de
mand the investigation of a standing fotraii tee
of the House Nothing, he contended, should
ever be inserted m an appropuation bill, unless it
weie of the most lnduoitahle ch roctei On the
justice of this claim there seemed to exist se-
lious doubts among various members of the
House
Mr McKJNLEY followed with some genera
remarks on ¡he claim, wlucn seemed to be founded
1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
123
on the law of the land, and did not requae the
investigation of a committee
Mr MIINER saw no necessity of sending this
item to a committee for further investigation     it
had been adowed by the proper accounting offi-
cers, and teemod to bea proper subject for appro
pnation      He should vote for the amendment
Mr WARD WELL asked why, when G nerala
Scott and Ripley received this extra pay—as it
had been alleged they did—why did not General
Macomb also recei\e his at the barre time, and in
the «ame manner
Mi POLK again exolamed Hehad fhismorn-
ing inquired into the reason why this claim had
not been passed upon ui an earlier period He
did not know that General Macomb was, at the
time, avaie of his own right upon the subject
It was well known, how adverse peisons con-
nected with tie Department weie to revive the
ads of their predecessors, hence the subject had
been tu ned ovei to the action of Congress He
again adverted to the favorable decision made
U| on the claim by the officeis of the Government,
wmch appealed perfectly conclusive The only
question he ar p-ehe ded was as to the time and
place of in km  the appropriation
Mi MAN'S sail u had been a sumed that the
duties had been neiformej, which would sanction
this claim, unde-- the act of 1*18 This, he con-
tended, rema ned yet to be proven, and it wasfor
this %eiy reason he wished me whole mattertogo
thiough the ^eaiching investigation of one of the
s audmg committees of the House He thought
It very i markuble that General Macomb should
have sufered this claim of $G,080 05 to stand so
long ui I out making a demand on the Go eri
nent He had endeavored in vain to ascertain
the amount of that officer's present pay under the
Government What that amount was he could
not t-'l, nor could he find any gentleman who
could tell
Mi ERÍGGS thought the only question before
the House to- be, " Is, or was, Geneial Macomb
snti led to the surn specified bv the laws of the
land ' If so, the appropriation was certainly a
proper one, ai d the amendment ougnt to be
adop'ed Mr B said he had carefully examined
the aubject,and could not lesist the conclusion that
this s.us a valid claim He referíed to the specific
terms of the law of 1813, which clearly fixed the
prim. pl° of allowing the pay corresponding to the
brevet rank The gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr MímííJ had refeired to the piesentpayof
the officers, and sta ed that he could notascertam
..s amount Mr B said ihis, with him, was not
tne qaen on. It was, whethei an officer should
be peiu for specific duties peiformed, the pucesof
«n ch wete fixed and sanctioned by law He
should vo e f< r ti e amendment
M P-VRh-CR. optosed the amendment It
wi  due to the Hous" tha the claim s lould go to
a st indmgeoiimittee *oi examination He looked
upon it in the light ot any o hei pi na'e claim, and
t¡ e apptopmtion bill was not the proper place to
se He a pnvate claim of 'ouiteen yeais' s'andmg
He d -. i\ iwed all pieju Jice agai st 'he ciaim, but
i e wished to see it come leie in the snaoe and en
the giound c-f allothers He would the-efoievote
apir ist the amendment
Vli HUBBARD addiessed the [lous-eat some
le n i agí  nst the ame idment He coulu see no
i i i-4 cethat wou d oc done to any by a refeienoe
o   (he M(b}ert to a c   nmi tee
Mi L V^l asked wheie tl eclaims of Geneials
Scut itid Ripley were inves igited Whetnei It
w i-, on that flj<i,oi by the Depai traen'-' He
(¡<s te im' irmation on this «uhjer , as those claims
we e s u I ti I e walogou-f to tins
Mr  vVlL'-l \ M b ag unopposed the a nend lien t
and was in i i\ n of leteuing the mattei to a eim
nn   ee     H  <- incluí td tint there was no piocf of
t  h o fi er'-> havn g I eld f le command winch en
tried hn i, b-y th  I iw of lbl8  to tl e extra com
pciisi inn   It 11 in ltd                                                     ,
V     (j lCN\i LLwiaal    n fivor of having
the 1 "I     v   ich  (he in\ e¥i,a ion of a omuiit ee   i
in g i th>- ivv uj on   hod i n      The >uin was tu   j
f imbemgan into! sideiahle one  and whit would
be nm h woise than the allowance of an unjust
< liim— he insertion of ibis item m the a ipropri-
a i in bill might estaulisn a meeedent of the most-
tiingtious character
Messrs BRIGG3 and HUBBARD each made
a few additional remarks
Mr POLK wished the amendment read by the
clerk, in orüer that the House might see what they
were about
The amendment having been read—
Mr P said he had called for its reading foi the
simple purpose of showing to the House that it
was of the same character as all former items in
app opriation bills providing for arrearages, and
also to meet the objection of gentlemen who thought
this bill an improper place for it The item was
foi no hing more than arrearages of pay in the
. Army, wn ch nail been called for by the Secretaiy
| of War, and presented itself in this chaiacter it
l came within the line of duty of the Committee of
Ways and Means to intioduce it to the attention
I of the Hou-.e Mr P read the letter of the Sec
íe ary of War, which set forth that! e considered
this claim in the light of a subsisting and standing
debt, a-nd requested the committee to insert it in
the bill Mr P hqped, after thi=, that every gen
t'eman would dismiss from his mird the consid
eiation that if thib claim were well founded the bill
befoie them was not tne prooer piace for it
I Another objection that had been urged was, that
the amendment was pressed with too much perti-
nacity But it was not so, so far as Mr P wa«
concerned He had never been desuous that the
House should act precipitately on any matter,
however his own judgment might be at vauance
with the opposition to it On the present subject
he had no private opinion, or bias whatever, and
had only presented it as a natter of duty Phis
was a claim presented to tne House, which had
received the favorable adjudication of the Second
Coffptiollei, the Secietaiy of tne Treasury, and
the Secretary of War and the question was how
it should be paid Mi P also re id tne opinion
of the Attorney Geneiil in favor of the Droposed
mode of liquidating tne claim Mr P did not
deny but that the House might withhold theanf 10
' pnajon, because it might decide that the uííicers
retened to had bten wioi g 11 their constiuction
of (he la\ , but he had done ills du'y m present
ins u for tl eir convídela ion
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Onn, retried at some
length to the foi mi r | roceet ings on thi« claim,
anl saul, that a'though the decision of the Mill
tary Commi tee had changed it-- character, ye', in
his opinion, it ought to undergo the further exam-
ination of a standing committee, and he shou'd
therefore, atiie&ent, vote agamst the amendment
Mr MANrv, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays, which were ordeied
Mr CAMBRELENG asked if he understood
the honoiable chairman of the Committee of Wavs
and Means correctly, that the claim was founded
upon a law, and that he had read that law to the
Hou«e'
Mr  POLK renlied in the affirmative
M. CAMBRELENG Then I snail voce in
favor of the amendiner t
The quest on was then taken on the amend
ment  and decided a¡j foi ows   Yeas 57, nays 131
So it w as lost
The bill wtsthen ordeied to be ei grossed foi a
third rending to morrow
Mr POLK then asked leave 'o move that the
pipersin i elation to the ciaim ot General Micomb
mieht be referí ed to the Committee on Military
Aftaiia
Mr WATMOÜGH moved their refererce to
the Commi tee of Claims
Tne fii-t motion was put and lost—a} es 62,
n)es 70, and they weie acco dmgly lefeired to
the Committee of Claims
The SPC4,IvER ommumeateu a le"ei f om
the Hon Times W Wawl a Rep es ntative in
Congress from the S a'e of Geoigia, announcing
hi  resignation of Ins seat
Oideied to lie on the table
On motion ot Mi  MERCER
Tne House thei  adj mined
I \T SENATE
Wldnesdvy, Jnmc   1!  183')
Petitions anu memorials v«ie present ! !y
Missis WHITE, BUD, WEBSTER, KENT,
and BOCHABAN
| The CHAIR laid befoie the Senate a communi-
li cation from the War Department, accompanied by
| a report of the Chief Engineer in relation to the
I repairs of the Cumberland road, east of the
1 Ohio
|      Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, showing the number of clerks employed m
I  that Department, for the last year, and the com-
pensation paid to each
I     Mr WEBSTER presented a petition from eiti-
I  zens of Boston, praying for the erection of a cus-
l| torn house in that city, which was refened to the
Committee on Commerce
Mr  McKEAN gave-notice that to morrow he
i   would ask lea\e to introduce a bill foi the relief of
Capiain Moirow
|l Mi POINDEXTER gave notice that to mor-
row he would ask leave to introduce a bill granting
an additional quantity of land in satisfaction of
revo'utiop^rv bounty land warrants
Mr SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Claims,
reported unfavorably upon the petmon of Salvator
Innis
Mr HENDRICKS, pursuant to notice, and
on leave give i, introduced a bill for the relief of
William O'Neue, winch was read twice and re-
ferí ed
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was refeired the bill for the relief of
Simon Poweis, íeported unfavoiably upon the
same
Mr TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict ot Columbia, to wh ch was lefeired the bill to
provide a sys'em of laws for the District, reported
tne same witl out amendment
The following íesolutions, submitted yesterday,
and lying on the table, were tanen up, considered,
and adopted
By Mr WAGGAMAN
Rcolied, I'l at the Committee on Commerce be
mitiucted to inquire into the e^oediency of pro-
viding by law tot the establishment of a manne
hospital ir the city of New Oi'eans
By Mr HILL
Resolved, Tl at the Secretary  of the Navy be
requeued to communicate to the Senate so much
of the correspondence of his  Department, with
Loam mi Baldwin, as relites to his compensation
] as superintendent of dry docks and ir«pectors of
i navy yards, together with copies of all accounts
|  rendered  by him, connected with his seivices in
|   the inspection of navy yards
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were lead twice and referred
A bill for the relief of Com  Isaac Hu'l,
i      A bill making an appropriation toi  payment of
'  revolutionary and o'her pensioners of the United
I  States, for the year 1835,
A bi'l making an apnronration for the Indian
department foi the year ]835,
A bill mal ing an anpropnation for the naval
seivice for 'lie veai 1835,
A   bill  for changing the place of holdirg the
Uni ed States disinct courts <br the State of Mis
ii^sippi
A bill for the íehef of Charles Colwell   and
A bi 1 foi  the re'ief of John Tice, assignee of
William Pennington, deceased
The following bills were read a th rd time and
pas«'d
A bnl for the relief of Samuel Bragdon and
Dav u Chase,
A bi I for the íehef of Challes Goidor,
P I ill foi the relie: of Humphrey B Gwath-
nev,
A bi I mikipg iddi' in i1 compensation to the
Marsml of the distnct of Delaware, and
A ' ih oi the relie of Petei K Green and Wil-
ham La er on
The '-ilbwii gies lution was «admitted by Mr
WÍ] i E, a id, o ) his motion, was considered and
agreed to
R'sUied, Inat   he Se >-etary of Wai be, and is
nei"1 j , a> toor zed and icquned to investiga e all
theft "ts-and cncumstuice  conrected witnaclaim
ot Co!  Gaa Fiumplreys t   indemnity on account
i of supposed losses, said to be sustained b> extend-
124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
ing the northern boundary line of the United
States and the Seminole Indians, under the pro-
visions of the treaty made at Camp Moultrie on the
18th September, 1830, so as to include his plan-
tation and expelling him from possession thereof.
That he ascertain said facts and circumstances by
the testimony of disinterested witnesses, and re-
port the same to the Senate, with his opinion
whether said Humphreys has sustained any loss
for which he ought to be compensated, and to
what amount.
The following resolutions were considered;
which lie one day
By Mr. WAGGAMAÑ:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing for the President's House certain oil
paintings now c-n sale in this city; and also into
character and value of said paintings
By Mr. BLACK:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing
on the pension list the names of Daniel Mclnnis
■ and Francis Patterson, of the State of Missis-
sippi.
By Mr. HILL:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to communicate to the Senate any
information in his department m relation to the
claims of the owners of the brig Despatch and
cargo for restitution of the amounts paid by them
for discriminating duties on the said bug and
cargo, that may go to establish or invalidate said
claim
By Mr. HILL:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to report on the claim of the owners,
officers, and crews, of the private armed vessels
Neptune and Fox, whether they were by losses
entitled to the bounty of 25 dollars each upon 69
prisoners captured by said private armed vessels;
and if so entitled, why said claim has not been ad-
mitted and allowed by said Department; also, any
other information that may exist in the Department
tending to elucidate the validity or invalidity of
said claim.
By Mr. KANE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate do
cause to be made out, and laid before the Senate,
a statement, showing the amount of money paid in
each yeai by older of the Senate, for printing, and
the purchase of books for the use ot the Senate,
from the 1st session of the 18 h Congress to this
time, designating in all cises where the amount
paid shall exceed $.500, the object for which, and
the peisons to whom, the money was paid. Also,
a statement, showing the amount of punting or-
deied by the Senate, which has not been com-
pleted, and an estimate of the sum or sums of
money wntch will be due when such printing shall
be completed.
The bill for the relief of the legal lepresentatives
of Moses Slieppeid, deceased, was taken up for
consideration, when
Mi El ILL "moke bnefly in opposition to the bill,
and Mi   IÍCNDRICK3 supported it.
When the horn aimed foi taking up the special
oiuer, Mi. CLAY moved to lay the bill on tne
taole, which was agieed to.
FRENCH RELATIONS.
The Senate then pioeeeded to the considera-
tion of tue i'eiort of the Committee on Foieio-n
Reía icns. aiul the lesolution apnended, porcela-
in  our ilelatnna with Fiance, hi the followii g
words:
Rtsolved, Thi f it i  ¡oex jed-ent, at tí 's time, to
pass any ¡aw vesting ir> 'he Picsident authority
foi ma'íip¿ renreals upon Fiench propetty,in the
tint rii,cncy of prcisi m rot 1 eing macs tor pay-
ing io the United fra'es the indemnity slip ila^ed
by the tu i j if 1&J1, du.mg tne present s^ssioi
of the F UK i Ciau.b .a
M . CLA V .ose and said that i' was not h>3
purpose, at '«e  present  stage of  the  ce ¡sider- |
atiun of tne ro oint'ori, "<r , -ndeeJ, did he oeem t I
nc~;soary at any othe.   & ige of i , to cnuir .«to \
a protracted discussion of the subject; nor did
he deem it necessary to say much to enforce the
arguments embraced in the iepoit"m favor of the
adoption of the resolution. In the present pos-
ture of our relations with France, it seemed to
the Committee that the course pioposed was the
proper one—that it was most expedient to await
the action of France at the present session of the
Chambers; and, therefore, he thought it was not
proper or necessary to go at large into adiscussion
of the questions embraced in the report. In all
questions connected with our foreign relations, it
was always necessary to present to the world the
existence of undivided councils. Before the hap-
pening of a rupture, examination and discussion
may be required; but after a rupture shall take
place, whatever of unanimity and of influence we
have, should be exerted to give to our arms the
utmost vigor which the resources of the country
are capable of. He was very cei tain that no such
measures were at present necessary with France.
That our claims were founded in justice, that we
ought to pursue them by all just and honorable
means, and that we must ultimately obtain satis-
faction for them, were sentiments in which the
committee entirely coincided in opinion with the
President, and he had no doubt that it was also
the sentiment of the people of this country. The
committee also entirely concurred with the Pres-
ident in his views relative to the treaty with
France. But if the President had stopped after
the expression of the statement of the case, and
had abstained from the recommendation of the
measures which he deemed necessary to be taken
in the contingency indicated by him, there could
have been no difference of opinion between him
and the committee. But when he said that the
Executive of France was honest and sincere in his
anxiety to obtain the appropriation, and when he
disclosed his purpose of abiding by the action of
the French Chamber, it seemed to the committee
an inconsistency that there should be at the same
time the recommendation of a measure, the exe-
cution of which could only be rendered necessary
by a doubt of the ulterior purposes of France.
Confidence and distrust were unnatural allies
Confidence should at all times be free, full, frank,
and ingenuous, but to say that he confided in the
sincerity of the King, and that he would suspend
any recommendation of a hostile measure, and
1 then suggesta measure of repnsal,appeared to the
committee, with all respect to his patriotic purposes
as the Executiveof the United States Government,
to be a couise calculated to produce mostmischiev-
ous results It seemed necessary to the commit-
tee, therefore, that there should be some expression
I of opinion on the part of Congress after such an
expression on the part of the President, which
i should be likely to meet any possible contingency
i likely to arise 1st. It waspossiblethatthe French
[ Chamber might make the appropuation before
I the receipt of the Piesident's message. 2d. The
appropriation might be made after its íeceipt and
notwithstanding the tone and language of the mes-
sage 3d The Chambers might, after the receipt
of the message, refuse to make the appropuation
until after that part of the message winch might
be exceptionable to them should be withdrawn or
explained, or they might, 4thly, altogether and
absolutely lefuse to pass the appropr'ation and
again rejeit the brll. Now, in any one of these
four contingencies, an expres-ion of Con re s was
indispensably necessary to the paasrge of the bill
and the payment of the money. But suppose the
| Chambers should pass the bill befoie the receipt
i of the message, and the money should be olaced
in the French Treasury, >n pursuance oi it, to
meet the stipulations contained in the treaty, it i
would throw on the King a nigh lesponsibmtv if
he should be requ ud to pay the money till the
lecommendation m 'he messige was explained '
l In the second eornngency, by the passage of the
resolution, we should take a course thatv ould be
I highly giatifyuio to me feelings and tne or.de of
T ance,wh'"h we ought to piomote by all hone I
ible n.frni. If they then should pp s the bill
they would se  that there was confidence tepced
1 on the pait of Congiess, ¡lift there wouiJ be a
comol jr>ce with the assuianees of the French
Government It  os ihd'spensably neeessaiy that I
such a ípe-isure bno.'ld he ndopted in reference to
theotnsrtv oco¡ urgencies he nad supposed   But
if the Chambers should reject the bill on this
ground, they would place themselves in the wrong,
because they had acted on the recommendation of
one depaitment of the Government before it was
ascertained that the other departments concurred,
and they would then hasten to repair the wrong.
If they should speedily pass the bill, and after-
wards should discover that Congress did not con-
cur with the President, they would find that the
recommendation of the President, although he
maintained a strong hold upon the affections of
the people, was an inchoate recommendation and
not perfect. Under all circumstances and in every
contingency, therefore, the resolution seemed
adapted to the occurrence of any one of them, and
seemed eminently calculated to secuie the objects
of the treaty. As he had premised that a pio-
tracted discussion was not necessary, he would
resume his seat, expressing, however, a disposi-
tion to modify the resolution in any form which
was consistent with the object he had in view, and
he hoped that it would receive the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, as such a vote would have a
most happy eflect; but he would consent to no
modification which did not say that Congiess d d
not deem it expedient to legislate on the subject at
this time.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, rose and submitted the
following amendment as a substitute for the res-
olution reported by the committee:
" Resolved, That as the French Chambers have
'been convened earlier than was expected by the
' President of the United States at the opening of
1 the present session of Congress, it is inexpedient
'to pass any law relating to the treaty of 1831,
' until further information shall be received fiom
1 France."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. KING said he agreed perfectly with the
honorable chairman of the committee, that lengthy
discussion was not called for, or perhaps justified.
He also diffeied so little with the honorable chair-
man on the subject of the report and resolution,
that he should say but very little in favor of the
trifling changes which he proposed to make in
the form of the resolution offered for the sanction
of the Senate. He had agieed in committee, and
still agreed, to the repoit, with a few trifling
exceptions in its details, and he had, and still
agreed to the general conclusion to which the
committee came, that it was inexpedient at this
time to legislate on the subject of the treaty of
1831. The tone and tenor ot the report, with the
exception referred to, met his decided approba-
tion, though he had reserved to himself the light
which he now exercised of offering amendments
to the form of the resolution, and expressing his
dissent to a few of the details of the report itself.
Sir, said Mr. K , what is the tone and chaiac-
ter of this report? He did not believe tnat it was
intended by the chairman who drafted it as a party
paper. It was not proposed to the commutes, or
by the committee adopted, as a party paper It
was not presented to the Senate as a iepo"t of
that character, and he did not believe it would be
received by the people of the United States as a
party paper, unless the public press and party
politicians of the country should wropgfully suc-
ceed m stamping upon it that character. As just
observed by the honorable chairman, it sustained
the most important positions of the Piesident
throughout. The President was treated with the
most entue respect. The motives of the President
were treated with full respect, and even his lec-
ommendation was treated with respect, so much
so, that the intimation >s clear in the report that
the diffeience between the Piesident and the com-
mittee probably arose from the diffe.ence of time
and of circumstances under which they del'b«ia'ed.
From the remarks he had made on the subject of
the character of the report, tne ol ject of the fiist
part of the amendment was sufficiently obi. ions.
it was to connect more closely the report ard the
lesolution. and suste'n the appearance of haimony
between the tn'O branches of the Government, by
isferring 'o the pi o jao'e reason of ti e diffeierce
he'ween thp recommendation of the President and
the action of Congress There we>e, to be suie,
several reasons that might be gathered from the
'lenort, but this was most prominent, and he
selecte 1 it because it was the one more especially
1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
mentioned in the report Mr. K read from the
report, page 18 " It is not improbable to suppose"
«that the President would have abstained from
'any such recommendation, if he had known
'what recent intell gence from Prance shows, that,
' in point offset, the Chambers assembled on the
' 1st of December, instead of the 29'h, the day on
' which it was believed by the President they
'would meet "
The ouject of the latter part of the amendment
was also obvious He did not wish to stand com-
muted, or hold out the idea to Trance that we
would, under no circumstances, take any steps
during the present session of Congress, however
we might be justified by future information re-
ceived He was very far from wishing to con-
nect himself or the Senate to any future specific
mode of action, or to any action at all At pres
ent, we agree that legislation was inexpedient
Bjt he was unwilling to commit ourselves to the
inexpediency of legislation at this session, pro-
vided future information, before the adjournment,
should call for legislation upon the subject
Mr CLAY replied that he was glad to see the
honorable member from Georgia animated with
the best spirit on this subject—that he was frank,
ODen, and unreserved, in the expression of his
sentiments, and he was happy to find m his resolu-
tion that there was no ground for serious difficulty
between them But he thought the gentleman's
reso'ution was objectionable in two of its provis
ions The report was an argumentative docu-
ment, and it was not usual in resolutions appended
to such papers, to reiterate the reasoning in the
report His first objection to the resolution was,
that it assigned one of the reasons contained in
the report, iV he adoption of the resolution, and
he thought that not the stiongest one If one of
the reasons m the report might be drawn down,
he thought all might, and each Senator might
require the introduction into the resolution of the
reasons which governed his vote The Trench
Minister had said, in a part of the correspondence,
that a bill would be prepared for the sppiopria-
tion, and submitted to the Chamber the next day,
but the committee came to the conclusion that vve
ought not to reproach them for not doing so,
because they were the most proper judges of what
was the proper time for its presentation, he could
not, therefore, assent to one of the reasons be.ng
introduced into the resolution There was one
other part of the resolution, " that it was mex-
' pedient to act till further information should be
' received fiom France," an expression which he
viewed in the hgnt of a menace, and implied that
if their further action was not of a satisfactory
nature, then we were prepared to resort to the
measure recommended by the President Now,
he (Mr C ) would not say what he would do, if
Fiance should not make the appropriation at the
present session of the Chambers " Sufficient for
the day is the evil thereof " Let us have all the
circumstances before us He was for having Con-
gress free to deliberate upon war, open, undisguised
war—upon commercial res r.ctions or .eprisak,
unfettered in the event of any contingencies He
was anxious for all the circumstances—whetner
the King had abandoned the claim, or intended to
go on pressing it But if we looked fuither, it
would be seen that the propnety of ihis course was
more apparent when we considered that this Con-
gress terminated on the 3d March, when a new
Congress would come m, that they oughtto remain
free when the awful alternative of a rupture or
submission to wiong shall be presented, he, there-
fore, moved to stuke out the parts of the amend-
ment which he liad indicated as objectionable
Mr WEBSTER thought that the importance
of unanimity on this subject was so great, and
the piactical difference between the two resolu-
tions was so email, that pains should be taken to
throw them into a shape that the resolution could
bt adopted The prevailing sentiment seemed to
be a concurrence in the views of the President, of
the na'ure of the controveisy wjth Prance, of the
clear right of tnis country, and the utter impossi-
bility that the councils oi the United States can
depart from the just expectation of a reasonable
fulfilment of the stipulations by France He
thought there did seem to be an objection to the
i onoiable member's amendment, because it placel
the action of the Senate on one of several íeasons,
and left the inference that on other reason's given
in the report, the action of the Senate might be
otherwise It founded the action of the Senate
upon a reason whiJi might cease t > exist to-mor-
row Suppose the Chamber should reject the bill,
and the Executive Government of Trance should,
for that cause, dissolve the Chambers and call a
new one, he did not wish to form an opinion
what the Government of the United States might
do upon such an event occurring It was, there
fore, desirable to leave this Government fieefrom
any indication or intimation of what its action
might be, in any event The sentiment of the
country was, that we were right,and that France
was wrong, and this sentiment was not likely to
be altered
Mr BUCHANAN said he should be exceed-
ingly rejoiced if we could adopt any form of words
which would unite the vote of the Senate on this
occasion He would go as far as any man to make
concessions, in any matte- in which principle was
not involved, for the purpose of presenting our-
selves to the world as a united nation Howevei
we might differ amongst ourselves, as to matters
of internal policy, we ought always to exhibit a
bold and united fiont to foreign nations in defend-
ing the interests and honor of the country He
(Mr B ) felt great pleasure in doing justice to
the frank and conciliatory spirit of the renort of
the Committee on Toreign Relations It was a
statesmanlike production, and worthy of its dis
tmguished author, but, he trust be permitted to
say, that if this were the proper occasion for
such a discussion, he thought he could success
fully controvert several of the positions which it
contained, and show that they were founded in
error He would greatly prefer that the resolu-
tion proposed by the Senator from Georgia [Mr
Ki-re] shou'd stand as he had introduced it It
contained upon its face the reason, and the only
reason which would induce him to yote tor any
resolution of this character It was simple, be
cause the Trench Chambers had been convened
earlier than was expected by tne Pres dent of the
Uni ed States at the commencementof the present
session of Congress, that he wiild give his sup-
port to any such resolution He should, t! erefore,
be gratified if this preamble could be retained
France had, before the close of .he last session of
Congress, communicated to ti-e Piesident, that it
was the unanimous delerrmnation of the King's
Government to appear before the new Legislature
with its treaty and its bill in hand, and that its
intention was to do all that the charter allowed
to habten, as much as possible, the period^of the
pew presentation of the rejected law On the faith
of this assurance, the President rested satisfied,
and did not present the subject to Congress at its
last session How has France redeemed this
pledge> Has that Government hastened, as much
as possible, the piesentation of the rejected law'
At the first meeting of the new Legis'ature, the
liw was not presented, and, fn the face of this
engagement, the Chambers were piorogued, not
to meet in the autumn, as they might have done,
but, on the 29 h ot December, the very latest jay
which custom had sanctioned If this as&uraice
had any meaning at all, ¡t was that the Chambeis
should be convened at least so eauy in the season
as to afford sufiicient time to com"iuri',ate the fact
to the President before the meeting of Congiess
The President, at the date 0' the message, was
not ware that the Cnambeis would assemble on
the first of the month No such imoinauon had
been communicated to him The Trench Gov
erntrent had never informed him sucn was their
intention It now appears thai they did assemble
on that day and, for his own pait, he was willing
to wait until the íesult of their deliberations could
be known What effect th s circumstance might
have produced on the President's determi íation,
he was not prepared to say Every gentleman
could judge for himself He was not possessed
of any information on that sibject
There is a point, said Mr B , in the intercourse
between nations at which diplomacy must end,
and a nation must either consent to abandon her
rights or assert then by force A rter having ne-
gotiated for a quarter of a century, to obtain a
treaty to íedress the wtongs of out injured cm
zens—and aftei the Tienen. Chambei has on e
deliberately rejected that treaty, will noa no po. it
have been reached, should the Chamber again re-
fuse to make the appropriation > If this be bo, is
1' not right, is it not fair, to present this alternative
to France' Would she not have just cause to
complain if we did not adopt this very course >
To inform her fiankly and fairly that we have
arrived at this point, I am solemnly convinced,is
the best diplomacy to which we can resort, to re-
dress the wrongs of the injured claimants France
will then have the alternative distincly presented,
and it will be tor her to deciae whether she will
in vole herself ¡n war with her ancient ally, rather
than pay those claims which the executive branch
of her own Government has determined to be
just, by a so'emn treaty     Such an attitude on the
1 part of the United States will do more to accom-
plish the execution of the treaty than any tempo-
rizing policy which we can aaopt I never was
more clearly convinced of the truth of any propo-
sition
Fiance, from the tone and language of the Pres-
ident, wi 1 have no ngnt to consider this a menace.
It is no moie than to say, diplomacy has ended,
I and the treaty must be executed, or we shall,
J however reluctantly, be compelled to take redress *
into our own hands We cannot, we dare not,
abandon the just rights of our own citizens, how-
ever painful it may be for us to assert them France
is a brave and a chivalrous nation, her whole
history" proves that she is not to be intimidated,
even by Europe in arms But France is wise as
well as warlike To inform her that our rights
must be asserted, is to place her in the serious and
solemn position of deciding whethei she will, for
I the sake of a few millions of francs, more or less,
resist the payment of a just debt by force When
ever she is convinced that this result is inevitable,
the money will be paid, and although I hope I
may be mistaken, I believe it will never be paid
before France has never appeared to iegard the
quection in this serious light
It has been asked what would the American
Congress do, placed in similar circumstances'
Would they appropriate the money with a menace
impending over their heads ' I answer no, never
But it would be no menace, if, after Congress had
twice refused to vote an appropriation to cany a
treaty into effect, a foreign Governire.it, in the
spirit of candor, in language mild and courteous,
such as that used by the President, were to mferm
us they could not abandon their rights, and,
1 however painful it might be, they should be com-
pelled, by a sense of duty, to  assert them by
J force
1     Mr B concluded by saying he felt it due to
I himself thus to explain the vote which hem ended
, to give
Mr   CUTHBERT said he had not ansen to
I enter .rto any exposit on of his opinions on this
subject, but simply to suggest that such pnrase-
' ology might be used ai> should unite the votes of
every ho lorable Senator now separated only by a
1 slight shade of diff"ienee Mr O read the reso
lution. and said, it it was so worded as to express
that, "under ex ..ting circumstances,'' or, 'the
state of ciroumsiances now existing," it might
meet the views of all parties, and enable the Sen-
ate to pass its unanimous vo e upon the subject.
Mr KING, of Alabama, congra'ulated .he Sen-
| ate upon the spirit and temper which appeared on
both sides, and said he was one of those who was
not in favoi of taking up this question at the
present time, but the report having been made, it
became necessary to act upon it He wished for
mere infotmation before any discussion should
have arisen, and thus he was rot preDaied to say
expressly what ought to be done, or what the
Congress of the Uri.ed S'ates shou11 do What
he desired now, was, as far as pricticable, to ex-
press an opinion in language that could not be
misunderstood, ei her in this coun ry or on tne
other side of tne Atlantic, of oai deteimination
Mr K had hoped that ni  honoiablefi lend from
Georgia vvou'd have yielded in the spirit of con-
cession, ana that the) mignt vote expl city on the
ground that at this time it was inexpedient to pass
any act upon the subject Mr K also expressed
a ho,>e that every gemleu.un would feel rimself
justified in vo'ingfoi the pioposed measure, so
that it might g-1 f< rth to the wo-ld as the unani- >
rajuj voice of that body
126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr LEIGH wished to have both amendments
read, in order that the Senate might see if there
was any essential difference between them
[The amendments were read accordingly ]
Mr LEIGH resumed, by saying that he could
perceive no, or vei y little difference between the
propositions of the Senators from Kentucky and
Georgia, [Mr Clay and Mr King,] if any, it was
trifling, and of the two, he preferred that of the
former gentleman Both, however, came exactly
up to his (Mr L 's) idea of what was wise, politic,
and just, toi the United States, and respectful to-
wards France They had been told by the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania that he wad well satis-
fied the true mode of negotiation with France
would be to indicate distinctly, that unless she did
justice, we would take the matter into our own
hands, and seek that redress which she ought to
giant
Mr BUCHANAN explained There was a
period when negotiation must cease, and one 01
the other a'ternative must be adopted
Mr   LEIGH continued     Then war he to tin
derstand the gentleman, that there was a peaod
in diplomacy, and that that period or crisis had
arrived'   If that be the gentleman's opinion, Mi
L  must beg to differ with mm entirely and abso
luteiy     fie was not prepared, at that  turn , to
adopt the Piesident's piopo&ition, so fai as he liad
heard it, noi did he believe any one was     What,
then, was the mode most likely to accomplish this
object'    Either force must be resoited to, or we
must confide in the justice of the Fiench nation
The last was, in his opinion, the best    Mi   L
was, howevei, for making our expression as al>
solute and dignified at, possible, and not to commit
ourselves by declaring that there was no circum-
stances m which we will not hazard a wai with
Frpnce    On the contrary, he was for piesenung
a bold front
After some further remarks to the same pur
poit, Mr L said he concurred in the sentimentof
the gentleman from Alabama, that it would be
inexpedient to adopt any legislative measure t( at
this time," mark that " at this time," for in that
consisted the mam sum and substance of his affiim-
ative to the pioposition
Mr CALHOUN expressed a hope that the
question would be taken without fuithei discus
sion, and that (he phraseology might be so
amended as to meet the views of eveiy gentle
man, so that the voice ot the Senate, might be
unanimous
Mi KING, of Geoigia, said that to thevanous
suggestions and pioposiuons from different pai ts
of the Chambei, he had only a woid in leply
And that was that he was willing to accept my
modification of the resolution tha would unite a
vote upon the subject He would, howevei,
whilst up, say a word in explanation of the
amendment, and answei some objections which
had been made to n He said in answer to the
Senator from Kentuiky, he would say that he
sdected the one leason as that which sepaiated the
Committee from the Piesident, and not only be-
cause it was that mentioned in the repon, but be-
cause it seemed to include all the rest It had
been said by the honorable Senator truly, that
1 lance had promised to do several things which
she had not perfoimed, besides an eaily assem
bling: o( the Chambeis, some of which might with
equal propriety be lefened to Tiue, but the as-
sembling of the Chambers being m general neces
sary fqr the perform ince of the othei promises,
we weie led to hope that the Chambers being
now eorvened, the perlormance of all her other
promises would follow And he wished fuithei
dis inctly to convey the idea to France, that as the
Chambers had assembled, we expected that they
would do all that was necessary, before the y were
prorogued, to fulfil the execution of the treaty
It was objected, he said, to the language of the
amendment, that we seemed by it pledged to ac-
tion, when further information might be secured
fiom France He had no such intention, and if
such construction were found, he would bewihing
to change the language, and say, " unless fuithei
nformauon from fiance shalljustify legislation "
& He said there was not a Senator m the hall
more unwilling to commit himself 01 the Senate to
specific action on 'his suuject than himseif, but
whilst "he did not wish to commit himself to act,
he did not wish to commit himself not to act, if ac-
tion should be called foi He would not ev en at
this time commit himself to hostile action, if theie
should be another simple refusal by the Chambers
to make the appropriation But he said there
was a large portion of the people of the United
States who thought that France had already treat-
ed us with much indignity,and if there should be
anothei refusal, coupled with an acknowledged in-
sult, he would not say even tnen what should be
done It would be time enough to dec de upon
the mode of action, when action might bethought
necessaiy But for the present he would say} that
the United States were now out of the nursery,
and although, as a nation, we may not have ai-
nved at the years of maturity, we were at least in
a condition to act foi and take care of ourselves
He concluded by saying he had no matetial ob
jection to the modification proposed, if it would
unite both part.es in the vote, and unless some
gentleman objected, he should take it for granted
that there was a geneial acquiescence
Mi CUl'UBLRl rose to explain the differ-
ence, in his own opinion, between the resolution
pioposed by himself and that offered by his co'-
leugue, [Mr King,] í.s amended That lesolu
tion meiely expíeles the opinicn that it is inex-
pedient to pass a law on the sulject at this time
It does not, said Mr C , leave the Senate at lib-
eity to change it- opinion with a change of cir-
cumstances If there be no difference, the gentle-
man fiom Vnginia [Mr Lbkh] can have no
oi jeetion to the amendment lie wished to have
the subject presented in such a form that no one
could olject We should kindle in our own
bosoms, said Mi C , the old American feelings
that produced union amongst us—feelings that
cure all the caneéis of paity strife Whatever dis
sensions may divide usat home, however we may
wrangle with each othei, when the stranger steps
in let us be united, when the contest is with a for-
eigner, we should be one
Mr CLAY TON said that he was not willing to
adopt the amendment proposed by the gentleman
fiom Geoigia, | Mi Gutiibiit,] "that under
present circumstances it is inexpedient " He
should vote for the íesolution as amended by the
chauman of ihe committee, [Mi   Clay ]
Mr CLAY rose again, he sud, not to prolong
the discussion [le wishtd to acknowledge ti e
commendation of the report, made by the hcror-
I able Senatoi, [Mr Buciivna\t] He would not
I nowittempt to defend the eriois mentioned by the
gentleman, but at some futuie time he hoped tobe
able to establish anything advanced in the leport
Mr BUCHANAN said he did not pretend to
measure hnnstlf with the eloquent gentleman fron
Kentucky But he was so well convinced of the
tiuth anil justice of theie_maiks n regaul to tne
lepoit, that hewoull not shrink from a con'est,
even with the distmgi ished Senator himself, íathei
than abandon the opinion he had foimed
Mr 1 ALLMADGL «aid heiejoiced to see the
unammitv which seemed to peí vade the ¡senate on
the subject of our relations with I ranct, and he
was unwilling to 11 tioduce any topics into the dis
cussion at this time, whioh .vouid tend to interrupt
the harmony which seemed to prevail At the
time the íeport was made to the Senate, he took
the opportunity to express h s approbation of
some portions of it, and lis dissent fiom other
poitions He was then of opinion that it were
bettei that the committee should make no r^poit,
and that Congiess should not act on the subject
till further information was rece ved fiom Tian^e,
and that the whole matter be left where it was left
by the Piesidcnt's message He was still of
! opin on thatthat would have been the better course
But the majority of the committee tnouglit othei-
wise The report is before the Sena e, and must
receive that consideration which is due to its im-
portance He wi« rejoiced to see the manifesto
tion of a general disposition to adopt such a course
as should tend to unite all parties on tins question
as it was theie presented Herejo.ced to see that
however much we might differ about our own local
and interna! affans, theie was but one feeling
when the honor of 'he nation was concerned
It was a gratifying spectacle to witness the inter
est manifested by the < itizens, who, on this occa-
sion, crowd thu, Chamoer, and suh more giatny-
mg to believe and know that but one sentiment
pervades the whole It is an Jlmencan feeling, a
feeling which swallows up every other when the
question is between our own and a foreign nation.
No matter what may be our dissensions at home,
the indications given here, this day, assure us that
they cannot be extended abroad Let our motto
be, for our coun ry alvxtys
Mr T said, in dissenting from some portions
of the report, it was his intention, when a proper
occasion presented, to enter fully and at large
upon the discussion of those portions of it He
had supposed that this might be deemed a proper
occasion, and was piepared to enter upon itatthis
time But he was reluctant to do anything to
interrupt the harmony of the Senate on the ím-
poitant and leadng matters of the report Ha
would, therefore, omit what he otherwise would
have said, and leserve for a more fittirg occasion,
if one should oftei, what he intended to have sub-
mitted to the consideration of the Senate at this
time, under a full persuasion that he should be
able to assign satisiaetoiy reasons for his dissent
from the majority of the committee
Mr T said he appioved the resolution under
consideiation, as it had been amended,and should
give it his suppoit He was desirous of leaving
the whole mattei open for the future action of
Congiess, when we should receive information
fiom I ranee to enable us to determine what that
action should be Iheie might be a difference of
opin on as to what measures ought to be adopted,
if Tiance should refuse to do us justice, but, it
was best that each individual Senator, and the
Senate as a body, should be left free to act as
should be deemed most expedient when the time
should arrive, and we should be imperiously
called upon to act He would, therefore, detain
the Senate no longei than briefly to remark upon
the positions contained in the Piesident's message
and in the report of the committee These docu-
ments agree entirely in the important points be-
tween the United States and France They agiee
in the enormity of the aggressions upon the rights
of our citizens, and of the outrages upon our eoin-
| merce, for which indemnity has so long been
sought     They agree in the truitless efforts which
H have been made, for nearly a quaiter of a century,
to obtain redress of  the gnevances of which we
||lave complained m vain They agree as to the
amount of oui claims upon France—that our just
' claims far exceed the sum stipulated to be paid W3
by the tieaty of 1831 I hey sariee, also, that
we will not look behind the treaty for any liquida-
tion of the amount of our demands, other than
I what is contained in the tieaty itself Andabove
all, they agree that the stipulations of the treaty
must ultimately be perfoimed That the idea of
non peiformance on the part of Fiance is utteily
out of the question TI ese aie the important
points to this momentous affair, and it is a matter
of congratulation that or all these, there is no dif
l feience of opinion, as he believed, amongst the
repiesentatives of the American people, and he
trusted no diffeience amongst the people them-
se'ves
The difference, ihen, said Mr T , between the
message and the repoit is, c< mparatively, unim-
portant This d ffeiuic consists, fnil, as to the
Piesident's conclusion from the corresoondence,
that the Tienen Government had engaged to pre-
sent to the new Chamteis, the bill making the
appropimton to carry the tieaty into effect, in
time to enable him to communicate the result to
Congiess, it the commencement oc the present
session second, as to the remedy to be pursued in
case the Chambeis shoui 1 again refuse As to the
first the chairman supposes that if tne French
Minister, when the Secretary of State expressed
to him this expectation of the President, had ex
piessed his assent 1.0 it, then the engagement would
have been complete With all due deference,
said All Tvll^íadge, to the honorable chairman,
he would take leave to say, that if, after the Secre-
tary of State had, thus communicated the Presi-
dent's expectation to the French Minister, and he
did not express his dissent, then the engagement
became binding on the Brench Government, and
should hive been  perfoimed     But, he said, he
1 would not pursue this subj et, as  it was not his
intention, at this time, to di«cus3 it
How, men, does tne matter stand'   The Pres-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
men' is req Hred by the Constitution to makesuoh
rec mmendalions to Congres- as he shall think
the inte esta of the na'ion lequue in the diffi
ctil íes bet veen the United States a d Prance, |-e
id, ii ¡t certain cod t, recommended reprisals on
1 lendi pioperty, tosa mfy the demands whicnare
acknowledged by solemn treaty to be due to our
citizens In makjng this recommendction he has
dischaiged his duty J remains fur Congress, to
discharge mens The President leaves the whole
ma'tei, as it was 1 is duty to leave it, to the con
s deration and action of Co i ress Mr T said,
if lit weie to express Ho individual opin on, as ij
present ad vised, and from the bes' light no jv lefore
us, he would I e for adopting the mea uie reconn-
nie dec] by ihe Piesident m his me-, age But,
su d he, this is not the time to consider iat or any
othermea u.e When fuitl er information should
beiete vedfrom Fiance andi'shall beascertaired
that tne Chambers lave deli1 erately determined
tha' the si pulmón* <f the treaty of 1S_>1 shall
not be earned into effect,hedid not doubt thatthe
Amencan Congress would adopt such measures
as the nteiests of out citizens and the honor of
the coun ly ícqu ie
In c nol i°ion Mr   1   said he felt it his duty to
rem^ik to tue honorable chairman that, whenever
the oppor unity ptesented f >i acting upon thecon
tioveited points of the report, ne would  under
take to vindicate tie conduct of \ir   Rives, tne
distinguished mini terwho negotiated this treaty
He had t c I een able to discover the piopnety of
in toducing this gentleman's nanne into ti e report
i i the ma mei in wKch   t had been do e, and he
regielted extremely that tne chauman should have
fe t imnsc1   u dei the neceasi y ct doing it, when
to a mo t eveiy unbia ed mind the nrop-iety of
the bttp would seem so veiy justifiable
Mr KING men adop ed ti e suggestion of Mr
CLA'i , with legard to his, unieiumuit
fie question being uooi the reso ution as
amerded, to wit
Replied, That it is inexpedient at present to
adopt any iegslanve m°asure in re^iid to tie
state of afiairs between the Ui Uta ¡states and
Fiance,
Mr MANGUM asked tne yea-> and nays,
which were ordered, and are as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benton, Bibb, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,Clay, Clayton, Cuth
bert, Ewmg, I re ingi uyset , Grun-j, ilendncKs,
Hnl, Kane, Kent, lung or Alabama, K in; of
Georgia, King! t, Leigh, L nn, McKean, Ma
gurn, Mooie, Mo us, Naud^m, Pjinccxter,
Porter, PiemisS, Piesur, II ibbins Rojirson,
bliepley ,bi ol ee,Siv>ul ,Swif , Ta imadge, T to l,
lomli ison, ly'er, Waggaman, Webstei, W hue,
\/i igi i—4 >
So the i^so utiin v.H" u lsmn nush adopuj
T  li' ''rom l e rIou   °iul n ^amro) at ops
for the sup]) nt rf the Aimy ui tie /tar lQáo
\va^ lead   w c  ii d refened
The Sei ate then adj  urned
HOU'F or REPRESENTATIVES
\V LD\tSD«, Jill mil j I 1, ]u35
Mr CL \Y, fron the Ctrni n tec on t' e Publ c
Land , rep u e'ali 1 cnnlnmig eel am claims
¡n the diMii-tot S ^ q hens, in 11 Lama vvhn h
was reí I t\uce,*ndi tuit iei consideration post
jiotieu 1 i one week
\ i   FOLK, fiom 'he C nnmi'tee of Wajs and
Means, iv, oiled wtthou imeiument the I   lfiim
the srna e m ik ng nn appio  nation in aid i f the
election ot nnlitaiy bariacks in the city of Ne 
Oi'ea/is
11 e hi 1 was < otnn i ed Da Committee of the
Whole on the state of tne Unioi
Mr   H VRl ER, fn n the C immiitee on Com
meice, ret orted a bil foi the itlitl ot------— Cott
an ! o hen, wnith wis íeid twice and c immitte I
Mr BANKS, fiom the Committee "f CI urns,
reported a 1 ill foi the íelnfof Captain Jihn
I) wis of the United States Nav) which was
rend twice iiul committed
Mr WHITE, fiom the Committee on Nwal
Affairs, repot ltd a bill foi the leher of tne widows
I and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines,
of the United States scnooner Wild Cat, wmch
was read twite and commuted
Mr CAMBRELEAG, f.om the Committee of
Ways and Means, and Mr CHANCY, fiom the
Committee on Invalid Pension-, made unfavor-
able reports upon petitions refer ed to said com
I mittees, which were orde-erf to lie on the table
Petitions and memonals were submitted, on
leave, by—
Mr  IIAZELTINE, of New York,
Mi   CLAY, of Alabama,
Mr GARLAiND, of Louisiana,
Mr MAY, of II, iois, and
Mr  PIERCE, of Ne<v Hampsnire
WhiUi petitions and memor als were refened
Mr REYNOLDS roseard remarked, that some
week' since he had offered a resolution having
ui itsoij ct to chai ge the rule of tr e House m
regard to the mod  t e ectipg its officeis—re
qu nrg that thevo e hereof er should be viva voce,
instead of by billot [Ie dta not wish to urge this
subiect on the consaeia'ion of the Hous<_, but
supposed mat it would be as well to dispose of it
at this as, at any othet time K reqtued no great
deliberation to at nv e at a oroper co iciusion on it
He there'bie mo ed to take it up
Mr WILLIAMS oljected
Mr REYNOLDS then moved a suspension of
the rule, and on that qjes i n he demanded the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and weie—
yeas 94, nays 87
Two thuds not vo'irg in the affirmative, tne
morion to suspeid the rule was, theretoie, neg-
atived
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
T^e following resolutions, sub-" tted oi tne 8 i
and 12 h 1 lb an', were, by co iseut, t ken up, and
agieed to
Bv Mr LYON
R'so'oed,  TK t the Secreta v   of Wa    be  r°-
q le&ted to turn o   tin  tiois  vw> i an estimate cf
i e pro' ablt expense o     rise^j u g and ronr-i    ,
ng, vu i gteat íccurac} , tne nsno lornf n ob «
vations c rttmn a'eü  b/ the act of Corgu¡>s v*
he 1-i h Ju \ , l^i2, enti led an act fu    dici g uf
certa n   ob er   it una   ptepar to y to  the t*d] is
ment of tt e noi nein boanda y line of  the b ate
o^O no
By Mr  LYONT
Be*ohed, Fl at the Secretary of he Treasury Le
dirrc ed to furnish thia Iloii-e wi h a enpj of the
decision of the Corpiiissioier^, on ail priva'e land
c'aims at MilIiiI macmac, Gieen Bay, and Prairie
uuCn ei ,kget! ei with connected plats and copies
of the field nf tes of Hi such c'aims as have been
surveyed a  either oft  e I'biememioned places
Oi nnirr cf Mr TlLLMORE,
R"Sotied, That the Committee on the Judiciary
lenibiu ed to inqunewi ^ihei a"yfuithet legit,
la ion Le i eces^ai v to coi \ ict a pei^on of peijuiy
foi fnl e svveainB undei he a^t entitle 1 "An ict
' supp'ementary o tne act foi the relief of certain
butvivng i ffi e s and scldieis ot tie Revjlu-
' tion ' pj^s'u J u e 7, 163- and if, n tne.r
opinion, it be necesstr , tha they report a bid to
effect that o!j<"*t
On no ion cf Mi   PArdlWW,                      ,
Itcoiied, liat the Comí i ttee on invalid Pen-  I
«ions oe ins lucted to n qune into thv. e\\ ediencj
of granting a pel sion to R-uoen Rounds, a soldier
of the last war
On motion of Mi   B\NUM,
Resolved, T tt'e Committee on Pa1 I c Lands
be in tructeJ to i cune into the expediency of
amend n  the Hvvs íeiitne to the same, so as
more eff c ually to expedite the surveying aid
running off such lots of daim^nk as have been
agreed to m con'bimity wuh Me seveial acts of
Congiess nppi.itlining heieo
On notirn of Mr JARVlS,
Rcsolud, That the Con mntee ofWajs a d
Means be n s ructed to inquire into the exnediet y
cf leuucmg the late of duty upon wines of the
Cape of Good Hope, so thattl ev may beauowed
to tn ei n   o th  c  nsi r p ion of tl 13 count-v
Oi motion of Mi   SL\DP,
Reiolied Ti at t< eConmittee on Rcvol Uionary
Pen mu be instiucted tn lnqa re into the etpeh-
ency ot providing, by law, for the taking of testi-
mony before courts or magistiates acting under
State authonty, in all cases arising under the law
of the 15 h May, 1828, for the relief of certain
surviving officers and soldiers of the army of the
Revolution, ard under the oension law of 7th June,
1832, and, also, for legalizing tn«- testimony already
taken in such cases, under such authority.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr POPE, on leave, submitted a resolution,
duecung that th  hour to which the House should
stand adjourned, for the remainder of the session,
should lie ele.en o'clock, a m , instead of twelve
o'c'ick, m , as at present
Mr C P WHITE asked'or the yeas and nays
on its adoption
Mi GARI AND Suggested that the resolution
should be so amended as to direct that it take effect
on and ar er Monday next
Mi POPE accepted this amendment as amod-
lfication of his motion
Mr HARDIN moved to by the resolution oa
the table, whicti was negatived—yeas 70, nays
125
Mr BROWN moved to amend the resolution
by fixing tne first of Februai y as the day on which
the House would commence its sittings at eleven
o'clock, a m
After a few remarks by Messrs BROWN,
POPE, and POLK, the amendment was agreed to
The resolution,as amended, was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, tiansmittmg a list
ofthecler s nn%k, Department, and in the office
of fe Navy Commiosioneis, and the salaries of
each, wmcn.on notion of Mr WHITE, was
laid on the talle, and directed to be punted
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secietary of War, in response
to a -esolu ion of the 6th instant, relative to a road
between Memphis and Little Rock, which, on
mo ion of Mi SLVIER, was laid on the table, and
d i cted to be pun ed
The hill mfikmg app-onnations for the support
of ti e T.rn y for tne year 1835, was read the third
time and passed
APPROPRIATIOIn  BILLb
Mr POLK moved to postpone the orders of
t! eday tor the purpose of moving that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to take up tne appropriation
bills
Mr WATMOUGH hoped the motion would
not prevail
After some conversation between the CHAIR,
Mr POLK, Mr WISE, and Mi WAT-
AiOUGH, as to the effect of ihe motion, it was
agreed to—lyes 72, noeu 65
The House accord ngiy íesolved itself into the
Comrmteeof tie Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr HUBBARD in the chair,) and took up the
in'! (No fioO) making appropriations for forts and
forth ca íorsof the United States, hetetofore com-
menced, fo- the yeai 18d5
Mi E E\ ERETT moved to amena the bill
Lv inseitng, nstead of the eighth, ninth, and
enth ires, "for lepanmg the fortification on
* Castle island, in Boston haibor, according to the
' plai adopted by the Boaid of Engineers on the
' 24 1 of March, 1834, in addition to the balance
' o   the former appiopr ation, §75,000 "
Mi E gave the reasons whi^h induced the call
'oi this appropriation at the p-esent time The
on'y ct-es'ion seemed to be with reference to the
l rt pei time for commencn g those repairs, as all
would admit then great impoitance No time
an(eai"d more piooi'ious than tne piesent, mas-
mi ch as the fact was )u t announced, that the
app opuition bill now on the table was reduced
some 5>450,000 from that of last year, and the
total amount o aopropnaUons whiUi it contained
wet* but «490,000
Mr L pr ceeded to advocate the amendment,
by repitsent tg the tmpmtance of the repairs con-
emolated He said there was not now a single
piece of ordnanc  whi"h could be btought to bear,
in Bos ot hai-boi The appiopnation of $8,000,
now cc itemed 11 the bill, v, ns designed only for
tl e rem i or a 5 eu ¿va I, and had nothing to do
with tl e import rt lepairs wWcn he referred to
Mi  E heie called for the reading of a report of
128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the Secretaiy of War on this subject, which,
having been read by the clerk,
Mr POLK said it would be seen by the docu-
ment just read, that the Secretary did not himself
decide on the most proper time for the reconstruc-
tion of Port Independence. It was evident the
work would be tantamount to rebuilding the foit,
and the whole question with the House would be
to decide whether they would now commence the
reconstruction of these works, without being called
upon in the usual manner to do so.
Mr. GORHAM spoke in favor of the amend-
ment. He contended that the appropriation was
called for by the highest considerations of public
interest. The fort was a very old one, and had
not undergone any essential repairs for the last
forty years The proper officers of Government
had also reported the necessity of the work. He
asked why it was not done' The lefusal on the
part of Congiess to make the appropriation would
look like a determination to abandon the woik
altogether. He knew of no time more suitable
than the present for its accomplishment, and he
would repeat the question, why should it longer
be delayed' If the question was asked why it
had been so long delayed, he would answer, be-
cause other appropriations, of large amount, took
piecedence That excuse could not now avail
Mr. G. said theie were seven millions worth of
property now exposed in Boston harbor without
a gun to protect it.
Mr. DUNLAP said he thought, with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [MrjGroiuiAM,] who
had just taken his seat, that it w^ high time ioi
the House to determine whether they would pro-
ceed to make appropnations for all the appropri-
ations recommended by ti e Board of Engmeeis
This appropriation of §75,000, it appeared, was
asked with aviewof, in effect, commencing a new
fortín the place of the old one—one which was
now dilapidated. He could not consent to make
appropriations for new works, until the old ones
were completed and equipped It seemed to be
the design to carry into effect splendid scher-ies of
the Board of Engineers Duimg the war, that
board was too small for the pui poses of the coun-
try, and the exigencies of the times But what,
he would ask, was then occupation now, in thcr
enlarged condition, in time of peace? It was to
traverse this vast Union, and point out the means
of expending the hundiedsof millions which weie
drawn by taxation fiom the people lie asked if
the country was now in a situation to proceed
with these gigantic woiks' It was but a few
years since a compiomise had been effected on the
tariff question Should these works be allowed to
rogress, before their completion, it would proba-
ly be found necesbary to levy a new tanlt, not-
withstanding the odium attached to the other
among a large portion of our fellow-citizens. Be-
fore we embarked in such vast works, it would be
most prudent to know that we had the money in
the Treasury to answer the expenditure It was
enough, he thought, for the piesent purposes of
the Government, to finish and equip the fortifica
tions which they had already commenced—some
of them as eaily as the close of the last wai To
be effective, these must all be armed and manned.
He was opposed to the amendment.
Mr. EVERETT made a few observations in
explanation and reply
Mr. DICKERSON opposed the amendment on
the ground that it was inexpedient to commence
new fortifications until those aheady begun weie
finished and armed When that was done, he
would be willing to vote appropriations foi new
works, but not till then
On the question being taken on the amendment,
there appeared—ayes 45, noes 61
There being no quorum voting, after some de-
lay, the SPEAKER resumed his seat, and the
Chairman [Mr. Hubbard] announced that fact to
the House
Mr. POLK moved a call of the House, which
being agreed to, the call was proceeded in until
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved that the
further proceedings m the call be suspended
The motion was agreed to
The question was then taken on the amendment
offeied by Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts,
and decided m the negative—ayes 59, noes 77.
i
Mr. McKIM offered an amendment " for the
'repair of Fort McHemy, in Baltimore, and for
' keeping the same in order, $50,000 "
Mr McKIM called for the leading of a report
of the Secretary of War on this subject, which,
being done, he said he had no disposition to take
up the time of the House in advocating the amend-
ment. He would barely state that there were
now one hundred millions worth of property
exposed in Baltimore, while Fort McHeni y could
not boast the possession of one gun. It had three
mortars, and was every way in a woise condition
than during the last war. He thoughtacity which
had defended itself so nobly on that occasion,
should not be left entirely destitute of the means
of defence
Mi. POLK gave the reasons for not embracing
this cr a similar appropriation in the bill The
subject was already in the hands of the Military
Committee, and to them, he thought, it properly
belonged.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and lost without a division.
Mr THOMSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Militai y Affairs, said he was instructed by
that committee to offer, as an amendment, "for
'the repair of Fort Manon, (formerly Foit St
' Marks,) at St. Augustine, in Florida, $44 181 "
The amendment was suppoited by Messis
THOMSON, and WHITE of Flonda, opposed
by Mi. POLK, and negatived—yeas 61, nays £>2
Mi PARKER moved to stnke from the bill the
following clause
" For a fort on Throg's Neck, East river, New
' Yoik,m addition to the balance of former appio-
'pnations, $30,000 "
Mi PAIUvER advocated this amendment, and
it was opposed by Mesbrs FLRRlb,POLK, and
CAMBRELENU. It was disagreed to without
a count.
Aftei some conversation between Mr SEVIER
and Mr. POLK, in íelation to a former item of
appiopriation for repairs of Foit Gibson, in Ar-
kansas Territory,
Mi. SEVIER moved to amend the bill, by ap-
propriating $,20,000 for the erection of a fort on the
frontiers of Aikansas Territory, and the removal
of the United States tioops fiom Foit Gibson to
the same, which was negatived
The bill was then ordered to be reported to the
House
MILITARY BARRACKS AT NEW ORLEANS.
Ihe committee, on motion of Mr POLlv, pro-
ceeded to considei the bill fiom the Senate, making
an appropiiation for the completion of the nnlitaiy
banacks in New Oileans
Mi POLiC buefly explained the nature of the
appiopriation, when the committee lose and re-
poned the two bills to the House without amend-
ment
The bill from the Senate making appropriations
foi the completion of the militaiy banacks at
New Oileans, was then read a third tune, and
passed,
When the House adjourned
IN SENATE
Thursday, Januat y 15, 1835
Petitions  were  presented  by  Messrs   WEB-
SI ER, TIPTON, and TYLER.
Mi TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referíed the bill to levive
and continue the act providing pensions foi per-
sons disabled by known wounds received in the
íevolutionary war, reponed the same with an
amendment, mseiting one yeai, instead of six
Mr TOMLINSON, fiom the same committee,
reported a bill to continue the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions
'Ihe bill having been read the fiisttime,
Mr. TOML1NSOJN said that it would be recol-
lected by the Senate, that the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions was created by the appropri-
ation bill of 1832-'3 The office, he said, expired
by its own limitation on the termination of the
present Congress. It was necessary, theiefore, in
consequence of the great accumulation of business
m that department, that it should be continued.
And he was desirous that prompt action snould
be had on the bill, that it might go to the o'her
House, and become a law as speedily as was piac-
ticable, so that the President might have time to
nominate a suitable person to the Senate to fill the
office. The bill prescribed the same duties, the
same salary, and the same franking privilege
which the Commissioner of Pensions enjoyed
undlY the formei law.
Mi T. moved that the Senate take up the bill
now, which was agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, reported to the Senate, and ordeied
}o be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr  PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen
sions, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Carey Claik, leported the same without amend-
ment
The resolutions offered yesterday by Messrs.
WAGGAMAN, BLACK, and HILL, were
taken up, considered  and agreed to
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
KANE, was taken up for consideration, and the
following was offered by Mr CLAYTON as a
substitute theiefoi, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate do
cause to be made out, and laid before the Senate,
a statement showing the amount of money paid in
each year, from the fiist session of the Eighteenth
Congress to this time, by order of the Senate, for
printing, and the purchase of books for the use of
the Senate, by ordet of the House of Representa-
tives, for punting and the purchase of books for
tne use of that House, by order of Congress, for
printing, and the puichase of books for the use of
Congress, or of any department or officer of the
Government, and by oider of each of the execu-
tive departments, designating, in all cases, the
object for which, and the persons to w'hom, the
money was paid Also, a statement showing the
amount of punting ordered, which has not been
completed, by whom the contracts foi such punt-
ing was made, and an estimate of the sum or sums
of money which will be due when such printing
shall be completed
Mi. KANE, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a bill for the íelief of the heirs
and legal representatives uf James Latham, de-
ceased , which was read twice and referred
Mr. BELL, from the Judiciary Committee,
reponed a bill foi the íehef of James Bairon,
which was lead the first time, and ordered to a
second reading
Mi McKEAN, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, reported a bill for the relief of Cap-
tain William Morrow, which was twice read and
referí ed
Mr POINDEXTER, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, reported a bill granting a quantity
of land foi the satisfaction of ceitam revolutionary
bounty land warrants, which was read twice and
referred
The following resolution was submitted by Mr
TIPTON
Resulted, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to tiansm't to the Senate an estimate of
the cost of constructing a bridge over the mer
Wabash, at the crossirg of the Cumbeiland road,
and also a report as to the piacticabihty of con-
sulting said bridge on such a plan as not to
obstruct the navigation of the river, at any stage
of water, and, should the files of the Department
not now furnish the information sought for by
this lesolution, that the Secretary will cause it to
be procuied and reported to the Senate at an early
day in the next session of Congress
The bill to graduate the price of the public
lands, and to provide for the sale of those which
have been longest in market, was taken up for
consideration, and, on motion of
Mr BENTON, it was postponed to, and made
the special order for Wednesday next.
The bill giantmg a township of land to the
French University at St. Louis, was taken up for
consideration
Mr. POINDEXTER said, he was instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to move its
indefinite postponement, but he would move, at
present, that it be postponed to, and made the
special order for Wednesday next, with the other
bills assigned for that day.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
The bill for the relief of Anson Lynch of Mis-
sissippi, and              ,. -         j        v-
The bill for the relief of Andrew Knox, were
severally ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill to change the place of holding the land
office in Mississippi, from Clinton to Jackson, was
taken up for consideration, when
Mr. POINDEXTER moved its indefinite post-
P Aftersome remarks from Mr. BLACK, and Mr.
KING of Alabama, Mr. MOORE moved to lay
the bill on the table; which was agreed to.
than any other gentleman present. He did not
feel ready to voteupon the proposition, and would
be glad to accept the polite invitation of the gen-
tleman from Missouri. He suggested that the
resolution might be permitted to lie over for a few
days—the gentleman might choose his own time.
Mr. BENTON then moved that the resolution
be laid on the table; which was agreed to.
The bill to distribute for a limited time, the
proceeds of the sales of public lands, among the
| several States, &c., came up for consideration, and
| On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, was post-
■ poned to Wednesday next.
I The following bills were ordered to be engrossed
] for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Robert Hale;
A bill for the relief of lnnis Edwards;
A  bill  to allow further time to complete the
issuing of military bounty land warrants, for ser-
vices during the last war;
A bill to extend the time of issuing military land
warrants to officers and soldiers of the revolution-
ary army.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representative of William Graham, was taken up
for consideration, and
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, it was in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Tench Ringgold, late marshal of the District of
Columbia, reported the same without amendment. \\
Mr. CLAYTON, from the same committee, to ||
which was referred the bill from the House of ¡j
Representatives changing the place of holding the ,'
! district courts of the United States for the cítate • i
of Mississippi, reported the same without amend- ¡'
' ment.
The joint resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to make sale of a lion and two i
• horses, presented to the United States consul at ,
Tangiera by the Emperor of Morocco, was taken
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT, ETC.           ]
The joint resolution, providing for the amend- j
mentot the Constitution, in relation to the election j
of President and Vice President of the United i
States, was taken up for consideration.                   |
Mr. BENTON said, that the amendment pro- ¡
posed a change in the Constitution of the United j
States, in regard to the mode of election of the j
President and Vice President of the United States, :
and was in continuation of the proposition which ;
he had the honor of making for ten years past, i
The form which the amendment now wore, has :
been unanimously approved of by two committees !
of the Senate. It was drawn by a select commit- ,
tee, consisting of nine members, four or five years ;
ago, specially elected for the purpose of consider-
in" the propriety of the amendment proposed, the'
members of which were taken from each section
of the Union. The proposition came unanimously
from that committee of nine, and certainly (with-
out intending to compliment himself) it came rec-
ommended to the favorable consideration of the
Senate, in the most imposing manner. But this
was not all. At the last session of Congress, the
proposition was again submitted to a committee of
five, appointed for the express purpose, and omit-
ting himself, they were entitled to the highest
respect.    This last mentioned committee made no
amendment to the proposition, except that they            _                    _     .
nprfected its phraseology, but left untouched the ,, up for consideration.                   ,,-„....
Síes contained inSu.    He thought that we ,!     Mr. PORTER objected to the bill, tnat mere
could not have an  amendment  in  this respect
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was decidedly op-
posed to that amendment, because it would be a
declaration of war at once.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSENJiereacceptedthesug- '
gestión of Mr. CLAY, and modified his amend-
ment so as to allow " the President to present
them to such person or institution as he may
designate."
Mr. SHEPLEY said that this was a very small
affair for the Senate to be engaged in; but he
would ask what authority we had to be giving
away the property of the United States. If we
had a right to make this donation, we could dis-
pose of any other property of the United States,
and to any amount, in the same way. The prin-
ciple was the same.
I    Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN replied that, aceord-
i ing to the common law principle, in order to have
a property in a thing we must be able to hold to
it.   Now, as we could not hold the lion at all, it
was better to get rid of him as soon as possible.
The question being on the amendment submit- '
ted by Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, and modified
by him, it was disagreed to on a division—yeas 14,
nays 15.
Mr. POINDEXTER then moved an amend-
ment, authorizing the animals to be presented' to
Captain James Reily, to compensate him for his
trouble and expense in transporting them to this
country; which was disagreed to on a division—
yeas 14, nays 19.
Mr. EWINGthen moved a further amendment
to the bill, requiring the sale to take place in
Washington City; which was agreed to, and the
bill as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded  to  the consideration  of executive  busi-
ness; and when the doors were opened,
The Senate adjourned.
__                     an
which was in a better form than that which was
now presented.   He held that the principles of
the amendment came in a most unexceptionable ;
manner.   There were two great fundamental pnn- ,
ciples embraced in it.   The first was to dispense j
with the intervention of electors in the choice of :
the two highest officers of the Government alto- \
gether,  and   submit  the  choice  directly to  the
people.    The next was, to establish the district •
system throughout the whole United States.  The .
majority to be taken in each district as one vote ,
for President and one vote for Vice President. :
Another was, that in almost no event, should the
election devolve on the House of Representatives.
But in the event of two individuals having an ■
equal  number of votes, and  no one having a
majority, then  the election to go back to the ,
people.    And, if after that there should  be no
choice, a contingency which would never happen,
an event scarcely within the bounds of possibility,
the choice should devolve on the House of Rep-
resentatives.    These, said Mr. B., were the prin-
ciples of the joint resolution.    And he thought it
better to state them to the Senate, than that they
should be read over at the Secretary's table.  1 he
subject,   however,  had  come  up  unexpectedly,
several members were out of their seats, but the
Senate was  in possession of the principles em-
braced in the proposition, and it was his earnest
wish that at the end of ten years v/e might have, a
direct vote upon it, and he was ready to await the
action of the Senate. He would not press theques-
tion to-day, if gentlemen did not desire it, but he
invited the new'Senators to give it their.consiUer-
ation and examinauon.
Mr. POINDEXTER said that this subject had
been so long before the Senate, and had attracted
such universal attention here, and among the
people, that he would be gratified if a vote could
be taken upon it. He was disposed to vote .or
it, and he believed it was fully understood by the
Senate and the people.                                         f   .
Mr. BUCHANAN said he might perhaps eel
himself in a different situation i rom any other
member of the Senate, in reference to this sub-
ject, having more recently come Ironi the people
was no time specified in it, at which the sale
should be made, and moved to amend it by in-
serting the fourth Saturday in February next, and
the sale to be made at auction.
Mr. FRELlNGHUi'SEN moved to amend the
amendment, so as to strike out all about the lion,
and insert an authority to the President to pre-
sent the animal to the proprietor cf Peale's ¡Vlu-
I seum at New York, and the horses to the Agn-
! cultural Society at New York.
I     Mr. F. thought it very undignified for us to be
! gravely legislating here about the sale of a. lion
i and horses.   He thought it did not look well for
i the Government to be disposing of presents in this
! way, and putting the money into the Treasury.
1 It was much better to dispose of them in the way
! he had suggested.
Mr    PORTER  inquired   why   the honorable
1 gentleman from New Jersey wished to give them
1 to New York?   If they were to be disposed of
j in the way he had indicated, he certainly would
! oppose sending them to New York.    The Agri-
cultural Society of Louisiana, he knew, would be
very glad of them, particularly the horses.    New
York was already powerful enougn; she had the
largest population, the greatest commercial city,
an? all the Safety-Fund banks-and why should
' ihe have the lion too'                                   ,.  . .
■ Mr FRELINGHUYSEN asked for a division
I of the question, to be taken on the lion first.
Mr. BENTON expressed himselt decidedly in
favor'of presenting these animals to some public  j pemiSV¡vani¡t; and
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 15, 1835.
;    Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to pro-
, vide fur the widows and orphans of the militia
.'■ who were killed or who died in the service during
'; the late war with the Indians; which was read twice
and committed.
i| Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee, re-
I' ported a bill for the relief of Colonel Daniel New-
¡' nan; which was read twice and committed.
i- Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
'''■ Land Olsiros, reponed abill from theSenate, with
,! amendments, to provide for the legal adjudication
' and settlement of the claims to land therein rnen-
i tinned; which bill was committed to a committee
'! of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
:i amendments ordered to be printed.
¡I On motion of Mr. CARR, the same committee
• I were discharged from the further consideration of
,! the petition of the heiis of Jacob Thomas; and it
i was ordered to lie on the table.
' Messrs. DAVIS, of Kentucky, CHA KEY, and
11 CHAMBERS,  each  made unfavorable  reports
: upon petitions which had been referred to their
, respective committees.
Petitions  and   memorials were  presented,  on
'' leave, by
';     Messrs. HARD, HOWELL, and TAYLOR,
¡of New York:
¡i    Messrs. BOON and HANNEGAN, of Indiana;
!    Mr. PEAIICE, of Rhode Island;
Mr HALL, of Maine;
Messrs.   McKENNAN and   H1ESTER, of
: institution—itwasmuchthemostappropriateway
of disposing of them.                                     „„;,;„„ '
i     Mr   MOORE was opposed to any proposition ■
' on this subject which came from the New iork
quarter.    He was opposed to sending any lions
there, or taking a lion from there.          „...;„
■     Mr. CLAY said he had much rather see the bill
amended so as to leave it to the President of the
' United States to dispose of these anímale a he
| ihought proper, and suggested such an amend- ,
' ""¡Mr  POINDEXTERsubmitted an amendment, ,
in writing. •' that the lion be presented to Louis
. ' Philippe, King of France, by the President of the
i ' United States."
Mr."LYON, of Michigan.
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately refeired.
Oil motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the " har-
bor bill" was lecommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CHANEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the 1 ost Oi-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire luto
the expediency of establishing a posi r.-ate from
Picksiiiffton, in the county of ^Fa¡rfield, by the
town of Winchester, to Circleville, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON", of Kentucky,
Rtsoleed, That the Committee on the Conim-
130____________________.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          January 15,
gent Expenses of the House be directed to audit
the accounts of the members of the committee ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives on the
26th day of June la£^, for investigating the condi-
tion and proceeding of the Post Office Depart-
ment, at the rate of compensation paid to the com-
mittee for preparing a code of laws for the District
of Columbia, of which Philip Doddridge, Esq., was
chairman, viz: eight dollars per day during the
recess, without any other allowance.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL,
Resolved, That the message of the.President of
the United States, communicated to the House of
Representatives at a former session of Congress,
recommending a compensation of the claim to title
to the Island m the Delaware on which Fort Dela-
ware is situated, together with the documents ac-
companying the same, be referred to the Commit-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EWING offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to cause the late annual report of the Engineer
Department to be reexamined in relation to an
alleged inaccuracy in the amount of unexpended
appropriations heretofore made to construct the
National Road in the State of Indiana, and trans-
mit to this House, as speedily as may be practica-
ble, the result, together with a statement showing
the sum that now remains unexpended, and that
which will actually be available for payment of
labor on said road in Indiana, during theapproach-
ing season.
On motion of Mr. LEA,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of placing Peter Powerman, of Blount
county, in the State of Tennessee, on the roll of
revolutionary pensioners, and that the documents
in support of" his claim be referred to said com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. MANN, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
revising the statute laws of the United States, and
for the purpose of instituting a commission to con-
sist of------members, to report to Congress such
revision for its consideration and adoption.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by consent, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House
of Representatives be granted to the Colonization
Society on Monday evening, the 19th instant.
Mr. MAR.DIS demanded the yeas and nays, i
He was unwilling that the Hall should be given up
.for i\ny such purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were—
yeas 123, nays 53.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution heretofore offered by Mr.
CHILTON:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject, j
and report their opinion to this House, of the most |
equal and just mode of applying the revenues of j
the country to such works of public improvement
within the respective States of this Union as may
be necessary for the facilitating of commerce with
foreign nations, and  among  the several  States.
And  that they moreover report their opinion of
the best and most practicable mode of ascertain-
ing and determining the nationality and impor-
tance of such improvements as may be proposed
within the said several States.
Mr. CHILTON resumed his remarks by re-
ferring to what he had said the other day on the
subject of the two clauses of the Constitution of
the United Stales, and read a lengthy extract from
a report made to the House of Representatives, i
January 7, 1819, by Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary ;
of War, in answer to certain resolutions of the '•
House on  the subject of internal improvements. I
In this  extract, Mr. Calhoun explicitly declared j
it to be his opinion that a judicious system of in-
ternal improvements, by roads and canals, con-
structed for the convenience of commerce and the
transportation of the mails, offered one of the best
and most efficient means for the complete defence
of the country    Whatever difference of opinion
might exist, said Mr. C, as to this gentleman's
opinions on some subjects, every one gave him
credit for possessing powerful talents, andintegrity
of purpose. Mr. C. said he was not one of those
who advocated what Had been designated as a
"splendid scheme of internal improvements," by
taxing the people of the country to effect it, be-
cause, in his opinion, it would be better to leave
the taxes in the hands of the people of the States;
his object was to expend the residue of the public
treasure in such objects, after the needful demands
of the Government had been discharged. Surely,
there was no gentleman there, who could not see
the great importance of carrying on a national
system of internal improvements, who would take
a survey of the beautiful streams and rivers be-
stowed upon our country by the God of nature.
He might, to besure, upon constitutional scruples,
but there were many who did not profess those
scruples, and to such he appealed, and asked them
how they could reconcile it to their consciences to
abandon this system? There was no nation under
the sun devoted to such high and exalted destinies
as our own, and the present condition of the State
of New York, where internal improvements had
been fostered and carried out, contrasted with the
condition of other States, was an illustration of
this.
Mr. C.offeredhisacknowledgmentstothe House
for the courtesy which had been extended to him.
There were a great many other points on which,
if time had permitted, he would have touched.
He had intended to have introduced divers prop-
ositions showing that the Executive had sanc-
tioned one work and rejected another, both of
which were identical in principle. He had also
intended to have gune further in exhibiting to the
House the flagrant injustice that had been done to
the western country. The State of Kentucky,
which was the sixth State of the Union in its
quota of militia, had never received a solitary
dollar since the year 1798. If the West was of
no consideration but in time of war, and fit only
to fight the battles of the country, let it be at once
avowed. He could assure gentlemen that more
depended upon the decision of this question than
they were perhaps awar^e of; and the course, not
only of himself, but of others, might be regulated
by its issue. Mr. C. was for equal justice. Here
was a firm originally of thirteen partners, who were
each entitled to an equal share of the benefits, but
if one or two are to engross the whole, he was
almost going as far as to say the sooner the firm
was dissolved the better. He was almost going
to say, he would nullify—though he was no nulli-
lier; but he believed if ever that doctrine became
popular, it would be on account of the gross in-
justice done to one part of the country to the ad-
Vantage of another.
Mr. C. concluded by saying this was the last
report he probably should ever attempt to bring
under the consideration of that body. The present
session, in all probability, would close his labors
on that arena, but he should never cease to feel a
deep and lively interest on this subject. All that
his resolution asked was, that the standing com-
mittee, to whom the subject had been referred,
should " inquire into the subject, and report their
opinion to this House, of the most equal and just
mode of applying the revenues of the country to
such works of public improvement as may be ne-
cessary," &c, and he did hope that the House
would permit it to be adopted, and the inquiry
made.
Again expressing his acknowledgments for the
courtesy with"which the House had favored him,
Mr. C. called for the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the resolution.
They were ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY said, he rose only to make a
very brief explanation. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, in the course of his remarks the other day,
had set down the State of Missouri as having re-
ceived the sum of $24,000. Mr. A. wished to
correct this mistake, and to assure the gentleman
from Kentucky that he sympathized with him,
for the State of which Mr. A. had the honor to be
a representative, had received no such sum, but
was in a similar situation to the honorable mem-
ber's own State.
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshire, moved to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. CHILTON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. McKIM asked for the reading of the reso-
lution; which was read.
The question waa then taken on laying the reso-
lution on the table, and decided in the affirmative:
Yeas 122, nays 77:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Adams, J. J. Allen, Wm.
Allen, Anthony, Archer, Barringer, Beale, Bean,
Beaumont, Blair, Boekee, Boon, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cage, Cambreleng, Casey, Cha-
ney,Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clay, Clay-
ton, Clowney, Coffee, Cramer, Davenport, Day,
Deberry,Dickerson,DunIap,Ferris,PhiloC. Ful-
ler.W.K. Fuller,Fulton,Gamble,Gholson,Gillet,
Gordon,Graham,Grayson,Griffin,Thos.H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamcr, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Henderson, Howell,Hub-
bard, Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M. John-
son, Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin
Jones, Kavanagh,.Kilgore, King, Lansing, La-
porte, Lay, Lea, Loyall, Lucas, Abijah Mann,
Joel K. Mann, Manning, Mardis, John Y. Ma-
son, Moses Mason, Mclntire, McKay, McKin-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Robert Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Peyton, Pick-
ens, Pierce, Pieraon,Pinckney,Po)k, Pope, Ram-
sey, Rencher, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck,
Schley, A. H.Shepperd,Shinn,Standifer, Suther-
land, William Taylor, Wm. P. Taylor, Vander-
poel.Van Houten, Wagener, Wardwell, Whallon,
White, Wise—122.
NAYS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, Heman
Allen, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Bates,
Baylies, Beatty, Bell, Binney, Briggs, Bull, Burd,
Burges, Chambers, Chilton, Wm Clark, Corwin,
Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Denny,
Dickson, Evans, E. Everett, Ewing, Fillmore,
Fowler, Garland, Gorham, Grennell, Hiland
Hall,Hannegan, Hard, James Harper, Hazeltine,
Hiester, Wm. Jackson, E. Jackson, Janes, W.
C.Johnson, H. Johnson, Kinnard, Lane, Letch-
er, Lincoln, Love, Martindale, Marshall, Mc-
Carty, McKennan, McKim, Mercer, Milligan,
Miner, Phillips, Potts, Reed,Wm. B. Shepard,
Sloane, Spangler, Steele, P. Thomas, Thomson,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Turner, Tweedy, Vance,
Watmough, Webster, Frederick Whittlesey, Wil-
son, Young—77.
So the House determined to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the representatives of Colonel Anthony W.
White; which was read twice and committed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a report of the commissioners appointed to settle
and adjust private land claims in the State of
Missouri.
Mr. ASHLEY, by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution in relation to the foregoing com-
munication; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to private land claims in
Missouri, be referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, with instructions to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the confirma-
tion of these claims.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a reso-
lution of the 12th instant,respecting the improve-
ment of the Arkansas river; which, on motion of
Mr. SEVIER, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill' to provide for the compensation of the
marshal of the district of Delaware;
A bill for the relief of Peter H. Green and Wil-
liam Emerson.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House then took
up the report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the bill making appro-
priations for certain fortifications heretofore com-
menced, for the year 1835.
Mr.EVERETT moved, in theHouse.thesame
1835
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
amendment which he had proposed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, viz-
" For repairing the fortification on Castle Island,
<  in Boston harbor, according to the plan adopted !
<  by the Board of Engineers, on the 24th of March, 1
<  1834, in addition to the unexpended balance of ,
' the former appropriation, $75,000 "                       |
Mr. E  said, he would not take up the time of i
the House by repeating the observations he had
yesterday addressed to the committee.   He would j'
merely advert to one fact, which he deemed lm- i1
portant.    It had  been stated  by the honorable ,
chairnfan of the Committee of Ways and Means, ',
[Mr. Polk,] that no call had been made from the
department   for   this   appropriation.     He   pro- i
ceeded to show that such a call had been made by
the estimates of the  Board  of Engineers, and it
was on estimates alone that all the appropriations
in the bill were founded.    Mr. E. here read an
extract from a report on the subject from the
department, which declared the work to be " ne- ,
cessary "  He said there was another point wh'ch  |
seemed to be misunderstood by some individuals ,
who had spoken  on the question.   They were
under the impression that the fortification on
George's Island protected the whole harbor. This
was not the fact, as there were two channels, and
both fortifications were essential to their protec- i
tion.                                                                                i
Mr. GORHAM followed m support of the
amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Everett.] ,
He said he would content himself by reading the
report of the Board of Engineers on the matter
in contest. Mr. G. here read extracts from that
report.
Mr. POLK would follow the example of the
gentlemen from Massachusetts, [Messrs Ever-
ett and Gorham,] and not again upon the who'e
subject of discussion. He lose merely to correct
a statement which had been made, that this appro-
priation was authorized by the recommendation of
the department The appropriation of $8,000
already contained in the bill, was the estimated
amount for repairs, and no estimate had been
made for reconstruction The bill had provided all
that the department had asked for, vi¿ $15,000
for Fort Warren, and $8,000 for Fort Independ-
ence. After some further remarks, in explanation
of the present situation of these works, he called
on the House to endeavor to keep their appropria-
tions down, at least to the estimates of the officer
appointed to make them He had long with pain
witnessed the fact that all excess of appropriation
had originated m that House
Some  conveisation ensued   between Messrs.
. GORHAM, EVERETT, and POLK, not dis-
tinctly understood.
Mr PARKER addressed the House for a few
minutes, m favor of the amendment It was, he
said, admitted that the work was important, and
that it was m a state of dilapidation. It was also
apparent that $8,000 expended upon it, would be
ju^t so much money thrown away. As the ques-
tion thus presented itself, he was in favor of adopt-
ing the amendment, and on thatquesuon he asked
for the veas and nays, which were ordeied
Mr POLK said as he regarded the vote which
would be g'ven on this question indicative of the
feeling of the House on subjects of the most
emphatically vital importance, he deemed it essen-
tial to have a full House when it was taken. He
therefoie moved a cull of the House
A majority of the membeis present having
seconded the motion, the call was pioceeded in
until the Clerk had once gone through the list, and
while calling the names of the absentees tie call
was anetted by n .notion of Mr. H1ESTER for
its suspension, which was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr EVERETT, of Mas-
sachusetts, was then lend, and the question being
taken by yeas and nays, there appeared yeas bJ,
navs 120
So the House determined not to adopt the
amendment
Mr. McKIM then moved the amendment offered
by him in Comrmttee of the Whole yesterday
" For the repair of Tort Mr-Henry, in the city
"of Bilumoie,  ami   fur  putting  Ui    same  m a
•pr per ttate of deiei ce, $50,000."
Mr McK said b  should not detain the House
by a lengthy argument of the reasons which
induced him to move this item. All he should
say was, that in the opinion of the War Depart-
ment, it was thought expedient that Baltimore
should be put m a proper state of defence; and
there were papers before the House, which testi-
fied that its present defences were altogether in-
adequate. Mr. McK read a letter from the Sec-
retary of War to a similar purport, and referred
to other papers.
Mr. POLK would only remark, that a memo-
rial on this subject, from the citizens of Baltimore,
had been presented to the House, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, who had the
whole matter at this time under investigation;
and, therefore, he did not think it proper to take
it out of their hands.   The same principle applied
tion to the amendment, and asked for the yea 
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr WISE moved to adjourn; but, at the re-
quest of Mr POLK, withdrew the motion
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and decided in the negative—yeas 67, nays
111.
So the House refused to agree to the amend-
ment.
On motion of Mr. McKENNAN, -
The House then adjourned.
to this appropriation which applied to that for    TON
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 16, 1835.
Petitions and  memorials weie presented by
Messrs. KING of Alabama.TYLER.and PRES-
repairs in Boston harbor.   The House had been
furnished with no estimates.
Mr. McKIM asked for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows: Yeas 65, nays 130
So the House determined not to agree to the
amendment
Mr. THOMSON said, notwithstanding the two
votes of the House just recorded, he still deemed
it his duty to move the following amendment:
" For the repair of Fort Marion, formerly Fort
St. Mark's, and the repair of the sea wall at St.
Augustine, in Florida, $44,181."
Mr. T said, this was of a different character from
either of the two last. It was for the repair of a |
fort now sinking into a state of dilapidation, the j
original cost of which was said to have been
$2,000,000, and for arresting the progress of the
ocean upon the sea walls, which had been endan-
gered by the conduct of the United States offi-
Mr WHITE, of Florida, expressed his sur-
prise at the opposition these items meet with from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means-, but he hoped he would see cause to with-
draw his opposition to the present amendment.
The gentleman objected.to the appropriation for
the city of Baltimore on the ground that the sub-
ject was before the Military Committee, and they
had not yet acted upon it. Now, here was one
recommended and introduced by that committee,
not only of the present, but of a former session of
Congress, when a distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Drayton] was its chairman
Mr TYLER presented a memorial from certain
citizens of Georgetown, praying for the incorpo-
ration of a new bank m that city, with the power
of establishing branches in Alexandria and Wash-
ington; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr  BLACK, from the Committee on Private
i Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Edward Fame and Elias Arnold, re-
ported the same with an amendment
Mr. BLACK, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Wi"
ham M Cocheral, reported the same with a 
amendment.
Also, the bill for the relief of Abraham Wrin-
kle, which had been referred to the same com-
mittee, v/ith an amendment.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Mountioy Bailey
Mr POIN DEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them as follows:
A bill granting an additional quantity of land,
in satisfaction of revolutionary bounty land war-
rants.
A bill for the relief of John Tice.
A bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Charles Colwell. [The commit'ee
dissenting from the propriety of its passage ]
A bill for the relief of William O'Neill, which,
on motion of Mr POINDEXTER, was taken up
for consideration, and then laid on the table.
Mr. TIPTON gave notice that to-morrow he
' would' ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
I of Samuel and James Smith.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Coin-
hich  was referred the petition  of
The gentleman objected  that  the engineer  had i                                             r(,Terreii  .„B  whm.  u.
madelo report  ana that no lecommei^ation had     ^^/^—.l   /aponed  a ¿Ü? Sn^
ruidos! ¡?VY^SSr Ihat^i^ " ~^owLces to b/made
provision laid down in the Fiench constitution,     Co^^nJ°^r siLSBEE, the bill wu taken
[hat no measure could be debated in the Chamber         On m«n   ™ *              ,            engrossed
of Renresentatives ti' it was recommended by a     up lor consiaeraiiu  ,
CabinkMinister'  He hoped not.  Mr. W. made <   ^ot^fesolutlons wMe submi([ed:
By Mr. TYLER-                          ^     ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquiie into the propriety
of allowing to the legal representative of Will'am
Royall, deceased, interest on the commutation
pay allowed by an act passed at the last session
of Congress
By Mi  TIPTON.
Risolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
mstiucted to inquire into the expediency of placing
John Smith, of indnna, on the roll of invalid pen-
sionéis, from the date of his first application for a
pension, in the vear 1817
Bv Mr. BENTON:
Resohed, That the report of the Committee on
Finance, under the resolution of the Senate, to
investíate the affairs and conduct of the Bank of
the United Stages, and whith lepon was madeon
the ]8dl of December, 1834, be recommitted,
With instructions to renew and complete the in-
quiries into the subjects mentioned in the resoiu-
tl0On motion of Mr KING, of Alabama, the Sen
ate took up for cons.deiation the bill making an
aopropnation to complete the road from  Lyme
oretk to Chatahoochie,  opposite Columbus,   in
Alabama                                           ,   '   ..     t   , ,, 
Mi   KING submitted an amendmenttoobv ate
theoojection urged by Mr POINDEXTLR.when
some fuither remarks in support of the proposed
item, and hoped as the subject had been discussed
m, and recommended by a standing committee of
the House, that the amendment would prevail.
Mr THOMSON called for the reading of the
letter 'of the Secretary of War, which having been
read by the Clerk—
Mr POLK said, the letter contained no opinion
of that orsan of the Government, but merely
tiansmitted ceitain documents leferred to. What
were the facts, and what was the information
upon which the House was called upon to appio-
p, late this money > The fort at St. Marks, or Fort
Marion, as it was then called, was built by the
old Spanish Government when Tienda was ore of
the colonies of that power, foi what puroose he
believed few could imagme, for it was conceded on
all hands, that an armed force could not possibly
i .each tf. In the fust place, the depth of water
was never over nine feet, and Mr P had the
authority of the War Depai tment for the assurance
tnat it was in eve, y way unimportant forecast
defence [Mr P heie read the document inferred
to 1 Mi P. denied that he was goveined bv the
dictation of any Cabinet Minister, nor would he
yield to the dictation of any department of the
Government; but he would gladly receive any
mioimauon  within  the  scope of their  duty to
¿riVt?.
■ & Mr P  made some further lema.ks in opposi
132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
the bill was under consideration on a former day,
*' that the appropriation shall be taken, out of the
two per cent, fund, which has been set apart for
making roads in Alabama," which he supported
by some remarks.
Mr. POINDEXTER was not altogether satis-
fied with the amendment, and proposed to amend
the same further, by adding a proviso " that the
Legislature of Alabama should give her assent to
the appropriation."
Remarks were also made by Messrs. KING,
TIPTON, PORTER, MOORE, GRUNDY, in
favor of the bill: and by Met-srs. POINDEXTER,
BLACK, and HENDRICKS against it.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment, Mr. POiN DEXTER asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and the question
was disiigieed to by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Knight, Moore, Poindexter,
and Webster—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Buchanan,
Clayton, Frelinghuysen, Giundy, Hendrickb,
Hill, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Linn, McKean, Mtngum, Morris, Naudain,
Porter, Robinson, Shepley, Smith, Southard,
Swift, Fallmadge, Tipton, Tomiinson, Wagg.i-
man, White, and Wright—28.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. WRIGHT asked the yeasand nays there-
on; which were ordered, and are as follows, to wit:
• YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Grundy, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn, McKean,
Morris, Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, Wagga-
man, White, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Ewing, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hendricks, Knight, Mangum, Moore, Nau-
dain, Poindexter, Porter, Smith, Southard, Swift,
Tipton, Tomltnson, Tyler, and Webster—17.
So the question was determined in the affirma-
tive.
The question then being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading, as amended,
Mr. MOORE moved that the bill be laid on the
table till to-morrow; which was agreed to.
The CHAIR-communicated a letter from the
Treasury Department,accompanied by thereturns
made to that department by the banks of the
District of Columbia; which, on motion of Mr.
WEBSTER, was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also,anothercommunication from iheTreasury
Department, showing the number of clcrki em-
ployed in that department for the year 1834, and
the compensation paid to each.
The following resolution! submitted yesterday
by Mr. TIPTON, was taken up for consideration:
"¡¿(solved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate an estimate of
the cost of constructing a bridge over the river
Wabash, at the crosaingof the Cumberland road;
and also a report as to the practicability of con-
structing said bridge on such a plan as not to
obstruct the navigation of the river, at any stage of
water; and, should the files of the Department not
now furnish the information sought for by this
resolution, that the Secretary will cause it to be
procured and reported to the Senate at an early
day in the next session of Congress."
Mr. TÍPTON said that this resolution proposed
an inquiry into the practicability of constructing a
bridge over the Wabash, where the national road
crosses that stream. Several of the western States,
he said, weie interested in the erection of this
bridge; and all the States west of the Wabash,
were more deeply interested in it than Indiana was.
The mail sent to all the States west of that river,
would be transported in stages, and would be much
retarded in its progress, if there was no other mode
of crossing the river than in ferry boats. The
rise in the river in consequence of freshets, ren-
dered the crossing in boats dangerous; and the
floating ice in the winter season obstructed the
passageof boats, sometimesentirely, and of course
that of the mail and of travellers. But there was
alarge portion of Indiana, nearly one-fourth of the
State, and a portion of the State of Illinois, situ-
ated on the Wabash, above the crossing of the
national road, and all that country would be seri-
ously injured'if a bridge should be so erected as to
have the effect of obstructing the navigation of the
river at a high stage of the water; and his vote for
an appropriation to erect this bridge,Mr. T. said,
would depend upon the ascertainment of the fact,
whether it would have this effect or not. He
hoped and believed that a bridge eould be con-
structed on such a plan, that the navigation would
not be impeded or interfered with in any way, at
any stage of the water; and if it should so turn
out, the bridge ought to be erected. The inquiry
could injure no one, and would be a great satisfac-
tion to tnose immediately interested.
The íesolutioii was adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to establish a
mail route in East Florida, between the naviga-
ble waters of the St. John's and the Suwanee
river.
Mr. H., from thesame committee, also reported
a bill for the continuation and repair of the Cum-
berland road; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Latham, was read the second time and referred.-
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Robert Hale;
A bill for the relief of Etham Edwards;
A bill to allow further time for completing the
issuing and locating of military land warrants
during the late war;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Knox;
A bill to continue the office of Commissioner of
Pensions;
A bill for the relief of Absalom Lynch.
The bill authorizing the sale of a lion and two
horses, presented by the Emperor of Morocco to
the United States Consul at Tangiers, also came
up for a third readii!g;-and, on mo'io  of Mr.
POINDEXTER, was laid on the table.
The following bdls were read the seroñd timp,
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Francis Lasalle;
A bill for the relief of J unes Thomas;
A billgranungatownshipofland to theborough
of Mackinaw;                 •
A bill for the relief of William B. Zantzinger,
late Purser in the Navy;
A bill for the relief of Tufts &. Clark;
A bill fur the relief of Nicholas D. Coleman;
A bill for [he relief of Hiram A. Hunter;
A bill for the relief of Thomas J. Mortee.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, it was then
Oed.-red, That when the Senate adjourns, it will
adj lurn to meet on Mond iy next.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fr.iDiY, January 3G, 1835.
Petitions and memorial-', by consent, were pre-
sented by,
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Mr. GRAYSON, of Sou ill Carolina;
Mr. PHILLIPS, of Massachusetts;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Mr. MERCER, of Virginia;
Which memorials and petitions were appropri-
ately referred.
Mr. MAY presented the petition of Sundry
citizens of Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Terre Hnute, Indiana, toQuincy,
on the Mississippi river; which, .on his motion,
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which, under the rule, lies one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to cause an examination to be made into
the present condition of Fort Marion, in East
Florida, and to_ report to the next session of Con-
gress, whether* the public interests would not be
promoted by its repair and preservation for de-
fence and barracks, with an estimate of the cost of
its repair, and that of the sea-wall between it and
St. Francis barracks; and also to present a report
of the manner and objects to which the twenty
thousand dolíais appropriated has beer, expended.
On motion of Mr. DUÍÍLAP,
Rtsohad, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authorizing the Secretary of War to estab-
lish a pension agency in the town of Jackson,
in the State of Tennessee, and to provide for the
payment of all the United States pensioners re-
siding in the counties of Harden, McNairy, Har-
deman, Fayette, Shelby, Tipton, Haywood, Mad-
ison, Henderson, Perry, Carrol!, Gibson, Dyer,
Ouion, Weakly, and Henry, at said agency.
On motion of Mr. S TEW ART, of Pennsylvania,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropiiation to pay the salary
of Valentine Geisy, late superintendent of the
Cumberland road.
Mr. PINCKNEY offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested (if not inconsistent m his opinion with
the public interest) to communicate to this House
any correspondence that may have taken place be-
tween the Government and that of Spain respect-
ing the act of Congress, passed on the 30th day of
June, 1834, entitled, "An act concerning tonnage
duty on Spanish vessels"—and also any informa-
tion in his possession going to show whether there
is any prospect that the commerce of the United
States with the Island of Porto Rico, will hereaf-
ter be regulated upon principles of reciprocity, or
whether it is in contemplation by the Spanish au-
thorities to increase or reduce the discriminating
duties of tonnage, and the discriminating duties
on imports and exports now levied on American
vessels and on American merchandize and pro-
duce.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Walter Phillips; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. H UBB ARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for harbors, rivers, and the Delaware breakwater;
winch was read twice and committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, repotted a bill to prevent eva-
sions of the revenue laws,and for other purposes;
which was read twice and postponed to Monday
week.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reponed a bill making appropriations
for building light-houses, erecting beacon lights,
and making surveys for the year 1835; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the same commit- '
tee, reported a bill making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors therein mentioned;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. G1LLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution; which
•Alas' agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole be
discharged from the further consideration of bill
No. 594, and it be committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill placing the name of
Captain Cole on the pension roll; which was read
twice and committed.
Messrs. FOSTER, HUBBARD, McINTIRE,
ADAMS of New York, and MOORE, each made
unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c, referred
to their respective.committees.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to authonze the State
of Alabama to apply the two per cent, of the pro-
ceed of the sales of the public lands within that
State, to opening a canal, or making a railroad,
for the purpose of connecting the waters of the Ten-
nessee and Coosa rivers; which was read twice.
Mr. BLAIR moved that the said bill be now en-
grossed for a third reading; and remarked, that
the bill on its face so clearly developed the object,
that explanation would be unnecessary. He would
however say, that by the terms of the compact
under which the State of Alabama came into the
Union, two per centum of the net proceeds of
the sales of the public lands were reserved to
make a road or roads leading to that State, and
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
that the bill proposed, the contracting parties
a"reung thcreio, to change the direction of that
fund and apply it to the constiucunga railroad or
canal between ihe Tennessee and Coosa nveis.
He said that inasmuch as new appropriation of
money from the Tieasury was asked, and the
necessity of epeeddy putting it in the power of
Alaoama to pass upi n the pioposed change, he
had obtained the unanimous consent of the seven
rnembeis in the committee, when (he subject was
brought befoie them, to the motion which he had
made. He-said that, a v. are that some might
object that the Legislature of A'auama could not
constitutionally change the compact which had
been made by the convention, the bill was so
worded as to obviate every scruple by requiring
the assent of the S ate ot Alabama before the
change could be made. Mr. S3 said that he could
fore&ee no possible objection to the piopos'tion,
inasmuch ua thei e was no necessity for making
euch roads to Alabama as were contemplated at
the time of the compact The Indian title has,
gene>ally, been extinguished in the adjacent States,
and the territory settled up to her borders; what
was then regaided as being necessary, is now
wholly unnecessary. The improvement which
is pioposed, ( Alabama consenting,) is one of the
fiist impoiUnce. It will intersect ihiee States,
and unite waters flowing fiom and through five
of the States of this Uniun. It has been long a ,
culject of examination by the Committee on ,
Roads and Canals, and has as often as it has been
brought forward, been favoiably reported upen
He hoped the House would oider the cull to be
engrossed for a thud reading, inasmuch as any
otner disposition of it would tend to defeat it at
this stage of the session.
Mr McKINLEYbaid he westaken by surprise.
He had rever hcaid that it was intended to intro-
duce such a 'ml Hisconstituents were interested
m the disposition < f this fund, and as this bill was
not calculated to benefit them, he would move to
lay it on the talle.                                                       |
Mr McKi\ley withdrew the motion at the
request of
Mr. CLAY, who entered into an explanation
of the Circumstances undei which the bill had oeen
repotted. A resolution on this subject, adopted
on hia motion s line time since, had been lefeired
to the Committee on Roadi and Carata. Hehad
supposed that his colleague (Mi. McKivley) was
awaie of ihis ftct The committee, it was tiue,
had repoited a bill somewhat variant from his pro-
position; but he could not see how his colleague
could ha\e been taken by surpribe by the mtro-i
duction of the bul. In relation to the lelmquibh-
ment of this fund, he would remark that, by the
teims of the c impact, two per cent, of the net
pioceeds ot the saleo ot the public lands within
said State, aítei h r admission, was reserveu to the
S ate of Alabama, for the puipose of opening a
ro id 01 loads io the S^ate—not f r mak.ng rout,
uit'an the Siate M >ie tl an §100,OOJ nad accrued
in de. tin crmpaci—noie tl an fiiteen yea'-s had
elapsed, and ■lot a single doll u Had been applied
as contemnVied Fiom the p dicy vvhtel had been
adopted 1 y the Genii d Govennient, it w-os not
1 kety tr at tl is sum >vould be f o ap¡ lied. Besides,
it would go but a httle «ay towards accomplish-
ing tne orig nal r 1 ten intends I. The simple in-
tention of the bill ,vas so ti charge the compact
as to peini.t the Saite of Alaban,a to a;p!v this
money to rtiothei nnpoitant, though diffeient
o! ject—nunely, the opei mgof a canal or lailroad
to connect the wa'ers rt the Tennessee with Cot ba
n\ei He could see no pObsiLIe objection to the
passage of the bin, in ibinuch as the State of <\la
bamn was left, by it  teim«, ¡e<Jictly id ¡ihetty to
accept, oi icjul, the proposed relinquishment of the
fund. Mi G biid, it was true tl u iiwiesolutinn
ri.ntemplr'ed giving a Lroade di'cietion to the
Legislatuie—that was, the applic dioii of the fund
to the constiuction of a i'ilioad or canal, cm-
riectmg the tentéis it the .Vott'f Bay uith //io«e if
tlie Tcmiesiie Jiro , ins"a<l ot rnivng any ¡¡ail.c-
\dm uve  flow ng into M ibile Bay, and lie wouid
Etpl pi ele, the bill in thalfonn. As the committee
had thought pio¡ er to vary the terms of the ie-
hnquishment, however, still leaving it entue y in
the election of Alabama to reiene it or not, on
tnobe terms, and as, Without the passage of this
bill, the fund would continue to be inactive and
unproductive, he hoped it would pas , and should
give it his support. It would be better to get the
benefit oí the lund in the mode proposed, than to
lose the advantage of it altogether, and he hoped
that his honorable colleague would withdraw his
opposition.
Mr. MEPtCERsuggested tothegentleman from
Tennessee [Mi. Blair] the propriety of permit-
ting the bill to go to the Committee ot the Whole
on I he state of the Union, where it void J be open
to amendment lie feared that it would be lost
if pressed at this time, &c.
Mr. MARDIS wa3 apprehensive that this sub-
ject was not understood by the House. The fund
íeferred to was not the propeity of the United
fetales. The bill did not ask the appropriation of
a single cent. It only asked a change of the dis-
pobiuon of a fund reserved to tne State of Ala-
bama, by compact, that it may be applied specially
to the opening of a canal oi railroad, to connect
the waters of the Tennessee and Coosa livers
By applying this money m the mode proposed by
the bill, it would open a steam communication
from New Oi leans to Maine, with the exception
of about three hundied miles. But his colleague
[Mr. McKikley] thought that his constituents
would not be benefitted by this lniptovement. He
could not suppose his colleague acted upon the
selfish principle that becaube it was not m his
immediate district, his consti uents would not be
in favor of this gieat national impioven ent. But
a veiy small pouion of his constituents were im-
meui itely mteiested in this woik, but its lmpoit-
ance, in a general point of view, would induce
him to give this measure his cordial support. He
hoped, theiefore, that tí e bill would beordered to
be eugiossed, and, if necessaiy,it would he post-
poned to such time as would allow gentlemen to
examine it thoroughly.
Mr McKINLEY repesie'd that he was taken
by surpribe on the lutioduction of this bill He
had held no conveisation with eithei of bis col-
leagues, or any othei person, on the subject, noi
was the lesolunon to wh'ch one of nib colleagues
[Mi. Ciay] shaded calcnluied to i,ppnze hni of
an lnttntio, to intioducc any suu, i.ieasuieas the
present. The leason ot Ins suipi'iee was, that a
bill of this chaiacier, affec'ing the interests of the
people of Alabama, should be introduced without
consultation with us Kpresentatives on thibilooi,
and tha' it should be pioposed to oider its en
grossmentat the moment of its introduction It
was ceriainly not s ¡auge that he should indicate
a detei mmation to protect the mtei estb of his con-
stituents
Mi. BLAIR íephed to Mr. McKinley, and
otheis, that, for twelve yeais, the connection of
the Ten.iesbee and Coosa riveis had been, to his
knowledge, befoie Congresb, that it was, in his
ebiimat'on, the most in portant inpiovement (in
volví, g the expenditure of a like amount of money)
in the Union It was of direct lmeiest to five
States i f this Uivon He had, as a member of
the commitiee and of the House, ureed the appro-
pi lation of money to complete ihat object When
refused money, he had consented to lake lands in
its vie mty, as had been given to other States,
when that was refused He ws- ready to resort
even to the expedient of making an appeal to the
State of Alabama, tocneit the two pei cenufiom
tibeless load*, 10 the pioseuitioi, of that gieat
wo.k Mi B said that the House had the sub-
ject before i , and would d.sposeof it as might be
thought best, im iu> own part he would give no
consent to lefer the bill to a Committee of the
Wnole on the state of die Un on He pie'erred
a vote on the subject, and if rejected, it would be
dune openly and direcdy—toie c- to the commit-
tee at tins stage of a short session, wrs \otmg to
bin y the bul undei the mass of businebS then upon
the tibie
As to the íema'k of the honorable gentleman
from Ati b,ma. \\1> McKixlky,] that trnb State
had not asker1 foi the en inge.and that he had not
been coiibtofu—hec ul I s„y that the meosniehal
been pres\eu by orléis fio n his State, and Mr
B h^d fcUupi ed that a penect unders- andina; had
pieva.led amoi ffst the members ot initdei°g tiun
This he could say with truth, that Alatiami has
always legaided the connexion of the Tennessee
and Coosa as a woik of no|>ortance, and the Le-
gislature, at its present session, had that subject
before it m a proposition from a committee of that
body to pledge the faith of the State for the repay-
ment of a loan of $1,000,000 to perfect that im-
provement. And it Mr. B. was not mistaken, the
gentleman himself had subscribed to .its import-
ance in voting for the appropriation of the public
lands to woik- of improvement in his State, of
which this was one
Mi. IlLLMORE thought there were principles
of considerable importance involved m the bill
which rendered it proper that it should go to a
committee. The House was called urion to vary
a compact, or enter into a new one He thought
that the measuie proposed was equivalent toan
appropriation of money from the Treasuiy. He
was not unfriendly to the bill, nor did he desire to
throw any unnecessary obstiuctions in the way of
its passage; but he consiaeied it necessary that it
should be committed.
Mr. BR1GGS inquired of the Chair, whether,
under the rule, it was not indispensably necessary
that the bill should be committed.
Aftei some conveisation between the CHAIR,
Messrs. BR1GGS,CLAY, and McKlNLEY, on
the point of order, the bill, in obedience to the
decision of the Speaker, was committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, renorted a bill to authorize the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs at St. Louis to employ a
cleik; wmch was read twice. Mr. G asked that
it might be engrossed for a third reading.
Mi. GARL VND objected on the ground that
the course was ínegular, and gave a precedence
over other bills heretofore reported. He referred
to one or two in particular, in which many citi-
zens of his own State were deeply interested, end
on which it had been found impossible to procure
the action of the House. He preferred that the
business should progress in its regular order.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rule. He
was satisfied that the bill ought to pass, and he
hoped it would be ordered to be engrossed at this
time.
Mr. ASHLEY said there ought to be no gen-
eral rule without an exception. He thought this
bill presented a case of that sort. A clerk was
absolutely necessary in the office of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs at St Louis. The busi-
ness of that office, unless a clerk was' provided,
would have to be measurably suspended, and the
superintendent would be compelled to employ one
at his own expense, or suffer' the business to be
neglected, if this bill was not passed. He hoped
that the rule would be suspended, and the bill
pei muted to progress.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rule—yeas 95, nays 67;
two-thirds being necessary.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rule setting
aside this day for the consideration of private bills,
in order that the House should proceed with the
consideration of the appropriation bills; which
was disieieed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Secretary of the Treasury, covering a
report, pursuant to a resolution, in relation to the
marine hospital fund, &c , which was laid on the
table and ordeied to be printed.
A bill for the relief of Richard T. Archer, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time
CLAIM OF RICHARD W. MEADE.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the House re-
solved itself into a Cimmittee of the Whole, (Mr.
Ward m the chan,) and took up and considered
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Richard W  Meade.
Tne bill having been read by the Clerk,
Mr ARCHER called for the reading of the
lepoit on the claim by the Committee on Foteign
Affaiis.
The íepoit was accotdingly also read by the
Cleik.
Mi ARCHER then supported the claim at
some length, soing into a minute detail of all the
ciicumstances out of which it giew. The Gov-
ernment of the United States had put it out oí the
power of the claimant to collect this debt from
Spain, by the solemn stipulations of airea y. In
puisuanceof these stipulations, out Government
had íeceived a certain sum of money for various
184                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   ^                     January 17,
claims, including this, and paid  out the whole
amount to others than the present claimant
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, recapitulated the cir-
cumstances attendant on the execution of the
treaty between the United States and Spam, by
which Florida was ceded to the former In an-
swer to an inquiry of the gentleman from Virgi-
nia, [Mr AKCHER,]Mr.W said the United States
did, by the terms of that treaty, assume the claims
of our'citizens against that Government.
Mr. POLK regretted that some members of the
committee had not prepared themselves to meet
this bill It was an old acquaintance in the House,
and had long ago been rejected by a vote of more
than two to one. Mr P opposed the validity of
the claim at considerable length, and gave a suc-
cinct statement of the formei proceedings both of
Congress and of a commission appointed for the
purpose several years ago in reference to it. If
the House adopted this bill, they would be reopen-
ing a mass of claims to an amount of not less than
thirty-nine millions of dolíais, which would come
under the same principle Mr P. also contended
that there was no additional evidence presented at
this time more than was before the Spanish com-
mission, and on which they had heretofore adju-
dicated, and appealed to the honorable chairman
of the committee if this was not so
Mr ARCHER said if the bill should pass, he
was given to understand that additional testimony
would be adduced.
Mr. POLK said, then he was right; there was
no evidence before the House than was before the
commission, and, by passing the bill, the House
would be entei taming an appeal fiom a tribunal of
its own cieation, to the hazaid of many millions
of the public treasury. Mr P said if he could
believe there was one dollar due to this individual
claimant, he would cheerfully lend his feeble aid
towards its recovery He sincerely desired strict
justice to every American citizen He concluded
by expressing a wish that the bill might not be
decided upon to day, but a fuither time might be
given foi its investigation.
Mr. ARCHER asked for the reading of the
bill, by which the House would perceive that it
embraced no appropuation,but simply directed an
investigation to be made by the Attorney General
and two Auditors.
The bill having been read by the Clerk,
Mr POLE called for the reading of the bill of
1828, which having been done, Mr P. said the
first two sections of both bills were the same, but
the one before the House contained a provision
for the payment of theclaim, should adecision be
mode in its favor, which was not in the former
one
Mr ARCHER said he was not aware before
that the bill contained a clause for the payment of
the claim He moved that this clause he stncken
out
Mr EVERETT, of Massachusetts, called for
the reading of a document which had some beanng
on the question. The íeport of the committee of
1826 was then read by the Cleik
Mr E said it was tiue that the bill of 1828 was
lost by avote of two to one, buthe would remind
the House that, in 1826, the same bill pasbed by
a majority of not less than two to one, and the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee voted in the
affirmative
Mr POLK said the bill of 1826 was brought
on at a late hour of the evening, at the heel of the
session, and he would admit that he did vote, as
peí haps otheisdid, in the dark as to the facts,and
without having given the subject due examina-
tion Mi P also remembered that his vote was
quoted against him on occasion of the lejection
of the bill of 1828, and he then gave a similar
explanation,
Mr EVERETT continued to advocate the
claim, which, he contended, was founded m truth
and justice, and tested upon its own merits, with
out reference to the other claims alleged by the
gentleman fiom Tennessee to be involved in the
same principle He could see no evil that could
result from its refeience to a board for investiga-
tion
Mr HARDIN said, he regretted that business
of another character had compelled him to be
absent during the greater pan of this discussion,
but he desired   to give his sentiments  on this
claim, since it was one which he had investigated
at a former session He would proceed, if it was
the pleasure of the committee, but as the hour
was late, he moved that the committee rise.
The motion being agreed to, the committee
rose, reported progress, and obtained lea%e to sit
again.
On motion of Mr HUBBARD,
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 17, 1835
The bill to authorize the superintendent of In-
dian affairs at St   Louis to appoint a clerk, was
ordered to be engiossed for a third reading.
PAPERS OF GENERAL WASHINGTON
Mr TURR1LL submitted the followingjoint
resolution, which was postponed to Monday next:
Resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep e entatives
of the United States of Amei lea in Congress assembled,
Uhat the Secietary of State, whenever the same
shall come into his possession, be authorized and
requned to deliver to the Secretary of War such
of the documental y evidence and papers purchased
of the hens of General Washington, as/will be
serviceable in the adjustment of pension claims
pending in the War Department
PETITIONS.
Petitions on leave were presented by—
Mr HANNEGAN, of Indiana,
[Mr H presented a memorial and joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Indiana,
relative to the establishment of a port of entiy at
the town of Lafayette, on the Wabash river, in
said State, and moved that the same be refeired
to tne Committee on Commerce, which was ac-
cordingly done ]
Mr SCHLEY, of Georgia;
Mi  ASHLEY, of Missouri;
Mr SMITH, of Maine, and
Mi  ADAMS, of Massachusetts;
Which weie appropriately referred.
ACCOUNTS OF THE WAR AND NAVY DEPART-
MENTS.
Mr MANN, of New York, asked the House
to consider two resolutions which he had (by per-
mission) laid upon the table a few days since—
requesting the Secretaries of the War and Navy
Departments, respectively, to furnish copies and
statements of the items and aggregates of the com-
pensation, accounts of the officers of the army and
navy, including all stated and special allowances
of every description, for the two lastyeais, and
showing, also, their travel, and grades,and where
stationed, and what services they have perfoimed.
Mr. M said, that he had been informed, since
these resolutions have been laid upon the table,
that it was not probable they could be answered
in season to permit any action of the House upon
the subject at this session, and wishing to afford
the depaitments ample time to make full and
accurate repoits, he would take occasion now to
say, that on the coming in of such íepoits at the
next session, he would ask for the appointment
of a committee, to consider and thoroughly inves-
tigate the subject in the hope that ample, equal,
and even liberal justice, mignt be done to all the
officers engaged in those branches of the public
service.
The resolutions weie then taken up, modified
by the mover, and adopted, in the following foinv
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to this House an abstract of
the items of all accounts and claims for the com-
pensation and allowances of every ki.id foi the two
last fiscal years, distinguishing each year ending
30th September, 1834, of the generals, colonels,
lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains of the
army, and also of all officers attached to the en-
gineer and topographical departments, which
have been actually paid and allowed, with a gene-
ral statement showing also the aggregate pay and
emoluments, including all stated and special al-
lowances paid and allowed to each commission
officer of the army, name and rank of every grade
for each year aforesaid, and the aggregate of the
whole, and showing, also, the places from and to
which, and the computed distance between such
places, and the amount for which transportation
has been allowed and paid to each officer of the
army, and where stationed, and what seivices each
has performed
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Navy be
requested to communicate to this House an ab-
stract of the items of all the accounts and claims
for compensation and allowances of every kind
for the two last fiscal years, dist nguishipg each
year, ending 30th Septembei, 1834, of the cap-
tains, masters commandant, lieutenants, pursers,
and navy agents of the navy, with a general state-
ment, showing also the aggregate pay'and emolu-
ments, including all stated and special allowances
actually paid and allowed to each commissioned
officer of the navy, by name and rank, of every
grade, and v here stationed (excepting midship-
men) for each year aforesaid, and the aggiegate
of the whole, showing, also, the places fiom and
to which, and the computed distance between such
places, and the amount for whicu tianspoitation
oi travel has been allowed and paid to each officer
of the navy, and where each is stationed, and what
sei vices each has perfoimed
The following resolution submitted on Thurs-
day last, by Mr EWING, of Indiana, was con-
sidered and agreed to-
Resohed, lhat the Secretary of War be re-
quested to cause the late annual report of the
engineer department to be reexamined in relation
to an alleged maccuiacy in the amount of umje-
peudedappiopnations heretofore made to constiuu
the national road in the State of Indiana, and
transmit to this House as speedily as may be prac-
ticable, the result, together witha statement show-
ing the sum that now íemains unexpended, and
that which will actually be available for payment
of labor on siid road in Indiana, during the ap-
proaching season
On motion of Mr  HANNEGAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be directed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the benefit of the preemption law to all
persons who were actual settlers, or had made im-
provements on the public lands with the intention
of becoming settlers puor to the first day of Jan-
uaiy, 1835.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio,
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to the State of Ohio a quantity of land
equal to that which has been sold by the officers
of the General Government within the limits of the
giant formerly made by Congress to that State, to
aid in the extension of the Miami canal since the
passage of the act making said grant Also, a
quantity equal to twenty five sections, m addition
to the original grant, the whole to be selected from
the alternate sections now reserved from sale along
the line of the Miami canal in that State
On motion of Mr JARVIS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of i emulating by law the number of clerks to be
employed in the Departments of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Post
Office, in such manner, as to prevent the introduc-
tion into the appropriation bills of appropriations
for extra clerk hire, or arrears of clerk hire not
provided foi in any existing laws.
On motion of Mr MAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
íeporting a bill authorizing the county commis-
sioners of Joe Davies county to purchase of the
United States, at the minimum price of the public
lands, for the use and benefit of the county afore-
said, the section of ¡and embracing the town of
Galena
On motion of Mr GARLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of ^ieating
a collection district in the Slate of Louisiana, to
include all the coast from the Petite Aure Bayou,
where it empties into the Vermillion Bay, to the
Sabme nver,and also inquire into the expediency
of establishing ports of entry on suitable points
on the Bay, on Vermillion, and the river Mer-
mentau, and Calcasieu, in said district.
On motion of M<   CHINN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ÍÉ5
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Y.irnldu church, in Richmond city, Virginia, to
Henderson's river, in Northumberland county.
On motion of Mr ASHLEY,
Uewlced, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of liquida-
ting- the accounts of William Newland and D. ¡VL
¡Rice, for attendance on, and supplies furnished*
two soldieis of the United States Army, whilst
sick and 011 furlough.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT,
Resolied, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of paying to Ann Wilson, widow of Val-
entine Wilson, a revolutionary soldier, the amount
of hi? pension arrears from the 4th March, 1831,
to the time of Ins death, 4th July, 1833.
On motion of Mr. CASEY,
Resolved, Tiiat the Committee on the Post Of-
fice a¡id Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mall route from
Mount Carmel, by Coffington, Albion, Leech's
Mills, and Fairfield, to Salem, all in the State of
Illinois.
EXTENSION OF THE  FEDERAL .TUDICIARF.
Mr REYNOLDS submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be ínstiucteü to inquire into the expediency of
extending the Fedeiai judiciary to all the States
in the Onion alike, and report thereon.
Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that he did not
pretend to be more painotic and more able to
bring this subject !>efore_ the House than any
other Representative from the new States; but he
cou'd not remain a disinterested spectator and
know that the new States were not on an equal
footing with the other States. He was raised in
one of the new States, and knowing and experi-
encing the feelings and situation of them, in this
respect, he could not rest satisfied on this sub-
ject until all enjoyed the sa.ne privileges and ad-
vantages. The new States could not tax the soil
within their limits like the other States, and, in
fact, laooied under many inconveniences which
the iatter did not. He conceived that the mere
mention of this subject was sufficient to enable
this enlightened botly to do justice to the new
States, and that was all he desired or asked.
Mr. ARCHER, observed that the subject was.
already brought before the Committee on the
Judiciary by the message of the President.
it being further suggested that a bill on this
subject wcs in a state of preparation—
Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that he was not
heretofore aware of theie facts He knew that
the President always did right on this subject—
he did not alinde to his latemesssge in particular.
But as the subject was before the Committee on
the Judiciary, the object was answered, and he
would therefore withdraw the resolution; which
he did.
AUDITING HOUSE ACCOUNTS.
The following resolution, which had been
agreed to by the House, then came up for recon-
sideration, of which notice had been given on a
former day:
Rfsvloed, That the Committee on ¡he Contin-
gent Expenses of the House he dnected to audit
the accounts of the members of the committee ap-
pointed by the House of lv.epiesentatives on the
2G h day of June last, for investigatinj the condi-
tion and proeeedinirs ot tlie Post Office Depart-
ment,at the rate of compensation paid tothecom-
mittee for prepaiing a code of laws for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, "of which Philip Doddridge,
Esq , was chairman, viz: eight dollars per day
duiing the recess, without any other allowance.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the resolution, for the purpose, as he stated,
cf moving an amendment thereto.
The motion was agreed to without a division.
Mr. MANN then'said he had, with some lutle
care, piepareu an amendment to this resolution,
which he begged to oiler to the consideration of
the House.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Strikeout all after (he word resolved, and insert,
''That the Committee on Accounts of this House
' be directed to audit the accounts of the members
' of the committee appointed by this.Houseon the
' 26 h day of June last, for investigating the condi-
' lion and proceedings of the Post Office Depart-
• ment, and allow each member of such committee
' at the rate of eight dollars per day, (including a
' reasonable time for their traveling respectively to
' the seat of Government,) during the time they
' have actually been entraged at the Post Office De-
' partment, up to the commeocement of the present
' session."
Mr. M. proceeded by saying he would take
this occasion to remark, that in a consultation
with several gentlemen of the House, it had been
suggested as a matter of justice to this committee,
to allow them, in addition to what was proposed,
their usual mileage for travelling expenses, and to
that suggestion Mr. M. would yield, by a modi-
fication of his amendment, ifany gentleman wished
to propose it. He would do so for this reason,
that when gentlemen were called away on public
business, their affairs at home must necessarily
suffer; and he was willing, upon principle,*that
they should be paid the same as in an extra ses-
sion of Congress. The resolution as amended by
him, would give each of these gentlemen about
$550, which many of them, perhaps, would be
disposed to consider as an inadequate compensa-
tion; but whether it would be deemed sufficient
by the House, he was not prepared to say. He
repeated, he would submit the amendment, and if
any gentleman felt disposed to modify it, by
allowing the usual travelling expenses of mem-
bers, Mr. M. would accept the modification.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, was will-
ing to grant the members of this committee a full,
adequate, and just compensation; for there could
be no question that their duties had been many and
arduous; but he was at a loss to perceive how this
could be done in the manner proposed, conform-
able to the laws at present m force. Tne laws
regulating the pay of members had not been re-
pealed, and, until they were, he could not perceive
how they could, constructively, allow this commit-
tee tne extra payof mileage. These gentlemen
had not performed the journey twice; they came
to this ci'y but once, and he thought it neither
reasonable nor proper that they should be twice
paid. That they should be paid eight dollars per
diem he thought just, but not double mileage.
Mr GILLET would inform thegentlemtin from
North Carolina, that he knew one of the members
of the committee who did leturn home. He came
to this city, spent a considerable time here, and
returned to bis family; so that one, at least by the
gentleman'/own principle, would be entitled to
his allowance of mileage.
Mr. MILLER said he could see no necessity
whatever for the passage of this resolution. The
law had fixed the compensation of members, and
it was alleged that tins committee met on the first
of September. Well, that was nothing more
than a prolongation of the session, or an anticipa-
tion of the meeting of Congress. Their duties
were precisely similar to those they would have
had to perform during the session, and nothing
more, and lie could see no necessity for giving
them more than the law fixed, viz : eight dollars
a day. This could be given them without the
resolution proposed.
Mr. MANN, of New York, begged to make a
single remark m reference, to what had fallen from
the gentleman from North Carolina, whose opin-
ions, on such subjects, he was bound to treat with
respect. Mr.«VI. had drawn this resolution, giv-
ing the members of the committee eight dollars a
day for the time they were aduallu engaged; and
he only said, that it had been suggested to him by
several gentlemen to give them the mileage, and
he had said that if such a modification were pro-
posed, he would accept it. That, having been
engaged during the vacation, their necessary busi-
ness at home must have been neglected, and this
offered a reason for the extra pay, though it was
not embraced m his amendment. Thegentleman
from North Carolina said we could not do this
without changing the law. Mr. M. knew the law
was peremptory on this subject; but he had sup-
posed it competent for the House to appropriate
its own contingent fund, and it was upon tbat
principle he relied
As to theremark of the honorable member fiom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller,] that these gentle-
men would be entitled to their pay of eight dollars
a day, as a matter of right, without a resolution,
Mr. M. had supposed it necessary, in consequence
of its being a special expenditure, out of the ordi-
nary course, and beyond the power of the Com-
mittee on the Contingent Expenses of the House;'
and he understood that that committee had 'here-
tofore refused, or had, in the present instance,
refused to audit these accounts.
Now, for ihc resolution as drawn up by himself.
It would give the members of this committee pay
for sixty-nine days—their session commencing in
this city on the first or second of September, ex-
clusive of the time spent m travelling, amounting,
in round numbers, to about $550. The original
resolution embraced the whole period of time from
the adjournment of the last session of Congress,
on the 30di June.
Mr. M. said.Jie understood the practice had
been settled heretofore^ that committees engaged
in the business, and by order of the House, should
be paid their necessary travelling expenses. Such
was the case last session in regaid to the commit-
tee appointed to investigate the affairs of the Bank
of the United States, who were paid their mileage
between the seat of Government and the city of
Philadelphia, and no more; their wages as mem-
bers of Congress went on; but they paid all their
others, except travelling expenses. In conclusion,
he would remark, that notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Williams,] the House could appropriate as much
of its own contingent fund as it thought proper.
Mr. M. would observe that he was by no means
particularly disposed to give those gentlemen an
extraordinary or an unusual compensation, but he
was disposed to treat them with liberality.
Mr. GILLETthen offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
"And that those who came to Washington on
' saitf business,and returned homebeforethecom-
' mencement of the present session of Congress,
' be allowed their extra travel and their per diem
' allowance while attending on said committee,
' and no more."
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, said, he was
opposed to both amendments, because he consid-
ered them unfair, unequal,and unjust in their oper-
ations. The reason assigned by one gentleman
for allowing this extra compensation was, that the
usual daily pay was insufficient. That might be
true. They have doubtless attended there at art
extra expense, and neglected their business, but
he did not think this offered a satisfactory reason
for double mileage. Besides, it should bereraem-
bered, that some of these gentlemen resided at
comparatively a small distance from this city, and
others at a very remote distance, and, therefore,
paying them in the way proposed would be draw-
ing a great distinction in the cases, and be no crite-
rion. One would receive very little, and another a
great amount. It was well known that of the com-
pensation received by members of Congress none
was so ample as that of mileage. Some received
no less than three thousand dollars mileage, ill
coming to, and returning from Washington, while
that of others did not amount toa hundred dollars.
This was the ground of his objection to the first
amendment. Withregard tothesecond—itseems
that some one or more members of the committee
took occasion to return home to attend to their
private affairs, and it was proposed not only to
pay them their eight dollars a day during their
absence, but also their mileage for going and re-
turning. This would be rewarding them, not for
attending to their public, duties, but for going home
to attend to their private concerns, and abandon-
ing the former. If additional compensation be
necessary anywhere, it ought to be bestowed
rather upon those who remained at their post than
upon those who weitaway.
Mr. CROCKETT said, he should oppose both
amendments, for he thought the usual pay of eight
dollars a day ample. It was nonsense to talk
about its being a sacrifice to come there, for. if it
was, they would not see so many grasping to be
members of Consress. He consd^red eight
dollars a day a sufficient remuneration for any
man, lei his business be what it may.
136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
the per diem allowance of eight dollars per day,
which all of the members received. Mr. J said,
that it was objected that the per diem allowance
embraced the whole recess, and was not limited
to the number of days which the committee had
been engaged in this city. He understood that
the duty ot the committee was coextensive with
the Confederacy, and not confined to this ten
miles square. It extended alike to Mame and St.
Louis, and beyond, our post offices-existed every-
where; our mail stages and mail coaches were run-
ning everywhere, and he supposed that the com-
mittee extended to a minute examination ot every-
tnmg which conceined the depaitment, of matters
and things in general. The commission was not
confined to this place, and if the committee had
performed thisarduous duty, they deserved pay for
every day of the recess, and he would not suppose
for a moment that any member of the committee
had been deficient He expected that every mem-
ber of the committee had so devoted his time to
his duty, wherever he was, that he could not, and
did not, attend to any other business. It was an
mteiruption of his time, and occupied his mind.
If this was not the case, he would not be willing
to give full wages He recollected that during
the labt session, a ¡sufficient mass of documents
had been íeported to require two months to ex-
amine and understand them. This, he understood,
was perfoimed by the committee—no doubt the
mass of useless documents would be found to be
pifctty much like two giains of wheat in a bushel
cf chaff— yet they were documents, and íequired i
examination, and close examination. He had j
conversed with several members of the committee,
and he understood ftom them that they were fully J
as much employed during the recess as members'!
ot Congress during a session, for which we leceive ,
by law, and by the will of our constituents, eight
dollars per day. Unless, therefoie, a better mode
of compensation could be devised, he should vote
for the original proposition, and he wished to give
so much by the day, and not allow mileage, or go
into constructive journeys, or the contingent ex-
penses ot the cormnutee If we depared from the
íule of payng what we all got whne in session,
we did not know what we should give, and he
wished to know precisely the amount given, and
then theie was no deception or uncertainty.
Mr J. baid he should not trouble the House any
longer on the subject.    The whole amount would
soon be expended in debate.    The committee were !
willing to take whatever the House would grant,
and he should  be contented and satisfied, what-I
I evei  it might be, but, for his pait, he wouid vote
for paying u reasonable comperisatiomji) the ser-
1 vantsoftne people, it those servantswere faithful, I
I which, in the present instance, he believed to be I
the case.    For his part, he would say,that, while |
he would make any sacnfice for his country, if
duty called foi it, yet, for money, he would not
have  undeitaken and  executed what had been
I done by the committee, for douule the amount
proposed.
Ihe discussion was here aneetcd by a call, by
Mr ASHLEY, for the ordeis of the day, which
pievailed—yeas 86, nays 72
EXECUTIVC COMMUNICATIOftS.
|     The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
lowing communications.                                             i
A letter from the Secietaiy of the Treasury, in
answer to a lesolution of the 23d ultimo, trans- |
muting the  amount of expenditures heietofore
made under ceitain specific heads, fortifications, I
internal  improvements,  light-houses, &o , &c ,
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a list of the clerks in his department
and then compensation, laid* on the table and
ordeted to be punted                                                   |
A lettei  from  the Secretary ef the Treasury, '
covering statements of the situation of the several
banks in the District of Columbia, refeired to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FILLMORE opposed the claim for extra
mileage, and said it was nothing more than a pro-
tracted session, or an anticipation of the session,
so far as the committee were concerned, and he
was willing to give them what the law allowed,
but no more.                                     „
Mr. MANN wished to offer a few words of
explanation. Thegentlemanfrom Virgmiaseemed
to suppose that Mr M 's amendment proposed to
pay the committee for all the time of the recess;
this was not the case; it only proposed to give
them eight dollars a day for the time they were
actually engaged in the performance of their duty.
He had said that if that should be considered in-
adequate, and any gentleman moved an addition,
he would not oppose it, but would accept it as a
modification. One of Mr M.'scolleagues proposed
to give them something for going home to attend
to—their elections, for we might as well call things
by their right names.
Mr. FILLMORE It proposed to pay them
eight dollars a day, including " a reasonable time
for their tiavellmg respectively to the seat of Gov-
ernment,''and Mr. F. would like to know what
was meant by " a reasonable time'" Was it to
be a day's pay for every twenty miles'—for that
was the principle fixed by the law—or how was
it to be fixed ' It was immaterial what the amount
was, the principle was the same, and, as he said
befoie, it would be paying them, he would even
say íewardmg them, for going home to attend to
their private business He was disposed to act
liberally, and was willing to allow them for the
whole time from the commencement of their ses-
sion, until that of Congress, whether they were
occupied the whole time on the public business or
not. His honorable colleague asked if Congress
had not power to pay this extra allowance out of
its contingent fund. Mr F. would ask if these
persons were to be paid as commissioners or as
members of Congress' If as commissioners, an
act of appropriation must be passed, if as mem-
bers of Congress, the existing laws already regu-
lated and fixed what was to be done. The case
of the Bank investigating committee had been
cited as a precedent, but it was not in point, since
that committee had to travel out of their usual route,
whet eas in the case befoi e us the members tiavelled
from their residences dnect to this city, which they
must have done if they had not been on the com-
mittee. Mr. F declared his intention of opposing
any proposition for extra allowance.
Mr. WARDWELL said, as this seemed to be
a New York affan, he would make a few buef
remaiks. The gentleman who spoke last did not
seem to understand what the law was. If Mi
W.'s recollection was coirect, it was that no mem-
ber of that House was entitleu to any pay unles-s
he attended, and if any member went away with-
out leave, he was also not entitled to pay. He
could claim it only for actual attendance upon the
duties of the House. Mr. W said he was op-
posed to the amendment, not for the íeasons as-
signed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
said that those who came from the greatest di&
tance had the advantage Mr W thoughtother-
wise, and that those who lived near home had the
advantage, for they could have a holiday eveiy
week, and weie not only near enough to give
piompt orders about then private ailairs, but they
might go home every Saturday night In this
case, Mr W. contended, the House had no power
to ordei the extra mileage, oi any more than the
¡awful eight dollars pel diem lie even doubled
whether they had power to pay them as a com
mitfee, but at all events, he wasdecideuly opposed
to paying them more than that
Mr It. M JOHNSON said, it was his intention
to submit a veiy few remaiks to the House     He
observed, that it was a piopei occasion  to state,
empnatitally, that he was opposed to the practice |
lately introduced of appointing committees to do |
in the recess what ought to be done dunng the '
session of Congress     He hoped that the practice
would hereafter cease     It could not, in his opin-
ion,   be justified,   nor  did   he think the people
would sanction it, whenever the subject was in-
vestigated, but having been driven into the meas-
ure in self-defence, on account of the committee
created by the Senate, it had become our duty to
fix the íate of compensation to the members, and
he was for paying them neither moie nor less tnan
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Absalom Lynch, of Mis-
sissippi; and
A bill continuing the Office of Commissioner of
Pensions.
The bill for the relief of Richard T. Archer waa
read a third time and passed.
CLAIM OF RICHARD W. MEADF.
The House then, on motion of Mr ARCHER,
went into committee (Mr. Ward in the chair)
on the bill for the benefit of the representatives of
Richard W. Meade, deceased.
Mr. HARDIN said, in rising to oppose this
claim, he labored under many embarrassments.
Among these, the moet prominent weie its pre-
sentation by one of the standing committees of the
House, and that committee distinguished, perhaps
above others, for the eminent standing and talents
ofitsmembers. Anothei souice of embarrassment
might be found in the circumstance that the claim
involved the essential interests of a widow and
female orphans. This circumstance had, no doubt,
operated on the generous feelings of various mem-
bers, but he contended that in settling down on
the propriety of allowing this claim, the subject
must be divested of all such imposing aspects.
Mr. H here went into a history of the case under
consideration. HesaidMr Meade was a resident
of the city of Philadelphia until 1804, when he
emigrated to Spam, and there embarked in very
extensive commercial transactions, in which he
was engaged until 1816, when he was thrown into
prison by theau houtiesof Spain, and remained m
durance until May, 1818. He, that year, or the
year after, arrived in the United States. The
whole amount of the claim, Mr H said, was
about $491,000, composed of vanous items,grow-
ing out of the contracts existing between Mr
Meade and the Spanish Government; he having
furnished that Government with flour and rice to
the amount of $4,629,123, between the years 180D
and 1814 This vast amount was chiefly foi the
supply of the Spanish army and the English troops
under the command of Lord Wellington. Indeed,
it was believed that those powers never could have
sustained themselves against the forces of Napo-
leon, had it not been forthe supplies furnished by
Mr. Meade Mr H next adverted to the inves-
tigation winch this claim had received by the board
of commissioneis appointed to settle the claims of
our citizens against Spam, and the opinion of
Judge Wmte, one of those commissioners. He
then proceeded to show, that, according to the
laws of nations, Mi Meade having domiciliated
himself in Spam,could claim no remedy from this
Government, for the defalcation of Spain. But it
had been said that by treaty we had given Spam
apietextforiefusing to liquidate this claim. That
because, by the treaty securing the cession of
Florida, we had assumed the payment of five mil-
lions of dollars of Spanish claims, and paid out
every dollai of the same, on authenticated clairr>3,
we were bound to pay this claim also. Mi. H.
could not subscribe to this doctnne. He pio-
tested against the principle of making this Gov-
ernment furnish an indemnity for claims which
she could not heiself recovei from the aggressing
nation She did her best to obtain justice for her
citizens, and this was all that could leasonably be
demanded of her The proper evidence to sub-
stantiate 'his claim had not been produced to the
commissioners, and they decided (no doubt cor-
rectly) aganibt it.
After Quoting the opinion of a fo.mer Secre-
tary of State, Mr H said, that in seeking this
claim from the Spanish Government, Mr Meade
had said, in a letter to the King, that he was en-
thusiastic m the cause, for the support of which
his supplies were furnished. Thai he had em-
baí ked heait and hand in ihe cause of Spain and
Wellington against Fiance And what was the
result' After the Eagies of F.a.ice were driven
from the sod of Spain, those veiy troops, the
veterans of Wellington, were sent over here to vvar
with us But he thanked God they met with a
different reception They knew not the Amer-
ican character, and deaily did t) ose veiy men, sus-
tained by the supplies of Mi Meade, pay the price
of the r temerity And now, íoisooth, Mi M.
comes foi ward and asks us to pay far the floui he
furnished to Wellington's aimy—for feeding the
enemies of the United States. Mr. H said, in
the language of the Secretaiy, just quoted, he
thought this claim, of all otheis, should be the last
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHEDJ,TjnHE_CITY OF WASHINGTON, BT~BLAIR & RIVES-
23d Congr.es>, 2d Ses*iok
SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1835
Vol 2    No. 9
to be countenanced on that floor     lie concluded*
by moving to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill
Mr SUTHERLAND said, some six or seven
years ago this claim was before the House He
then examined it, and was fully convinced that it
was founded in justice, and advocated it accord-
ipo-ly From furthei examination he still retained
the same opmion, and would again support it
He remembered, also, that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr Folk] had opDosed the bill on
the former occasion Mi S said he would briefly
remark in relation to one of the argumentsjof the
gent'eman from Kentucky [Mr Hirdi\] against
the Ameucan citizenship of Mr Meade, that this
point, during the whole discussion, had never
been questiored He was the American consul
at Cadiz, and both Spain and the United States
had, on all occasions, conceded the fact, that he
was an American citizen But Mr S said he
advocated the bill on other ground It was not a
bill to direct the payment of the claim It did not
even refer it to the adjudication of the Supreme
Court No, it was to be placed in the hands of
your own officer for investigation It was to be
sent to the Attorney General, and two auditor?
to be designated by the President He asked if
there was a man on that floor who doubted that
Mr Meade had a just claim, without reference to
its amount5 He did not believe there was It
nad not, indeed, heretofore been denied The
Government, Mr S contended, was solemnly
bound to permit this examination He explained
the íeason why ihe onginal vouchers were not
produced to the commissioners, when they were
investigating these claims They were not sup-
posed, at first, to be essential, and when they
were founu to be so, it was too late to procure
them from Spam in time for the investigation,
though every exertion was made to do so A/id
because the neiebsary evidence could not be pro-
cured in a spec fie time, did it become the dignity
and honor of that House to now plead the statute
of limitation against an honest claim* Mr. S
said the present Secretary of Stale [Mr Forsyth]
was our Minister to Spam at the time the facts in
question transpired, and was well acquainted with
all the circumstances involved That gentleman,
while a member of the Senate, had introduced a
bill for the allowance or Mr Meade's claim He
would present tl is fact against all the learned
argument that might be advanced on the subject
He asked if gen'lemen were afraid to have this
claim examined by impartial men of their own
choice
After some fut'her eneigetie remarks, m the
couise of which he adverted to the sufferings of
Mr Meade in a Spanish felon's prison, in which
he coi traded a disease which final'y bore him
fiom this world to another, Mr S reiterated his
so emn belief thit this was a just and honest
claim He did not pietend to determine what
should be its precise amount, but appealed to the
House to suffer thit point to be examined -Let
u«, said he, go into it w. ith clean hands and a puie
beait, and give to the widow and the orphan their
just due
Mr ARCHER next took the floor in favor of
the bill, and after addiessing the House some fif
teen minu es, on his motion the committee rose,
icpoited progiegs,and obtained leave to sit again,
when,
Oi motion of Mi   W\RD,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE
Mo\D*v, Januaiy 19, 183a
Peti'ions and memorials, of a piivate natuie,
Were piesented by \les is  KIN Or, of Alabama,
TYLHl, KEN!,  BUCK,  EWING, TRE
LI "NCtIIU* St rs.MUNGUM, and CALHOUN
Mr TIPTON presented )omt resolutions from
the Legislature of Indiana, relative to the estab-
9
lishment of a port of entry at Lafayette, on the
Wabash
Mr TIPTON, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a bill for the relief of Samuel and
James Smith, which was read twice and referred
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were taken up, considered, and adopted
By Mr TYLER-
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instructed to inquire into the pro-
pi íety of allowing to the legal representative of
Wm Royal!, deceased, interest on the commuta-
tion pay allowed by an act passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress
Mr TIPTON
Resolved,  That  the   Committee  on  Pensions
be instructed  to inquire into the expediency of
placing John Smith, of Indiana, on the roll of
invalid pensioners, from the date of his first ap
plication for a pension, m the year 1817
The resolution submitted by Mr EENTON, to
recommit the report of the Committee on Finance
relative to the investigation made by the com-
mittee into the affairs of the Bark of.the United
States, was taken up, and, on motionof Mr POIN-
DEXTER, laid on the table till to-morrow
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Post
Office, to which the same had been referred, re-
ported, without amendment, the bill reducing the
postage on periodical pamphlets, and to extend
the franking privilege to the Engineer Depart-
ment
Mr WEBSTER, from the Judiciary Commit
tee, to which the same had been referred, reported
the bill making an appropriation to pay revolu-
tionary and other pensioners of the United States,
without amendment
Mi W also gave notice that he would move to
take up the bill to morrow
Mr BELL, from the Committee on Claims, to
which the same was referred, repoited, without
amendment, the bill for the relief of Henry Awk-
ward
Mr BELL, from the Judiciary Committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joseph Grant, which
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr'TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pension's, to which the bill from the House of Rep
resentatives for the relief of Samuel Hunt was
referred, reported the same, without amendment,
and gave notice that when the bill came up for
consideration, he would move foi its indefinite
postponement
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED
The following resolutions were submitted
Mr  PORTER               •
Resolied, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be insti ucted to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropnation to lepair and complete
the road leading from the northern boundary line
of Aikansas, by L ule Rock and Washington, to
Fulton, on the noith bank of Red nvei
By Mi  TIPTON
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals beinstiucted to inquire into theexped ency
of making an appropriation to repair the military
road leading from Fm Jesup, m Louisiana, to
FoitTowson, in Arkansas
By Mr   BENTON
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs inquire into the expediency of appropuating
a suitable sum of money in ass sting the officers
and soldiers of the aimy of the United States, at
the seveial military posts, to obts n the services
of chaplains
Mi WEBSTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to which the bill to  exempt merchandize
imported under certain circumstances from the
operation of the tariff law of 1828 had been re-
committed, reported the same with two amend-
ments
Mr W said, that the amendments were, in
truth, but one amendment, in his view, and went
to modify the bill so as to limit its operation to
such imports as were made prior to the 30th of
September instead of the 30th December, so as to
place the act of 1828, in all its sections, upon the
same footing as it is placed in the first section
The bill was then taken up, on motion of Mr.
WEBSTER, considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed foi a third
reading
Mr CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported a bill to provide for the territorial
government of Wisconsin
The unfavorable reports of committees upon
the petitions of Charles Loosan and Simon Power,
were severally considered and concurred in
The followiing bills were read the third time and
passed           ^
A bill for the relief of William B Zantzinger,
A bill for the relief of Tufts and Clark,
A bill for the relief of Franc's Lasalle, and
others,
A  bill  authorizing the  allowance  of  certain
charges in the accounts of the American Consul
at London,
A bill for the relief of Thomas J Moitee,
A bill for the relief of James Thomas,
A bill granting a lot of land to the borough of
Mackinaw, foi public purposes, and
A bill for the íelief of Hiram A   Hunter
The bill to make compensation for French spo-
liations, prior to  1800, came up as the special
order, and  on  motion of Mr   WEBSTER, was
postponed till to morrow
The joint resolution, introduced by Mr KENT,
to amend the Constitution of the United States, m
relation to the veto power, came up for considera-
tion, as in Committee of the Whole, and
On motion of Mr KENT, was laid on the table
The bill granting two per cent of the proceeds
of sales of public lands in Alabama, set apait for
purposes of public improvement, to purposes of
education within that State, was taken up for con-
sideration as in Committee of the Whole
A protracted and discursive debate ensued upon
this bill, which was participated in more or less
by Messrs MOORE, WEBSTER, POINDEX-
TER, FRELINGHUYSEN, and PRENTISS,
who suppoited the bill, and by Messrs KING, of
Georgia, KING, of Alabama, KANE, PORTER,
and BLACK, who opposed it
Mr MOORE explained the principles of the
bill, the object of which, he said, was to change
the destination of the proceeds of sales which had
been set apart for the construction of roads, to
purposes of education, in Alabama He com-
mented at length upon the necessity of promoting;
and fostering education, that the fund allowed pro-
posed to be thus applied, amounted now to about
jll5 000, but that it was not proposed to change
us destination without the assent of Alabama
Mr KING, of Georgia, thought the bill a most
extiaoidmaiy one It proposed, virtually, that
the uch and respectable State of Alabama should
become a charity scholar to the Government of
the Union This two per cent fund, he said,
was as much the money of the nation, for the
purposes foi which it was originally destined, as
any other money in the Treasury The principie
of pouring out the money and property of the
Union for the exclusive use of the new States
was oiigmally wrong, and became more and more
so as these States continued to progress in wealth
and population
He thought these nui slings of ours—these minois
of the Confederacy—had been in the nurseiylong
enough, and he, foi one, was disposed to wean
them as early as possible.at least he was very much
138                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         January 19,
disposed to consider their educations.® complete He
thought at least their proficiency in some branches
of science could not be doubted, and notedly in
the modern science of political economy If the
excellence of this science consisted (as he believed
it did) in securing the greatest possible amount of
comfort from the smallest possible share of labor,
all must admit them perfect m this branch at least
He said it was almost amusing to see with what
apparent confidence gentlemen fiom these rich
and independent States would rise and ask for the
charity of the Government His friend and name-
sake from Alabama, he said, rose gravely from his
seatat the last session, without any suffusion in his
countenance that he lecollected, in open day and
open Senate, and gave notice that he would mtro
duce a bill to appropriate, he did not recollect how
much, land in the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi, for what purpose would anybody guess?
Why, sir, said he, to educate the yovng ladiei
of* these rich and powerful States Why, sir,
said Mr. K , the Senator speaks of educating the
poor in Alabama—there was comparatively none
there. The southwestern States weie blessedly |
inhabited by nabobs and slaves The slaves were
not permitted to receive an education, and their
masters were abundantly able to pay for it If
they would propose to take oui lands for the edu-
cation of the really poor of all the States, if there
were no constitutional objection®, he*wouid seri-
ously think of the proposition, but to tie lavishing
our gifts on the loids of Alabama, was like the
cormorant picking up crumbs from the robin,
they would do him no good, and yet the íobín
might make a meal upon them Just so he said
in this case These two per cents and odd acres
of the Government, were of no consequence to our
rich neighbors, but if properly distubuted, the
benefit of them would be felt He hopod his
friends would not mistake the spirit in which he
ha,d made these remarks, but he wished them to
understand that he was veiy serious in his oppo-
sition to the bill, and when the Senator from Ala-
bama had made a direct apology to the Senate foi
introducing such a bill, he should move to lay it
on the table
Mr WEBSTER said that this fund was a re-
servation for the puipose of making loads, and
this was an application to change the fund, and
apply it to pur-poses of education, and if the State
of Alabama preferred it, he saw no reason why
we should oppose it     Mr  W   then erilaiged on I
the subject of education, and suggested that two i
principles should be  incorporated  in  this bll,
first, that the schools soould be fret, that was, I
without charge, and ne\f, that they should le |
common, so as to obv ate the distinctions ot nch
and pool among the scholars   He, therefore, sug  |
gested an amendment to the bill, that the fund ,
"should be a peimanent fund, to establish  fiee I
common schools," m conformity with his views i
of the subject                                                                 |
Mi POINDEXTER expressed himself atisfied
with the amendment, but tnought if it was adopt
ed, individuals who were able to contribute some
thing for tie support of schools, might peihaps
be prevented fiom doing so                                        I
Mr KING, of Alabama, was ¡n favor of the
amendment suggested  by  the  gentleman liom
Massachusetts, but he was opposed to the bill   I
He doubted the power of Oongies-s to change the
destination of the fund     And the State of Alabi- ¡|
ma was not willing,so far as he vvisuiformed, tl at
it should  be changed      He o1 jected to the  bill,
too,  that it proposed to lepea! the oidnimce by
which Alabama was admitted into the Union    He, I
howevei, Dieferied the amendment which went to |
the establishment of free common scnools, if the I
bill was to pass                                                            ,1
After son e conversation between Messrs EW I
ING, MOORE, and KIJNG, the amendment v/as i1
agreed to                                                                       I
Mi FOlNDEXfER then moved fmther to !
amend the amendment, by strnung out ihe second \¡
section, which repealed the ordinance admitting ||
Alabama into the Union which was agreed to, and ,
the bill was leported to 'he Senate
Mr KANE tnen uiged as an objection to the
bill, that the proposition to reserve the two per
cents was made by Congress to the convention
which formed the Constitution of Alabama, and
the convention accepted it    If this were so, he
considered it a constitutional  provision, which
Alabama could not alter
Mr EW ING replied to this objection, tha' the
proposition was not a part of the constitution of
the State, but was part of the ordinance It was
not, therefore, a matter of fundamental law, and
Congress, with the consent of the State, was per-
fectly competent to change and modify it as they
pleased
After some fmther remarks,
Mr POINDEXTER said that as the other
House had a bid before them which was simnar to
this, he would move to lay the bid on the table,
with a view of seeing what disposition should be
made of that bill
'Ihe motion was agreed to
The bill from the House to authorise the com-
missioner of Indian affVirs at St Louis to employ
a cleik, was lead the first time
Mr POINDEXTER moved to reconsider the
vote of Friday labt,by which the bill for the
relief of William Giaham was mdtfmtely post
poned
Mr BLACK moved to take up the bill mek ng
an appropriation to toe road fiom Lyme creek, in
Alabami, to Chatahoochie, «pposite Columbus,
which was agieed to
Mr BLACK then moved to reconsider the vote
by which the appropriation was requned to be
taken out of the two per cent fund, and the bill
and motion were then laid on the table
HElfiS OF MOSES SHEPPÍ.RD.
Mi C LAY then moved to take up the bill for
the relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Moses Shepperd, deceased
The bill was supported by Messrs SMITH,
HENDRICKS, LEIGH, and TYLER, and op
posed by Messis HILL, BLACK, and SHEP
LEY
The question being about to be taken, Mi
BLACK moved an adjournment, which was dis
agieed to on a division—yeas 15, nays 17
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engi rjssed for a third reading,
Mr WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were oidered, and are as follows
YEAS—Me srs   Clay, Chyton, Ewmg. Tre-
linghuysen,  Hendricks,  Kent,  Knight,  Leigh,
Linn, McKean,  Mooie,  Naudain,  Pomdexter,
Portei, Pienüs^, Robbms, Silsbee, Smith, South
ard, Tomlinson, Tyler, Wehstei—22
NAYS—¡VIesbrs Benton, Bibb Blick,Biown,
Bu'hanan, Cuthbert, Giundy, Hi 1, Kane, Kmsf
of Albania, King of Georgia, Mangum, M< ms,
Preston, Robinson, Sheplev, Swift, Iipton, Wag-
garran, White, Wnght—21
So the question was decided in the affiunative
Mi   CLAY then gave notice that, to mo* row, ]
he would move the Senate to go into the consid-
eiation of cxecu ive busn ess, and, on his motion,
The Senue adj mrned                                              |
HOUSE Ob REPRLSLN1A UVES
VlotíOAT./rmureíi/ 19, 1835
Petitions and memonals were piesented bv—
Mr   KiVANAGH-of Maine, and
Mi   EVLRLTr, of Massachusetts
REMOVAL Or THE  IJSDIAiSiS
Mr  IDW4RD EVERE1T said he had been I
requested to pit sent to the House arfemonel f om I
a council of Cherokee Indians, held at Ruining |
Watei, in  the  Cherokee count! y, in  benalf of
those membeis of that tube who v.tie desi ous
of removing  lrum the r piesent loca ion  to the
countiy west of the Mississippi     The memorial
hau been  intrusted to him by a delegation wno
were at this moment in ai'endancem the House
The b gna uies, he underwood, weie attached to
the oi ginal memonal to be mesen ted to the other
bianch of the Legislature, the piesent beingacer
t.fied copv tl ereof    The signatures were fifty   ]
seven in   nnmhei, twenty of them  be ng in  the
hand writ.ng of those whose names they purported
to be, the íeman mg thirty seven being subscribed
in the usual mannei of peisons who v/er~ them- !
selves unable to wute     It was accompan ed by a
certificate setting <btth ti at it was adopted in open I
council, ai d he was satisfactorily informed, that i
I the memorial was the unaided composition of one
of the subscribers, Mr John Ridge, well known
to many members ol the Hou&e as a highly dis-
tinguished individual of the Cherokee tribe By
that gentleman, and two of his associates, Mr E
had been personally requested to piesent the me-
morial He should fuither state, that it was also
accompanied by a series of resolutions adopted at
the same council, expie'sing, in a more precise
and definite foim, the principles set forth, some-
what at large, in the memorial.
Mr E supposed it would be in order, and
indeed it might be expected, that he should auk for
the reading of the memotial and accompanying
resolutions in extenso, but as all the documents
were of considerable length, and woiaid occupy too
much of the time of the House, he would content
himself, in lieu thereof, with bnefly stating their
purpoit and subs'ance The memonahs s setout
by stating then undoubted conviction of their light
to the soil on which they were born, and tnemjuiy
that would bedonetheti by thepoiicy of removing
them theiefiom Now, without in the least degree
going into a discussion on this uub|ect, for his
purpose was very different, he would only say
tha' he felt it due to himself to state, that in this
view he fully concuired with them They then
go on to state the astonishing in piovementsmade
in the arts of civilization in the Cherokee tubes—
improvements, «aid Mr E , known to many
members of ti i¡> House, and to none, Mr Speakei,
bettei than to yourself, and which have excited
the attention of philanthropists both in this coup-
try and in Europe The memorialists then state
their undoubted ai d sorrowful conviction that in
the present state of affairs, it would be impossible
lor them to letain then national existence, or to
cany on tneir piogiess in the arts of civilization
and humanity, and in consequence of this much
to be deplored state of affairs they have been led
to turn their eyes to the West, to the countries
now unoccupied, and they desire—and it is the
object of their memorial to set forth that desire—
that with the aid and undei the protection of the
United States of America they hope to accomplish
that object In considering this subject, the me-
moiiahsts state that there are some interesting
points which, in their opinion, are matteis of
legislation for both Houses of Congress They
wish to be furnished with some means to enable
them to remove with grea'er comfort and conve-
nience, as some compensation for the many and
great sacrifices they must neeessanly make in
giving up and abandoning their lands and ím-
piovements, to be paid to them rot here, I ut on
tneir arrival in the region west of the Mississippi
Thev also think they may reasonably ask foi fur-
ther legislat on on the part of Congress, to ensuie
to them those civil and political pi iv leges which
become the dignity and character of the United
States to gu iranty to them It might be tl ought
that some o*" those obj°cts came more propel!y
wnhm the compass of tne treaty n akmg powe ,
but they had stated, nd Mr E thought conectly,
thai some of those oljects were within the r rov-
ince of Congress They then go on to set forth,
that in the present di^asjious condition of their
na'ion, it was exceedingly doubtful whether any
treaty could be framed Mat would m*>et with the
unanimous oppiobaion of the m<>mb rs of the
uiba  They also dmbt v/hethei, in their present
sttuatioi , p rtieo could be found whom this Giv-
ermrcnt wou'u be d po^ed to recognise in this
Rt!>tc of thi -^s they ha/e thousht the r only re
scurce nnu d be to by tneir real situation before,
i nd to cenfide m tl e justice, the clemency, the
hbeiaM y, and the indulgence of the two Houses
of Cor"ie"s
Mi E regrett'd to find that 'here were a* this
tni  two parties among the Cherokee tribe of
Indians, whose views v ere greatly at vimi ce on
the great pohev to be pursued, but with those
matteis he would not presume to interfere, one
way oi the other He be! eved this was all re
had need to say bv way of settir g foith theorject
and substance of the m mo ial
Bcfoie taking his seat, Mi E s nd, he-ehou'd
move tne ipference of all hese papers -.o the Com-
mittee on Ind an A Fans That confirm tee very
fairly repiesented all sides of the House upon th s
gieat, emoarrai5sing,and delicate question, ind he
did not thirk it impropei to utate that the bills
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported from .that committee, together with the
provisions of the one not yet acted on, were highly
acceptable if the committee should consider
that the e di "umeim contained matter of legis-
lation, a^ he fiimlv belicveJ they did, for these
claimants-, a\,ú if they should find that Congiess
can <lo anytl.ng, ap v'e a'so believed it could
mut.li, to lestoie larmor>y between the parties
in the Cherokee notor-, and to smooth the way
for tno<-e no .v v.iüii.g u> emigrate—if they can do
anything 11 nidi ihe v.oundt> of the Indian's, and
to quiet their trot 's on the ground of political,
bocidl, and civil libeity, he v.as ¡sute the House
and the countiy loiii would aus> am the commit-
tee
Mr L" certainly never thought, four years ago,
that it wou >l fall 'o hn, I >i to pi esent a memorial
to fint llouse, having foi us o! ]ect to facilitate
the ren'ovji t i* an Indian tube Ifom the spot 01
then iiuth to t> e rtg.mi west of the Mississippi
As lude dio it enter on mind that he should ever
be le^uct-ted to piesent such a memoual from the
Inoiaiis them-eites, by the delegates and repre
sentatives of a peat tube, <"or that purpose It
had'been h mdtu to bun by three individuals of
high standiiií among then bietliieu, two of whom
were well known by himsell to have leuiamong
thr- most nueliigeiit and active of tneir brethren,
when the great s'.u.d >vas made in favor of what
was ondeisti od by tlw-eori >his sideoi the llouse
to be the tights ot the Indian*, and the duMes of
the Ui if J States towards ti.em. He believed it
was the lesson of wisdom to \ teld to the foice of
C'Hw-iistai ces, and it was Mr. E.'s conviction,
and he bd.cved of those friends who acted with
him on that occasion, tbat it has become unavoid-
ably neceas uy that the Indians should yield to
the  necessity  of their condition     That opinion
239
he!
ri ^ssed in coi unction with those whose '
opinions weie of fat gnalei weight and influence
tuaii his own, even to the I'dians themselves
lie believed H would have been better—and he
mourned it as much as any man could—but he
believed ,t would have been better that they should
hate yielded at that time Ele now believed it
impossible for the Cherohees to enjoy their polit-
ical, social, moial, and leligious lights and pnvi-
legcs, by temamitjg where they were. He be-
lieved, moteovei, that the longer they stayed, the
raore they would tuiTei, and furthei, that the time
n**vei would come in wh'ch they could make bet-
ter teims with the Government than at piesent.
Us was wilhng and anxious that all that was pos-
sible should be done to sooth theo feelings, and
pi event thetr rish'j from ben g infringed upon or
suoverted, ai d it was in the hope thut it was not
too late to effec' this, t nit l,e had made it his duty,
at the tequest of the memoiiaiists, to present their
memorial to the House. If anything could be
done for their relief, he was sure the House would
do all in its power, ai d Set us do all that we can,
said .\li. E , west all lemaiu greatly the debtors
of t! it, unfortunate people.
ill E. concluded by moving that the memorial
and accompanying papers be referred to the Com
motee on lidian Affuiisand printed.
The reference was made accordingly, and the
motion to print was agieed to.
PRESENTATION  OF PETITIONS----AGAIN.
Petition  were further presented by—
Mi   BliRGES, of Rhode Uland;
M.   \OUNG, of Connecticut,
Me-srs.WlIirE,CAMCRCLENG,HAZEL-
TSNC, and WAUL), of New York.
[Mt Wvru pie-.entcd the petition of Clinton
Roosevelt, i f the State of New Ydk, wheiein he
sets toith mat he has discoveied a mode of build-
ing steam vessels of war, which aie capable of
approaching an enemy \ vessel of any force, and
by means oí a toipedo affixed to the prow pio-
jecting under wa'ei, to destroy the vessel attacked
without endangeiing the steam battery. Mr W.
staied that trie peti lonei had furnished certificates
film Piofes.soi-. li°mvnk and Ilackley, of New
Yotk, that they have examined the principle en
whii h this improvement is founded, and that it
appeals to them to he feasible, that they are not
awate of any mipoitant practical difficulties which
would pi event its beirg tarried into effect.
The petition and documents weie referred to
the Committee on Naval Allans ]
.«^i'ol18- WAGENER, BINNEY, BANKS,
McKENNAN, DENNY, and STEWART, of
Pennsylvania;
[Mr. Wagener presented the petition and doc-
umentary evidence of Christiar Bixler.JacobWey-
eandt,  executor of Jacob Weygandt, deceased,
William Brown, administrator of General Robert
Brown, and Jacob Boyer, administrator of Jacob
Dreisback, deceased, sureties of Nicholas Kern,
collector of direct taxes and internal duties during
the war of 1812-15, praying for a passage of
a law to discharge  them fiom all alleged habil   I
Hies under the said bonds.   The purpoitof the I
petition is, that Nicholas Kern, during the late
wai, was appointed collector of direct taxes and ;
internal duties, and the above pel sons became his I
sureties; that theaccounts of Nicholas Kern weie
not sealed until the year I82C, when it appeared
he was a defaulter    Under a wanant from the
Fifth Auditor he was committed to jail, and was
discharged by oidei of thePresident of the Um ed
States.    Suits have now been  instituted  against
the surviving suieties and  the representatives of
those deceased      From the evident gioss negltct '
of the offieeis of Government in  permitting his
accounts to be unsettled for icn years andupvsmds,
and no notice given to the sureties of the debt, and
the probability, had the sureties been apprized of i
the delinquency in a reasonable time, much,' if not
all, might have been recovered, presents a strong
equt'ablecase for the interposition of Congress 1
Mr MILLIGAN, of Delaware;                           ,
Messrs. THOMAS, McKIVJ, and CARMI-
CIIAEL, of Maryland.                                             I
Messrs CHINN.TJEALE, LUCAS.MOORE,
FULTON, GORDON, and WISE, of Virginia;
Messis. GRIFFIN and  FELDER, of South ]
Carolina,
Messis SCHLEY, GILMER, and FOSTER,
of Georgia;
Messis. MARSHALL.-ALLAN.and JOHN-
SON, of Kentucky,
Messrs. PHOMSON, PAITERSON, K1L-
GORE, VANCE, CRANE, and WHITTLE-
SEY, ol Ohio;                                                             I
[Mi. Pattlksou piesented three petitions from
the citizens of the State of Omo, one for the ím-
pioveiient of the haibor at the mouth of Vermil- 1
ion iivci, one for the improvement of the harbor
at Port Clinton, at'd a third for a mail route from
Perrysburgh, in Wood county, to Melrnore, m
Seneca county ]
Messrs. McCARTY, HANNEGAN, and
KiNNARD, of Indiana;
[Mr Kinnard presented the petition and report
of the Leavenworth and Bioommgton Railroad
Company, in the State of Indiana ]
[Mr. VIcCartt presented the petition of sundry
citi7ep<3 of Henry county, Indians, for a post
route frim Kmghtstown to PenJle'on, which, on
his motion, was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.]
Mr PLUMMER, of Mississippi.
[Mr. Plummer presented a memorial of the
p-esident and duectors of the West Feliciana
Railroad Company, asking the grant of a town-
ship of land to aid them in the construction of a
road from S' Francisv ¡lie, in Louisiana, to Wood-
ville, in Mississippi, referí ed to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A oetkion, signed by William Rupe, President,
and S E. Goddard.Secietary, of a meeting of the
settlers on the public lands, praj ing Congress to
extend the pun'S'ons of the preemption act of
June 19 h, 1834, to all actual settleiS pnoi to the
fir-.t of January, 1835, referred to the Committee
on Publ.c Lands
The petition of John Tucker, praying for a pre-
emotion right to enter a quaiter section of land at
the minimum puce of §1 25 per acre; refened to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The petition of Edward Mitchell,praying for a
grant of land as a remuneiation for set vices ren-
deied by his wife, in 1810, m the employ of the
Government, m teaching the art of spinning and
weaving among the Clioctiw Indians, lefened to
the Commi tee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. Picmmee, the petition of
Benjamin Roach, and accompanying documents,
presented at the last session of Congress, praying
permission to relinquish certain lands and locate
others in lieu thereof, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. Plummer "also presented additional testi-
mony in support of the petition
On motion of Mr. Plummer, the following peti-
tions, memorials, and claims, heretofore presented
to the House, were again referred:
The petition of William L. S. Deming, to the
Committee of Clarms;
The petition of the heirs of Henry King, to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
The petition of Right Fore, to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions;
The memorial of the President and Trustees of
Mississippi College;
The memorial of the Trustees of Oakland Col-
lege;
The claim ofrZachanah Dixon; and
The claim of Edwaid Jones, to the Committee
on Public Lands;
The petition of Joseph W. Hegemen;
The petition of John K  Goff;
The petition of the heirs of Colonel John Ellis;
The petition of Woodson Wren; and
The petition of Silva le Vick, to the Committee
on Puvate Land Claims;
The petition of John H. Horn,to theCommittee
on Indian Affairs.]
Messrs MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the case of the own-
ers of lots in the village of Peoria, in the State of
Illinois, with accompanying documents from the
honorable the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. R.
observed that this village was the first place set-
tled in the Illinois countty, and that the citizens
had not yet obtained a right to their property in
said village. The only request was for "a small
appropriation, to enable the surveyor general to
survey the lots, whereupon patents would issue.
He also presented the papers of Captain Stacy
McDonongh, of Illinois, showing that he was
entitled to a pension for his wounds received in
the year 1793 ]
Messrs. MARDIS and MURPHY, of Ala-
bama;
Mr  BULL, of Missoun; and
Mr. RENCHER, of Noith Carolina.
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately lefened.
Mr. POPE gave notice that he would, on next
Wednesday week, move the House to resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on th  state
of the Union, for the purpose of considering bill
No 342, in relation to the Louisville and Portland
Canal.
Mr CHILTON gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, move the House to go into com-
mittee on the bill to extend the provisions of the
act of 1832, granting pensions to the officers and
soldiers of the revolution. Mr. C. presented an
amendment to said bill which was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PLUMMER, by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolutions; which were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law authorizing Isaac Richmond, Jonah
White, Con way Oldham, Daniel Richmond, David
Clay, Ignatius Bankston, Samuel Hackenbury,
Jefferson Clay, George Simmons, Samuel B. Par-
rish,Thomas C McMackin, David Mobray,and
John Balfour, and others, persons who were enti-
tled to preemption rights to eighty acres of land,
under the provisions of an act of Congress, passed
on the 2Ü day of March, 1833, entitled "an act
supplementary to the several Jaws for the sale of
public lands," and were prevented from making
their entries under said ac', m consequence of a
decision of the officers of Government against their
rights, to enter in lieu thereof the same quantity of
unappropriated land elsewhere, within the same
land district, at the minimum price of §1 25 per
acre; and that the accompanying documents be
refened to said committee.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
íeferr.ng so much of the act entitled " An act sup-
plemental to the several laws for the sale of public
lands," approved April 5th, 1832, as provides
that " no person shall be pei muted to enter more
140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
than one half quarter section of land in quarter-
quarter sections ortiacts of forty acres, and in no
case, unless he intends it for cultivation, or for
the use of his improvement " Also, into the
expediency of repealing so much of said act as
requnes the persons applying to make an entry
under its provisions, to file an affidavit befoie
making the entry
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to the State of Mississippi a quantity of
land equal to that granted to the other new States
of the Union for purposes of internal improve
went
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of estabjishing the following post
routes From Memphis, m Tennessee, to Coffee-
Ville, in Mississippi, from Lagrange or Bo'ivar.in
Tennessee, by Point Veto, to Leflore, in Missis-
sippi, from Tuscumbia, Alabama, to Point Veto,
in Mississippi, from Doak's Stand, by Canton, to
Clinton, in Mississippi
Mr MILLIGAN offered the following resolu
tion, which, undei the rule, lies one day
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be in
structed to furnish to this House a copy of Captain
Delafield's repoiton the condition of the harbor
in the river Delaware, accompanied by an esti
mate of the repair ai d preservation of the same
On motion of Mr  BURGCS,
Resolied, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the expediency and
economy of so alteung and amending the laws of
the United ¡Mates, that thereaftei all printing
whatever, required to be done for the United
States, in any part of the public seivice, shall be
done and perfoimed within the Distuct of Colum
bia, and that no such printing shall be done by
any person or peisons who may be concerned m
any may a) emolument with a public journal or
newspapei
On mouon of Mi  TURNER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of pioviding by law, that m future all
contiacts foi cairying the mail shall be specific for
each route, and that wheie the same contractor
shall contract foi moie than one toute.each route
shall be distinctly designated, and the amount of
compensation for each be dist nctly and explicitly
stated, with the numbei of miles in each loute,
and by what mode of «onveyance the mail is
transported on each route
On motion of Mi   RYMJM,
Resolved, 1 hat the Committee on Commerce be
instructed 10 inquire into the expediency of making
the poit ot Williamson, in the State of North
Caulnia, a poit of enlry
On motion ot Mi   70HNSON, of Louisiana,
Reiolved, Th it the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be ir ¡strutted to inquire into the I
causes of the frequent lailures  in   transporting
the mail between WashmDton City and New Or
Jeans
On motion of Mr McCARTY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands bem tructed to inquiie into the expediency
of granting to the Sttae of Indiana, with a view
to the construction of a railioad or canal in the
valley of the White Witer, such of the public
lands lying within said State, in the Cincinnati
land dislnct, as have been in mailtet for twenty
years, with such othei grantb in the adjoining
districts, as the policy of the country and the
advancement of such improvements may seem to
said committee reasonable, pist, and proper
On motion of Mi   EWLNG,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to mquneinto the
expediency of establishing a post road from New
Maysville, to pa- s thence through Bambridge,
Poplar Spimg, Blakesbuig, and Russellsville, in
Putnam county, to Rockvilie, Parke county, In-
diana
Mr LYTLE, by consent, submitted the follow
mg joint íesolution, which was read and ordered
to a second reading
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep) esenta-
tives, That the President of the United States be
authonzed to employ Hiram Powers, of Ohio, to
execute in Italy the busts of the several Presidents
of the United States, to be placed in the Rotundo
of the Capitol, at such compensation as will bear
a relative value to the .sums heretofoie paid and
contracted to be paid to other artists, for work of
a similai character, and to make, from time to
time, such advances as may be necessary, in his
judgment, for the progress and completion of the
woik
Mr JARVIS, from the Committee on Public
Buildirgs, reported the following joint resolution
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United states of America m Coi giess assembled,
lhat the Commissioner of Public Buildings be
directed to cause the statues executed by L Pér-
sico, to be placed in the niches m fiont of the
Capitol, foi which they were original y intended
1 he resolution was, i ead a first and second time,
when Mi   JARVIS moved its engrossment
Objection being made, Mi JARVIS moved a
suspension of the rule which was agreed to—ayes
130, noes not counted
After a short conversation between Messrs
PEARCE and JARVIS, the íesolution was read
a third time and passed
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES
Mr TULTON, from the Committee of Claims,
repoittd a bill foi the relief of the executor of
Charles Wilkins, deceased, which was read twice
and committed
Mr   CARR, from  the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill foi the relief of Wil
ham O'Neal and Robert ¡Vjjpnison, of Indiana,
which was read twice, and ordered to beengiossed
and read the third time to morrow
Mr CARR,from thesamecommittee, asked to
be discharged fiom the fuither consideration of the
petition of Eloy Segura and otheis, which was
ordered to lie on the table
Mi SU riJCRLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, repoited, with an amendment, the bill
in relation to buoys, light boats, &c , whi<-h was
oidered to be punted
Mr MILLER, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Benja-
min Holland, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr   HARPER, from the Committee on Com
mei ce, reported a bill for the i elief of Isaac Champ-
lm and others, which was lead twice and com
mitted
Mr POSTER, fiom the Committee on the Ju
diciary, repoited a bill to allow additional com pen
sation to the dislnct attorney of the United States
foi the district oi South Carolina, which was read
twice and committed
Messrs GRENNELL, KINNARD, GIL-
MER, and MclNliRE, each made unfavorable
reports upon petitions, &c , which had been le
fened to their respective committees, which were
laid on the table                                                           i
[On motion ofMr Kinnard, the Committee on
Revolutionaiy Claims was dischaiged from the
further consideration of the petition of the heirs of
Rilph R Horn, and the same was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions                    j
Mr  K , from the Committee on Revolutionary i
Claims, made and unfavorable lepoit on the peti
tion of John Coroper, executor of Warren Ash-
ley]
On motior of Mi  POLK, the House proceeded i
to the consideration of the orders of the day and
the bills upon the Speakei's table                             I
The following bills from the Senate were read
a first and second time, and committed                    I
A bill for the íelief of Thomas J Mortee,           j
A bill to author ze the allowance of certain
chaiges in the accounts of the American Consul at
London                                                                         j
A bill for the lehef of James Thomas,
A bill granting to ihe borough of Mackinaw
ceitam grounds, foi puohc purposes,
A bill foi the lelief of Hiram A   Hunter, and
A bill foi the lehef of Andrew Khox
An engrossed bill, authorising the superintend-
ent of Indian affairs at St   Louis to employ a
clerk, was read a third time and passed
The House resumed the consideratior of the
bill making appropriations for certain fortifica-
tions for the yeai lb3o
Mr PARKER moved the same, amendment to
the bill in the House that he had pieviously offered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to ¡strike out the 12tn, 13 h, and 14th hues,
malting an appropriation of $3U,0üO foi the forti-
fication on Throg's Neck, neai the city of New
Yoik
Mr PARKER repeated the objections which
he entertained against the appropriation He
wished Congiess to examine and understand it,
or m the language of the homely adage, " look
before you leap " He read several documents
íelative to the work, which computed its cost at
^577,000 He thought the gieat question with
the House should be, whethei the money could
not be expended to better advantage in other for-
tifications He considered all ap[ lopiiations for
this object, a waste of the publiv. funds He
believed Ilellgate lo he a better and surer protec-
tion to the city of New York, from that point of
the compass, than the fortifications on fhiog's
Neck could evei be Ml P said he remembered
that during the last war, no one anticipated an
attack of the enemy from that quailer Mr P
concluded by saying that he opposed this afipio-
priation as a fnend to the bill, and the general
system of fortification He deemed it not only
useless, but calculated to excite ridicule
Mi MORGAN, of New York, said that the ap
propna'ion for the defence of New York haiboi,
now moved to be strieken out, was certainly not a
large one     He had not exnected, theiefore, that
any gentlerr-an would move to have it stricken
out, least of all had he expected that the gentle-
man fiom New Jeisey would have made such a
motion     lhe gentleman from New Jersey vas
our neighboi, our next door neighbor, but it is
true that he is our neighboi on the safe side    The
gentleman   lesides   on   those  pleasant shores   of
New Jersey which lo m the western bounuary of
New Yoik harboi, and tho eshoies, includ ngthe
gentleman's residence, are well piotected by the
forts on Staten Island,and theotherislands mthat
part of the haibor     But how is it m respect to
the approach to the city of New York from the
sea, on the other side, that is, by the arm of the
sea, called the Sound, or East mei >   Very differ-
ent indeed     There is not a gun mounted, nor a
propel  place to mount it on, between  the sea,
and the city, and your navy-yard      O i this side,
the city of New York is now exactly in the con-
dition that a house would be, the owner of which,
feanngan enemy, had seemed one door with bolts
and bars, ano eh ¡ms and locks   and enMrely for-
getting that theie was anoth°i door to his house,
had left it open to the assailant     Indeed, the gen
tleman who made the mo ion to strike out, seemed
to think that the formidable pas , which he called
Hellgate, would be a«nffio eit defence to us     But,
sir,even the terror of a name did not exis^for our
defence, for learned antiquaries and etymologis s
had shown that the name of this pasáis Huil-
gate<—not   Hellgate      In   the   olden   time,  the
rocks producing the rapid nnd  roiring cuirents
of this pass, were indeed  objects of terror to the
nn"kilful navigators of those deys     They were
as temblé to our mcestois as were the Scylla rnJ
Charybdis of the Italian seas     But Hurlgate and
Scylla and Chaiybdis, have been  alike suipred
of then terrors bj the ski 1 ■> id eiterpuseof mod-
ern ti i s   Sir, tes els of all s zes may go through
this pass with  perfect safety     There is not an
noui ot the day when it is not whitened by mnu-
meiable ¡sails   the whole coasting trade, the larg-
est steam boats are cons artly passirg thiough it
The fust case, Í believe, of the passage of a large
shrp through Huitgate, occuned during the revo-
lutionary war      A  British fifty  gun  snip, com-
manded by a namesake of the honorable gentle-
man from New. Jersey, thegal'antParktr, pursued
by a Piench squadron, was carried by him safely
| through this pass     Durirs the last war between
England and Fiance, two French ships of the line,
the Dido and the Cyane, passed  it, to avoid a
Btitish squadron at Sand y Hook     In the late war,
our own frigates ot the laigest class went through
it, the President I believe diu so—that ship which
was lost to us by carrying away part of her false
Keel m passing the bar of Sandy Hook, that er-
trance to New York harhor, which is acknowledged
to be well fortified     There is not a doubt, Mr
Speaker,   that the  passage   of the Sound, the
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL'OBE.
141
defence of which has been so utterly neglected, is
practicable to vessels drawing any depth of water,
and that the city of New York and the navy-
yard attached to it, are utterly without defence,
against an enemy making his attack in that direc-
tion.
And will this House leave that city exposed to
this danger by striking out the appropriation?
That city, sir, which is one of the greatest com-
mercial maris, if not the greatest commercial mart
in the world; that city where two-thirds of your
revenueure collected, and,consequently, two-thirds
of all imports from abroad are received; that city,
which is daily receiving the rich freights of the
South, and the innumerable cargoes of the East;
that city, into which are pouring every hour of
the day, by means of the Hudson, and by the
northern and western canals, and by the Ohio
canals, and the great lakes, the vast productions
of the North and of the West. All these, sir, are
constantly accumulating in this great market. And
to whom do they belong? Not to New York city
alone, but to the planter of the South, the farmer
and manufacturer of the East, and of the North,
and of the West. And is it not the interest of the
nation, and the duty of this House, to protect
their property? But there is a more solemn duty
than this imposed upon this House. The city of
New York contains nearly threehundred thousand
people. If there be any use in fortifications at
all; if the men of this city are to have'anything
more than their naked breasts to present to an
et emy, come with what force, and in what man-
nei he may, then have they a right to expect of
you the defence of their wives, their children, and
their firesides, by this appropriation; and they do
expect it.
Mr. FERRIS followed on the same side of the
question, and dwelt at considerable length on the
preponderating commercial consequence of New
York, the great proportion of revenue which she
yields to the General Government, and.the justice
of that Government securing to her an efficient
protection from foreign aggression. Mr. F. went
into an examination and review of the objections
advanced by the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Parker] to the appropriation, in the course
of which he referred to various documents and
reports from the departments of the Government.
He referred to the landing of General Hovw and
the British army under his command on this point
during the war of the Revolution, and glanced at
some of the historical facts connected with that
period. He said New York had contributed largely
and liberally to her own defence, and the question
for the House was, whether this three hundred
thousand of our people were entitled to this small
appropriation m aid of their common defence.
Mr. POLK said he rose simply to repeat the
facts under which this appropriation was placed in
the bill. On a former occasion he had opposed an
appropriation for this work. But then the House
solemnly determined to proceed with the work.
It was now inserted accordingto the estimate of
the department, and the question seemed to be
whether this appropriation should be made or the
money already expended on the work be thrown
to the winds. Mr. P. addressed some further
explanatory remarks on the object of the appro-
priation, and
Mr. FERRIS supplied some omissions which
he had made in his topographical description of
the assailable points of the city and vicinity of
New York.
Mr. BATES said he recollected that the other
day, when the proposition was made by his col-
league [Mr. E. EvEaETT] for an appropriation for
Fort Independence, in Boston harbor, it met with
opposition from a quarter where it was least ex-
pected. The amount of United States shipping
and property in that harbor could not secure that
appropriation. Now, (said Mr. B.,) I am in favor
of this appropriation, which is precisely analo-
gous to that proposed for Fort Independence; and
in order to show the consistency of gentlemen
on the question, he would ask for the yeas and
nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL spoke against the amend-
mentand in favor of retaining the appropriation m
the bill. He referred to the remark of the gentle-
man from New Jeraey [Mr. Parker] in relation to
the protection afforded by tftedanger of navigating
the Hurlgate. That gentleman must be aware
that, at certain periods of the tide, that place was
perfectly safe and harmless in navigation. It was
navigated daily by vessels bearing the commerce
of his own State, (Connecticut,) and steamboats
to and from the city of New York. He thought
the fortification highly essential to his own con-
stituents, as well as to the citizens of New York,
and others.
Mr. PARKER explained. He had not denied
that, at a certain state of the wind and tide, this
place could be passed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG alluded to the remark of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dates,]
who had demanded the yeas and nays iii order to
convict members of inconsistency. Mr. C. said
there was an appropriation already passed in the
bill, for the benefit of Boston harbor, precisely
analogous t3 this one. That proposed for the
reconstruction of Fort Independence could not
properly be so consideted.
Mr. BATES said, the only difference was, that
one appropriation was contained in the bill as
reported, and the other was not.
Mr. EVEK.ETT, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House for a few minutes in explanation of his
views of these appropriations.
Mr. WARD WELL said, it seemed the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] had de-
manded the yeas and nays in order to test the
votes of the New York delegation. .He did not
regret this. He was free to confess that he voted
against the proposition to rebuild Fort Independ-
ence because it had not come to the House rec-
ommended by the proper committee. With regard
to the appropriation under discussion, it was not
a matter of any peculiar personal interest to him-
self or his immediate constituents, as he came from
the interior of the State. The subject, however,
he was aware, was vitally important to the com-
merce of Massachusetts and Connecticut—much
more so than to the people of New York.
Mr FERRIS rose to make a further reference
to a report of the Board of Engineers, which he
read.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, said he per-
fectly coincided with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wardwell,] as to the importance of
this work to his constituents, as well as to others;
and he assured him that he should take pleasure
in recording his vote in favor of the appropriation.
He was not sorry the yeas and nays had been
demanded. But the gentleman had said the
appropriation for Fort Independence, in Boston
harbor, had not been recommended by a proper
committee. He would ask what committee could
be more appropriate for a military work than that
on military affairs? They had recommended it;
but it would be impossible to procure justice on
this point, until Congress should determine to pay
some respect to the recommendations of the engi-
neers employed by the Government.
Mr. DICKINSON said, at the last session of
Congress there were some principles laid down
by it, which he would now gladly see acted upon;
one of which was to build no more forts until
those which are already built and decaying were
armed. He said while there was a speck of war
discernible in our political horizon, he thought it
would better become the nation to look to her
immediate and important points of defence, and
equip her forts already erected, than to attempt
new ones. He would choose, too, to see both our
Army and Navy composed of American citizens,
which was far from being the case at present, par-
ticularly the latter, as he was credibly informed
that from a boatswain downwards our Navy con-
sisted of three Englishmen to one native-born cit-
izen ! He hoped the House would sustain itself
in its former principles by rejecting not only this
appropriation, but that for Boston also.
Mr. WARD, of New York, said he should de-
tain the House with only a few observations upon
the amendment under consideration. He would
not have said a word on the subject, but for the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] which he considered as
rather invidious towards the New York delegation.
That honorable gentleman had called for the
yeas and nays on the question, for the purpose, he
said, of showing the consistency of gentlemen on
the question—most of the members from New
York having, as he alleged, voted against the
appropriation for Fort Independence-, m Boston
harbor. Thatopposition,thegentlemanremarked,
came from an unexpected quarter, and he now
seemed desirous of ascertaining whether a ques-
tion in which the State of New York is, in like
manner, interested, the delegation from New York
would vote for or against the proposition. This
charge of inconsistency, Mr. W. said, would not
apply to him, for he had voted for the appro-
priation alluded to, though, on reflection, he was
led to-doubt the propriety of that vote, for the
reason that the appropriation had not been recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to which the investigado  of the subject properly
belonged. But, after hearing the argument on the
subject, in the Committee of the Whole, he was
induced to vote for it, chiefly by the consideration
that it was highly important to put the city of
Boston in a perfect state of defence. It was his
wish that no distinction should ever be made be-
twixt one State and another, as to the fortification
of our sea-board. Mr. W. said he would take '
this occasion to declare that he would vote for no
appropriation the sole object of which" was merely
to benefit a State by the expenditure of public
money within its limits, and he had no doubt that
every member of the House would join him in the
declaration. The decision of this question, there-
fore, would not be governed by any such policy.
The expenditure of $30,000, which is the whole
sum proposed in the State of New York, was not
an object, in that point of view, worthy of the
slightest consideration. He believed that the com-
pletion of the fort atThrog's neck was essential
to the defence of a city which was the acknowl-
edged commercial emporium of our country, and
for that reason alone, he should vote against the
motion to strike out this appropriation.            *
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Dickinson] seemed to think that we should go on
to complete the works already commenced before
we begin any others, and that we should rely for
our own defence from foreign aggression, not upon
fortresses, but the stout hearts and strong arms of
our citizens. Mr. W. differed with his honora-
ble friend. He considered, he said, that men of
the strongest nerves, sometimes, and under certain
circumstances, required a shelter from the enemy.
It was, he thought, undisputed, that skilful and
scientific fortifications were one of the cheapest, as
well as most efficient modes of defence. By a
proper system of fortifications, our cities and har-
bors would be defended at a less expense, both of
life and treasure, than by the bare exposure to the
enemy of the freeman's breast. The fort on
Thcog's Neck was not a new work, as the honora- *
blegentleman supposed. It had already been com-
menced, and it belonged to the plan of fortifica-
tions recommended under a former Administration,
for the defence of our commercial cities, by a dis-
tinguished, individual, now a member of the other
branch of our national Legislature, and then at
the head of the War Department, [Mr. Calhoun,]
a plan which that gentleman and his friends have
great reason to be proud of, and which, if ever
carried into full effect, would secure our widely
extended country from the insults and assaults of
any foreign force. All that was left for Congress
to do was to carry out the noble system which had
already been begun, and in a few years our cities
and harbors, with the vast amount of property
always collected in them, in the security of which
the citizens of every part of ourcountry are deeply
and directly interested, will be placed beyond the
reach of danger from foreign hostility; whereas a
neglect of these defences would invite and facilitate
aggression.
It was said that we required no forts for our
security. To this remark he would barely reply
that it would be difficult to satisfy the enlightened
representatives of a great and free people at this
day, that we could, with safety, dispense with
these means of national defence. He would not
now enter into a discussion of the general ques-
tion, whether fortifications were necessary to na-
tional defence, for it was sufficient to say that,
from the earliest period of which we have any
record .down to the present time, all civilized na-
tions have relied upon them in a great measure
for their security from invasion and assault.    Ha
142
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January i.0,
advened to the gallant and successful defence made
by our brave toops, under the command of Colo-
nel, attei wards General Hamilton, at Mud Fort,
in the Delaware, during the revolutionary war, as
an íllusüation of the advantage of such works
The ad vanee of the British armament was impeded
by that foit tor a gieat length of time, thereby
affording our army an opportunity to take up a
secure position near the city of Philadelphia,
which afterwards fell into the hands ot the enemy
If the works on Throg's Neck, which had been
commenced, should be now abandoned, all the
money which had been expended theie would be
a total loss to the country As a proof of the
importance of this position to the security of New
York, it had been stated, and, to his own knowl-
edge, stated correctly, by his colleague, [Mr
Jarvis,] that General Howe selected this very
point as the place for debaiking the British army
dunng the wai of the Revolution, with the view
of dislodging the American army fiom the city
and island of New York. During the whole of
that war it was considered as one of the most
important, and one of the most assailable positions
in the vicinity of New York; and such, he had no
doubt, would again be the case in the event of
another war. He, therefore, hoped the House
would not strike out the appiepilation, and more
especially since it had undergone the scrutiny and
received thesanctionofthe Committee of Ways and
Means, to which the subject pioperly belonged.
Mr. MANN, of New Yolk, said, if this was
an original proposition he should have no hesita-
tion whatever m voting against it, but as it then
stood, the case was different. Some gentlemen
had made it a local matter, for the exclusive benefit
of the city of New York, but the fact was, that
Throg's Neck was situated at a distance of about
twelve miles from that city, on Long Island.
Moreover, in General Bernard's repoit, this place
is made an object of especial attention, and was
among the plans recommended by him in 1820, as
•worthy of being put in a situation of defence.
Mr. M. said he should vote for no new works till
those already in existence were fully armed
They had been told that the fortifications of Boston
and Baltimore were not furnished with a single gun,
and he thought it time for the House to turn its
attention to armaments, and not to the erection of
new works
Mr. HEATH, of Maiyland, also spoke in favor
of the appropriation. He hoped the New Yoik
delegation would also show a liberal disposition
towards important appropriations for the defence
of the smaller States. We were one people—our
interests were all essentially combined, and we
should act as a band of brothers for the true m-
•terests of all, lie hoped the appropuation would
be retained
The question was then taken on striking out the
appropriation by yeas and nays, and decided in the
negative, as follows: Yeas 87, nays 114
The bill was then oideied to be engrossed for a
third reading to moirow, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tolsday, January 20, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Messrs. PRENTISS, HENDRICKS, POR-
TER.PRESTON, TIPTON, KING, of Alabama,
BROWN, and WEBSTER.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial and
joint resolutions trom the Legislature of Indiana,
praying for a donation of ¡and, and an appropria-
tion in aid of completing the Wabash Canal,
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting the correspondence with Loami Bald-
win, relative to his supermtendency of diy docks,
at Charleston, South Carolina, in pursuance of a
resolution of (he Senate for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. HILL, the communication
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice, that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent
frauds and impositions upon the pension laws.
Mr KING, of Alabama, gave notice, that to-
morrow he would ask leave to introduce a bill for
the íehef of Moses Beard and otheis
Mr TIPTON, from theCommiti.ee on Claims,
reported a bill tor the relief of Joseph Hard 5 ,
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
Second reading
Mi LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which the same was referred,
reported a bill confiimin^ claims to land 111 Mis-
souri, and forothei pui poses, with an amendment
Mr POINDEXTER, fiom the Committee on
Public Lands, to which a resolution on tne sub-
ject wad referred, lepoited a bill authoring the
investment of the two per cents oí Mississippi,
resei ved for making ioadj, in certain bank stocks,
which was read the fust time, and ordeied to a
second leading.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were taken up, consiuered, and adopted.
By M¡  PORTER
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canal  be mstiuctud to wquireinlo the expediency
ot making an appropuation to repan and complete
the road leading from the noithe-p boundaiy 'me
of Arkansas, by Little Rock and Washington, to
Fulton, on the north bank of Red nvei
By Mr. TIPTON
Resolved, l'hat the Committee on Roads and
Canals beinstiuctedto inquiie into the expediency
of making an appropuation to repair the military
road leading* fiom Fort Jesup, in Louisiana, to
Fort Towson, in Arkansas.
By Mr. BENTON:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs inquire into the expediency of appropriating
a suitable sum of money m assisting the officeis
and soldiers of the aimy of the United States, at
the several militaiy posts, to obtain the services of
chaplains.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. WAGGAMAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of constructing, at the national expense, a railroad
from Jacksonville, on the St John's river, to the
mouth of Suwanee river, at its entrance into
Vacasausa bay, on the side of the Gulf of Mexico,
or to such other convenient point on said river as
may be judged most expedient.
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to mqunemto the expediency
of authorizing the several íailioad companies char-
tered by the State of Indiana, to constiuct roads
from the Ohio river into the interior of the State,
to use the timber of the public lands in the con-
struction of their respective works, and also, to
inquueinto the expediency of malting grants of
the public land for the location of such roads, and
to aid the companies in making them wherever
the same may pass ovei any unsold lands of the
United States.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, directing the Commissionei of Public
Buildings to have the statues, executed by Pérsico,
and now in the íotundo, placed m the niches in
front of the Capitol, for which they were dea.gned,
was read twice and lefericd
The bill for the relief of Richard B. Archer was
read the fust time, considered as in Committee of
the Whole, anu ordered to a second reading.
The bill from the House of Representatives
authorizing the superintendent of Indian affairs at
St Louis to employ a clerk, was read twice and
referred
The bill for the relief of Charles Lynch, and
The bill to exempt merchandize imported under
certain circumstances fiom the operation of the
tariff of 1828, were severally read the third time
and passed
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Moses
Shcpperd, deceased, came up for a third reading.
Mr. HILL renewed his opposition to the bill,
and submitted a motion, " That the bill be recom-
mitted , with instructions to specify the several items
on which allowances shall be made, the amount
allowed on each item, and the aggregate amount <
on all the items, which amount shall be in full of I
all claims   pertaining to the several contracts.
made oy Moses Sheppeid for construct ng any
pait of the Cumbeilard load "
Upon which Mr H. asked the yeas and nays,
and they were otdered.
Aftei some reniaiks from Mr HENDRICKS,
in- opposition to the motion, and in favor ot the
immediate passage of the bi'l, the question -Has
taken on the recommitment and agreed to—yeas
24, nays 19, as follows-
VEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb. Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Giundy, H'll,
Kane, Kirg of Alauama, King of Georg.a, Linn,
McKean, Morris, Preáton, Robinson, Shepley,
Swift, Tallmadge, Iipton, Waggaman, Whue,
Wright—24
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Clay, Clayton, Ewmg,
Fielmgliuv^en, Hendru k«, Kent, Ltigh, Mooie,
Naudam, Poindextei, Portei, Prentiss, Robbing,
Silsbee, Snvth, Tom inson, Tyler, Webaei—19
On motion of Mi CLAY, ihe Senate then pio-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, January 20, 1835
Petition's and memorials weie presented, on
leave, by —
Mi   rEYTON, of Tennessee,
Mi. GORHAM, of Massachusetts;
Messls. CARR and EVVING, ot Indiana;
[Mr Carr presented amenional and joint reso-
luuon of ihe General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, piaymg a furthei donation of the public
domain, to assist in the completion of the Wabash
and Eue Canal, and in the construction of such
other works of internal improvement as will have
a tendency to open a line of communication be-
tween the Wabash and Ohio rivers; which, upon
his motion, weie referred to the Committee on
Roads and. Canals, and ordered to be printed ]
And Mi  GAMBLE, of Georgia;
Which petitions and memorials were referred
Mr BARR1NGER, from the Committee on
Military Affans, leported a bill for the relief of
James Taylor, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported, withoutamend-
ment, the bill from the Senate to continue the
office of Commissioner of Pensions; which was
committed
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following bills, which weie
read twice, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, viz:
A bill authorizing the construction of a dry
dock for the naval service.
And a bill to provide for constructing three
steam batteries.
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate inci easing the compensation of the
marshal of the district of Delaware, which was
commuted
Mr CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, leported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
Magee, and Semoisa, Creek Indians; which was
commuted.
Mr CLAY, fiom the same committee, reported
a bill to extend the time of issuing scrip certificates
on United States land warrants; which was read.
Mr. CLAY asked that the bill might be read a
second Ume, with a view to its engrossment.
After a  short  discussion  of an   explanatory
character by Messrs. VINTON, CLAY, R. M
JOHNSON, and DENNY, the bill was read a
second time, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill in relation to patents for public lands sold
by the, United States, or for private land claims
confirmed; which was read twice and postponed
for one week
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill to authorize the city council of St. Augus
tine to widen the stieets of said city; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. POPE, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported an amendment to the bill "to
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
143
construct certain loads and harbors, and iO improve
the navigation of certain rivers, ' and also an
amendn ent to the bill " to authonz " exammat ont,
survey , ard estímales for ihe inipiove"ieot of
ce¡ tain rivers and h ruo's," which amendments
were otdttetl to be ¡   in ed
Mr REYNOLDS, from t'ie Committee on
RoaUs ard Canais, reported an amendment to the
bill to authorize examination , surveys, and esti-
mates foi the cons ruction of roads, and for the
improvement of certain rivers, which was ordered
to be rn iteJ
Mi RE\ N0LD3, f'om tne same commute ,
reported, without amendment, me bill from the
Senate, to imorove the nt,vis;otn,ri or Wabash
river, vine1 , on motion of Mr it , was con muted
to a Commit ee of the Whole on the state ol the
Union
Mi WILLI \.MS, fom the Commit'ee on the
Public Lands, iej orteu, wuh an amendment, the
1 ill fion the Senate lor the rel ef of E1 jah Sim
mons, which was commuted
Mr CMNN moved to uke upa bi'l to organ'z 
the fire companies ot Washington city, and a bill
to extend the chaiter of the I\ie Insuiauce Com
pany of Alexandna
Object oi be ng made.
Mi C1X1N1N moved lo s ispend the íuies forthe
parpóse indicated, whicn was nega ived
Messrs DICIvlN&OV, CHAisEY, CASEY,
CLAYTON, rOolLil, GILMER, LAY, and
MUHLLN BEPG, each made adverse leports
upon peutiot s, &„ , wnicii had been referred to
then respective committees, which were lad on
the table
O i motion of Mr ■TOil'YSON, of Louisiana,
Resohed, That the Committee on P lblic Lands
be instruc ed to inquire into the expediei cv of
providing fireproof buildings for the surejor
general and iegister¡> of trie 'and rfftces of the
United S a*es, in the State of Ljui'iana
INDIAN RESERVATIONS
On motion of Mi McCARFY, the following
resolution, offeied by him on the 12ih .itstant, was
taken up
Resohed, That the President of the United Sta es
be requested to transmit to this House copies of
all letteis and correspondence of all Indian agenls
and sub agents, and other persons connected with
the Indian department, now in th  Executive or
War Department, or in the office of the Comims
8ioner of the Geneial Land Office, corne ted wth
or relative to the survey, location, sale, and trans
rer of all Indian reseives of lands smooths yeai
1825, up to this time, and also, all the orders and
communications fiom the Executive of *he United
States through the Wai Depaitment, or General
Land Offi e,or o nerwise,m reference to said sur-
veys, locations, sales, and transfers of Indian re-
set v^, together witn. maps and pío s of said sur
veys, and of the tracts approved and confirmed
by the President under said transfe-s and sales,
and wnat remains unappropriated, tnat have been
repotted and submitted for hi3 approval, together
witn the evidence of title
Mr McC^RTY" briefly explained the reasons
which had induced him to offer the resolution,
when, after a few remaiks by Messrs MILLER
and CLAY, the latte>- moved to postpone the
resolution foi one week                    m
Mr MrCAR I Y objected to the postponement,
but the further consideration of the subject was
heie anested by a call (by Mr Watmolgh) for
the orders of the dav, which prevailed
The following bnls weie lead a third time and
passed
A bill for the relief of William O'Neal and
Robeit Morrison,
And a bill makin  appiopnations for fortiiea
tions for the year 1835
On motion of Mi POLK, the previous orders,
&.c , were postponed forthe purpose ongoing into
committee on the appropriation bills
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL
The House then, on motion of Mr POLK,
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mi SPEIGHT m the
chair,) and proceeded to take up and consider—
The bill (No 616) making appropriation for the
:ml and diplomatic expenses of Government, for
the year 1835
The bul was taken uo oy sections
1 Mr MfKINLCY moved to insert af er l¿9th
line, an item for additional cleik hire, in the Bu-
reau of Private L-r,d Cknr^, to ail n the distri-
bution of priva e laud cla ms, reeoidin  elaiirs,
&.c , §2,000
Abieed to
Mi POLK mo% ed to insert three item" after the
172J line for the Superintendent of il e Buiean of
Indian Affairs, $3,000, for clerks .n do , $570,
and for contingent expense , $800
Agreed to
Mr  POLK also moved to strike out $3,000 and
insert 4,4 0i)J, fur the conif ersat on of ihe clerks
&c , in tne office of the Commissary Geneial of
Purchases, anil to strnce out the approo-ialion of
$700 for the clerk of the ourcnasing department
Agieed to
Mr PGLK then moved to strike our $6 400 for
the pay*ot temporal y ele ks in piepa intr state
ment undei resolutions of the Senate of G h and
30th June, 1834
Agieed to
On the item for thesalarvof the superintendent
of the southwest Lxecuuve Building, and watel
man,
Mr PARKER moved to strike out $830 and
insert $,1,2J0, and exp'ured that a di ciepanc)
existed in the pay for tnose persons and others
peiWrning the same or similar duties
Mr 1'OLK said it was the same as in former
years, but 1 e ¡.aw no impropriety m making the
compensation eq lal
The amendment was then agreed to
On the item fortheaopropnation for the L orary
of Congress being read—
Mr EDWARD EVERETT moved rn addi
tional item " for new ar icles of furmtu-e for the
Library of Congress $1,500," wiuch was agreed
to
| O i the appropriation to pay the expenses of 'he
Legislative Council of Michigan being real'—
Mr  POLK moved to   nsert "for the pay ard
i mileage of members of the Legislative Council of
I Miel tgan, and  tne officeis thereof, and tne nci
' dertal expenses of an  extra  session of the "aid
Co moil,  held   at  Detr >it,  in   the   year   1834,
$4 268 81," which was agieed to
The Uem for allowances to the law agent,
assistant counsel, and district attoiney, for settling
private land claims in Fioiida, being undei consid-
eration,
Mi WHITE, the Delegate from Florida,
' moved 'o str ke out " law agen ,"to insert§4 050
instead of Jj5 550, and to add a provi&o tiat none
of the money should be paid out of the Treasury
ti'l the cleims had been adj tdi"ated, and entered
into an explmat on of some lergth in support of
his proposition
Mi POLK siid, in reference to this >cm,mfor
mation was asked from the department, and Mr
P read a letter from the Secretary of tne Treas-
ury of the x4th January, setting forth that the
appropna'ion wes in conformity to an act of Ccn
giessofl^B Mr P also recited the c'ause of
' that act, and c t d the amounts of former years
showing that twas less 'Hal heretofore He «aw
no occasion for the reduction of the amount, or
I for adopting the proviso, nor could he perceive
how it could be done cons stently -with the public
interest, at least not until the act referred to had
been repealed
After some further comerseüon between Mr
MERCER, Mr FOLK, and WH11E, of Flor
ida, the question on the anaendmert was taken
and decided in the affirmative—ayes 81, noes not
counted
I On the item for the purchase of hw books for
' the office of the Attoiney General, <j3,000,
Mr POLK moved to insert §2,0U0 instead of
1 £3,000
Mi J Q, ADAMS wished to know at what
j period the principle for this appropriation was
I adopted
j Mr POT K replied, when Mr Berrien was
• Attorney General, an apprcprmtion of §500 had
been made Mr P then sent to theCierK's table
a letter fiom the present Attorney General, sett rg
forth that there had been no provision consistent
with the importance of the office, for a Library,
and that those officers had hitherto been com-
pelled to report to the Library of Congress, or
depend upon their private lesouices Mi Eutler
Sad been favored wuh the use of Ml Taney's
p «ate ltbraiy, of which he would soon neces-
sarily be deprived If Congi ss would make an
appropriation of thiee thousand dollars, it would
he-eafter oniy leojire three or foui hundred
dollars annually to supply the necessary new
publications
Mr J a ADAMS was unsatisfied, foi he could
see no reason wny the Attorney General should
be fu-n shed w th a library at the expense of the
country Mr A moved to strike out the whole
Clause
Mr FOSTER thought, on the contrary, tnat a
library in the office of the Attorney General was
indispensable, and should be furnished at the public
expense Mi i advocated the propriety of the
aopropna ion with some energy, ard said, he
thought it the most reasonable application ever
made to that House
Mr D J PEARCE opposed the item and said,
without some betlei cause than had been assigned,
he saw no valid íeason why the appropriation
should be made A consiJerible amount of the
SLin assigned for the ¡urcliaseof books for the
uoraiy of Congress was always expended in the
purchase or books for the department of law, to
which theAttoi ley GenerU had at all tunes ready-
access
Mr POLK further explained
The ques'ion was then taken on Mr J <ü.
Ada^is's motion to strike out the whole clause,
which was m atived   Ayes 53, noes 72
Mr POLK'S motion to amend the clause bv
inserting $2 0 0 instead of $3,000 was then agreed
to without a division
On the clause for compensation to the district
attorneys and marshals being read,
Mr FOSTER moved an additional item for
compensation fo the district attorney of South
Carol ia, ard for the marshal of Delawaie
Mi POLK inquired if this was in pursuance
of any 'aw
Mr IOSTER replied in the negative, but ad-
vocated the expediency of the appropriation
Mr POLK thought it could only be done mider
a special act, and suggested to Mr Foster to
withdraw his amendment, and a special bill might
be introduced to meet the object
Mr FOSTER then withdrew his amendment,
and the clause, as it stood, was adopted
On the following item being read, appropriating
$300,000, for defraying the expenses of the Su-
preme, cncuit, and district couits of the United
States, oV ,
Mr PARKER inquired how it was that this
amount had increased from the amount of last
year, which was then $260,000
Mr POLK said the increase of this item aid not
escape the attention of the committee, who had
made the necessary inquiry of the Treasury De-
partment, and it was founded on estimates which
had been furnished by the marshals of the several
States Mr P then sent to the Clerk's table a
table of the various items, which was read, and
the clause was agreed to
The clause " to make good a deficiency m the
funds for the relief of sick and disabled seamen,
&c , §25,000" having been read,
Mr J Q. ADAMS asked how this deficiency
had been created
Mi POLK explained and produced a document
from the Secretary of the Treasury, setting forth
that the deficiency actually existed fiom an excess
of expend ture
Mr J Q, ADAMS said, though he should not
move to strike out the clause, he deemed it a very
improper one, since it led to the expendituie of
money without the authority of law
Mi CAMBRELE1NG said, the expenditure
was necessaiiiy a fluctuating one The gentleman
from Massachusetts was in error about the law;
seamen abroad who became disabled must, by
law, be sent home by consuls, and thus the actual
amount could not be anticipated
The conversation then dropped
Mr REYNOLDS moved to amend the clause
providing for the suivey of tne public lands, by
adding for "suiveymg lots in Peoria, Illinois,
$500 "
Mi  R said, he had made inquiry at the Treas-
U4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
yry Department, and found that no provision had
been made toi tins object
The amendment was negatived without a divis-
ion
The clause") for salaries of foreign Ministers
and chaig&s d'affaues then came under consider-
ation
Mi. J. Q.. AD VMS asked, why it was that an
appropriation was inserted lor a charge d'affaires
to Buenos Ayres? There was no such officei
there Mr. A said, lie had last year made a mo-
tion to strike out this item, on the ground that
there not only was no such minister there, but
under the then existing cncumstances,he thought
it highly improper that there should be. But
that appropriation was passed; and if it had not
been diverted to some other purpose, he again
asked why this was mseited in tne bill' Mr. A
also alluded to the outfit appropriated last year
for a minister to London, where no minister had
resided
Mr POLK said, in relation to the $,9,000appro-
priated last year for a minister to England, he
would send to the table of the Clerk a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, which accounted
for the expenditure of #6,G83 50, for the pay of a
charge d'affaires at that Court, leaving a balance
of #3,317 50, which was paid over to the surplus
fund Wuh legald to the mission to Buenos
Ayres, he had sought no information on the sub-
ject from the depaitment, and had, therefore,
received none
Mr. ADAMS said the explanation was not sat-
isfactory. He wished the House distinctly to
know what they appropriated money for, and
how it was expended.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, if the facts weie as
stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts, it
ought to be stricken out; but he hoped the gen-
tleman would permit it to go to the House, and
there act upon it.
Mr ARCHER agreed with the gentleman from
Massachusetts in the propriety of ■sinking out this
appropriation. We had a right to suppose the
money to be then in the Treasuiy: as the appro-
priation had been made, the depaitment had no
right to divert it to another puipose. If such had
been done, it was lime to maik it with a distinct
brand of reprobation.
Mr POLK begged to inquire of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Anoint] if it was within his
own knowledge that the money appropnated for
this object had been expended in some 'other
foreign mission'
Mr ARCHER intimated that the question
should be addressed not to him, but to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. POLK then begged to inquire of that gen-
tleman.
Mr. JOHN aUINCY ADAMS then said he
inferred as much, because it had not been expended
in the manner and for the object directed by Con-
gress.
Mr POLK then said it was an inference, and
an inference drawn without facts. The gentlemen
were not authorized to draw a conclusion either
that the money has been, or that it would be,
expended in any object other than that for which
it was intended. Mr. P. begged foi leave to differ
with the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts—distinguished in his acquitments in"
foreign diplomacy, that the appropriation for the
mission to England had been diverted from its
purpose We had a mimetei in Great Britain of
the second grade, who was entitled to half the
salary given to one of the first grade Congress
had made an anpropuation for a minister of the
latter grade; and from circumstances which needed
not then to be adverted to, the Government could
not pay a full minister; but did it follow that we
were to be unrepresented> Mr P made some
further explanation on this point. With regard
to the item for the charge at Buenos Ayres, he
would only remark, that it was submitted among
the regular annual estimates, furnished by the
head of the department; and after the very elab-
orate discussion of last year, he had not sup-
posed the question would have been again re-
agitated
Mr. P. concluded by saying, that if no good
reason could be assigned why the item should be
Btrieken out, he hoped the committee would suffer
it to remain as it stood He would pledge himself
that if additional information should be lequired,
he would, when the^ bill came into the House,
endeavor to procured
ftlr. ARCHER said if he understood the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means, it was to
bepiepaied to answer all mteriogatones on the
subjects introduced, and recommended by them
He asked what had become of the appropnaiion
made last year, and he was answered that it was
incumbent on ihegentlemanfrom Massachusetts to
answer the mquny. it was known that an appro-
priation was made for a minister to Buenos Ayres
last year, and it was notpietended that a Minister
had been sent theie, and he would ask what had
become of the money > It certainly had not been
applied to the use for which it was intended, and
why weie they called upon to make it again ' Mi.
A was by no means disposed to bring a chaige
of malfeasance upon the Administration^ since it
might be an oversight, but he was not disposed to
vote an appropriation twice ovei for the same ob-
ject. He hoped they were not yet limited to such
subserviency. It the House should b'mdly vo'e
on this item, the oigan of the Admimstiation
would only have to get up in his place, and pio-
pose any measure, and that would be a sufficient
reason for its adoption.
Mr CAMBRELENG hoped that no por'tor of
the Hoube were liable to the chaige of subseivi-
ency.                                     t
Mr ARCHER disclaimed having madeany per-
sonal or general allusion to the members of the
House
Mi. CAMBRELENG continued He thought
the mattei before them was one about which
there ought to be no difference of opinion. It
was certainly not one worthy of a long debate
The gentleman from Massachusetts nad reminded
the committee that a similar appropnation was
made last year, which still íemained in the Treas-
ury. With that knowledge, it cerlain'y ought not
to be appropriated again, but it ought not to be
struck out upon the piesaroption that the appio-
pnation had been misapplied by the department.
Whether it was struck out or not, as not iniporw-
tant, as we should have the necessary information
before it would be acted on in the Hou-.e He
had hoped the gentleman fiom Massachusetts
would have deferred his motion till that time, but
it was not material
After some further debate, the question was
taken on the amendment of Mr J Q. Adams, to
strike out all that \ art of the clause relating to
Buenos Ayres, anil agreed to
Mr. POLK pioposed an additional clause,
making an appropriation for the outfit of a minis-
ter to Spain, $9,000.
He produced a letter fiom the depaitment,
stating that the present minister to Spnm had oo-
tained leave to return home, and would doubtless
avail himself of the oppoiiunity
The amendment was agi eed to
Mr POLK moved to insert " Portugal" m the
provision " for outfits of tne charge d'affaires to
Piussii and Venezuela," and ms'ead of "nine,"
insert " thuteen thousand dollars "
Mr J. Q, ADAMS asked whether this appio-
pnation for a mission to Venezuela was nota new
one
Mr. CAMBRELENG answered he believed it
was.
Mr J. Q. ADAMS «aid, on a former occasion,
a debate aiose in the House, as to tht location or
existence of the Republic of Colombia It was
then settled down to New Granada,and he wanted
some fuither information on the subject of this
Government of Venezuela—whether it was recog-
nised by the Piesident, or whethei it was of suffi-
cient lmnortance to command two missions
Mr CAMBRELENG said, he should leave the
gentleman from Virginia to adjust the geograph-
ical question with the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, which had been raised last >eai,and with
which he had nothirg to do But as it regarded
the propiic!,y of sending a minister to Venezuela,
he would state his opinion tnat in a commercial
view, a charge d'affaires to that Government was
far moie important than to any one of the three
into which Colombia had been divided He hoped
the piovision would be retained
Mr. ARCHER concurred m the opinion of the
gentleman fiom New Yoik, near him, [Mr Gam-
ereleng,] that an agent at Venezuela was of more
importance to our commene than to any other of
the new ¡south American States
The amendment of Mr. POLK was then agreed
to.
Mr SEVIER moved to strike out two thousand
dollars out of the appropriation foi the Terntoiy
of Arkansas, making it nine instead of "eleven
thousand dollars "                                           %
After some conversation between Messrs. SE-
VIER and POLK, the amendment was agreed to
Mr. L\ON, of Michigan moved an addition 1
appropriation for the expenses of that govei nment,
but the motion was lost.
Mr PlNCKNEY moved to amend the bill by
making an appropriation of $20,000 for the pui-
chase of a building*i>i Chaileston, for the use of
the Fedeial court, and tor a jail
Mi FOSTER said he would merely remark,
that this subject had been under consideiation
before the Committee on the Judiciary, and was
there disapproved
The question being taken, the amendment was
lost.
The bill being laid aside,
The committee then, on motion of Mr FOS-
TER, took up the bill to make additional com-
pensation to the dish let attorney, for the distuct
of South Carolum
Mi PlNCKNEY moved an amendment, in-
eietismg the pay ot the a'torney §400 instead of
$i200, as  provided by the bill
Negatived
The bill was then laid aside
The committee, on motion of Mr FOSTER,
proceeded to consider the bill allowing additional
salaiy to the maishal of the dibtnct of Dt laware;
aftei which,
The commi'tee rose, leported the bills to the
Houee, (the former as amended.) when
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Januaiy 21, 1835.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
the hens of Noah Brown and otheis, piayiog
remuneiation foi the depreciation oí certain Treas-
uiy notes, which was referied to the Committee
on Chums
Mi FRELINGHUYSENpresented thememo-
lial of John Ross and othei head men of theCher-
okee tribe of Indians, residing east of the Missis-
sippi rrver.
Mr F. said that the memorialists stated the
situation of their uffaus with the State of Georgia
—that they had now ¡eached that crisis which
lequned the interposition of the Government of
the United States They proposed to Congress
If purchase their territory, and cede the same to
Groigia, and upon this Government doing so,
they proposed to submit to the laws of Georgia—
that they had come to the deliberate determination
not to remove west of the Mississippi, but intended
to remain, and proposed, under suitable guaran-
tees, to become citizens of Geoigia, and to be
entitled to all the pnvileges, political as well as
others, to which citizens of that State were enti-
tled. And tlujy proposed to this Government to
make such arrangements with Georgia as would
secure to them tnese pnvileges. lie moved the
leference of the memorial to the Committee on In-
dian Affai.s, and that it be ordered to be printed;
which was agreed to
The VIC E PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter from the Wai Department, communicating
the names of the clerks employed in that depart-
ment for the year 1834, with the compensation
paid to each.
Also, another letter fiom the War Department,
transmitting a statement of the expenses for con-
tingencies of the Army for the year 1834
Also, another letter from the War Department,
containing an abstract of all the licenses which
have been granted to trade with the Indians; which
communications were seveially laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr PORTER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reponed a bill for the relief of Maiy
O'Sulhvan
1635.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday,
were taken up, considered, and agreed to:
By Mr. WAGGAMAN:
Resolced, That tiie Committee on Koads and
Canals be instructed to niq lire into the expediency
of constructing at the national expense, a railroad
from Jacksonville, on the St. John's river, to the
mouth of the Suwanee rxver, at its entrance into
Vacasausa bay,on thesideof the Gulf of Mexico,
or to such other convenient point on said river as
may be judged most expedient.
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Committee  on  Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of   authorizing   the   several   rmlioad   companies
chartered  by the Sate c:f Indiana, to construct ¡
roads fiom the Ohio river into the i.iitrior of the :
State, t.i use the timber of the public lands m the I
construction of their respective works; and also, {
to inquire into the expedif ncy of making grants
of the public land for the location of such roads, j
and to aid the companies in making them wherever ¡
the same may pass over any unsold lands of the j
United States.                                                               |
The following resolution was submitted by Mr. |
HENDR1C.XS:                                                           ¡
Resoloed, That the Committee on the Judiciary j
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of fix- j
ing by law, the time of commencement and close |
of every succeeding session of Congress.                 |
The unfavorable report of the Committee on
Claims upon the petition of Benjamin 1. Heard,
and the unfavorable report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims against the claim of the
heirs of Colonel Harry Dixon, deceased, were
severally concurred in.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, directing the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to have the statues, executed by Pérsico,
and now in the Rotundo, placed in the niches in
front of the Capitol, for which they were designed,
was read the second time as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of Richard P. Archer was
read the second time and referred.
The bill authorizing the registers and receivers
of public moneys to administer oaths, was taken
up and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POINDEXTER said, that several weeks
ago he offered a resolution calling on the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office for copies of the
oaths which had been prescribed to be taken by
persons prior to making entries of public land.
No answer had yet been received from that office
to this resolution, and none, he presumed, would
be made to it. This bill was intended to cover a
palpable violation of public law on the part of the
Treasury Department, and, as he wished an an-
swer to the resolution, he would, with that view,
move to lay the bill upon the table; which was
agreed to. '
The bill making an appropriation to improve
the harbor at or near the mouth of the river Raisin,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of William C. Easton was
taken up and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.                                                            .    „
After some remarks by Mr. TIPTON, m favor
of the bill, Mr. HILL moved to lay it on the
table; which was agreed to.                                     -
The bill for the relief of William Pettiplace and ¡
others, heirs and legal representatives of Joseph ,
White, deceased, was considered asm Committee I
of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a j
third reading.                                                    ,           >
The bill for the relief of David Lynch and
others was taken up for consideration, and             I
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, was laid ,
on the table, with a view to allow some further i
examination to be made into its merits.                   j
Mr. BENTON, from the Military Committee, ,
reported a bill for the relief of Colonel John Hudry, i
of New Orleans.
This report having been made—                           I
Mr.  WAGGAMAN   observed   that Colonel ,
Hudry had last night committed suicide.                 :
Mr. BENTON expressed his astonishment and
regret at so melancholy an occurrence, and too* .
the opportunity to say that he was well acquainted
with Colonel Hudry at New Orleans, where he
behaved with great gallantry during the late war,
and sustained great pecuniary sacrifices. He also
believed that the claim was perfectly correct and
just.
Mr. PORTER remarked that a more melan-
choly event had rarely occurred within his recol-
lection.    He knew the individual well, and knew
him to be a most estimable man, and everything
that had been said of him by the gentleman from
Missouri was well merited.    He did behave him-
self most gallantly at New Orleans, both on the
j! 23d of December and the 8th of January,"1815,
| ¡ and expended there in various munitions of war
11 from ten to fifteen thousand dollars from his pri-
ij vate purse, for which he had never been com-
|| pensated.    That he came here last winter, press-
¡j ing his claim, and there was no doubt it would
;i have been allowed, but he last night put an end to
,: his existence from utter despair of its recovery,
j!     Mr. BENTON then suggested the propriety of
;i a recommitment of the bill, with a view to its
jl amendment, so as to allow the claim to the heirs
|' and legal representatives of the deceased.
|1     Mr. KING, of Alabama, remarked that he was
¡j a member of the Military Committee, and from
11 the examination he had given the claim, he had no
doubt of its being correct.   But he suggested to
the gentleman from Missouri, to take up the bill
for consideration now, and amend it conformably
to his proposition.
Mr. BENTON acceded to the suggestion, and
on his motion,
TheSenate proceeded to consider the bill, which
was amended so as to make the allowance (about
$4,366) to the heirs and legal representatives of
Colonel John Hudry.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, pursuant to notice,
and on leave given, introduced a bill to revive the
act of 1824, for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of John Donalson and Stephen
Heard; which was read twice and referred.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Judiciary Committee,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Sarah Yorke.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill to remove the land
office in Mississippi, from Clinton to Jackson;
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Thomas Cooper, of South Carolina.
Mr. PRESTON, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill to detect and punish
frauds and impositions upon the pension laws;
which was read twice and referred.
Mr. LINN, from the committee to which the
bill for the relief of Bartholomew Butcher and
Peter Butcher had been referred, reported the
same without amendment.
The bill making compensation for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800, came up as the special order,
when,                                      „„ .                          ,
On motion of Mr. SHEPLEY, it was postponed
till to-morrow.
The bill to distribute for a limited time the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands among the
several States, came up as the special order; and
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was postponed to
this day week.
The bill graduating the price of the public lands,
and providing for the sale of those which have
been longest in market, came up as the special
order; when                                 ,    „                      ,
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business, with a
view to the despatch of business which remained
unfinished.
Mr. CLAYTON remarked that there were
several Senators unavoidably absent.
Mr CLAY said he was very desirous that the
Senate should engage in executive business; and
he came to the Senate Chamber to-day for that
purpose, but there were several Senators absent
who desired to be present at that time. He there-
fore suggested to put it off till to-morrow.               f
Mr. "BENTON then waived his motion, and
moved to postpone the bill to Wednesday next;
which was agreed to.
Several other land bills lying on the table were   •
postponed to the same day.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill for the relief of
Nicholas D. Coleman, and after some remarks
by Mr. LEIGH and Mr. BLACK in favor, and
by Mr. CLAY in opposition to the bill, it was
negatived.
The joint resolution, directing the President of
the United States to cause to be presented to Col-
onel Croghan and his under officers, medals,
struck with suitable devices, as a testimony of
national gratitude for their deeds of patriotism and
valor in defence of FortSt. Stephens, being under
consideration—
Mr. BIBB gave a brief outline of the history
and events connected with that brilliant affair, and
paid a handsome compliment to the officers and
soldiers who fought in defence of that fort.
The resolution was agreed to.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time:
A bill confirming the titles to certain lands in
Florida to General Carara;
A bill authorizing the construction of a railroad
through the lands of the United States, from Talla-
hassee to St. Marks, in Florida;                     *•
A bill making appropriation for completing cer-
tain improvements in Florida;
A bill appropriating $20,000 for removing sand-
bars in the Mississippi river, amended,
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, by adding a
clause directing the appropriation to be extended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
A bill providing for the adjustment of certain
land claims in Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Magruder.
The bill, reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, for the relief of Silas B. Fisher, was, on
motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, laid on the table.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 21, 1835.
Mr.   FORESTER,  from  the   Committee  of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
of Benjamin Gentry; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. FORESTER, by consent, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of
______members, be appointed to investigate the
commutation claims- and seven years' half-pay
claims of the widows and orphans of those who
died or were killed in the service of the revolu-
tionary war, as well such commutation and seven
years' half-pay claims as have been paid, as those
which are still unpaid; and the half-pay claims
authorized to be paid at theTreasury Department
of the United States, under any act or acts of Con-
gress providing for the payment of the same, as
well those that have been paid as those that have
not, and that said committee be directed to inquire
into the expediency of passing such laws as may
be deemed expedient to prevent frauds against the
Government and the claimants.
Mr. MILLER suggested that the adoption of
the resolution would interfere with an important
bill reported by the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, on a branch of the subject embraced in the
resolution.                                  .          .                  . ,
Mr. FORESTER had no wish to interfere with
the bill to which reference had been made. His
main object was to have a full investigation of the
frauds which were known to exist, and to devise
some means of preventing others in future, not
only against the Government, but against indivi-
dual claimants.
Mr CHILTON was opposed to the adoption
of the resolution. The whole subject was before
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. It would
be a departure from the parliamentary rule, if not
a reflection upona standing committee of theHouse
to attempt to wrest from it in this way its legit-
mate functions and duties.
Mr VANDERPOEL agreed witn the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that it was unnecessary to
146             ___                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________January 21,
reuse a select committee on this subject He was
willing to vote foi a resolution sending the same
inquiries to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, inasmuch as he doubted whether that
committee was fanly in possession of the whole
subject embiaced in the present resolution. He
referred to the practices resorted to by specula-
tors, in order to defraud honest claimants of their
rights, and was willing to aid in pieventing those
fraudulent practices He was, however, opposed
to raising a special committee, and preferred that
the subject should be sent to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims He concluded by moving
to lay the resolution on the table, but withdrew
the motion at the request of
Mr BAYLIES, who remarked that as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, he
did not view the resolution as a reflection upon the
committee to which he belonged He íeferred to
the objects contemplated by the lesolution, and
remarked that the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims were anxious to place this subject on a
footing to avoid, as far a-s possible, special legis
lation—to produce, m íegard to it, something like
principle and uniformity of action He could see
no good reason for adopting the resolution
Mr MASON, of Virginia, considered the pro-
posed inquiry in some degree distinct from the
regular and ordinary duties of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims It was known that the
most profligate frauds had been committed, not
only upon the Government, but upon individual
claimants At the last session he had offered a
resolution calling for a list of persons entitled to
commutation pay Upon a consultation with the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, he was apprized
of the most profligate fraud-  which had been com-
mitted by speculatois, and informed that it had
been deemed expedient, in ordei,if possible, to
prevent their recurrence, to withhold infoimauon
touching these claims, except to those duectly
or indirectly interested In consequence of this
interview, he withdrew his resolution The object
of the present resolution was to raise a committee
to devise the means, if possible, to protect the
claims of the heirs of those who achieved our lib-
erties, and to prevent the perpetration of frauds,
not only against the Government, but against the
meritorious claimants, to which reference had been
made. If the obpct could be attained by a refer-
ence of the subject to the standing committee of
the House, be hoped his friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Forester] would withdraw his motion for
a select committee, and let the subject go to the
former
Mr. TORESTER referred to the duties of
the Committee on Revolutionai y Pensions The
object winch he had in view went further than the
ordinary business confided to that committee It
proposed to investigate the whole subject, for the
purpose of pieventing speculatois from seizing
upon the bounty of the Government, which had
been extended to the heirs of those who had
fought the battles of the Revolution fie intended
no reflection upon the standing committee by his
motion.
Mr F referred to the fraudulent practices
which existed on this subject As things now
stood, it was impossible for claimants to piocure
information which they could undeistand, while
the hungry speculator makes himself acquainted
with them He wished to guard against all this.
He wished to prevent these speculations upon the
honest earnings of the ancestois of his constit-
uents.
Mr MILLER, was opposed to the resolution,
because the first branch of it withdiew from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims a subject
properly before that committee He alluded to
the commutation bill, which was made the special
order for some future day If this resolution was
passed, it would commit the whole subject to this
special committee, which he thought wholly un-
necessary
Mr MUHLENBERG remarked that he was
not in his seat during a portion of the time in
which the motion had been discussed He believed
the gentleman would accomplish his object when
the general bill on the subject came up, which
opened the whole question
Mr REED refeired to the frauds and specula-
tions which had taken place in reference to this
subject, and  he thought the proposed inquiry
entirely proper
Mr. GRENNELL was in favor of the resolu-
tion Its object was patriotic and humane He
was in favor of a select committee, because the
inquiry extended beyond the scope of the ordinal y
duties ot the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
Mr TURRILL had heaid no good reasons as
signed for the adoption of the resolution He
considered the whole subject already before the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims
Mr. EWING wished to mgiafta small amend-
ment upon thf> resolniion He desired to give
those who were rejoicing on account of the com
plete redemption ot the public debt, real ground
for rejoicing, by making provision for the redemp-
tion of the continental paper money. After a few
additional remarks,
Mr E moved the following amendment to the
motion
1 Also to inquire into the expediency of pio-
' vidmg for the redemption of continental paper
' yet lemaining unpaid, accoiding to the principles
' of equity and ms'ice "
Mi FOSTER said, as only fifteen minutes
íemained of the time allotted to resolutions and
reports, he would move to postpone the resolution
for another week, in order that the committee
might have an opportunity to make report.
Mr FORESTERhadno objection to postponing
the lesolution to the 30ih instant, which would be
beyond the time allotted for the disposition of the
bill to which reference had been made.
Mr FOSTER accepted the suggestion as a
modification of his motion
The resolution was then postponed to the 30th
instant, and, on motion of Mi BEATTY,ordeied
to be punted
INDIAN ANNUITIES.
Mi POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
Indian annuities, and other similar ob]ects, for
1835, which was read twice and committed
CHAIRMAN   OF   COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN
constituted the official chairman, the person next
named was also ipso fartn coust^eieti a? chairman__
it would be seen, he said, that thi¡> u-age had been
departed from. Fiom ihesi itementof lhe gentle-
man fiom New York, it appeared that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations had thought pioper
to elect a chauman of then own, and thereby dis-
place the chau man appointed by the Speakei If
this had happened with íespect to one the least
important of the committees of the House, Mi
A would still have thought the procedure one
worthy of notice, but occurring as i' had in one
of the most important of the committees, consist
ing, or supposed to consist, of persons of the
highest charactei, and owing the deepest respon-
sibility to the House and to the nation—ard its
chairman also, a person under the heaviestrespon-
sibility, he consideied it his duty to bring the
matter before the House
The CHAIR inamated tnatthe debatehad gone
on thus far by the indulgence of the House, with-
out any motion having been made, but if it were
the pleasuie of the House, the gentleman might
proceed     [Cues of " Go on '"  "Goon1"]
Mr ADAMS resumed He was stating that
certain events had taken place which called for the
senousconsideration of the House, and that he was
under some embarrassment as to the mode and
manner in which he should bring it under its
notice In order, howevei,to make the debate
proper, and within the rules of order, it was his
intention to conclude by a motion or resolution,
the purpoi t of which he would state to be to place
the name of the cha rman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the Journals of the House
The mam point, however, upon which he wished
to direct the attention of the House was this, that
there was a chau man of one of its most import-
ant and responsible committees acting, without
the House knowing anything about it This, to
say the least of it, uasanncongiuous proceeding,
as well as out of the usual form It should oe
upon the Journals, since, if it was desired to know
who composed any committee, or who was its
chairman, they offeied the only record, and to
them would any one íefei for ascertaining the
fact If it should turn out that the committee m
question had elected a new chairman, for he would
not dispute the word of the gentleman fiom New
York, why, at least it ought to be entered upon
the Journals, so that every member of that House,
and every one in the nation, m'ght know it Now
in ordei to found some few observations he in-
tended to make in this case, as the gentleman from
New Yorkjiad told them he was the cha.rman of
the committee, Mr A begged leave to put another
question to the gentleman, which he mightanbwer
or not as he pleased—it was whether the gentle-
man was elected chairman by a majority of that
committee, or by a minority?
Mr CAMBRELENG said that,before answer-
ing the inquiry of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, he must apologize to the Speaker for having
answered the first question of that gentleman.
Not having heard the whole of his remarks, he
was not awaie that the inquiry was addressed to
the Speaker, had he so understood him, he certainly
¡should not have risen atall Hemerely heard the
question, and stated the fact for the information
of the gentleman He sincerely regretted that
thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Everett]
and himsef should have been placed in so awkward
an attitude before the House However he had
differed with that gentleman politically, he had
ever been on friendly, if not on intimate, terms
with him In accepting the station assigned him
by the committee, he had supposed that the
gentleman from Massachusetts would be relieved
from a position not agreeable to himself at this
particulai crisis The gentleman from Vugima,
[Mr Archer,] the former chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, had not, at th's session,
doubtless from motives of propriety, desired to
continue in that station in the present peculiar
state of our foreign relations Witn regard to the
particular inquiry put to him by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, he had merely to say that the
vote of the committee stood four to three—the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Everett]
and himself not voting.
Mr. J a ADAMS   The gentleman from New
York has answered with perfect candor, and from
AFFAIRS.
Mr J CI ADAMS said he was desirous of
addressing a question to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and he wished to
inquire of the Chair who was the chairman of that
committee
Mr CAMBRELENG stated, in answer to the
inquiry of thegentleman fiom Massachusetts, that
the committee had done him the honoi to elect
him their chau man
Mr J Q,. ADAMS said he apprehended the
gentleman's reply would be found to haveinvolved
something like the introduction of a new principle
into that House, in the part taken by that com-
mittee Mr A had felt some degree of embai-
lassment as to the manner in which this subject
should be introduced to the House, but upon giving
it the deepest reflection he had thought it best to
apply to the Chair, because the usual authonty
fiom which he could learn who were the chairmen
of the various standing and select committees of
the House were the Journals of the House, and
they weie under the care of the Presiding Officer
Now, it was one of the rules of the House that
all standing committees should be appointed at the
commencement of every session, and another rule
was, thatthey should beappomted by the Speaker
lie was unaware of any lule of the House by
which the Speaker named the chairmen of the
several committees but by usage, which had
become almost universal, the peison first named
upon each standing or select committee was con-
sidered as appointed by the Speakei ex officio the
chairman of that committee, although a committee
had power to elect its chairman, if they thought
proper As far, however, as he (Mr A ) was
acquainted with th  piactice of that House and its
committees, the power of electing the chairmen of
the latter had never been exercised—or, if ever, it
was believed only upon rare and extraordinary
occasions. From what had been stated by the
gentleman fiom New York, [Mr Cambrelentg,]
it would be seen that this old and general usage,
of considering the person first named on the com-
mittee as its ex officio chairman, until another had
tbeen duly elected by the committee—and that in
the event of the resignation of the person thus
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T47
this answer we learn that he was elected chairman
of the committee not by a majority, but by a
minority-of that body. Every member of the
committee, nine in number, were present, and the
gentleman states that he received four votes, so
that he could not have been elected by a majority.
It was not, however, Mr. A.'s purpose, at that
time, to question the regularity of the procedure,
but to ask .that the fact of the gentleman being
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
may be entered on the Journals of the House.
He entreated the gentleman from New York, as
well as the House, to believe that the grounds
upon which he had brought this matter forward,
did not, in the slightest degree, involve the personal
respect winch he always had, and always should
entertain towards that gentleman. If it had been
the pleasure of the Speaker to appoint him in the
usual manner, no one would have been more satis-
fied with that appointment than himself. He also
believed that in accepting the office, the gentleman
be eved he was relieving Mr. A.'s colleague and
friend from a most awkward and unpleasant situ-
ation, but that was not the question. The ques-
tion was whether his honorable colleague was in
that situation, a situation of deep responsibility
and high honor.
Mr. A. thought the whole procedure was one
that ought to go before the nation, and that it
should be known whether the rules, orders, and
acts of that House had been properly pursued by
the committee. It was for that reason that he had
deemed it necessary to lay the matter before the
House for consideration. It was a new thing,
and he did not understand it to have been done in
consequence of any usage, or of any established
principle. In Jefferson's Manual of Parliamentary
Practice it is stated to be the usage that " the per-
' son first named is generally permitted to act as
'chairman; but this is a matter of courtesy, every
' committee having a right to elect their own chair-
' man." That was stated as the parliamentary
usageof England, but so far from being so in that
House, he believed it would be exceedingly diffi-
cult to adduce a single instance in which a com-
mittee had elected their own chairman. He was
aware that the practice of the other House varied.
Well, then, here was a departure from usage, and
a departure in a form very questionable, viz: a
chairman elected by a minority, instead of a ma-
jority of the body over which he is to preside.
In respect to the appointment of a chairman by a
minority, he found nothing in the Parliamentary
Manual having any bearing, but he was at a loss
to see upon what ground the committee had de-
parted from the old usage. There was a positive
rule to the contrary, and he would refer to a manual
published in Pennsylvania, by a member of that
House, which stated that the election should in all
cases take place by a majority of the members
present.
Mr. A. concluded by reiterating that his object
was, that the election of chati man of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations should be made a matter
of record, and by entering upon the Journals of
the House that the chairman appointed by the
Speaker at the commencement of tiie session, had
resigned, and he made that motion accordingly.
Mr. E. EVERETT said he did not rise to dis-
cuss this matter, and he had to solicit the indul-
gence of the House under the circumstances upon
which he found himself compelled to make a brief
explanation. The honorable gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] has said that Mr.-E 's
respected colleague had placed him before the
House in a veryembarrassiug situation, and has
justly alluded to him (Mr. E.) as one on who.m
he has long and ever stood upon a footing of inti-
mate personal friendship. It was natural perhaps
that the gentleman from New York should think
that his (Mr. E.'s) colleague had placed him in
an embarrassed situation, but Mr. E thought it
due to himself to state, to avoid any erroneous
inffrenee, that he was placed in that situation
without any concurrence or c< operation on his
part. His respected colleague had consulted him,
but had not made it in pursuance of any request
from him; on the contrary, he had done nothing
to induce his honorable colleague to bring the
matter before the House. This explanation was
necessary to remove from the mind of the gentle-
man from New York the idea that he (Mr. E.) in
any degree had prompted this movement. So
much on that ground.
Another remark which fell from the same gen-
tleman, seemed to require still more that Mr. E.
should say a word or two.   The gentleman said
that he considered instead of doing anything un-
friendly towards  him—of which   he  had   never
charged the gentleman, or designed to charge him—
that he had relieved Mr. E. from the situation in
which the delicate sense of honor of the gentleman
! from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] at the commence-
r ment of the present session, had led him to relieve
i himself.    Now, this would seem to lead to the in-
ference that Mr. E. ought to have taken the same
, step which the gentleman from Virginia did, and
! not to have remained in a condition to receive the
1 votes of the members of the committee.   In the
1 first place he would say, that this was of all other
' the last point on which he expected to have been
called upon to addiess the House this day.   When
: his  friend   from   Georgia,   [Judge   Wayne]—he
> cayed him his friend not from mere parliamentary
I courtesy—retired from the office, Mr. E. felt the
delicacy of his situation, and at first intended to
have declined acting in ¡hat capacity, and why?
Because, by the usage of the H-iuse, (a usage by
no means without exceptions,) ttie chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was uaderstood to
be politically friendly to the existing Administra-
tion; and this not being the case with himself, he
felt considerable delicacy on the subject, and ad-
vised with his friends as to what course he ought
to putsue.    They stated, and gave reasons which
had great weight with him, that he ought not to'
take the step which his private feehng-s preferred.
He also inquired of the honorable Speaker of the
House—he hoped he was not transcending the
line of propriety in adverting to this—whether he
considered him (Mr. E ) chairman of the com-
mittee, after the resignation of Mr. Wayne.  The
Speaker said it was his impression that Mr. E.
should  take the chair without  any hesitation.
But the governing principle upon his mind was,
that though not the political adherent of the pres-
ent Administration, he did happen to be whir the
I majonty of the committee on the great and all-im-
■ portant question before the country; and thus, by
: taking the place of chairman, he was not thrust-
' ing himself into an'awkward and  embarrassing
position, it devolving apon him under long parlia-
mentary usage.    Being in the majority, he saw
neither inconvenience nor impropriety in that step.
, More than this, he -thought, in the simplicity of
his heart,—and he stili thought,—that he took a
view of that subject which would have been unani-
mously sustained by the committee, and the House
likewise     With some misgivings, he would con-
fess, he did, acting under the specific advice of
tiie Chair, on the first meeting after the retirement
of Mr. Wayne, take his seat as chairman of the
committee, conceiving his right to do so, and re-
mained there until he was removed by the action
; of the committee.    He could assure the House
that no one could feel less regret than  he did on
, the subject, nor was there one who would more
cheerfully acknowledge the great merits of the
! gentleman from New York, or would more readily
¡ than himself, do his duty, with that gentleman as
I chairman,.   Mr. E. would conclude by repeating
that this matter had been introduced by his re-
spected colleague without his concurrence in the
slightest degree.
Mr. JARV1S. Mr. Speaker, this really appears
to me to be something like " much ado about
nothing." The whole amount of it is, whether a
committee has a right to elect its own chairman or
not—a point I never knew disputed before. As it
was through my instrumentality that the question
was brought up before the committee, I am willing,
perfectly Willing, to take the v/hole responsibility
upon myself, "whether for good or for evil."
My principal object is to make it known, that it
wasmy doing alone, and withoutconsuitation with
any member of the committee. I certainly wished
that it might have been done by some other gen-
tleman of ihe committee, but as none other saw
fit to do it, I deemed it proper myself to bring the
question to their decision. Indeed, sir, 1 was in
hopes that it would have been done by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts himself, but the question
having been brought up in the committee, it was
perfectly understood, nor did any difference exist,
that the first named gentleman was chairman only
by courtesy, and that the committee had the right
to elect their own chairman. I regret that this
discussion has taken place, because it is on a sub-
ject which, I had never before-heard questioned—
the «ght of a committee of this House to elect its
own chairman.
We have been told that the present chairman
was elected by a minority of the commiuee; but
thehonorable memberfrom Massachusetts labored
under a mistake when he made that assertion.
What are the facts?    The committee consists of
nine members; at the first ballot there were eight
votes thrown—four for the gentleman who is now
chairman, and three for the other gentleman from
Massachusetts,  [Mr.   Everett,]  and   one   for
another highly respectable member of the commit-
tee.    At the second ballot there were seven votes
thrown, four being a majoriiy thereof, as many
, were given in for the gentleman from New York,
: [Mr   Cambreleng,] and  he was declared duly
| elected.    Now, sir, let me ask, what is the usage
| of this House?    Do we require a majority of the
; whole body to elect an officer—not even except-
i ing  the Speaker?   No,  sir, we require only a
1 majority of a quorum; and a majority ofaquorum
' of the committee in the case under consideration
; elected their chairman.
j The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eve-
rett] gave us for a reason why he did not decline
the oiHce, that he was with the majority of the
committee in their views on the important ques-
tion befoie the country. This, sir, is news to me.
I- have attended every meeting of that committee
save one, and at that one I believe no business was
transacted of any great importance, and 1 did not
know that the gentleman was in the majoiuy— at
any rate, I knew that at the last meeting he was
in the minority on a question which he himself
brought before the committee, and his wishes
were not acceded to, by a vote of five to four. I
know not whether theie be anything in this mat-
ter requiring further observation.
The other gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] has made it a gre^t point I hat the elei tion.
of chairman of the Committee on Foreign A(l'aii3 ,
was not entered upon the Journals of the House.
Nov;, I will ask him where he will find a precedent
for it? So far from us being consistent with
established usage, as the gentleman supposes, m
my opinion, it would be atlepai ture from it. ido
hope, Mr. Speaker, that the time of the House
will not longer be taken up in so fruitless a discus-
sion.
Mr. E. EVERETT said, as the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Jarvis] had positively contradicted the
statement made by Mr. E. in regard to the division
of the committee, he would only say it was not
possible that that gentleman and himself should
differ as to a matter of fact, on a question in which
everything pertaining to it was well known to
both ! Mr. E. did not say that upon every ques-
tion agitated before the committee he was with the
majority, but only on the great and all-important
one, whether the committee would recommend to
the House a decisive measure of reprisals or hos-
tility towards France, he voted with the majority,
and that in the only question of great importance
that has taken place since the gentleman from New
York presided, Mr. E. was in the majonty, and
that gentleman in the minority.
Mr. CAMBRELENfcf said that if the gentle-
man referred to him, he could only say that he
[Mr. E.] had mistaken Mr. C.'s opinion, and
mistook the opinion of the committee. He knew
the gentleman did not design to mislead the House
nor the nation; but he would mislead both, if his
remarks were suffered to pass uncorrected. The
majority of that committee were neither in favor
of the gentleman's resolution, nor of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman before him, [Mr. Pattcn,]
nor, in other words, of one similar to that which
passed the other branch of this Legislature a few
davs ago.
Mr. POLK called for the orders of the day, but
the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. G1LLEF rose to a question of order; and,
after a few remarks on the' point by the Chair-
man,
s"
148                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________January 21,
Mr PATTON then rose and said, Mr Speaker,
as a member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and as a reference has been made to me, I
feel it my duty to say a few words on the subject
brought before us—brought before us, sir, with
out any participation of mine, but of which I take
leave in the outset to say I do not complain I
was in the minority of the committee on the*elec-
tion of chairman, and voted against the dismis-
sion and displacement of the nonorabie and dis-
tinguished member from Massachusetts, from that
position which, by usage, he occupied, and which
I saw, and can now see, no just or proper reason
why he should be removed therefrom And,
sir, I feel myself especially called upon to make
this statement, because of the remarks made
by the gentleman fiom New York, that considera-
* tions oí delicacy and propriety demanded of the
honorable member [Mr Everftt] that he should
have íettred from that situation, which reflects
as much upon my course in voting that he should
retain his position as it does upon that gentle
man
Mr CAMBRELENG disclaimed all intention
of applying his remark to the gentleman from
Virginia, or to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi Everftt ] He had referred to the former
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr Archer,] and to him alone
Mr PATTON I understood the gentleman
to say that the honoiable member fiom Massa-
chusetts should have retired from the situation
in which he stood, and in which, m my humble
judgment, he had a right to stand, fiom considera-
tions of delicacy and propriety Sir, my vote I
was given in ordei to retain him in a position I
which constituted a situation of delicacy and pro-
priety, a d I maintain that he had no just or proper
grounds for retiring fiom it, that it was an ele-
vated, an honorable, a distinguished situation to
which he had arrived in due course, and that it
devolved upon him high and important duties,
which he would have been recreant if he had
shrunk from the peiformance of That gentleman
had long been a distinguished ornament of that
committee, he was about to retire from the posi-
tion he had so honorabjy and ably sustained, he
was about to retire from Congress, and it seemed
to me to be an uncalled for, an unjust, and there-
fore an improper act, calculated to mortify his
feelings, that he should be thus displaced from
the position he had held
£ readily admit that, under oidmary circum-
stances, and at the commencement of the session,
a gentleman should be placed at the head of that
committeefnendly to the existing Admimstiution,
a committee, before which there was likely to
come on questions of deep and vital importance,
but that time had passed, the whole mattei con-
nected with the subject of our foreign lelations of
the slightest interest or importance to the country
or the House, had long been before that commit-
tee, had been deliberated upon by that committee,
and its solemn judgment given in relation to the
most prominent and important question involved
in our deliberations
Sir, I again reiterate the statement made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi Everett,]
that, as I understood the complexion of the opm
ion of the committee, there is and was a majority
concurring in the views which I understand that
honorable member to maintain m íelation to that
subject, from anything that he has offered in the
shape of action in committee, but by his concur-
rence in the action 1 had myself .proposed, and
against which there has not yet been any decisive
vote, and upon which tneie has been an expres-
sion of opinion as to its propriety fi urn a majority
of'the committee I ask, then, why it is, and
upon what principle of delicacy and propriety it'
is, that the honorable gentleman was called upon
to abandon that position, in order to place upon
that committee a gentleman understood until now
to be in the minority of the committee' It is
news to me, to use the language employed by an
honoiable member from Maine upon that com-
mittee, [Mr Jarvis,] " it is news to me," which
has just been announced by the honorable mem-
ber from New Y one—¡but most agreeable and
acceptable news to me, that there is no mernbei I
of that committee in favoi of recommending repa-
sáis at present1 I rejoice to hear it I trust it
may be proclaimed throughout the lard I am
glad to find there has undergone a change of opin '
ion, with a portion of the committee, for certain
it is that the time was that there was a consider- '
able minority of that committee, which had grown,
and which I confess I began to fear would grow
so large, as to make the majority, in favor of an
immediate and prompt lecommendatiort of repri-
sals, in conformity with the recommendation of
the President of the United States Sir, I am
glad, I am delighted to hear that such is the Etate
of things, and ! do trust that a majority of this
House will projmptly second and confirm this now
unanimous judgment of the committee, that that
recommendation shall not be carried out Trust-
ing that this feeling, so much to be rejoiced at—
that this unanimity, so much to be desired, may
be found to prevail elsewhere, as well as in the
committee, I shall, sn, if I can get permission of
the House, upon the first opportunity, present a
proposition that will enable the House to indicate
that feeling
There has been, and is now, a question before
the committee, presented for action by myself—
presented substantially three weeks ago, which
was once rejected, and ls-now postponed—post-
poned—I know not with what view—to what end
—with what design But I wish the House and
the country to understand that the delay which
has taken place, and the failure to act upon this
important subject, about which the country is so
much alive, and so anxious—one in which the
country is so deeply inteiested—one in relation to
which we have various and perpetual calls to know
what we aiegomgto do, and why we do not act—
I wish the House and the countiy to understand
that it is a delay in which I have had no participa-
tion There is no man upon that committee, no
matter of what political party—and I say it injus-
tice to those honorable'gentlemen of that commit-
tee who belong to what is called the Opposition
party—no man disposed to pass censure upon the
Admimsttation, but on the contraiy, all are dis-
posed to respond to the geneial tone of the Presi-
dent's message, as prompted by a patriotic spirit,
and a jealous regard foi the rights of the country
It is one to which the voices of the representa
Uves of the people of the United States ought to
respond, and, at the same time, avoid doing any-
thing calculated to prevent the satisfactoi y adjust- i
ment of a matter involving the interests ot the
countiy There ought to be a repo-t made at
once, so as to prevent the recunence of any new
difficulty
As to this appointment of a chairman, I feel ro
concern about it whatever. Individually, it is to
me, as I should think it must be to everybody
else, a matter of not the slightest concein who is
at the head of the committee—except as to per
sonal feeling, for any other purpose it is, indeed,
a quanel about nothing But.sn, I am perfectly
willing that the House shall decide, in some way
that shall be final, what aie the rights of the com-
mittee in relation to this subject, and whether the
appointment by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be an authoritative and valid appointment
If it be, sir, I am content, and care nothing about
it, let it stand If it be not, then, sir, I hope the
House will take it into their own hands, and elect
their own chairman, and whenever such a ques
tion is presented tome—having not seen—-not now
seeing—any ieason why a prefeience should be
drawn against the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mi Everett,] he shall have my vote
here most cordially, as he had it there
Mr CAMBRELENG extremely regretted that
he was compelled to rise again in a debate of this
character, but the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
Patton,] in repelling a  presumed  attack,  had
charged a majority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs with neglecting their duty to the House. I
When the proper time ainves for decisive action,
he trusted that the committee would not be back
ward in discharging its duty to the House, and its
obligations toihe country     He did not know that
there was any member of the committee in favor I
of proposing reprisals, or any other measure, at
this time—that there was a majority of the Cora- I
inittee, and he was authorized to state it—indeed i
the proceedings of no committee could be with- I
held from, the House—who were of opinion that
if we meant to do nothing, it was best to say
nothing Some of the members of the co-nmittee
—and he was one of that number—believed tnat
to be the most d gmfied couise lie thought it
not entirely compatible with the interest or honor
of the country, in the |iresent attitude of oui rela-
tions with France, to propose to the House a reso-
lution even of a negative or declaratory character
He was opposed, in the peculiar state of our rela-
tions, to taking any step which might be miscon-
btrued to imply a disposition on the part of the
House to do homage to " the pride of France "
Other gentlemen opposed immediate action on
other grounds The gentleman who nioved the
postponement of a resolution—similar to that
adopted by the Senate, and offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia fMr Pattok]—made the mo-
tion, believing that the most effectual way of doing
nothing, was to say nothing A majority of the
committee were decidedly opposed to any action
whatever at this time, but if the House thought
otherwise, the committee could b" instructed to
report such a resolution as the gentlemen from
Virginia and Massachusetts desned
Mr PATTON said either the gentleman from
New Yoik was very unfortunate in heanng, or I
was very unfortunate in giving expressions to
my thoughts, if he understood me as making any
attack upon the majority of the committee, or
as intending to reflect upon them 1 have rather
too much of self respect, even if I had not what
I hope I have, a pioper share of respect for this
House, and for all us oigans, to express what
I certainly d.d not feel, any disrespect to any
one of them But the committees of this House
are agents of this House, and undei its control,
and in the House, when the proper occasion shall
arrive, I will say exactly when, and in what, and
how far I differ in opinion with the majority of
the committee I disagree to the conectness,and
policy, and wisdom cf the course pursued bythat
majority, and I have indicated as much there 1
deny the right of that committee to prevent the
House from expressing its opinion upon matters
which are matured for us judgment, because the
committee do not choose to express theirs We
are now nearly at the close of the second month of
this short session of three months, and this matter
has been before us, befoie the House, and before
the whole country, for upwards of six weeks, and
will any man upon that committee, or in the
House, say thit he has not formed his judgment
upon these matters'
Mr BOON here rose to a question of order, and
after some conversation thereon by the CHAIR,
Messrs BOON, J Q. ADAMS, POLK, and
BR1GGS,
Mr PATTON proceeded He was aware that
his remarks were not strictly relevant to the mo-
tion before the House, but the remaiks made by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fo,(
eign Relations had drawn him into a widei range
than he had intended He had merely to add, that
he conceived as soon as a committee had formed
an opinion upon a subject matter before it, it >vas
its duty to present it to the House
Mr COULTER said, in his opinion, the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Ad
ams] was strictly parliamentary, and called for
by the condition of the Committee on Foieign
Affairs It was very true that in some old books
upon par''amentary law, it was stated, that al-
though by usage and courtesy the fiist named on
the committee was the chairman of thatcommittee,
yet it was nevertheless in the power of that com-
mittee to constitute its own chairman, but Mr C
knew of no instance in which this practice had
been observed Fie thought, also, that in case of
resignation of thefirst named individual, the second
on the list of the committee became chairman, that
lule being equivalent to, and commensurate with,
the other lheiefore it was that when a com-
mittee was announced, at the commencement or
at any other period of the session, it was well
known to the House and to the country who was
the chairman of the same But if the committee
undertook to exercise the power which this old
rule seemed to confer upon them, it must became
necessary so to inform the House, so that it might
be entered on the Journals, and become generally
1835.
known The motion under consideration wasdue
to the House and due to the gentleman from New
York, and Mr C could perceive no objection in
adopting it. He would also state further, that the
question of the committee's right to elect a chair-
man was discussed there, and assented to unani-
mously They proceeded to an election, and the
former chairman [Mr. Everett] himself an-
nounced to the gentleman from New York that he
was duly elected Mr C must respond to the
gentleman from Virginia that it was a matter of
no consequence further than as related to personal
feelings, and he would say that a deep wound
had been inflicted upon his own, but that was not
a matter for the House When the question
came up in its proper shape, he should be pre-
pared to give the House the views he entertained
upon it
Mr ARCHER obtained the floor, but yielded
it at the request of
Mr JARV1S, who said- Mr Speaker, I should
not have thought of addressing the House again
upon this subject, were it not for some observa-
tions which fellfrom the gentleman from Virginia,
who is one of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
with myself. The gentleman made an attack upon
me, and upon the majority of that committee, in
giving his reasons for voting as he did. I under-
stood the gentleman to say he voted as he did,
because he considered it wou d be a violation of
delicacy and propriety to vote otherwise
Mr. PATTON disclaimed "having used such
language, and explained
Mr JARVIS The gentleman, however, did
use the words "uncalled for," "unjust," and
" improper," in reference to this subject. Now,
sir, a majority of the committee do not seem to
think it was "uncalled for," because the ques-
tion,on going into the election of a chairman, was
unanimous. That it was neither "unjust" nor
"improper," in their opinion, may be inferred
from the course taken by the committee, and I
will state id a few words what it was that actuated
me. I consider that the chairman of the various
committees of this House ought to be men in a
certain degree in confidential relation with the
executive branches of the Government, or at least
such as the latter may enter Into confidential rela-
tions with. I conceive that the chairman of a
committee ought not to be a man who has shown
frota first to last an unrelenting hostility to the
Administration, and who, on every occasion, has
endeavored to thwart it The gentleman from
Virginia, with his very delicate notions, may think
it pioper and right to embarrass the Administra-
tion Dy electing such a chairman, I do not think
so. The gentleman has said, that if this election
should come on m this Houie, he should again
vote for the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr
Everett] as chairman of the committee I am
very glad to know beforehand how that gentle-
man intends to vote The gentleman says that a j
majority concurred with the honorable member
from Massachusetts Here is a point of fact upon ,
which we are distinctly at issue, for I repeat it j|
was not so There were two distinct questions j
brought before the commiuee, and both of them I,
voted down On the first question the gentleman \<
fiom Massachusetts and the gentleman from Vir- |
gima voted in the majority, on the second ques-i
tioi they voted in the minority Sir, I voted
against both pioposmons I voted against the
first because I thought that at the present time
it went rathei too fai, and I voted against the
second because it did not go far enough—neither
of them met my views of policy, but if 1 had been
obliged to determine between them, I should have
certainly piefened the epigram of the President
to the madngal of ti e gentleman fiom Virginia.
This latter gentleman broiijht his proposition a
second lirae before the committee, and it «ras post-
poned, "it was the opinion of tne committee that
if we intended to do nothing, the propel couise
would be to say nothing, and not issue a leport to
the world which should enable the disaffected to
rn-ske it speak any language they thought proper
Si>-, t am \eiy glad to'hear from tnit gentleman
that it was not the intention of ary one on the
committee to do otherwise than respond to the
sentiments embiaced in the Piesident's message
1 am vei y happy to hear it, though I did not know
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
that was the case; for I thought there was a dis-
position to gue us something of the " milk and
water" kind, which I believe the President has not
been in the habit of giving us. The gentleman
seemed to think that it was proper in the begin-
ning of the session to have a chairman of the com-
mittee thinking with the Administration, but he
seemed to think it proper in the middle of the ses-
sion to have one who thought entirely different
from the Administration. What kind of a chair-
man the gentleman would wish to have at the end
of it, we do not know.
Mr PATTON Not such a chairman as the
gentleman from Maine would make, at any period
of the session. There is one remark made by that
gentleman, to which I beg leaveto say a few words
in reply. He says, or seems to say, or seems to
wish it to be understood that he supposes that I
desire the appointment of a chairman wljo would
throw embarrassment in the way of the Admin-
istration and for that end Sir, events are too
recent in the knowledge of this House and of this
Congress, to give any point to such an imputation
as that 1 stood here during the last session, in a
position, and pursued a course, which will pre-
vent any insinuation of that sort from having any
weight here or elsewhere. Sir, I stood here in
vindication of this Administration from assaults
of the most violent character, in opposition to
two-thirds of the Legislature of my native State.
I made that vindication undercircumstances which
I knew at the time involved great personal sacri-
fices; I regarded all but "as dust in the balance"
in the discharge of my public duty
Mr Speaker, 1 have never stood here, nor ever
will stand here, as long as those who send me
shall continue to honor me with their confidence,
either to throw embarrassment in the way of any
Administration, or to comply with base subservi-
ency to all the edicts of this or any Administration.
In the performance of my duty on this floor, I
care not who or what the Administration are. I
come here to represent the people who sent me
here, to sustain their rights and interests, and to
vindicate the Constitution of my country from
assaults made upon it, whether they come from the
Administration orareaimed atthe Administration
Sir, I think in general it was best that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, as of
most of the committees of this House, should
concur, in general political sentiment, with the
majority of the House, and especially that that
should be the case in relation to so important a
one as the committee in question, because the
chairman of that committee is supposed, by usage
of the House, and perhaps by propriety itself, to
be on terms of more confidential intercourse and
communication with the Secretary of Foreign Af-
fairs, who might make his communications through
a gentleman who stood in that political relation.
But tms is a matter of little importance. [ saw
no necessity for cashiering our chairman. Al-
though that gentleman is a political opponent of
the Administration, I presume he is so conscien-
tiously—and it gives me pleasure to say, that so
far as I know, or have seen, he has conducted
himself in opposition with the dignity and bpint of
a gentleman. I did think, and do now think, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts, as far as I could
ascertain his views, did corcur m opinion with a
majority of the committee
The gentleman from Maine has undertaken to
throw out anothei remark, which I suppose he
considers witty and sarcastic. But he should
bear m mind, that wit and sarcasm are always
pointless unless sharpened by truth I ask, what
ground is there for the giatuitous and insolent
insinuation------•
The CHAIR here interposed and called the
gentleman to order
Mr PATTON     For the insinuation that my
opinions can never be known till I have voted   A
frank disclosure of my opinions  upon political
questions has been my misfortune     It is nota   |
fault   1 have net ei waited, as some politicians do,
toseewhiuh way the wind blows, for God knows ¡j
I ara ahta>t, willing to give a free and frank ex-
pression of my sentiments    It would befoitunate,  |
perhaps, if we couid know what some gentlemen's
opinions were even afta theyhal toted, for since
we are giving toe experience of the committee u
upon this subject, it may not be amiss, perhaps,
to remind the gentleman from Maine, that he was
one of those who voted against the recommenda-
tion for reprisals, when the question was first put,
and he himselfafterwards moved to reconsider that
tote. Whether that reconsideration was prompted
by a change of opinion or not, I confess I have
no means of knowing, except from the gentleman
from NewYoik, who informs us that the com-
mittee are unanimous that there ought to be no
reprisals Now, except as far as we can judge
from thevotes which thegentlemanhas given,and
from information derived from the gentleman
from New York, the gentleman from Mame left
us at a loss to know what his opinion was when
ne first voted, and what his opinion may be now.
I regret that anything of a personal character
should have been brought into this discussion;
and before I sit down, I beg leave to discharge
myself fiom any imputation of having, in the
slightest degree, any intention of making any re-
flection whatsoever upon the committee I stated
this explicitly at the outset of my remarks They
have precisely the same right to their opinion as
i I have to mine, and I have precisely the same
right to my own opinions that they haveto theirs
I intended no reflection upon them. I again,
however, repeat that I do not concur with the
committee m their course, which I think was cal-
culated to inflict a wound on the feelings of, and
an unmerited reflection upon, the gentleman from
Massachusetts. If those who voted in the ma-
jority did not think so m carrying out then view,
they had so expressed their opinion.
Mr ARCHER rose and said, he had not, thus
far, taken any part in this discussion, which had
taken a wide and unparalleled range; but circum-
stances seemed to call upon him for the expres-
sion of his opinion on some of the points which
it involved. He would ask if any such office or
officer as "chairman of the committee," was
known or recognised by the House? He believed
not. It was the whole committee to which the
House looked as one of its instruments or agents.
Put the question on the strongest possibleground:
suppose a committee to be constituted in theusual
manner, of which the gentleman first named is
considered, by usage, the chairman. Suppose the
committee to displace that individual, and elect
another Would it be contended that it was not
competent for them to do so' Again it being
known that the duties of the chairman of a com-
mittee were much more onerous than those of any
other member, suppose they should come to the
humane conclusion that it was unfair to impose all
those duties on one individual, and should agree
that they should be performed consecutively by
all the members of the committee, each individual
taking his regular turn in the chair, would any
one on that floor contend that it was not compe-
tent for them to do so' But when there was a
removal of the head of the committee from his
station, as was the case in the present instance,
by the transfer of his esteemed friend from Geor-
gia [Mr. Wayne] to another sphere of action,
what was the evident and obvious course for the
committee to pursue' Precisely what it had done
—to proceed to the election of another chairman.
They had a right to do so, and they had done it.
That House had no cognizance of the acti and
doings of committees further than they weie
reported to it.
Mr. A. said, gentlemen were mistaken when
they averred that no precedent existed on this sub-
ject. Such a precedent did exist. He could not
determine positively the year in which it occurred;
but he distinctly remembered that a foimer col-
league of his, (the late Mr Randolph,) in conse-
quence of some change m the political relations of
the country, was, by oneimpoitant standing com-
mittee of the House, in consequence of the occur-
rence of a vacancy, elected as their chairman.
When you appoint a committee, you constitute
an organ capable of making its own subordinate
regulations. Mr A. said, he admitted with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Coulter] that
it w as incumbent on tl e committee i n this case, as
that did in the case oí the late Mr Randolph, to
repoi t the fact of the election to the House Had
they done so, it would htfve superseded the neces-
sity of this debate.   It was still competent for
150                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          January 21,
them to do bo, and he'suggested to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] the propriety
of withdrawing his motion, in order to give the
committee an opportunity to take this course.
Mr. ADAMS said, it would give him pleasure
to gratify the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Archer,] if he could, by that course, attain his
object. But he could not consent to withdraw his
motion untii he could ascertain who was the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Aifairs. The
gentleman from New York himself, [Mr. Cam-
breleng,] had admitted that he received only four
votes, which was a minority of the committee.
Mr. A. said, he had made a motion to that effect,
and he wished to see it recorded on the Journal
of the House, that Edward Everett, of Massa-
chusetts, or Churchill C. Cambreleng, of New
York, was chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. A. continued. When he first rose he had
distinctly stated that his object in rising was to
propound a question to the chairman of that com-
mittee. It became necessary for him, first to as-
certain who that chairman was. Hence this inqui-
ry. The subject on which he desired to propound
hisquestion, was the very important one so often
alluded to in this debate. It related to our affairs
with France—that part of the President's mes-
sage being referred to that committee. He wished
to know what that committee had done—what it
was doing—and what it intended to do in relation
ihereto. But he was now unable to put thatques-
tion. The gentleman from Virginia had said that
every member of a committee could be its chair-
man—sometimesoneand sometimesanother. He
knew no such rule or practice.
Mr. ARCHER explained. He had-said that it
was competent for committees to elect their own
chairman, and he read Jefferson's Manual to that
effect. In standing committees the gentleman
first named thereon was considered as the chair-
man by courtesy, and discharged the duties ac-
coidingly.
Mr. ADAMS resumed. Such was not the rule
of that House, and no such usa^e having obtained
there, he had two objections to it. First, the
displacement of a chairman was, he would not
say an insult to the individual holding the station,
but it evidently conveyed a censure on his con-
duct or opinions. Secondly, it was calculated to
display an improper, dishonorable,and degiading
subserviency on the part of that House towards-
the Executive or Administration. This doctrine
was entirely new to him, and he thought it due to
the dignity and honor of" that llouse to repudiate
it. He asked where was the rule by which com-
mittees of that llouse were to be made to coincide
in and support all the views oí the Administra-
tion, especially when those views involved the
great questions of peace and war? He knew of
none—but he well knew of instances where a con-
trary practice had obtained. Mr. A. said that
during the administration of Mr. Monroe, when
he was himself at the head of the Department of
State, the individual placed by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives as chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, was not only
decidedly hostile to the Administiation, but him-
self and that individual were not then on speaking
terms. These facts, Mr. A. said, the Speaker at
that time knew, but he had never entertained an
idea of complaining that the Speaker had done in-
justice to the Administration in the selection. The
business between the department and the com-
mittee was as well transacted through the medium
of other individuals. Mr. A. asked what must be
the result of this principle, if carried out and per-
sisted in? Evidently to place that House at the
feet of the Executive.
Mr. ARCHER said thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] was correct in point of
fact. The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs had been opposed to the Administration,
prior to his own appointment to that station.
Mr. ADAMS was glad to hear the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Archer] confirm the asser-
tion. Fur his own purt, he knew the fact. This*
new principle, he contended, was a most danger-
ous one—calculated to prostrate that House before
executive domination. He wished it to be distinctly
understood that he made no personal objection
to the honorable member from New York. Let
the chairman be ever so much a friend of the
Administration, it constituted no objection: but it
was the rule that he must be of such particular
political complexion, which he denounced as odi-
ous and inadmissible. He would havethat House,
in point of fact, as it was in name, one of the most
dignified bodies on the face of the globe. He
wovild have its committees appointed, neither with
a view to their opposition or adhesion to any
Administration.
Mr. A. said, before he sat down, he felt that he*
ought to confirm the remark made by his honora-
ble colleague, [Mr. E. Everett,] by stating that
he had brought this subject before the House,
without any recommendation or concurrence on
his [Mr. E.'s'] part, but rather in opposition to
that gentleman's wishes. I had determined, (said
Mr. A.,).as soon as I heard—not from him, for
it was common rumor—of the change in the head
of the committee, to have the subject investigated. ,
And when I reflected that the individual whose
rights and feelings were more particularly impli-
cated, was my colleague and friend, I came to the
conclusion that it became peculiarly my duty to
bring it before the House. I have accordingly
done so. Mr. A. said he still adhered to the opin-
ion, that the four votes given for the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cambreleng] were insuffi-
cient to elect him. He would be perfectly satis-
fied, however, if the llouse would insert the name
of the chairman of that committee on the Journal
He knew not how else to get over the matter. He
said he would conclude by repeating that when he
could ascertain officially who was the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs,he had a ques-
tion to put to him.
Mr. LANE said he had not been able to com-
prehend the object of the distinguished member
from Massachusettts, [Mr. Adams.] He admits
the Committee on Foreign Relations have selected
a chairman. And the object of the motion, as
avowed by the mover, is not to set aside that elec-
tion, but to place the fact upon the Journal of the
House.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Archer] requests his friend to withdraw the. mo-
tion, that the committee may report, which will
place the House in the possession of all the gen-
tleman desires. To this request, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] responds that
he will not withdraw the motion from the House,
because he is not informed who the chairman of
that committee is; that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] was not elected by a
majority of the votes of the committee; that four
votes did not constitute a majority of nine; that,
by the usage of the House, his honorable friend
and colleague [Mr. Everett] was the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts seems
to have forgotten the fact that, upon the ballot by
which the chairman claims to have been elected,'
but seven votes were cast, and that/ow is a major-
ity of seven. The gentleman is eloquentupon the
rights of the majority, and says they have been
disregarded.
Mr. Speaker, that the mnjority ought, in all
cases, to prevail, is a sentiment as deniocratical as
it is patiiotic; and it is a subject of national gratu-
lation to hear it acknowledged even at this late
period of our political history, by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ]
But, sir, while the sentiment is praiseworthy, for
some individuals to invoke a discussion would be
delicate, if not embairassmg. The day has been
when a different piinciple was not only held, but
prevailed m this House—when the minority forced
for the biief period of/our years, a chairman of a
committee constituted of the entire American peo-
ple—a day when the voice of fifteen times forty
thousand freemen was disregarded—a day when
by management,ana by means of which it becomes
us not to speak, eighty four was made to prevail
over ninety-nine.
Sir, (said Mr. L.,) the day has already been
spent in, it is true, an interesting, but in some
respects an unpleasant debate. The time of this
House is the time and the money of the people.
To spend it without any visible or valuable object,
is a sacrifice of the public interest.    To bring it l
to a close, Mr. Speaker, I move you to lay the
motion upon the table.
On this motion, Mr. REED called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. JARVIS appealed to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Lane] to withdraw his motion for
one moment, as he was desirous of making a
single remark on a point implicating his own per-
sonal feelings.
After some hesitation, Mr. LANE withdrew
his motion to lay the subject on the table, on
receiving the pledge of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Jarvis] that he would renew it.
Mr. JARVIS then said the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Patton,] with whom he had ever
been on terms of the most friendly intercourse,
in the progress of his remarks, and in the heat of
debate, had suffered an expression to escape him
which was at least unparliamentary, and he hoped
—indeed he had no doubt, ou cooler reflection, he
, would not hesitate to qualify or retract-------
The SPEAKER'here interposed and stated, that
for the expression alluded to, the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Patton] was called to order by the
Chair, and the Chair had considered it as retracted
by the manner in which that gentleman imme-
diately qualified it.
Mr. JARVIS said, under these circumstances,
he had not another word to add.
Mr. PATTON rose and said he had not retracted
his expression, nor .did he consider itas retracted,
while------
The SPEAKER again repeated that he had so
considered it. He could countenance no such
debate.
Mr. JARVIS, according to his promise, here
renewed the motion of Mr. Lane to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Messrs. ARCflER and ADAMS rose together,
appealing for withdrawal of the motion.
Mr. POLK rose to a question order—the mo-
tion not being debatable.
Mr. JARVIS replied, that the motion belonged
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] and
could not be withdrawn without his consent.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion of Mr. Lane, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John J. Allen, William Allen,
Anthony, Beale, Bean, Blair, Bockee, Boon,
Bouldin, Brown, Burns, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chaney, S. Clark, Coffee, Connor, Cramer, Day,
P. Dickerson, D. W. Dickinson. Dunlap, Ferris,
Fowler, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet,
Gilmer, Graham, Grayson, Joseph Hall,Thomas
H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Joseph M. Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Hen-
derson, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Inge,
Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson,
B.  Jones, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, La-
porte, Lea, T. Lee, Loyall, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah
Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, John Y. Mason,
Moses Mason, May, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,
McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Robert
Mitchell, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Osgood, Parks,
Parker, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Peyton,
Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Pmckney, Plummer,
Polk, Pope, Ramsay, Reynolds, Schenck, Schley,
Augustus H. Shepperd, Shinn, Smith, Speight,
Standifer, Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Thomson, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Wege-
ner, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, Whallon,White
—109.
NAYS—Messrs. J. a. Adams, Heman Allen,
C.  Allan, Archer, Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Barrin-
ger, Bates, Baylies, Beatty, Binney, Briggs, Burd,
Burges, Bynum, Cage, Chambers, Chilton, Clai-
borne, Wm. Clark, Clayton, Ciowney, Coulter,
Crane, Darlington, Amos Davis, Davenport, De-
berry, Denny, Dickson, Evans, Horace Everett,
Ewing, Felder, Fillmore, Foster, Philo G. Fuller,
Gamble, Gholson, Gordon, Gorham, Grennell,
Griffiii, Hiland H. Hall,Hannegan,Hard,Hardin,
James Harper,' Hazeltme, Heath, Hiester, Wil-
liam Jacks.on, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes, William
Cost Johnson, Henry Johnson, King, Lay,
Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Lucas, Manning,
Martindale, Maishall, McComas, McKennan,
Mercer, Milligan, Miner,Moore, Patton, Phillips,
Pickens, Potts, Reed, Rencher, Robertson, Wil-
liam B. Shepard, Slade, Sloane, Spangler, Steele,
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Í5Í
William P Taylor, Tompkins, Trumbull, Tur-
ner, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Fred-
erick Whittlesey, Williams, Wilson, Young—97
So the House decided to lay the motion of Mr.
Adams on the table.
Mr. MERCER Ihen rose and said he had, in
common with the whole House, regretted to wit-
ness a personal misundeistandmg (the first that
had occurred during the present session) between
two of its respected members. In thus alluding to
the sub]ect, Mr M said, he acted as the friend of
both those honorable individuals He had dis-,
tinctly heard his. colleague [Mr. Patton] make
the remark that he could not retract his expression
while the language of the genjjeman from Maine
[Mr Jirvis] remained in fulITorce Believing,
ashe(VIr Ai ) leally did, that no personal disre-
spect was intended by the gentleman trom Maine
towards his colleague, he had%ought and obtained
assurance of that fact Those honorable gentle-
men wee now fully reconciled, and he was happy
to be the organ to announce that intelligence to the
House
On motion of Mr. MERCER, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 22, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs TYLER, BLACK, and LEIGH.
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN rose, after the read-
ing of the Journal, to make a correction which he
obseived two of the newspapers of the day had
fallen into, in their repoitof his remarks upon
the presentation of the Cherokee memorial yes-
terday. He was represented as having said that
the Cherokees prooosed to cede all their lands m
Geo'gia to the Government of the United States.
In this particular he was misapprehended. They
proposed only to cede all those lands which were
not needed for then personal use and enjoyment,
the rest to be secuted to them absolutely, togethei
* with eqnal political privileges with other citizens
óf Georgia.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE SECRETARY OF
THE TREASURY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secietary of the
Treasury, made in obedience to aiesolutionof the
Senate, transmitting a statement of the progress
which had been made in the preparation of maps
of certain States, required to be prepared by a
resolution of 28th February, 1823
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES..
Mr LEIGH, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary CLims,maae an unfavoiable report upon
the petition ot Colonel Vivion Blocking
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on
Finance, to wnich the same lad been leferred,
reported the bill from the House of Represent
atives, making appropriations for the Indian de-
partment for the year 1835
Also, the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year lb35
Mr WEBSTER moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the c msideration of these bills; which was
agreed to, and the first named was then considered
as in Committee of the Whole
M- HENDRICKS objected to a clause in the
bill appropriating ¡¡,81,300 for thejpay of one hun-
dred and six supernumerary lieutenants,graduates
of the Militaiy Academy, and asked some expla-
nation relative to this item from the chairman of
the Fmanie Committee.
Mr WEBSTER said he thought there was no
approDiiation in me lull but what was authoi zed
by existing laws He supposed these supernu-
meraries weie attached to the Army
Mi WRIGHT 3u «jested that the item was in
the bill because these lieutenants weie attached to
the Army and ready for duty
Mr WEBSTER s«d he would not press the
bill a¿ this time, unless gentlemen weie sat.sfred
of the correctness of it
On h.  motion, the bill was then hid on the
table
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year 1835 was read a second
time as in Committee of the Whole, and oidered
to be engrossed for a third leading
The following resolutions were submitted bv
Mr. SOUTHARD-                                           '
I     Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Library be
( instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing the copies of Watterston & Van Zandt's
, " Continuation of the Tabular Statistical Views
of the United States," which remain unsold of the
edition, for the use of Congress.
I Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire imo the expediency of
making an appropriation to deepen the bar of
Pensacola bay, in Florida, so as to admit vessels
of war of the largest class to the United States
navy-yard estabhsned there.
Mr   SOUTHARD,  from  the  Committee on
Naval Affairs, made unfavorable reports upon the
petitions of Captain Drinker and Samuel Martin
Mr LINN.fromtheCommitteeonPnvateLand
Claims, to which was referred a bill confirming
the title of Joseph Sovin, alias La Rochelle, and
those claiming under him, to a tract of land in
Missouri, reported the same without amendment
The bill was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. HENDRICKS, was taken up, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to mqune into the expediency of
fixing by law the time of the commencement and
close of evei y succeeding session of Congress.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for certain fortifications
for the year 1835, was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading
Mr KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, made an unfavorable report
upon the petition of Somerville Pmckney.
The bill for the relief of William O'Neil was
read the second time and referred.
SENATE BILLS PASSED.
I     The following Senate bills were read the third
time and passed:
I     A bill for the relief of the heirs or legal íepre
sentatives of Colonel John Hudry, deceased,
A bill authorizing the construction of a railroad
from the public grounds near Tallahassee to St.
Marks, ¡n Florida,
I     A bill for the relief of the heirs of General
Carera,
A bill for the relief of William Pettiplace and
--------• White, legal  representatives  of Joseph
White, deceased,
A bill to improve the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, in the vicinity of St Louis,
■     A bill authorizing the removal of the land office
from Clinton to Jackson, in Mississippi;
A bill for the completion of certain improve-
ments in Florida,
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Magruder, of
Mississippi, and
A bill to improve the harbor at or near the
mouth of the river Raisin
UMTED   STATES  CLAIM ON BANK OF ILLI-
NOIS.
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported a bill authoring the Secretary of the
Tieasury to compromise the claim of the United
States upon the bank of Illinois, which was read
the fiist time, and ordered to a second reading
THOMAS COOPER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr PRESTON, puisuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill for the relief of
Thomas Cooper, of South Carotina, which was
read twice, and refeiredto the Judiciary Commit-
tee
[This bill pioposes to refund to Doctor Cooper
the sum oí §400, with inteiest ftom the year 1798,
being the amount of a fine imposed upon him,
under the old alien and sedition laws ]
HOUSE BILLS PASSED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives acre lend a third time and passed'
A  bill to piowde for the final adjustment of
i claims to land m the State of Louisiana;
The joint reso ution requiring the statues exe-
cuted by Pérsico to be placed in the niches in
front oí the Capitol, for which they were de-
signed;
A bill making appropriations for the current
expenses of the Indian department for the vear
1835;
A resolution authorizing a gold medal to be
struck and presented to Colonel Croghan, and
swords to the officers who were under his com-
mand, for their gallant conduct at Fort Sandusky,
duung the late war.
The bill making compensation for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800, came up as the special order,
and,
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, it was postponed
to, and made the special order for, Monday next.
Mr CLAY rose and said, that in consequence
of the indisposition of several Senators who were
absent, he would not make the motion which he
intended yesterday to make to day, to go into
the consideration of executive business
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of David Brooks; which was read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the relief of J. B. O'Strouder was
taken up for consideration, and,
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, indefinitely
postponed.
The Senate then proceeded to the general orders
of the day, and the following bills were read a
second time, considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading:
A bill for the relief of William Clark;
A resolution for the relief of John S. Stiles; and
A bill for the reliaf of Samuel S. Lord and
others.
A bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay was considered on second reading as
in Committee of the Whole, when some remarks
were made by Mr HENDRICKS and Mr. TOM-
LINSON in favor, and by Mr HILL and Mr.
WRIGHT in opposition to the bill, when, .
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was laid on
the table.
The bill granting military bounty land scrip to
the hens of Nathaniel Tyler, deceased, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and after
some remarks by Mr. CLAY, Mr LEIGH, and
.Mr. POINDEXTER, the bill,
On motion of Mr. CLAY, was laid on the table,
On motion of Mr HILL, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 22, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Mr PLUMMER, of Mississippi,
Mr PARKER, of New Jersey,
Mr GORHAM, of Massachusetts;
Mr. TOMPKINS, of Kentucky,
Mr CHINN, of Virginia;
Mr. MAY, of Illinois,
Mr K1NNARD, of Indiana;
[Mi Kinnakd presented the petition of William
Bowman, of Morgan county, Indiana, praying the
correction of certain errors m the entry of land ]
Mr  WHITE, of Florida;
Mr SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mr GRAYSON, of Sou'h Carolina; and
Mr GiLLET.ofNew York
Which memonals and petitions were appropri-
ately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
.Mr THOMSON,from theCommitteeon Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Drs.
Findley and Meade, which was read twice and
committed
Mr CLAY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill supplementary to the act
ie\iving the act granting preemption rights to set-
tlers on the public lands, approved May 29,1830;
which was read twice and postponed to the first
of February.
Mr  BOON, from the Committee on the Public
\ Lands, repotted a bill granting school lands to
fractional townships, which was read twice and
committed
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicary, reported a bill to authorize letters patent
to be issued to Francis B Ogden, which was read
twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
152                                    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____                  January 22.
diciary, reported the following resolutions; which
were agreed to:
Resolved, That a communication, with the ac-
companying document, from the Secretary of the
Treasury to the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, dated 31st December last, on the subject of
the proposed discharge of Joseph ¡L. Dias from a
judgment obtained by the United States against
him in the southern district of New York, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to consider and report thereon.
Resolved, That the communication from the Sec-
retary of State to the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee of the 15th January instant, relative to
the punishmentof consuls and commercial agents,
and also relative to the commission of frauds in
obtaining patents for inventions for which patents
have already been obtained, be referred to the
Judiciary Committee, with instructions to con-
sider and report on the several subjects introduced
in said communication.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to confirm private land
claims in "Missouri; which was read twice and
committed.
On motion of Mr. A., the documents on this
subject not heretofore published were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. INGE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the settlement
of the claims of deputy surveyors who have sur-
veyed Spanish land claims in Florida; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. INGE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James M. Tuttle; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
. Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the sittings
of the .United States district courts for the eastern
and western districts of Tennessee; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Messrs. BANKS, SLADE, PULTON, FOS-
TER, CLAYTON, YOUNG, and INGE, each
made unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c,
referred to their respective committees.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, moved that said committee be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Chad Miller, and that said petition be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion prevailed, and the petition was so
referred.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. TUR-
RfLL, was, on his motion, taken up, modified,
and adopted.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. PINCKNEY, was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested (if not inconsistent in his opin-
ion with the public interest) to communicate to
this House any correspondence that may have
taken place between the Government and that of
Spain respecting the act of Congress, passed on
the 30th day of June, 1834, entitled " An act con-
cerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels;" and
also any information in his possession going to
show whether there is any prospect that thecom-
merce of the United States with the Island of
Porto Rico, will hereafter be regulated upon prin-
ciples of reciprocity, or whether it is in contem-
plation by the Spanish authorities to increase or
reduce the discriminating duties of tonnage, and
the discriminating duties on imports and exports
now levied on A menean vessels and on American
merchandize and produce.
On motion of Mr. KINNARD:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of allowing William Bowman, of Morgan county,
Indiana, to relinquish to the United States certain
lands erroneously entered at the land office at
Crawfordsville, and to enter certain other lands in
lieu thereof, as shown by hia petition and the
papers on file in the office of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Mr. BOON" moved to suspend the rule of the
House for the purpose of calling the States for
resolutions; which was lost.
COMPENSATION TO INVESTIGATING COM-
MITTEE.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Contin-
gent Expenses of the House be directed to audit
the accounts of the members of the committee
appointed by the House of Representatives on the
26th day of June last, for investigating the condi-
tion and proceedings of the Post Office Depart-
ment, at the rate of compensation paid to the
committee for preparing a code of laws for the
District of Columbia, of which Philip Doddridge,
Esq., was chairman, viz: eight dollars per day
during the recess, without any other allowance.
When the r^olution was last before the House,
the following amendment was proposed by Mr.
MANN, of New York:
Strike out all after the word resolved, and insert:
" That the Committee on Accounts of this House
' be directed to audit the accounts of the members
' of the committee appointed by this House on the
'26th day of June last, for investigating the con-
' dition and proceedings of the Post Office Depart-
' rnent, and allow each member of such committee
'at the rate of eight dollars per day (including a
' reasonable time for their travelling respectively
' to the seat of Government) during the time they
' have actually been engaged at the Post Office De-
'partmentjUp to the commencement of the present
'session."
To which latter proposition Mr. GILLET
moved the following amendment:
" And that those who came to Washington on
' said business, and returned home before the
' commencement of the present session of Con-
'gress, he allowed their extra travel and their per
'diem allowance "while attending on said commit-
' tee, and no more."
Mr. LANE said he had been surprised to hear
a difference of opinion expressed by honorable
members of the House upon the subject of com-
pensating the committees appointed at the last
session to investigate the Post Office Department
in the recess of Congress. That to his mind a
plainer proposition could not be presented to the
human understanding for decision. The commit-
tee are members of this House; as such they were
appointed to perform duties properly belonging to
this House; as such will be their report; and as
such ought to be their pay. This admitted, and
the question is determined. Suppose Congress
had adjourned to meet in October. The travel
and the pay would have been the same, except
the per diem from October to the 1st Monday in
December. Will any gentleman attempt to dis-
tinguish the one from the other. The committee
convened in October and continued their labors
until the meeting of Congress. To pay them $8
per day from the time they respectively entered
upon the duties assigned them, to the first Mon-
day in October, is to pay them as members of
Congress—all they have a right to expect, all they i
deserve, and all this House has the power under j
the law to allow. The members of this commit- ;
tee, like every other member of this Hou<¡e, re- j
ceived their travelling pay to and from this capital,
before or at the close of the last session. They j
will now, if not already done, draw their pay a
second time.
And is there an honorable gentleman on .this
floor who really believes the members of this
committee will have necessarily travelled the road
to and from their respective places of residence
more than four times i i f not, for this they have
or will receive eight dollars for every twenty
miles; to pay them more, would be to pay them
for travelling expenses never incurred; to pay
them other than for every day they have devoted
to the public interest as members of the commit-
tee, would be to pay them for services never
rendered. His honorable friend upon the right,
from Kentucky, [Mr. Johnson,] had said, he
would pay the committee from the close of the
last to the commencement of the present session.
That his constituents were intelligent, patriotic,
and bold, and would sustain him in rewarding the-
public servants generously.
Mr. L. said while he fully acquiesced  in the
praises his friend from Kentucky [Colonel John-  |
son] had been pleased to bestow upon hiscooaut- i
uents, he felt justified in claiming for himself the
honor of representing a people equally intelligent,
patriotic, and bold, and at the same time more
enterprising and industrious. That while he has
no doubt they would sustain him in patronizing a
just and adequate compensation to every public
servant, he should consider he was paying a poor
compliment to their intelligence and patriotism,
could he entertain, much less express, the belief
they would, or ought to sustain him, should he
vote for paying any one in or out of this House for
travelling expenses never incurred, for services
never performed, or for time in no wise devoted
to the public interest. Pay the'eommittee like
every other member in the House, eight dollars
for every twenty mStes coming to and returning
from this city, at each session, and for each day,
upon the committee, or in this House, and no
more. For that punpose he sent an amendment
to the chair.
The amendment of Mr. LANE was then read
as follows:
Strike out all after the word department, and
insert:
" Byallowing to each member of said committee
' eight dollars per day, from the time said commit-
' tes met at Washington, until the commencement
' of the present session."
Mr. MANN, of New York, was willing to ac-
ceptthepropositionofthegentleman from Indiana.
The amendments proposed by Messrs. MANN
and GILLET were negatived.
The question recurring upon Mr. LANE'S
amendment,
Mr. PARKER moved to amend it by adding "the
usual allowance of mileage to Washington city."
Mr. PARKER was of opinion that the mem-
bers of this committee should receive something
beyond the ordinary allowance. They were com-
pelled to leave their business at home unattended
to. There were members residing at a distance,
particularly in the South, who, as a matter of
choice, remained in this neighborhood, and who
did not go home at the close of the session, who
were nevertheless paid their mileage. The Post
Office Committee were here in the recess by the
direction of the House. Their duties were ardu-
ous, and he hoped that the amendment submitted
by him would prevail.
Mr. LANE suggested that the members of this
committee, asa matter of course, would receive
the usual allowance for mileage. He was opposed
to giving them double the amountprovided bylaw.
Mr. PARKER'S amendment-was disagreed to.
Mr. BEAUMONT moved to amend theamend-
ment of Mr. LANE, by adding the words " and
no more;" which was negatived.
The amendment submitted by Mr. LANE was
then concurred in, and thus amended, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. McCARTY, was again taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to this House copies of
all letters and correspondence of all Indian agents
and sub-agents, and other persons connected with
the Indian department, now in the Executive or
War Department, or in the office of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, connected with
or relative to the survey, location, sale, and trans-
fer of all Indian reserves of lands since the year
1825, up to this time; and also, all the orders and
communications from the Executive of the United
States, through the War Department, or General
Land Office, or otherwise, in reference to said
surveys, locations, sales, and transfers of Indian
reserves; together with maps and plots of said
surveys,and of the tracts approved and confirmed
by the President under said transfers and sales,
and what remains unappropriated, that have been
reported and submitted for his approval, together
with the evidence of title.
Mr. McCARTY addressed the House in favor
of the resolution, and in explanation of the rea-
sons which had induced him to offer it.
Mr. PLUMMER moved an amendment to the
resolution, to restrict the call for information to
" that not already communicated to the Senate
under resolutions of that body, adopted at the
last session."
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FR IjN TE D A N D £UB L ISLH^^^II£|I1=QL¿S   ™GTOÑ7wBl7AM~blLÍ VEs".
1<t\ i ínKnftRSS. 2n SESSION                                                             (Wn \JTv A "V     Tsn nnrr * n ,r   .,      .^„-                                   '                           ~-----------'-------------------—
Vol 2      No 10
2)v Goncress, 2r> Session
Before the amendment was disposed of, Mr
POLK called for the ordeis of the day, wiuci
was sustained by the House
EXECUTIVE COMMUMCATIOIS.S.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications
A letter from the Secretary oí War, enclosing an
abstract of the licenses granted to trade wuh the
Indians, laid on the table, and ordered to be pi mted
A le ter fiom the Secretary ot War in relation
to the contingent expenses of his department,
laid on the table, and ordered, to be printed
A letter from the Secretary of War, in response
to a resolution of the House, relative to an unap
pioprated balance for the construction of the
Cumberland road, in the State of indiana, which
was referretl to the Cornmi'tee of Ways and
Means
A letter from the Secreta! y of War, enclosing a
list of the clerks in his Department, and their re-
spectivesalanés, laid on the table, and directed to
be printed.
SENATE BILLS.
Bills fiom the Senate of the following titles,
were read twice and committed
A bill tor the relief of Charles Lynch, of Mis-
sissippi, and
A bill to exe-npt merchandize imported under
;ertain circumstances from the operations of the
act of 19 h May, 1523, in alteration of the several
acts imposing duties on irnpoits
BILLS PA&SFD.
Tne following bills were read a third time and
passed
A bill to extend the time for issuirg scrip upon
United State-) land warrants, and
A bill to  authorize   the  City Council  of St
Augustine to widen the streets in said city.
GENERAL APPHOPRIATION ii,LL.
The House then tool, up the hill repotted from
the Committee of the Whole, making appropna
tions  for the civil  and diplomatic e> penses  of
Government for the year lb35
beveral amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were agreed to without amendment
Mi POLK moved to disagree to so much of
the amendment to the item for law agent, &c ,
of Florida, as went to provide that no part oi the
money should be paid till the claims had been
at!]udicated, and alter some conversation betwee i
Messrs PuLK, VVH11 h, ofFlonda.andGRCV
ÍNLLL, the motion was agieed to, and tl eiemam-
mg portion of the amenument concurred in by the
House
Mr POLK then moved to concur in the amend
mem of the co liniutee to suike out the appiopn
ation for the salary of a Minister to Buenos
Ayres
Mr P said he had made inquiry and he wished
it to be distinctly understood, thai, no pmlion of
the money appropriated foi this purpose last year
had been drawn out of theTieasury Its inser-
tion in the present bit! arose from its being the
usual annual item, the fact of itsnoibeingexuended
having been overlooked He was not only willing
but desirous that the amendment should be con
cm red in by the House
It was agieed to
Mr POLK then said an honorable member
from lllino s [Mr 1U wolds] had proposed an
additional item in the committee of $oÜ0, for the
expense of tha surve/ ot eertan lots in Peoria,
Illinois, wlmh had been lejeued, and he now
moved that it be ngieed to He had consulted
the department and found the appropriation called
for
It was agreed to
Mi MERCER observed that he should not
renew a pioposition which he hid submitted in
the Committee of the Whole, in relation to the
fund np| toprinUd for the suppression of the slave
•rade, in consequeneeof information which he had
obtained from the chairman of the Committee of
10
____   MOVDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1835
Ways and Means, that a surplus of some §1¿ 000
of that fund remained m tl e Treasury Mi M
observed, however, that he could not but expre s
his surprise and regret at the conduct of t'ie G >v
eminent in continu ng our ships of war n idle
parade in the Mediterranean, wmle that infamous
traffic was ufe on the African coast
Mi POLK replied, that he possessed no inform
ation in regard to the prevnu„ expenditure of this
fund The information he possessed was to be
found in the Annual Report of the Secretary,of
the Treasury, by which it wou'd be seen that of
the funti a|iudcd to, there did remain the sum of
§14,214 91 unexpended
Mi POLK then moved that the bill be en-
grossed for a thud reading
1 Mr VANCE proposed to add a section to the
bill repealing a oortion of the second sectihn of
tne bill of 1834, and reenacung anothei part of
the same, relating to the pay of collectors, naval
officers, and surveyors of the seve-al ports of the
Un.ted ota'ps,ou' of any money in the Treasuiy
not otherwise appropriated, such  su-ns as will
¡give to the said officeis, respectively, the same
compensation in the year ls35, accoiding to the
importations of that year, as they would have
been entitled to re"eive,"if the act of 14di July,
1832, had not gone into effect, &c
Mi   WNCE addressed the House on the sub
ject of the amerdment, at some ¡engtn, and was
lephed  to by Messis   POLK and SUl'HER
LAND
A debate ensued, n which Messrs GILLET,
¡POLK, SUTHERLAND, VANCE, FILL
MORE, HVRPER, MIAUl,ami WILLIAMS,
took part
I Mr VANCC moved that the House adjiurn
The motion was los — yes 63, no°s 76
I     Mi   GILLET off red  an  amendmeit  to the
I amendment of Mr VANCE,which was lej e'ed
I After a protracted debate, Mi WILLIAMS
movel that the House adjourn He, however,
wittidiev th  mo ion, at tne solicitation of Mi
W ATMOÜGH, in order to allow him to place an
a nendmeTt on tne table to tne bul ti regulate the
pay of the Navy, with a view to have it onnted
Mi POLK objected to this proposition and
hoped the House would hive the bid .vhieh was
before it, engrossed, before it consented to ad
jouin
Mr WILLIAMS then renewed his motion for
a h lurnment, aiid on thu question,
Mi   PARKER caiNl f>r the aves and noes,
which were ordered, and taken as follows—ayes
100, noes 83
Sj the House adj >urnej
IN SENATE
Friday, Jwmaty 23, 183Ó
Mr KENT presented the ciedenti Is of the
Hoi 11013CIT H GOLDSDOROLTGH.iSen
ator fiom the State of M uyiand.tiected tosupplj
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the
lio i  F7EKII-L F  Chimb*rs
Mi GOL OS BO ROUGH havmgpiesented hin
self, the oath was ad nmisteied, and he took his
seat in the Senate
Mr HENDRICKS presented ceitain docu-
ments showing the comparative length of the sev
eral sessions of Congress, hiving application to
¡he resolution submitted by h>m for fixing a time
for the adjournment of every succeeding session
of Congiess which, on his motion, was referred
to the Judiciary Commutee, and ordeied to be
printed
Mr TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of William Wr'sh
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, the renort of the
Secietary of the Treasury, relative to tl e p ogress
made at thit depirtment in the preparaiion of
maps, &c , of certain States, was ordeied to be
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday,
by Mi SOU TrlARD, we, e taken up, considered,
an ' igreeI to
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Library
be nstiucted ti inqure mto the expediency of
pai chasing the copies of Watterston& Van Zmdt 'a
" Coni'i uationo* the faoulai Statistical Views of
the United States," which remain unsold of the
edi i in for die use of Congiess
Resolved, Hiit ihe Commuieeon Naval Affairs
be lnstiucted to inquire imo ihe expediency of
making an appiop-iation to deepen the bar of
Pensaojla bay, m Floi.da, so as to admit vessels
of war of the latest cl iss to the United States
navy yard established mere
On motion of Mr WEBSTER, the Senate then
resumed tne consiueiauon of the army appropria-
tion oill, as in C > nmittee of the Whole
Mr WEBSTER said that an objection had
been uisred vcoterduy by tne honorable member
from Indiana [Vii Hcndpici.oJ against the item
of appr orla ion to pay certain eupernuineiary
lieutemnts He (Mr W") then said that he
thought the provision was only in fulfilmer t of
the ex gency of tne existing laws Mr W here
refeired to the act of 1812 to show that when
cadets were not attached they weie to be provided
for Tnat theie were one hundred and six speci-
fied in the bill, which was a ¡es,s number than waa
authonzed by the law alluded to
Mr HLNDRICK3 said he did not consider
t )e act of 1812 as havi ig anything todi with tue
MiUtaiy Aca leiny The piovi-Mons of that law-
were ceitamly as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts lenresented them to he, but he was unable to
reconcile them with Subsequent laws The act of
21 Maicl, 1821, to ¡educe aid fix the militaiy
peace establishment, provided for the dischaigeof
all supernumerary officeis He woo d i ot, how-
ever, persist in his opposition to the bill, but he
objected to tne provision alluded to, and thought
it ought to be n q ined into
Af er some fuither conversation between Mr
WEBSTER and Mr H EN DRIGKS, the bill waa
oideied to be engrossed aid lead a thud time
Tne bill mak ng appropriations fir certain pen-
sionéis of the Unite J States for the year 1835, waa
•^ad the second time, consideied as in Commutee
of the Whole, and ordered to be eng-ossed foi a
third reading
The bill authoiizmg a further issuing of scrip in
satisfaction of militaiy bounty land warrants, and
The bill making aporopnations foi certain (uni-
fications of the United States, foi the year 1835,
were read the second time and inferred
bills passed.
The following bills were severa'ly lead the third
time ai d passed
A bill for tl e rel ef of William Clark,
A resolu ion for the relief of John S Sti'es,
upon a con   act foi Navy bread,
A bill making appropnitions fo" revolutionary
and othei pensionéis of the United States for the
year 1835,
A bill making appropriations for the Indian
department for the year 1835, and
A bill for the relief of Samuel S Lord and
others
Mi PREST ON,from the JudicnryCommittee,
to which was leferred the bill to prevent and
punish frauds against the peision laws, reported
the same without amendment
Mr ROBBINS submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed ti furnish a copy of the Register of the
Debates of Congress, published by Gales & Sea-
ton, to each of the members of the Senate, who
have been elected since the commencement of the
present session, or who may be elected dunng the
session
Mr ROBBINS asked the consideration of tha
resolution at this tine
The motion requiring unanimous consent,
Mr HILL objected, and
154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2B,
Mr ROBBINS then gave notice that he would
call it up on Monday next  ♦
Mr CLAY rose and said, that in consequence
of th"> continued indisposition of an absent Sena-
tor, he would not move to go into executive ses-
sion to day, but as the business on the docket
ought to be despatched, he gave notice, that on
Monday next, whether there was any mdisposi
tion of members or not, he would make that
motion While up, he would move that when
the Senate adjourns, it will adjourn to Monday
next, which was so ordered
The bill for the relief of Wilkinson Goodwin
was read the second time, considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and,
On motion of Mr POINDEXTER, indefinitely
postponed
The bill for the relief of Wyatt Smg'eton and
Jame"? Andrews, was read the second time, con-
sidered as in Committee of the Wnole, when
Mr BLACK moved its indefinite postpone
ment, but yielded to a motion by Mr PORTER,
that it be laid on the table, which was agieed to
The bill for the relief of Thomas L Winthiop
and others was taken up for consideiation as in
Committee of the Whole, and,
On motion of Mr SMITH, postponed to Wed
nesday next
The bill for the relief of David Beard was read
a second time, considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and, after some remaiks from Messrs
HILL, SMITH, and CLAYTON,
Mr SHEPLEY submitted an amendment, the
substance of which was to refer the sulject to the
Secretary of the Treasury, to examine into the
justice of the claim
Mr CLAYTON objected to the amendment,
and, on his motion, the bill and amendment were
laid on the table
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were read the second time,
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed lor a third leading
A bill for the ielief of Chnstophei C  Bailey,
A supplement to the act authorizing the people
of Louisiana to settle back lands, and
A bill for the ielief of David McCord
A bill in addition to the act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Lucy Bond and Hannah
Douglass, was read the second time, considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and, aftei some
remarks bv Mesáis SMITH, IYLCR, HILL,
SHEPLEY, MOORE, LL1GH, mid WHITE,
the question being on the engrossment of the bill
for a third leading,
Mr HILL asked the yeas and nays, winch
were ordered, ind are as follows, to wit'
YEAS—Messrs Bibb, Buchanan, Fielmghuy
Ben, Goidsborough, Kent, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Moore, Naudam, Porter, Preston, Robbins.Shep-
ley, Silsoee, Smith, Southard, Switt, Tomlinson,
Tyler, Webster, White—22
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Black, Brown, Cuth-
bert, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, King of Alabama,
King of Geoigia, Robinson, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Wright—13
So the question was determined in the affiima
live
On motion, the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 23, 1835.
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee on
JForeign Affairs, reported, without amendment, a
bill from the Senate foi the relief of Thomas
Aspmwall, which was committed
Mi CAMBRELENG, fiom the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported, with amendments,
the bill from the Senate to exempt merchandize
imported under certain encumstances, from the
operation of the tanfl act of May, 1828 The
amendments were read, and, together with the
bill, committed
Mi THOMSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to authorize a
cornfpromise to secure to the United States, Pea
Patch Island, in the river Delaware, which was
read twice and committed
Mr FORESTER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, with an amendment, the bill
from the Senate for the relief of Hnam A Hun-
ter, which was committed
Mr CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to extend the
jurisdiction of the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington, which was lead twice and committed
Mr FULTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported, without amendment, a bill from the Sen
ate for the relief of Henry B Tyler, executor of
Colonel Richard Smith, which was committed
Mr REED, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the benefit of Boyd
Reilly   which was read twice and committed
Mi HARPER, of New Hampshire, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of Reuben Colburn, which was read twice
and committed
Mr M( K1NLEY, instructed by the Committee
of Ways and Means, asked for the punting of a
report from the Treasury Depaitment, in relation
to the establishment of branches of the Mint, which
was agreed to, and, on motion, five thousand extia
copies of the document refeired to were ordeied
to be punted
Messrs BROWN and ANTHONY each made
unfavorable reports upon petitions referred to their
respective committees
JOHN N. REYNOLDS.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island, was considered
and agreed to                   *
Reiolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to communicate to this House a copy of
the report made to the Navy Depaitment by John
N Reynolds, October 9, 1829, describing a num-
ber of the islands, leefs, and shoals, in the Pacific
ocean, and on the northwestern coast of America
RAILROAD SURVEY.
Mr ANTHONY, by consent, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which lies one day on the table
Resolved, I hat he Secretary of War be direct-
ed to forward copies of the íeport and profile of
Majoi Bache's survey of a route for a rai'road
fiomWilliamsport,Pennsylvania,toElmira, New
York, to the Governors of Pennsylvania and New
York, with a request that they lay the same before
the Legislatures of their respective States
On motion of Mi  VANCE,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
communicate to this House the amount paid to
the diffeient custom house offices of Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, under the pro-
visions of the second section of the act making
appropriations for thecivil and diplomatic expenses
of Government foi the year 1834
NEW POST ROUTE.
On motion of Mr STAND1FER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post loute fiom Ten
Mile Pobt Office, in Rhea county, by Gordon's
Iron Woiks, thiough the Grassy Cove, to John
Narromoie'b, on the Sparta road, in Tennessee
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr McCARTY, was taken up
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to this House copies of
all letters and correspondence of all Indian agents
and sub agents, and other persons connected with
the Indian department, now in the Executive or
War Department, or in the office of the Comis-
sioner of the General Lnnd Office, connected with
or relative to the survey, locanon, sale, and trans-
fer of all Indian reserves of lands since the year
1825 up to this time, and also, all the orders and
communications from the Executive of the United
I States, through ths War Department, or General
Land Office, or otherwise, m reference to said
surveys, locations, sales, and transfers of Indian
reseives, together with maps and plots of said
surveys, and of the tiacts approved and confirmed
by the President under said transfers and sales,
and what remains unappropriated, that have been
reported and submitted for his approval, together
with the evidence of title
Mr PLUMMER moved an amendment to the  '
resolution to íestnct the call for information to
I " that not already communicated to the Senate
'undei íesolutions of that body, adopted at the
' last session "
The question being on this amendment,
Mi PLUMMER said he had not yet had an
opportunity of investigating this subject so fully as
he ought to do to justify recoidmg his vote upon
its adoption He had, however, giv en it a pai tial
investigation yesterday, as much as the time wou'd
permit, and he had considerable doubts of the ex-
pediency or propnety of adopting it, in any form
or shape whatever At any rate, he certainly
thought that the amendment he had offered should
be appended to it, for this reason- at the last ses-
sion of Congress a call was made, by a resolution
of the Senate, for part, at least, of the information
called for by the present resolution, and a íeport
was made, comprising between two and three
hundred pages of matter Subsequently to that,
a call was made upon the same depaitment—the
Bureau of Indian Affairs—for the veiy same cor-
respondence, and the same documents contem
plated by the present resolution That call was
made on the 23d of December, 1833, and it took,
Mr P was informed, the cleiks employed in that
department, not only duung the last session, but
also the whole of the recess to respond to it He
objected, therefore, to a call being made for the
same correspondence and the same documents,
unless some strong and substantial reasons should
be assigned for it Mr P had made some inquiiy,
and he found that it not only took up a great por-
tion of, but he believed all the time that could be
spared by the four íegularcleiks in the Buieau of
Indian Affairs, and in addition to that the extra clei k
j hire amounted to $1,800, to furnish the otner
branch of the Legislature with the answer to their
call This was paid out of the old contingent fund,
and something like if 1,000 more was paid for such
I paitof the same intoimaüon as came from the
I Commissary Geneial's Department, in addition
to the expense of obtaining eight hundred pages
of the information from the Second Auditor's
Office He found, furthermore,upon inquiry,that
this document, the punting of which was not yet
completed, would comprise six large volumes, of
upwards of six thousand pages, cost the Govern-
ment $12,750, and its binding, at the usual rate,
would cost about $3,250 the whole sum, together
with the punting and binding, would be $16 0U0
[ This, added to the expense of clerk hue, would
make about $19 000, which the Government had
' already paid, or would soon have to pay, for this
I same correspondence, and those same documents
contemp'ated in the lesolution of the gentleman
I from Indiana Moreover the gentleman's resolu-
I tion not only made a call upon the Indian Bureau,
| but also upon the General Land Office, and Mr
i P had good authority for saying that this call
I could not possibly be answeied during the present
session, nor probably during the rece&a, without
the employment of much additional clerk hire,
and consequently an additional appropr ation for
that clerk hire He would remind the House, also,
that the old contingent fund out of which the
$1,800 were paid last year for extia cleik hire in
the Indian Bureau, was exhausted, and therefore
the House would be called upon to pay a sum,
something like $10 000, if it cost no more than the
Senate document, but he believed the call contem-
plated by the present resolution would involve
twice that sum For the purpose of giving time
foi investigating the subject, Mr P said, he would
conclude by moving that the furthei consideration
of the lesolution and amendment be postponed till
Monday next
Mr McCARTY said he would accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mi  Pidmmer] as a modification of his own
Mr PLUMMER mubt still insist on his motion
to postpone, because he considered the subject
deserving of more investigation before the final
action of the House was taken upon it He sup-
posed that all the gentleman wanted was the cor
respondence in relation to particular Indian trea-
ties, and Mr P thought the gentleman had better
modify his resolution accordingly
The motion to postpone the 'urther considera-
tion of the resolution till Monday next, was then
taken, and negatived without a division
Mr CLAY-said it appeared to him that the
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
laws already passed were efficient as to the mode
and manner in which information, if it was wanted,
could De piocured, and he saw no necessity foi
adop mg the present measure He therefore
moved to lay the resolution and amendment upon
the table
Mr WILLIAMS asked foi the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered
The question was taken, a id decided as follows
—yeas 71, i ays 108
The question then lecurnng on agreeing to the
resolution as modified by the amendmenty-
Mr BATES called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
Mt PLUMMCR called for the orders of the
day      Negatived—yeab 71, nays 83
Mr. McKINLEY saia he had been so unfor-
tunate, thus far, as to have heard no satisfactory
reason advanced for the adoption of this lesolu-
tion If such reabon had been given by the mover,
[Mi McCaiitv,] it had escaped his attention if
the friends of the resolution could pioduce any
better reason foi mcurung the enoimous expense
of p-mting the document called foi, than the
mere gratification of an idle curiosity, he would
be glad to hear it.
Mr. McCARlY said he did not piesume the
printing of the coirespondence and documents
would be so very expensive ab gen'lemen seemed
to anticipate The infoimation sought foi, he
believed, could be furnished in a few dava He
had not a doubt tnat gentlemen were laboring
under a great mistake on these points He hoped
no fuithei obstacles would be thrown in the way
of obtaining the information desned
Mr LOVE contended that the subject of ex
pense should present no obstacle to the pa-sage ot
the resolution When the object was the detec
lion of fraud, or where a mere suspicion of fraud
existed, an investigation should be made, without
reference to the secondary consideiation of ex-
pense He was not about to chaige theGovein
ment with a ] articipation in frauds, but if its faith-
less agents had auused the tiusts leposed in them
by detiauding either the Indians or othei , the
nation had a right to know the facts, if those frauds
weieevei so light, or the expense ever so great
lie hoped the re-olution would be adopted
Mr Md'INLLY again addiessed the House
He could see no object to be obtained by the
passage of this resolution If frauds had been
commit'ed, would the publication of these docu
ments tend to the punishment of the delinquents'
He could not see how this extraoidinary expense
should have a tendel cy to correct the evil It
seemed to him to be only a publica ion of papers,
to gratify the cuno-ity of individuals, without the
least beneficial result to the country If such weie
not his conviction, he would clieei fully lend his
aid to bubtain the i iqmry
Mi BYNUxM sai I 1 c trusted he would be the
last peis n m the House who would refuse an
lnquit y into u#suhject calculated to detect fi and or
piomote public good But the pioposmon before
the llou-e seenred to him to be rathei an ex'ra
oidmary one The mass of documents here pro-
posed to be punted, he verily believed, would
never be read by ten members on that il oi,
besides the honorable gentleman who introduced
the resolution It was admitted (Mi B sa d)
that the expense oc pr nting would be very gieat
But it had been ssrd by the gentleman from Ken
tucky [Mr Lovt] ti  t the expense should not be
taken into consiJeiat on Sn, (said Mr B ,) [
diffei with the gentleman on this point, especially
where the expense was gieater than the losses
sustained It the gentleman would introduce a
proposition for inquiry, which could result in any
public benefi1, without this enoimous expense ot
peihaps fifteen or twenty thousand dollars, he
would coidi dly coopei ate with him But under
the present aspect he could see the prospect of no
benefit to any one, excepting it were to the public
printers
Mr L\NE said, the resolution called for ex
tensive in foi mation,covei inga penod often years
and the entire continent To furnish it, would
leqmre the employment of several clerks for three
or four months and when obtained, could not be
mace the foundation of any action of this House
Is theie any gentleman on this floor who can, for
a moment, believe that any one who may have
committed frauds upon the Indians, would have
been t>o weak as to hive placed it m any coiie-
spondence> This is not the muni ei fiauds are
peipetrated The object of the lesolution, as ob-
served by the honorable gentlemen fiom Indiana,
[Mi McCarty,] and from Kentucky, [Mr Lovi,]
is to obtain evidence of fiauds winch lumor has
said have been perpetiated by Indian agents, in
the sale of íeseivations Sofai as private individ-
uals are concerned m these alleged fiauds, this is
not the tribunal, the Constitution has properly
leferred such inquiry foi decision to couits of jus
tice To remedy this evil, then, the resolution is
incompetent It the olject is as avowed, to bung
to justice, and expose to public view and public
condemnation, it is equally incompetent and mi-
proper Let the movei of the resolution specify,
put his finger upon the Indian agent, or refei it to
acomm ttee for inquiiy, and if any fiauds shall be
discoveied, call foi all such papéis as shall or may
be necessaiy foi the object, that the public ltitei-
est, or the honor of the nation shall demand If
the gentleman will adopt tins course, I will go
as fai as any one to bring all such agents to public
justice
Mr LOVE said, it had been admitted that iu
mors had gone abroad, going to implicate officeis
of the Government in participating in immense
frauds     He thought this a proper subject for the
investigation of the Committee on Indian Affairs
He had no hesita'tpn in declanng his conviction
tha' the executive depaitments of the Government
I weie   entnely  dtsionnected   with   these  alleged
fiauds     He condemned the docti me that the item
I of expense should have any weight in the detec-
¡ tion of crime     He asked it the individual who
, stole one huidied  dolíais should be suffered to
escape because it would coet five bundled dollars
to cor vict him ?   It had been insinu «eel, too, tnat
it was his desue, in voting for the punting of these
documents, to give the public printei a piofi able
job    Sir,(saidMi  L ,) p¡mteis undei the present
management of the pie-s, are a soit of cattle I
have little or nothing to do wnh     Afiei some fur-
thei lemnrUs, Mi    L   repeated, that he btheved
j the execu ive de¡ aitt un ^ h id no participation in
I the frauds in question     Of this fact he was fully
, convinced
Mr MAUDIS said lint he had the loior to
come iiom the S aie tb it tut pnitleniau fit m Ken-
tucky [Mi Live] consideied so veiy delicately
suuated in refeience to tins qiebtion That not
withstandm1* the dtclara ion oi the gen'leman, he
should on this, a-> upon all other propositions be
foic the House, give fiee utteiance to his seriti-
' ments
Mi LAND said he was misundeistood, and
that he did not intend to malte any such inbinua
tion
Mi M resumed his remarks by saying that
afiei the explanation of the honoiable gentleman,
he had nothing fuithei to say on tint point Mr
M said that a thing piopti in use!'', should, nev-
ertheless, be done in a p oper manner He had
no objection to a thorough invest ¿;ition of the
conduct of all the public officer! of tins Crovern-
ment whenever the public good would be pi o
moled by such examination, he went further—he
would, on a bare suspicion that* public agent had
been guilty of fraud, or unfairness in (he discharge
of the duties of his office, cost what it might, ex
pose his. delinquencies lie held with the friends
of the resolution, that it was of the utmost impm
tance to the community, tha-ail their agents shoul 1
not only be honest, but above ill suspicon,and
did not agree with gentlemen, that the expenses
of the pir posed investigation should be taket into
the account
1 But, Mr Speaker, (said Mr M ,) I am not of
[ the opinion that the lesolution, if adopted, would
accomplish the object that the honoiab'e member
I seems to have had in view 7 he lesolution asks
I formfoimation,generally,inrelationto the sale of
' Indian reseivations Ftaud is imputeu to some
one connected with these sales—whether to the
purchasers, or to the Secreta y of War, or some
sub agent, or agents acting under him, we aie not
informed If the object of the resolution be to
ascertain whether or not the purchasers of Indian
reservations have practised a fraud on the i eserves,
then he apprehended the House had no junsdiction
ovej: the suoject    The sale is an individual tiuns-
action, and Congress has not the power to erect
itself into a court, of chancery, foi the purpose of
passing upon these conn acts The. validity of
transactions of this natuie are properly referable?
to the judicial tribunals ot the country If, how-
ever, the object of the gentleman fiom Indiana
(Mi Mi Caí rv] was, as he supposed, to convict
-orne public functional y of mal easance in office,
then it seemed to him that it would be proper to
laise a committee, vested with power to send for
persons and papéis, with a view that the facts
might all be fully examined into, as well for as
against the accused This course appeared to
him to be proper, in many points of view. First,
because he held it to be ooi i ect doctrine, that no
man should be condemned befoiean opj>ortunity
had been given him to be fully heaid m his defence
befóte his judges Secondly, such a oourse rec-
ommended itself to the mlelligei ce and justice of
the members of this House He theiefoie moved
to amend the lesolution so as to authorize the
appointment ot a committee, empowered to send
foi peisons and papers, to be charged with the
invesugstion of all the matters contained in the
lesolution
Mi M withdrew hi j motion to amend, with a
view to send the subject to the Committee on
Indian Affms
Mr LOVC said, to avoid all funher difficulty,
he would move to commit the resolution to Lie
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mi MARD1S then withdrew his pioposition
foi a select committee
Mr McCARTY begged to make a brief expla-
nation He disclaimed any intention of casting a
single imputation upon the officers of the Govern-
in°nt in this < ity, and his motives h ive been egie-
giouslv mistaker, if such an inference has been
diawn, tl ere was nothing in the resolution to war-
lantany sucn infeience, and such allusions were
unj ist and unfounded He had no expectation
that anything impiopei on the part of the Execu-
tive, oi either of the depaitrutiits mentioned m
the resolution, exibted that would be brought to
11 light by the call No man upon this fl or has a
higher opinion of the integrity of the Chief Ma-
! sibilate than he had In offeung the resolution
I he had, he had done it fiom motives of public
duty alone, to expose fraud, if any existed, and
to e\culpate the innocent, upon serious delibera-
tion and lefl cnon, and he would not be dictated
to as to the mannei in which he should discharge
that duty
Mi MARDIS disclaimed having any such in-
tention townids the honoiable gentleman.
Mi McCARTY continued Noi did he mean
to cast anj imputation upon the Executive, but
he wished to show what he believed, that the
Executive had been imposed upon by persons
who endeavored to prauice deception uj on him,
for the purpose of pt tung money into their own
pocketb.atid ihen shielditg themselves fiom inves-
tigation Mi McC lepeated, he was astonished
to see objections to the resolution fiom any quui-
ter of the House The object of tne lesolution
was to exjirse £uitt r ml shield the innocent      
Mi BA URli\GER said there were stiange
mmots abroad— u mors not of to day or of yester-
day—-rnvolvrr g f barges of fraud and malfeasance,
arid it was light that they shou'd be investigated,
and eithei proved oi disproved, by that branch of
the Legi-lature lie would mention oneoi two of
them It wns-aid thata stock coni|>any had been
fnmed foi the purchase of Indian íeseíves, con-
sisting of a caiital of §100,000 in shares of #1,000
each, and that tbeie was one individual who had
subscuhed &r>,000m money,and another$5,000 m
services, by exercising his lrfluence, and Certify-
ing mat the tiansactmns wei* fiir and honoiable.
It theie wasgrounl foi these rumois, it was light
that it should be known, and at any íate it was a
matlei worthy of ¡lives igation, that those who
were guilty shoul 1 be held up to the scorn and
reprobation of the country, and meet the punish-
ment they merited Many gentlemen on that
fl )Oi had < oustuuents who weie implicated, and
he should imagine tl ey would lejnce at an oppoi-
tunity of placing them befóte the country in the
gaib of innocence, and he trusted theie was not
one who wou'd attempt, or desire to screnn the
guilty If the lesolution be not broad enough to
cover the ground, it was peifectly competent m the
156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GT,OBE.
Januarjr 23,
H >use tn frame such a one as should meet the
o ject desned, arid be ac ed on promptly by the
II use He must be peimit ed *to say, tiat he
tli a¿ht tne Hou^e hpd been hitherto too negligent
id ifgnrd to the ma .a tme t o the Indun 'ands
C iar e'! ut oirui) 10 i and molfea->anc had been
made, and reuerated ag„in and aga.n, asranst cer-
tain publ c t fillers, receiver-, renters, &c , and
y<.t no inqu rv had beei m->tituted theie I hat
H use had permit ed such run¡ 13 to so abroad in
the land, without a temptirgany invent gation irto
the foundatii n of toem it was no excuse for
them that the othei biancn oí the Legisktuie had
ai ted in part It was the duty of the Representa
tives of the peoj ie to Sep forward, and no up
these transactions If they have been ho lest, let
it Le KnOA-n, if coirupt, let tt be exposed, and ..he
sooner the better
Much had been said about the expense of an-
sweinig ihe call 151 this ie->olutiun What, were
we to s>et about an mqjiry into the cost, wnen a
g eat pu tic defuultei is to be biought befoie ua ?
When a public functionary was chaiged with a
dtreLction of duty and absolute commission of
fraud, were they to ¡>¡op uid inquiie ii >w much it
would cost' Who ever heard 11 a couit of justice
of a luiyci of the public prosee nor stopping in
the tiiac mige of tueir duly by a consideiation of
Oft' Did a judge evei | ause at proceeding to
tual fiom sucli a consideiation' Mr B cared
not what the co>*t misfit be in this case, he looked
not to a quid pi o quo, but to do J lotice in bunging
a delinquent to juh ice Let an example be made,
and that piomptly fot so long: as they pel nutted
such rumors to pas's unheeded, so long did they
hold out inducements to their public functional íes
to abuse then trusts How would it now appeal,
if the resolution should be re]ec ed > Why, that
those rumois to which he had refened, had been
broadly and openly tepeated upon the floor of the
Representatives of the people, the assembled
wisdom of the country and m spite of that, no
investigation was to tike place, because, forsooth,
it would coat money ' He knew not what it would
cost—he eared not—but it the fact weie so that
great frauds had been committed, he was foi having
them investigated, and when that was done, let
punishment fall where it was due, be the cost what
it might Mr B had not intended to tieapassupen
the patience of the Hcuse, and he should conclude
by hoping that the resolution would be adopted
Mi FOLK heie made anothei attempt to call
up theordeis of the day, but the House lefused—
ayes 79, noes 94
Mr MILLER expressed his intention, from
cucumstaocts which had ansen duung die debate,
to support the lesolution
Mr BOON demanded the previous question,
but the motion was not seconded by the House
Mr EWING said he should vote foi the reso
lution fie wished to see it passed in the form m
which it was originally piesented When the
proposition was made to publish the pension list,
not a word was objected to that measure, though
the expense was probably three times as gieat as
that of this con espondence would be Not a word
was said against that printing, but when you corre
to investigue the conduct of Indian agents and
land speculators, oljeoi ions aie abundant It liad
been said the whole nffan lested on vague rumors,
and that " rumoi was a pipe blown by surmises "
He could not think all these rumors could be
without some foundation m fact It also had b=en
contended that our action on this subject would
not effect the punishment of the delinquents. Mr
E contended that exposition was ot itself a pun-
ishment of a high order He thought the investi-
gation due to the country
Mr CAGE said he felt it hi3*uoperious duty to
himself and to his constituents to vote for investí
gation in its most extended form He repelled the
idea that this measure was got up for the purpose
of implicating or casting censuie on the executive
department of the Government It was the un-
worthy agents who had crept into the confidence
of the Government It was not alleged that that
Government had, m any instance, wimted oi con-
nived at fraud
Mr WARDWELL said the speeches of gen-
tlemen appeared to be all on one side He really
wished they would save the time of the House by
taking the question
Mr ASHLEY sod his objeción to the reso-
lution wa-., that the information desired could not
be obtained at the present session of Congress If
the gentleman would make his resolution more
specific—pointing out the State or designating the
individual office where the investigation should
ta ie pi ice—he would second the pnpjsi'ion
Jli HAMCR and Mr BYNUAI both ad
diessed the Hou'ie 11 opposition to the resolution
in Ht, pieseit shape Ihey wished it to be mule
mere bpecific—to make its objects more targible,
and they would then support it
Mi LANE said he had risen to explain He
had opposed the resolution, an i voted to lay it
upon the tab'e, believing, as he did, that the sub-
ject was not attainable by its adoption The
course now given to it, by a referei ce to a com-
mittee for inquiry, accoided with his views Be-
lieving, as he did, that the committee would firat
inquire it any fiauds had been committed, by
whom and wheie, and then call for such papers
and inforn ation as should be alone indispensable
Oi e woid, Mr Speaker, (said Mr L ,) in de
fence ot the people of Indiana, a part of whom he
had the honoi of being the immediate representa
Uve Su, a purer, more intelligent, high-minded,
and honoiable population than that of Indiana
cannot be found in any other State That he had
considered it his duty to say this much in defence
of the people and tne Indian agents, from the
circumstance that the resolution came from that
State, and that two of his honorable colleagues
[Messrs McCariv and EwiNt,] had expressed
then belief that fraudb had been committed m the
sale and transfer of Indian reservations, from an
apprehensi in that some might be led to suppose,
fiom this circumstance, that the fiauds which
rumor had thiown upon the public, had taken
place in Indiana That he had been acquainted
with all the Indian agents employed by the Gov-
ernment for the last twenty yeais, and he believed
them to be honest and high minded men, and
incapable of committing a fraud on the Govern-
ment, an Indian, oi any one else
Mr McCARTY said a few words in explana-
tion
Mr PLUMMER regretted that his amendment
should have given rise to so protracted a discus-
sion He would not now trouble the House
with any additional remarks, further than a mere
explanation His object in proposing the amend-
ment which he did, was not to screen any branch
of the Government, or any officei acting under
the Government, from the most scrutinizing inves
tigation, but it was to prevent the useless expense
of obtaining and punting infoimation, a part of
which had been already laid on the table, and the
lesidue of which would be laid before us in two
or three days at farthest, on a call from the othei
end of the building, at an expense, according to a
tough estimate, of upwards of nineteen thousand
dollars The gentleman who moved the resolu-
tion [Mr McCarty] had done him the nonor to
accept his amendment as a modification of his
resolution His objections to the resolution
were, theiefore, in a gieat measure done away
He desired a postponement only for the purpose
of giving it an examination He voted for the
motion to lie on the table for the same reason.
With regard to the certificates of fraud and
depositions alluded to by the gentleman from
Noith Carolina [Mr Barringfr] and others, and
rumors in i elation to the formation of companies
foi put pose  of speculation, so far as his own
State and constituents were concerned, instead of
shrinking from an investigation, he invited it, he
defied it, let it come, he was ready to meet it
He supposed that allusion was made to certain
affidavits and nimors introduced into the other
branch of the Legislature at the last session of
Congress It is well known that the Committee
on Public Lands in the Senate were at the last
session authorized to investigate these alleged
frauds, with power to send for persons and papers
It is well known, also, that some of the certificates
mtioduced into that body have been responded to
by tne persons implicated It is fulthermore well
known that the chanman of that committee was
authorized to continue the investigation during
the recess of Congiess This had been done
thiough the aid of commissioners appointed by
the chairman of the committee of that*b«dv
Some half a dozen persons had been selected in
Mississippi, and how many in other States he
would not pretend to sty A report had been
made to the committee, and the corami tee, he
was informed, had reported to vi e Senate. This
report, h  und rstoed, was now n the hands of
the punte., and would soon belaid on our tables
On the result of the investigation alluded to, he
woald not express an opinion, unless encum-
stances should mal.e it ms duty to do so He
hoped that gentlemen would not make further
chaiges of fraud, and locate the charge in Missis-
sippi, until the result of that investigation was
known If fiaud had been committed in theState,
and by a portion of the people he had the honor
to represent—which he by no means admitted—
the atonement, according to the custom of the
ancients, had been made to a certain extent We
are told by high authority that without the shed-
ding of biood theie ¡s no i emission of sins Blood
had not only been shed, but one of Mississippi's
most valued citizens had lost his life m conse-
quence of difficulties growing out of that investi-
gation The lives of others were threatened The
public mind had been highly excited
Mr P hoped that no additional charges would
be prelerred, nor new excitements created, in re-
lation to the alleged fiauds in Mississippi, until
they had an opportunity of reading the document-
ary evidence in cases which had been investigated
Mr P said that he was no favorite with the
locating agents under the Choctaw tieaty, but he
was in justice bound to them to repel the idea of
their having acted fraudulently oreven impropeily
Their proceedings had already been reported to
Congress, and he invited gentlemen to examine
them for themselves He deemed it unnecessary,
howevei, to enter into a defence of them or any
portion of his constituents, because he did not
understand that allusion had been made to them
by any member who had spoken on the subject
Mr P concluded, by expressing a wish thu no
opposition would be made to referring the subject
to the Committee on Indian Affans The refei-
ence he considered appropriate, and one that met
his most cordial approbation
The question was then token on the commit-
mentof the íesolution to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and carried
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
On motion of Mr HUBBARD, the House next
proceeded to the consideration of the orders of the
day
The following bills and joint resolutions, from
the Senate, weie read twice and committed
A bi'l for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of Colonel John Hudry, deceased,
A bill authorizing the construction of a railioad
from the pubho grounds, near Tallahassee, to St
Marks, in Florida,
A bill for the íelief of the heirs of M  Carrera;
A bill for the relief of William J'ettiplace and
--------- White, legal representatives  of Joseph
White, deceased,
A bill to improve the rra-vigation of the Missis-
sippi river, in the vicinity of St  Louis,
A bill authorizing the ren ova! of the land office
from Clinton to Jackson, Mississippi,
A bill for the completion of certain improve-
ments in Florida,
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Magruder, of
Mississippi,
A bill to improve the harbor at or near the mouth
of the river raisin, and
A bill for the relief of William Tharp
1 he following bills and joint resolutions, (which
originated in the House,} were read a thud lime
and passed
A bill authorizing letters patent to be issued to
Francis B  Ogden,
Ab'llforthereliefofJamesMiddletonTuttle,and
A joint resolution authorizing certain papers
having reference to claims for revolutionary ser-
vices, to be placed in the office of the Secretary of
War
Mr POLK moved to take up the general appro-
priation bill
After some conversation between Messrs ASH-
LEY, POLK, VANCE, and WILLIAMS, the
motion was negatived
Oh motion of Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, the
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
House went into Committee of the "Whole (Mr
PATTON in the chair) on the bill for the relief
of Colonel John Eugene Leitensdorfer; which
was subsequently reported to the House without
amendment.
Mr. WARDWELL inquired of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs the grounds
upon which, in addition to pay, the bill proposed
to give lands to the individual named'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, replied that this
donation of land was in consideration of the ex-
traordinary services and sufferings of Colonel
Leitensdorfer.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. LETCHER, the House
went into Committee of the Whole (Mr EVANS
in the chair) on a bill for the relief of Colonel
Thomas Buford, which was subsequently reported
to the House without amendment, and ordered to
be engiossed for a third reading.
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 24, 1835.
Mi E EVERETT, from the Joint Committee
on the Library, reported the following joint reso-
lution; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed*
Be it i esolvei by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmet ica in Congress
assembled, That in pursuance of the request of
Morgan Ne ille, the master of the Mint be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause to
be struck a gold medal, in honor of the battle ol
the Cowpens, wlucn was fought on the 17th duy
of January, 1781, to replace the original medal
presented by the Continental Congress toGeneial
Daniel Morgan; the said medal to be struck from
the original die, and at the expense of the said
Morgan Neville
Mr. PEYTON, on leave, presented a petition,
which was referred.
Mr. J. Q, ADAMS, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, i eported, without amend-
ment, the bill from the Senate providing for the
establishment of the northern boundary lines of
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
Mr. A stated that the committee recommended
the i ejection of the bill.
It was committed.
On motion of Mr CLAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds be instructed tomquiremto
the expediency of enlarging tht spare at present
allotted for the Library of this House, and of
adapting the same to a more convenient place and
arrangement for the use of the members
Mr GILMER offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to this House, at as early a day as practica-
ble, what States, if any, have paid co their officers
on the Continental establishment, the commutation
oi other pay due those officers by the resolutions
of the Congress, and if any, whether the United
States, m pursuance of the laws and resolutions
for the final settlement of the accounts between the
United States and the States, has allowed to said
State or States credit for such payments for com-
mutation pay; and that the Secretary specially le-
port whether John Pierce, commissioner of army
accounts, did not give to the State of Geoigia a
cei tificate in 1785, that that State had paid to its
officers the commutation and other pay due them,
and that there was due to the State of Georgia,
from the Confederation therefor, the sum of $ 123,-
283 70, and if so, whether the said certificate
was ever allowed to the State of Georgia, in the
settlement of accounts between that State and the
United States, and whether the same yet remains
due to said State And that the Secretary further
report whether the States which were found debt-
ors to the United States in the final settlement of
accounts between the United States and the States,
have paid the same so found to be due to the
United States, and if not, what sums remain un-
paid to the United States from the several debtor
States.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. HA-
MER, requiring the Committee on the Judiciary to
inquire into the expediency of amending the Con-
stitution of the United States in relation to judi-
cial officers, and the amendment moved by Mr.
VANCE, to inquire into the expediency of further
amending the Constitution in regaid to removals
from office by the President of the United States,
was taken up.
Mr. ALLEN, of dhio, remarked that his col-
league, who had introduced the resolution, was
not then m his seat. He, no doubt,desired to be
present when his proposition was acted on. He
therefore moved to postpone the consideration of
the resolution to Monday next;'which was agreed
to.
VIVA VOCE MODE OF VOTING.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr  REYNOLDS, came up in course:
Resolved, That hereafter, in all elections made
by the House of Representatives, (for officers,) the
votes shall be given vwa voce, each member in his
place, naming aloud the person for whom he votes.
Mr CROCKETT moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mi. REYNOLDS said that the House being
thin, and the resolution being of an important
character, he would move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the roll was
called, when it appeared that 178 members were
present
Mr EVANS moved to suspend further pro-
ceedings under the call
Mr McKINLEY demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion, which were oidered.
Mr EVANS then withdrew his motion.
Mr BRIGGS inquired whether the 19 h rule of
the House, setting apai t Fridays and Saturday s for
the consideiation of private bills, did not require
impelatively that the House should proceed at one
o'clock with such bills, without a question ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
The doois were then closed, and the absentees
were called, and excuses made for those who were
necessarily absent on leave oi otherwise
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved to sus-
pend further proceeding under the call
Mr CROCKETT asked for the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered.            #
Mr JOHNSON withdrew his motion.
Messengers having been despatched by order of
the House for absent members,
Mr THOMSON moved that the absentees be
again called, which was ogieed to; when 197
members weie asceitawcd to be in attendance.
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, renewed the
motion to subpend the call
Mr CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays
Ordered
Mr JOHNSON withdrew the call.   •
Mr TURR1LL moved an adjournment.
Mr CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays
Oidered.
Ml. TURRILL withdrew the motion.
Mr HARPER moved to suspend further pio-
ceechngs undei the call
Mr CROCKE VT demanded the veas and nay-,
which weieordeied, and were—yeas 95, nays 109
The absentees were again called.
Mi. ANTHONY then moved to suspend all
further proceedings under the call, which was
agreed to.
Mr A H. SHEPPERD moved to proceed to
the consideration of the oideis of the day.
Mr. CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered, and were—yeas 64, nays
146
The question recurred upon the motion to lay'
the resolution on the table.
Mi CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John Q, Adams,Heman Allen,
Chilton Allan, Ashley, Bank, Barber, Barnuz,
Barnnger, Bates, Baylies, Beatty, Bell, Binney,
Briggs, Bull, Bunch, Burges, Cage, Campbell,
Caimichael, Chambers, Chilton, William Clailt,
Clayton, Clowney, Corwm, Crane, Crockett,
Amos Davis, Davenport, Debeny, Denny, Dick-
son, Dickinson, Evans, Ewing, Fdder, Fillmnie,
Forester, Fostei, Fullon, Gamble, Gholson, Gil-
mer, Gorham, Giaham,Grayson, Grennell, Grif-
fin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Harper,
Hazeltme, Hiester, Inge, William Jackson, Ebe-
nezer Jackson, Janes.Wilham C.Johnson, Henry
Johnson, Seaborn Jones, King, Lea, Letcher,
Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Martindale, Marshall,
McCarty, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Miner,
Moore, Peyton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney,
Potts, Reed, Rencher, William B. Shepard, Au-
gustine H. Shepperd, Slade, Sloane, Spangler,
Steele, William P. Taylor, Philemon Thomas,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Frederick Whittlesey-, Wilde, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Young—101
NAYS—Messrs John Adams, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Archer, Beale, Bean,
Beardsley, Beaumont, Blan, Bockee, Boon, Boul-
dm, Brown, Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn,Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Coffee, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Dickerson,
Dunlap, Ferris, William K. Fuller, Galbiaith,
Gillet, Gordon, Joseph Hall, Thomas H Hall,
Halsey, Hamei, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway,Hawkins,Heath, Henderson, Howell,
Hubbard, Huntington, Jarvis, Richard M. John
son, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamim Jones, Kava-
nagh, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Lee, Loyal!, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann,
JoelK Mann,Manning,Mardis,John Y.Mason,
Moses Mason, May, McComas, Mclntire, Mc-
Kay, McKim, McKinley, McLene, McVean,
Miller, Robert Mitchell, Morgan, Murphy, Os-
good, Parks, Farker, Patton, Patterson, Dutee J.
Pearce, Fianklin Pierce, Pierson, Polk, Pope,
Ramsay, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck, Schley,
Shinn, Smith, Speight, Standifer, Sutheiland,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turnll,
Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Waggener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, and Whallon—112.
So the House lefused to lay the resolution on
the table
Mr. FILLMORE, after having called for the
reading of the resolution, (which was lead by the
Cleik,) said it seemed to him to involve principles
of some impoitance,and he would frankly confess
that, in deteimining how he should vote, he had
been met by many difficulties. His own opinion
with reference to the appointing power of this
Government, and of all Governments similar to
our own, was, that where the legislative power or
body exercised the appointing power, peculiarly
and especially for itself, i e., for its own internal
rule and regulation, and not for the nation at large,
then that power might, with great propriety, be
exercised by ballot; and he believed that to be the
practice in most legislative bodies in refeience to
the appointment of those officers, who might be
considered special officers of the body, but not of
the nation. This was the practice in Mr. F 's
own State, (New York,) and he really could see
no objection to it in principle or pi actice anywhere
else It appeared to him to be correct to give the
people at large, when they exercised the right of
suffrage, the power to exercise that right in secret,
by the oallot; and it was equally so to extend the
same privilege, the same right, and the same
authority to their representatives, when acting for
themselves in the election of those officers pecu-
liarly belonging to the body to which they weie
elected.
The next question that presented itself, would
be, what officeis had that House the power of
appointing or electing > A reference to the Consti-
tution of the United States proved that we had the
power of appointing all the officers of the House.
It says "The House of Representatives shall
choose their Speaker and other officers, and shall
have the tole power of impeachment " This,
then, was the extent of the appointing power in
that House to "choose their Speaker an*d other
officers," alluding, doubtless, to the clerk, ser-
gennt-at-arms, messengers, door keepers, &c.
That they had no appointing power generally,
would be seen by referring to another claube of
the same instrument, which says the President of
the United States " shall nominate, and by and
' with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
' appoint amhassadois, other pubhcministersand
'consuls, judges of the Supi erne Court, and all
' other officers of the United States whose appomt-
' mtuiu aie not heieni otherwise piovided foi,and
158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
' which shall be established by law, but the Con-
' giess may by law vest the appointment of such
' inferior officei s, as they think piopei, in thePresi
'dent alone, m the courts tf law, or in the heads
* of depaitments "
Here, then, the whole apoomting power was
vested in the Piesidont of the United States and
the S-nate, with ceitam except ons—those therein
otherwise pioviued for, and which shad be estab
li hed by law, &c 11Is, then, was all the control
that the Legislature, or rather this branch of it, had
over the appointing power, to " c hoose their own
officers, 'and to " vest the appointment of such
u ferior officers as they think proj. ei in the Pieb-
ldent alone, ¡n the courts uf law, c r in the heads
of departments " I hey might cieate such offices
as they should deem necessa y, or think proper,
but the moment the ( ffi e us It nas cieeliteel, the
powei of nominating to, or fi ling up that office,
became vested in the Piesidentot the United States
l«y and with the advice and cone nt of the Senau,
unless the? shall see fit to vest ihem in the oth r
way laid down in the clause, but they nad no
powei, no authority to vest the appointment in
themselves Mi F fuuhermore thought that ti e
distinction taken ill the Cons Hu ion between i fi
c rs of the body and * ffieers of tie na ion, wi5
f inly, clearly, and distinctly marked out i hey
h id, undei the Constitution, thepo^ ei ot app >mt
mg officers for that specific body, but none otherj
whatsoever
Mr F sipiosed that the fact would not be dis-
guised that the olject of tne present resolution
was, to reach what was said to be an officei of the
Hcusf—not the Speakei, Seigeant nt Arms or
nies°engeis, but the primer We rrny as well,
tor, ( aid, Mi F ,) come to it at once, and disruss
t ie mat er fun ly, and openly , and eat didly Now,
t le fiist question that urose on this sul ject would
be, (if the olject of the resolution be to nfle (t
t us ip| ointmet t in iny way ) lo n qme wnethei
lhe printer of that House was oí w is not, in the
Hue acceptation and meant! gof the e-ni, an ( ffi
c ei of that House lhiawas a very impoitaiit
inquiry The question was agitated, he believed,
during the last session of Congiess, and it his
lecolleuion seived him aright, there was a strong
party who thought he was not ai efficer, and
anothei who thought he was Tiom the best in
vesication he had been able to give, and he had
spared neithei diligence not reflet ion, he confessed
his own >ipiession was, that the printei of tie
I louse of Representatives was not mi ofiirer either
of the Go vein men t or of that body It might be
somewhat diTic It to di fine what was necessuy to
constitu e an e ill ti, and to draw a d t net on, 
give such t dtfinmon,as should in all cases de ei
mine what was an ohVei but he would endeavni
to give, as biitfly as possibl , the ieas ms why he
ouldnot regaiei the Individ nil < lint gel with the
( ongress punting as an ííi ei In the fust p! ice,
Mr F did i ot fi id thai he to k any oath of i ÍU e
win h was the practice with nil othei efiiceis ct
the G ivernment appointed in the usual manner j
'Ihere was nothing in the law authorizing the
House to employ a public printer which icqui'cd
an oath of office to be administered tothat mdiv d
ual when employed Oi the eoitiiiy, he did
find that, after th°y nad ties glinted a person to
i he employment, if he shoull tail in the peifoim
anee ot the work, they might employ any othei
person, who might enter into a <ontrict,and be
paid forsuch work as should be executed by him
Again the word " employ "wi  made use of ir the
law, and not " appoin*," as if therel v to ie aul
the printer ti a light different from the officers of
the House
Bat perhaps the best distinction drawn between
the contractor and the oft er of the Government
or of the House, and which showed that the dis
Unction was designed by the frameis of the law,
was this, that there was not a solitary case in any
depattment of the Government wherein an officei
had not the power of resignation, whereas a con-
tractor was bound to the perfit mince of his con
tract, as was the case with  the punter  of the
House     He had to give secuiity foi the due and
faithful perfoi manee of his contrae t, but could not
himself fix the term of hu services by resigna
Hon     If they employed a peison to build a caii
tol or any other work, it was lmnmteual how he
was designated, he was ipso farto a contractor
and nothing else The mode of his ree- gnation
would rot of it_elf constitute him an officer of the
House B cause the House had the puwer to de
sígnate the person with whom it won't! contract
for certain services, suiely no one would conte id
that that was sufficient to constitute in officei An
appointment to an office, as he said before, nevei
deprived an individual of the eight of tendeuug
his resignation, but would any one pieiend to say
that weie that ll< use to enter into a rontiact with
a perbon to punt, that that person could lesi'ii
the contract? Mi F thought not The individ-
ual in question would stmd in the relation and
capacitv of a contractor to that body, without
hiving had conferred upon him the particulai
character that created h in an officei We have
ontracttd with him to perfoim certain services,
and we nolo him to then peifoimanee by ceitain
stipulated ooligations wl ich may be enforced in
the oidmaiy courts of law
Cut suppose, ( aid Mr   F ,) that he w-s mis
take i, and that the f rn ter to ti t House of Rep
esentatives be in leahty an  r fiicei of the G  v
ernment or of th it bx'y, could  we  ippoint him
for the next Confess >   Most cleaily not     If we
ad   p.. the tule, they will act upon it, and as they
have the ¡ owei to el), wi'l elec   then own i fnce s
and make their own rculatitns     We cainotM >
it foi them, ind should be ti itiscendmg our povv
ers in attemp in; it    On the contii ry, the Co sti
tution had taken it out of oui powe-i, for it say,
" the House of Repiesentat ves shall choose i! ei
Speaker and other ofkeis,"aiid if this House had
the powei to cnoo«e their puntei   legan  ru him
in the 1 ght of an ifiici.so would  the next, fui
we have no power to c mtrol the a¡ t ointm nt of
then < ffi ers     This cone lusion seeing iriess lhle
The Constitution had vested in  each House ihe
power  of appointing lis own ofiicers, and if its
puntei   be an officei, it is out of oui   power to
adopt any rule, the cfiict of which  would be to
take the appointment oí eleeuon out of the hands
ot the next     It might be well, however, to adveit
to the power by wh oh we contiae'etl with t per
son to execute the public printing, and it would
be found that it waspiovided for by a joint rest lu
tion, of 1819, which received the sanction of both
Houses of Congress, and the appioval of the Pres
lelenl ot the United States     Now , if we intended
to altei the mode theiein laid down, n wni Id  be
necessaiy fust to revoke or to leped that resolu
tion, and entct a new one, in the usual foim and
manner, for nothing less than the whole legislative
power  of the  nation  could   effect   the   change
What were the piovisions  of   that  instrumen
Fust, it piovidedfoi the mannei in winch the print
ing should be executed     2J   for the prices, 31
for ihe manner of pel foi ni g the press woik, and
4 h    the mannei in which  the peison   *o   he em
ployed should be elected      The  last part of the
lesoiution  w s to the  following pirpoit—that as
soon as it should it ceive the approval of the Pres
ident of the United State , each  House  should
proceed to billot foi apnntei, to execute the woik
dm ing the next Congre s, and the person having
the gieatest numbei  of votes, shall be considered
elected, &c    Now, then, if the person thus to be
employed, he an rfficer of that H >u e, by vntue
of ihat resolution, then it was to Mi   F  incmtio
vertible, that they could not appoint him for the
next Congiess     If,  howe'Ver, he be iegard«d as
an officer of the nation, then had th,e Constiiutton
vested the power in  the President of the United
•Ütates, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate    Take either horn of the dilemma, and the
d fficulty was lnsuimountalle     The only author
ity by and uider which one Congress could ap-
point for the ensuing one was to regaid the prmtei
as the contiactor fci   the perroi manee of reilam
services, and by legislative authority to enter into
a contract with him, and enfmce its observance in
a court of justice, shouhl he f«tl therein
With this view of the subject, (said Mi P in
conclusion,) and conceiving it a mattei in which we
have a right to exercise our own judgment and
discretion, so far as the election of our own offi
cers is concerne), and believing that the piactice
of almost all legislative bodies aie at variance with
the proposed mode, and that there is no íeason
for changing the i ule, I shall feel myself compelled
to vote asmn-t 'he sdoption of the resolution
Mr REYNOLbS said, the lesoiution which he
| had offered to the Hou.e some time since, was as
j follows
"Re ohed, That hereaf er in a'l elections made
' by the 11 iut,eof Rf| i°ser tallves foi officers, the
! ' votes shall be given i>« ivce, tttch memoermhis
' place naming a'oud the person foi whom he
' totes "
I     Mr R  observed that he had not the leas  m-
I tentionot producing any excitement when he had
the honoi to offer this proposition for the consider-
ation of 'h s House, and he sincerely hoped thit
none should be now cieated uy it He was not
himself considered at home i violei t party man,
and he condemned excessive party excitement,
either at home or abioad
lh" gent'ernan fio.n New York [Mr Fiil-
nopt] uiged in this discussion Mr It's motives
in piesennng thi3 resolution He stated them
to be to operate on the elect on of public puntei
In this allegation, Vlr R observed, tha'his fi lend
'rum New Yoik [Mi F ] was entnely mistaken
tie did not now entertain any great feeling or
interest about the election of a public printer, and
at the time be introduced the resolut on, he did
not even know there was one to be elected at tins
session oí Coi gress He had nothing to do with
the election ot a public punter, and did not care
on whom,oron whatpnuters, the reso'ution would
operate
M R observed that he* moved it because it
was the rule of action of the repiesentatives in
the State of Illinois, in whi"h he lived, and had
the ho lor to íeprescnt in [ art, t.nd it was adopted
w hen he had the honor to be in the Degislatuie ot
that S ate, and that it was the republican rule in
evety lepiesentative body This was the reason
he offtied it, and on these principles he hoped it
would be sustained by the Hou e, consequently,
the bur hen of the song't f*-the gentleman from
New York—the election of a puuhc pun er—was
out of the question It could not in fact be dis-
cussed on the proposition wh.eh is now befoie
the House " Sufficient unto the day is the. evil
theieof " Let the alstract pimciple be once
established, let the republican rule be adopted,
and then let it opeiate on preachers, speakers,
punters, and all ofiicers of the Elouse on whom
it ought to opeiate     Do right in all cases, and let
I the consequences piovide loi themselves
Mr R temarked that, as his motives and the
election of public puntei weie disposed of, he
would bring to the consideration of the Hou«e
pa t of the fifth «ee ion of the first a-ticle of the
Constitution of the United States, which he read
as follows
" Each House shall keep a Journal of its pro-
' ceedings, and from timeto time publish the same,
' excepting su h parts as may in the r judgment
' require secrecy and the yeas and navs of the
' membeis ot eithei House on any question shall,
' at the desire of one fifth of those present, be
' enteied on the Journal "
I his is the tule of action in all cases when it
is applicable It is the supreme law of the
hnd
The object of this part of the Constitution wt>s
to preserve a record of the proce-edings of Con
gress, and to give them publicity to the people
This i« expiessly reqjired on all questions in the
proceedings of Congress, where one fifi1 of the
members desne it No member of this House
will contend that an electirn is no question It
is the most lmportint question, frequently, to
members of Congress, of any that could be agi-
tated
Mi   R «aid, he recollected well !a st summer it
wosan impoitantquestion to your humbleservant
He appeared often on the "stump" before his
\ consti uents, and each patty, candidate and con
stituent, took it for granted that it was a quethon
Is not the election ot a public printer a question
al«o' There is too much discussion about it in
this Houseforitto be no question Some may say
thtt the rule of action under the provisions of the
i Constitution has been, for a long lime, different,
and ought not nemo to be changed fiom this mode
of balloting
I He considered the nnnciple to be just that,
whenever we found an enor to exist in our pro-
ceedings, if those proceedings were as old as
Jeiusa'em, we should change them
1835
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
It may be that this provision of the Constitution
was never discussed in re'ation to this subject, and
consequently never acted on Ii neither an exam-
ination nor discussion has been had on this part
of the Constitution, the pievailing practice of bal-
loung should not receive much consideiation fiom
its ant quity—" an ancient erroi cannot make a
modern right "
The object and meaning of the Constitution
was to give publicity to the proceedings in Con
grels, and as all elections were questions in which
the people were interested, the conclusion is irre
sistible, under the provisions of the Constitution,
that the proceedings in all elections should be
dido toce, and published to the world in the Jour-
nals
It cannot be seriously contended that under the
Constitution the veas and nays ought to be used
¡iteially in an election, but even this could be
done 1 he candidate proposed foi office could be
voted for m this language The voter could say
yea or nay to him And one fifth of the membeis
piesent may requne u
But independent of the express provision of the
Constitution, and independent of the "¡pint and
meanmgof that instrument, Mr R obsei ved that
this proposition was of such a character, ausmg
from our republican institutions, that it is almost
as suscep ible of demonstration as any mathemat-
ic 1 problem
In this Republic the supreme power rests with
the people, under such rules and regulations as
are prescribed in our constitutions and laws I ne
people ate soveieign, and of right mast be, while
our GrovemtYient continues to exist as a Republic
No tyrant or irresi onsible loid or represéntate e
can rule over us The people ale lesponsible for
their acts to no earthly povvei, while they remain
within the pale of the Constitution and the law of
the land
This principle needs no demonstration to an
American It is self evident to every republican,
and I hope 1 address such
Arising out of this principle the system of
repiesentation must of necessity be adopted.
It would be folly to suppose that all the people
of this widely extended Republic could assemble
together to provide for their various wants, and to
transact their public business If they weie pres-
ent, they could not do any business, as the body
would be so unwieUy Hence resulted the rer>-
resentative foi m and principle in our Government !
It is the great improvement in governments which
gives the modern the great superiority over the
ancient Republics. Tnis is the principle, above
all others m our Government, which should be
preserved puie and sacred Any intervening cir-
cumstance, althougn trivial in itself, that tends to
injure the punty of elections, or the puiity of the
representative principle, should be condemned as
dangerous to our liberties
Judging from the experience of a few years past,
Mr R said he had arrived at the conclusion that
the people of the United States are determined,
at all hazards, to preserve the purity of elections
Thisis the greatest evidence of the vigor, strength,
and long life of our Government
Next m the order of/events is the responsibility
of the Representative to his constituents This is
as important, and, in fact, as necessary to becher- I
ished and preseived in its purity, as the elective
franchise It is a yoke fellow, one will not exist
in Mgorwhen the other is in decay and rotteniaess
They will both rise or fall together, as they both
stand on the same political giound
A moment's leflection will satisfy all of the ne-
cessity of the le^ponsibihly of the Representative
to his constituents The very name will show that
he is not acting for himself in his official capacity
He acts for others, and to them he is responsible
for his official conduct He should be the minor,
to exhibit the sentiments of his people, and, in
fact, the miniature picture of the people
Although I am at a great distance fiom my con-
stituents, and perhaps not one of them will wit-
ness any of my official conduct, yet I cons.der
myself bound, by the nature of my office, and by
my own feelings also, to represent in this House
the will and sentiments of the people of the First
Congressional District in the State of Illinois
Should I disregard their republican sentiments on
the subject now before the House, and vote to
hide my vote fiom their examination, 1 would he
taught a lesson, through ¡he medium of the ballot-
box at home, which v,ould be a warning to me on
all tuture occasions This, I think, would be my
lot     1 judge not foi others
This pnnciple being established, that the repre-
sentaave is bound to represent the sentiments of
his constituents, liuly ami hqnestly, and that he is
responsible for the same, the question then anses,
how is this fact to be ascertained '
The proposition now before the House, is noth-
ing moie or less than to require the best evidence
to ascertain the responsibility of the representa-
tive of which the naiuie of the case is susceptible
lilis is the common sense, and, I may add, the
common Jaw rule of evidence m our courts of jus-
tice. And should it not be extended also to trans
actions in the most high and august ti ibunal in tlie
nation ' The lecord evidence ot each individual's
vote on the J miual is the mode the best calculated
to exhibit to the people the acts of their lepre-
sentatives
This is the mode pointed out by the Constitution,
and it is found by expeuenee to be the best man-
ner to preserve the histoiy of any tiansact on in
courts of justice,*oi in legislative bodies It is
much the best for the memoer himself There
can be no perversion of his vote, if it be recorded,
as it falls from his mouth His constituents and
the world, if they please, will know how he acts
Mi R said he was satisfied that there was no
peison in this House, who would want to hide
ins vote on any pxibiic transaction
The people, as they aj esoveieign and not respons-
ible to tne íepresenlatives oi to anybody, have
the right to vote as they please, by ballot oi other-
wise I he ballot system is the best for the people,
and the tiua noce for the public seivnnts
it is idle to con end that the Constitution requires
the record of the proceedings and votas of mem
beis oi measures, to be reconled, and not on men,
n elections On measuies, one filth of the mem
bers can require the votes to be iccorded, and on
elections for men to office, the same rule and prin
ciple should be applied They are both within
the meamni and letter of the Constitution
Mr McKllNLLYdid not consider it a matterof
the leastconseq tence, so far as this resolution was
concerned, whether the printer to this House be
regaided as an officer of the House, oi one bound
by contiact to perform a pamculai  duty     The
joint resolution of 1819 could have no influence
upon the mere question of election or appointment
of printer, because that part of it which directed
that the printer to etch  House should be elected
by bal'ot, was temporary, and expired with the
first election under it     The residue of the resolu-,
Hon, which regulates the duties of the printers, is I
still in force    The joint resolution of 1829, is the ,
law regulating the election of pnnteis, by it there |
is no mode of election prescribed, consequently
there is no law of Congress requiring that the
election of public punter shall be by ballot
But, sir, if there was such a law, it could have
no weight in a case like this The Constitution
confers the power on each House, to determine the
rules of its own pioceedmgs That part of the
resolution of 1819, which dnects that the pnnteis
shall be elected by ballot, does nothing more than
prescribe the rule of proceeding in the election,
therefore, is not obligatory on either House longer
than either chooses to confoim to it There is
nothing, therefore, in the resolution of 1819, if it
were m force, which could, or ought to, restrain
this House from adopting the resolution under
consideration Sir, I deem it unnecessary to fol-
low the argument of the gentleman from New
York [Mr Fillmore] further upon this part of
the subject The resolution under consideration,
is one of great importance, in principle, it pro-
poses that the vote of each member of this House
shall be entered upon the Journal in every election,
and thereby promotes the great and leading prin-
ciple of the Government—the responsibility of the
representative to his constituents In doing this, it
conforms to the spirit and intention of the Consti-
tution Why should any gentleman desire to con-
ceal his vote, or to shield himself fromjust accoun-
tability, upon this, more than any other subject
Upon all other questions it is admitted that one
fifth of the membeis present can compel each
member to iote t o voce, and have his vote re-
corded in the Journal Are elections exempted,
in any way, fiom the influence oí this rule' Is
there any íeuson why they should be' The con-
stitutional rule is broad enough to cover eveiy case
that can come before either House. It is in these
word* " Each House shall keep a Journal of its
'proceedings, and from time to lime publish the
' same, excepting such pans as may, in their judg-
' mem, i quite secrecy, and the yeas and nays of
'tne membeis of either House on any question,
'shall, at thedesneof one fifth of those present,
' be enteied on the Journal "
Su, is not an election & piocerdmg which is,and
ought to be, entered on the Journal^ If so, any
quemón aiismg in the eouuse of that proceeding
may be so entered, or then is no virtue in the rule.
There is no piovision of the Constitution more
piactisid under by this House—none so well cal-
culated to keep the people mfoimed of the pro-
ceedings of Congress, and the motives of its mem-
bers, why then should they not have the full
I benefit of it in elections as m other cases' It does
appear to me to be utterly impossible to escape
from the obtigatmy form of this provision m this
or any other case The proposition hrieis, that
a majority of this House, by passing the íesolu-
tion under discussion, may compel all the mem-
bers voting upon a question of election to have
then votes entered on the Journal The const!
tutional rule is, that one fifth of those present may
do so, and yet gentlemen say this lesolution ought
not to pass
Why was this provision inseited in the Con-
stitution ' Was it not to enable the people to see
who sustained and who opposed any particular
measure' This, sir, is the living pnnciple of
this Jovernment, without it the liberties of the
country could not be preserved We see efforts
making daily, on the part of the representative, to
shake-oft all responsibility, and to put at defiance
the populsr will Let it now be established by
the voie of this House, that we are not bound to
lecoid our votes in the election of officers, or on
any other question, and the boldest step towards
lnesponsible power evei yet taken in this Govern-
ment will have been, so fai, established Is there
any exception to the rule laid down in the Consti-
tution ' If elections of officers, the election or
appointment of printers, or any other act, or
thing to Le done by this House, is excepted, let
the exception be shown There is just as much
danger from the exercise of lnesponsible power
in the election of officers of the two Houses of
Congiess.asm innumerable other cases, occurring •
daily, in which the yeas and nays are requned
Youi Clerk disburses annually more than one hun-
dí ed and fifty thousand dollars—has the custody
of the papers and journals of the House The
Speakei presides over the deliberations of this
House—appoints the committees—examines and
conects the Journal—preserves order and deco-
rum—decides questions of order, and m virtue of
his office, may be President of the United States
And have the people no interest m the appoint-
ment of these officers' It is strange if they have
not Should a woithless individual be appointed
to either of these offices, and any signal failure of
duty occur, we should hear the inquiiy—who
voted for him '—by which party was he elected'
But under the existing rules of this House these
would be unavailing questions—secrets which the
people could not know, and which gentlemen say
they ought not to know
The framers of the Constitution did not put it
in the power of a bare majority of either House
to suppress or exclude from the Journals the vote
upon any question whatever, but to effect that
object they required that more than four fifths of
those present.should concur This ¡shows the
jealous apprehensions entertained by those pat-
riots It shows that they foresaw that the repre-
sentatives would be disposed to conceal their pro-
ceedings and to avoid responsibility, and fearing
the combinations of interested members, and the
failure of public virtue, they put in the power of
one fifth of those present to coerce the remaining
four fifths, and compel them to record their votes
for the information of the people And is th's
essential  provision  of the  Constitution  to be
160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
entirely disregarded—nay violated—because it has
been neglected heretofore'
It may be, sir, that I am mistaken on this sub-
ject I am willing, however, to abide the conse
quences of that mistake, and record my vote in
favor of this proposition
Mr HARDIN (owing to a considerable stir,
Mi H 's remarks weie occasionally inaudible at
the reporter's desk) was believed to say that with
out pretending to understand what members of
that House proposed by the resolution, but behev
ins; that gentlemen did intend it should bear upon
all the elections of that Ho >e, he was satisfied,
so far as the elections ot Speaker, seigea t-at
arms, door keeper, assistant door keepei, messen-
gers, &c , were concerned, that the resolution
should be adopter", tior if his honorable friend
fiom Illinois [Mi llt\molds] desned to place the
record of his own vote upon the Journal  would
he have any objection, but theie were certain
officers of the House, if they were officers, in the
election of whom certain conditions were supu
later! for, and wmch must be complied with, or
the contiact made with them would not be wordi
a cent Mi fl then put the case of sherifls ben g
elected in a State Legislature in the mannei pro
posed by the íesolution, vna toce, and the law in
force de< tared he should be appointed in adifferint
way, would the bond required of him be bidding '
Certainly not And so in the present case, if they
were to direct the election of their pmter in any
o her mode than that provided for by the law in
force, the stipulations under the contract made i
with him would be invalid Heundeistood there
had been a variety of modes of electing the print- ,
eis of that House and of the Senate, and great I
complaints made at foimei periods, on account of
their extravagant chaiges and the manner in
which their accounts were audited by the House
In 1810, a committee was raisid fn the pulpóse
of investigating the whole subject, who made a
report, and Die&ented a resolution, which received
the sanction of Congress Mr H here read from
the resolution a lengthy extract, showing the
mannei m which the work was to be executed,
tne puces to be paid, &c Now, said Mi H ,
here was a certain law, fixing the pay (or printing,
and prescribing that the printer shou'd give bond
for the faithful performance of his contract It
moreover prescribed, uiat in the event of the
printer failing to do so, the Clerk of the House
was emjoweted to employ some one else, the
contracting printer to pay for any loss that might
accrue in consequence theieof Mr II waspio
ceedmg on this point, when
Mr VANDCRPOCL rose to a question of
order He would lespectfully inquire of the
Chair if it was in order to argue the question of
electing a public printer, when no such propo&mon
was before the House'
The CHAIR deemed the aipument of the gen
tleman from Kentucky perfectly in order The
resoluuon under discussion provided for the elec
tion of all officers of the House, and as it was
made a question whether the printer was an ofli
cer or not, the remarks of the gentleman came
within the rules of debate
Mr HARDIN proceeded by reading a proviso
he intended to ofFei, and asked the honorable
mover of the resolution if he weie wining to
accept it'   It wa3 read as follows
Provided, That elections ordered by joint reso
lutions of the Senate and House of Representa
Uves, approved and signed by the Piesident, shall
be conducted in mannei and form as aie dnected
by said resolutions
Mr  REYNOLDS dissented
Mr HARDIN was willing to believe the reso-
lution had no particular case in view, but if his
proviso were adopted, every difficulty would be
obviated Suppose we were to disregard the pro
viso, and, under the resolution, proceed to the
election of a printer Mr H would ask, if the
printer would be bound by the contract' Not at
all If he fail in furnishing the  work, and the
Clerk should employ any one else, could we
deduct the same from the stipulation ' No we
could not The lesolution he had before refeired
to, prescribed the form, and they must proceed
according to it The gentleman from Alabama
[Mi McKinley] has discovered that the regula-
tion of 1819 has been repealed We shall see
whethei it is or not [Mr H here read the reso-
lution ] Now, the resolution repealed only just
as much as it altered, and ltahend only that par.,
which piovided that the election biiouid take place
within thuty days of the end of the session That
was the only alteration Did it alter the p ice of
thewoik? No Did italtei themode of appoint-
ing the printer No It only prescribed the time
of election, but left the price of the work, and the
manner of electing, just as the resolution of 1819
did
We were informed that the Constitution of the
United States required all these elections to be
viva voce, that it should be known and spread upon
the journals how each member voted     Mi   H
believed this had never been dnne since the form
ation of this Government in 17S9     The wise men
who fiamed oui system came fiom every quartei i
of the  United States—from the East, where the |
scripture says they shall come fiom   but now, ,
said Mi  II j icosely, thirgs are reversed, and tne I
wise men  are to come fiom the West, (he was
glad of this, for he was a western man himself,)
and discovered errors to which we had been blind
for forty years     Now it was discovered to be
fraught with  danger to elect our o.vn Speaker,
sergeant at arms, door keepers, messenger^, &c
Why, so lit le niteieat did he lake in the elec ion
of these'ofliceis, that about thiee times out of foui,
he took no part in them a* all     Now, howevei, it
was ascertained to be a high responsibility the
representa ive owed to his constituents to record
his vote upon the Journal, and written, he sup
posed, in sun shine on the face of the heavens
What did the people of Illinois care about who
any  of those officers   weie'    lie be'ieved  they
rarely knew their names     Mr  H  would not go
so far as to assert that the resolution pointed to ihe
election of put he printer, but he must say, that }f
the House agreed to tne resolution  it was bour d
to adopt the proviso     Then he thought—he did
not know—but he thought the resolution would
be something like a royal birth in England—still-
born     Mr H concluded by moving the adoption
ot the proviso
Mr   GILMER said, it was remarkable to see
the attention and excitement of the members on this
queslion, and he deemed it important the people
should understind the reason of all this intense
ex< itement     Was it a desire to create a leiorm in
the  administration of the offices  of the House'
Not at all—that was not pretended     It could be
traced   to principles which   «duck  at  the  very
foundations of this Government, and which, if
not   checked, must render  it ihe most  corrupt
Government m the voild     lie asited what was
the diileience between voting by billot ind sniei
noce      It  was  this    When an individual voted
trom his own  unbiased judgment, he  voted by
ballot      But if you  would have him operated on
by ti c dictation or influence of oihers, then let his
vote be viva voce     This was a question íelatirg
to the officers of the House, interesting only to lis
members, and  not to the peoole at larae     He
would be glad to know what the peopleof Illinois
knew or caied about the election of those oHceis
Mi   G   said he did not believe theie were ten
men in Illinois who knew who those oPiceis weie
How should they know whether iheCleik or the
Speaker of that House faithfully and pri mptly
dischaiged their respective duties'    It was not i i I
the nature of things     It was intended tnat by
voting vim voce, the voter should become depen
dunt, and not independent, as some of his fuends
seemed to suopose     It wis a fundamental pnn
ciple in our Government, that the vote by ballot
rendered  the voter independent, wntle the vote
vita voce rendered his subsetvient     It could not
be denied that theie would be less opportunity for
the free and unbiased exercise of the ] idgment of
the members in selecting their own officers when
they were biought up to face those who wielded
the power,   the influence, and the offices of the
Government, m giving  in   their  suffiages     He
asked if it was worthy of that House to 'husgive
an opportunity of renden lg its members liable to
such undue influence     TI p practice long put sued
of electing the officeis of the House, and of ¡e
electing them so lorg as  they  discharged then
duties with fidelity, had been found safe and satis-
factory, and the opeiation of the proposed chai ge
could only tend to render the officers so e e-teil,
the mere creature, the tool, the s i vile instrument,
of the mojo  ty or wh mhewasdei endant for hiss
I s ation     He trusted t^eie v as not a meml er (f
i that House, who wished to see their officers sei-
I vilely dependan on any n dividual member or
i any portio i of members    The design was not so
riuch to make members respe nsible lo the jeopie,
! as to a self constituted power surrounding them
| Here was the very evil of our (government, which,
I if not conected, and seduously guaided against,
I mus' event lally sap its foundations     Sn, (said
I Mi G ,) I will voteagatn«tany man who wnl dare
¡ to avow him&elf dependant alone on  the majority
I v ho aie to  elect him     He  would not, and he
I trusted the House would not, permit itself to sane
tion  h s dangeiuus nrinciole     Evei y thing in this
country v as loo! lrg towards this great evil, and
I should it continue to be countenanced, this Gov-
ernment could noi stand
I     Mr MILLER said, that 'ong before he had the
horoi of a seat in this House, his attention had
I been turned to the piesent rule, mder which the
i members vote by I allot for the ojjiceis of the House
lie bod always thought it wiong      He well recol-
lected A>nen at home among the people, in exam
ming the pioceedings of Congress in the papers,
the general  result of the election  could only be
seen     But the people could not ascertain from a
list of yeas and nays, how their own immediate
lepresentstue, nor how any other member had
voted     He also lecollected that one of his piede-
cessois (the late Mr   Ramsey) had, during his
teim, brought this subject beUie the House, by
moving a resolu ion veiy similai  to the one now
under consideration, ai -d having pi ecisely the same
object in view      He then  felt astonished that it
had not met with a moie favirable reception, as
he had always thought the proposed change so
leasonable in itself, that it was only necessary to
bring it to the no ice of the House to msuie ita
adoption     He thought there was a pecali ir fitnesc
and piopnety in the alteration of the rule as pi o
posed     It was due to the members themselves,
and it was also due to then constituents, that the
coange should be made    1 he present mode oi
voting is not only an unlesTved reflection upon
the  independence  of   members,   but  it   subjects
them, m  some instances, to  unjust i nputaiions
Tneu polities! of ponerts miy íepresent them as
having voted  foi   this  man  01   for that man foi
Speakei or public printer, so «is to injure them in
the estimation of their constituents, ar d there is no
journal, 01 published hot of yeas and nays, to put
che question to rest
I he Speaker of this House is one of the most
impol tan tend dignified officers in the Government
He occupies a die,tinguishedtaiid vei> elevated
1 osition in the eyes of the people of this nation
The people, therefore, have a right to know how
their repi ese itatives vote in his election, as well as
that of public printer, and the other officers of the
House
In the State which he had the honor to repre
s nt, in pfrt, the penj le vote by ballot themselves
This he thought right their vote¡> are their own,
and no one has a ngkl to inquire how they dis-
pose of them But it is not so with regard to their
íepiesentat ves So tenacious and careful had the
people of Pennsylvania been on this subject, that
they had made it a piovi ion in their constitution,
that all vo'es given nva repr sentative capacity,
snould be vita toce The representative gives the
vote of his constituents, and not his own, and con-
sequently they have a i ght to know how he does
give it This, as a general ru'e, cannot be suc-
ce=s'uiiy controverted in a representative govern-
ment And surely the case under consideration,
forms no exception
H" vvas no lif le astonished at the opposition to
the resolution by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mi Ha"di>t ] He represents a Sttte where the
neople themselves vote at the polls mva voce—an
intelligent and independent people, who prclaim
a'oud for whom they vo'e, and why should he, as
their represontative, wifh to put in >i secret ballot,
*or any officer of this House, in preference to
naming aloud the indiv dnsl foi whom he votes'
Certainly gentlemen who represe it those Slates
wheie the people themselves vote ma tore, will
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
be the last to resist the adoption of the resolution
under consideration
Mr M said that he would not enter m'o a
discussion of the abstruce legal question, as to
wnether the pub'ic printer of this House is an
of+icer 01 a mere contractor In his opinion it had
nothm" to do with the question under considera
lion "With íegaid to the objection that is made,
that the adoption of this resolution will inteiftie
with the joint resolution of the two Houses rela-
tive to electing a printer, he would observe that it
is true the fir3t resolution on that subject provides
mat the choice shall be made by ballot But the
last resolution on the subject, passed at the session
of 182S-'29, piovides that the members of each
House shall role foi a punter, omitting; the wold
by ballot He had always understood that the
last oi subsequent law repeals the fo mer, when
there is any inconsistency or incongruity between
them He theiefo-e thojght that the members
were in this case at perfect hbeity to vote in any
manner they may choose to adopt, so far as this
joint lesoluuoii is concerned
Th<> resolution now undei considerrtion is one
on which much might be said by traveling into
irrelevant and extraneous natters out it is one
that requires but little aigument to show the pro
priety of Us adoption
The question presented is nothing moie nor
less than simply this Shall we change the nde of
this House in relation to the election of officers,
so that our constituents and all others may know
for whom we do vo'e, oi shall we continue the
present rule, so that neither they nor any one eise
shall know foi whom then votes aie given by the
Representatives'
Mr BRIGGS said, that a few points had been
raised in this discussion m refeience to the powei
of that House in the election of its officer's, which
seemed to him ought not to be suffeied to pass
without especial notice Tne gentleman from
A'alama [Mr McKinley] seemed to admit that
the House had the power to piescnbe the mode
of its own action, and while he also admitted that
the law of 1819 had prescribed that mode to be
by ballot, 1 e contended that by the subsequent
law of IS29 that mode was changed How was
this' The law of 1819 prescribed that the mode
should be by ballot, and that the choice should fall
on the individual who had a plurality of all the
votes, instead of a bare majority In 1829 the
House again took up the sub|ect, and he would
call upon the gentleman from Alabama, as a law-
yei,to look into the resolution then adopted, and
ask himself what the Legislature of 1829 intended
to do What were the evils the second law pro
posed to remedy, and wherein and how fai had
the previous law been changed > The only prin-
ciple changed had been that of a majority to a
plurility ot votes being necessary, and the clause
pioviding that tne election should take place
within thirty days of the expiration of Congress
Now, the gertleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr
Mu Lm,] who laid down the principle very cleaily,
told us that the resolution of 1829 did change the
mode of election, and how did henroveit' Why,
forsoo'h, beciuse it merely said the House shall
pioceed to vote for a prirter, without, as in the
for«ier resolution, specifying the mode and man-
ner in which it should be done According to the
gentleman's iuie of construction, the omission of
piescribmg the mode in the law of 1829, neces-
sarily in-solved the repeal of the clause in that of
1819, which set forth that the election should be
by ballot If Mr B was not entirely mistaken,
the provisions of the resolution of 1829 did not
reach the mode of elec ion at all
[Mr McIUNLEY here read the joint resolu-
tion of that year ]
Mr BRINGS But that resolution distinctly
provided that no more of the lesolution of 1819
should be repealed than was contrary to the pro
visions thereof The gentleman says that the
omiss on is a virtual repeal—we say tha,t the law
of 1819 having piescribed the mode of election,
and no mention being made of its repeal in the
subsequent law, but on the other hand a clause
providing that nothing should be repealed contrary
to its provisions,'hat the old mode is still in force
Another question It seemed that the great
principle of liberty was involved in the mode of
electing our officers    The great principle of our
Constitution—the great pn nciple of representative
accountabili'y, now for the fiist time discovered,
after forty yeais practice and experience     This
was extraordinary    The fen leman from Penn-
sylvania m his own pecuhaily appropriate and
chaste mannei, has ask°d if any membei upon
that floor wished to "sneak" in his vote by the
ballot'   Mr B  would ask, if the people of Penn-
sylvania were wont to "sneak" in their ballots in
the election of then State officers '    Would the
gentleman aver that he was sent to that House by
the ballots of the " sneaking" citizens of Penn-
sylvania'    Did the gentleman in %otmg " sneak"
m his own ballot'   Let tho=e who are sneaks, say
so, he did not believe the gentleman to  be one
Mr  B  would allude to the people of Massachu-
setts, and those of New England generally, «ho
had been pecuhaily watchful of the right of suf-
fiage, and guarded it with  the utmost vigilance
No officer dared  to  Icok into the bal ot-box of
a freeman, and  they  were  still satisfied  with
their expeiience of the past, and relied on it as
one of the main píllalo of thei - futuie welfare
He knew that out brethien in other parts of the
Union entertained ad fferentiden, and sustained it
by arguments of g eat weight, but, in his opinion,
they did not counterbalance the íeasoiio for the
mode by ballot    The gentleman fiom Illinois has
told us that by adopting this mode of electing mva
v ce, we should letuin to the great principles of
the Con utution     Now, sit, said Mi   B , I will
pause to give the gentleman an opportunity of
pointing out a bingle clause of that sacied uisiru
ment embracing any provision, oi saying one word
about voting ma ¿oce     The gentleman maket. i o
reply     Mr    B   apprehended  it had escaped the
gentleman's recollection that the only | lovision
therein that pies nb- d the mamei n wnich the
Representatives cf the .people should vote  l elated
to a subject more mtere¡>un¿ to tne people ot this
country than an/othei—he had almost said, of
all others, and that was the cl oite of tl e Cnief
Magisuate, wneieitwas laid down expressly that
they snould vote by ballot
J     Ihe Constitution proiidtd firU, that " the elec
i 'tori, shall meet in then íespectiveS ates and\ote
I ' ot/ ballot," and if tnere   be  iu cnoice, or two
peisoiis have a majonty, "'then the Houie of
j 'Representatives shall immedia ely chooseoi/iiaiiti
| ' one of them for President and if no person have
I ' a majority, then fiom the five highest on the list
' the said House sha!', in hie manner, choose the
' President "   And again, in the election of Vice
Piesident, " if there remain two or moie who have
' equal votes, the Senate shall choose fiom them
'byballot the Vice Piesident "   Thus, then, we see
that the wise fiameis of that sacred instrument
have provided foi the election by ballot, and that,
too, by the servants of the people upon the flior
of Congress    These pi o\ isio-is of the Constitution
weie full, (howevei gentleman mijht talk about
the sacred pincip'es of liberty,) and the fact was
deduced fiom them that the legitimate principle
of voting in this Hou«e must be by ballot     We
weie  told   that, when the  Representative  weni
home to his constituents, he might, by means of
the ballot, shield himself fium accountability to
tlem, but Mi   B  said, this brought him to the
converse of that conclusion   and under these views
his duty would lead him to \ote against the adop-
tion of the lesolution
Several members rose to address the House
The fl lor was obtained by Mr PEYTON, who
gave way to
Mr LOVE, who moved an ad|ouinment
Mr  MANN, of New Yoik, asked for the yeas
and nays, but the House refused to ordei them
The motion to adjourn was then putand earned
without a division
IN SENATE
Monday, Janumy 26, 1835
Petitions  and   memoiials  were  presented  by
Messrs    TIP10N,   T0V1LINS0N,  TYLER,
BLACK, and CLAY I ON
RLPORTS  OF COMMITTEFS
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an unfavorable íeport upon the petition of
Roger Bond
Mr TIPTON, from the same-committee, made
an unfavorable repoit upon the petition of the
marshal of the district of Missouri, for certain
allowances
Mi WHITE, from the Gommittee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill fiom the
House of Representatives to authorize the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs at St Louis to employ
a clerk, reported the same with an amendment,
limiting the employment to one year, and the
salary to $700
Mi MOORE presented certain joint resolutions
fiom the Legislature of Alabama, on the subject
of reducing the minimum pneeof the public lands;
which was laid on the table
Mr CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, made an unfavorable report upon the petition
of Ludwig Ludwigson, for leave to introduce
certain slaves into New Orleans, and the Com-
mittee was discharged fioni the fuither consider-
ation of the same
Mr CLAY10N, from thesamecommittee,also
made an unfavorable repoit upon the petition of
Noah Blown and others
Mr LEIGH, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petitions oc Robeit Ferroll,Unah Foi est, and
Zickguell Moigan
Mi LEIGH,ftomthesameCommittee,reported
a bill for the relief of John Spitfatbom, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr PRESTON, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an unfavorable repoit upon the peti-
tion of Captain Richard H  Bell
Mi BELL, fiom the Judiciary Committee,
íepoited a bill authonzing the issuing of a patent
to John Howard Hairi", for his discovery of a
method for preserving vegetable substances from
decay
Mi KING, of Alabama, fiom the Committee
on Military Allans, to whom was íeferred the
b'll making appropriations fortherepau of certain
fortifications in the State of Maryland, reported
a bul authorizing the purchase ot a lot of land
ad] «nuig Fort Mcllenry, near Baltimore
The last named bills were read the fust time,
and ordeied to a second reading
HOUSE BILLS.
The joint lesolution from the House of Repie-
s ntatives authorizing the Secretary of State to
deliver to the Secretaiy of War such of the papéis
of General Washington, purchased by the Gov
emment, as may be necessary m the investigation
of pension claims,
The bill from the House of Representatives to
authorize the relief of James Middleton Puttie, of
Aikansas, and
The bill authorizing letters patent to be issued
to Francis B  Ogden,
Were each read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr   ROBB1NS, puisuant to notice, given on
Friday last, submitted the following resolution
Resolved, That the S cretary of the Senate be,
and heieby is, authorized to furnish the Senators
who have been elected since the last distribution
of the Register of Dtbates, published by Gales &
Seaton, rnd who have taken, oi shall take their
seats in the Senate duung the presant session,
each with a copy of said woik
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
By Mr  MOORE
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into thepropuety of making
a suitable appropriation, to aid in the election of a
court house, row in pi ogress in Madison county,
Alabama, in order to piovidefor the accommoda-
tion cf the District Court of the United States
holden at that place
By Mr TIPTON
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads beinstiucted tomqiuie into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Manon to Huntington, thence to Goshen, Indi-
ana, a post route from Greensville, by Recovery,
Ohio, to Hun ington, Indiana, a post route from
Yellow nvei post office to Lioorte a post íoute
fiom ICuk' Cioss Roid by I rankfert and Delhi
to Mnntirello and a post route from Logansport
by Turkey Crtek Prairie and Goshen to White
Pigeon, in Michigan Terntoiy
162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr EWING, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made a report
Mr E observed, thatastheieport was long, he
would move to dispense with the reading ot it,
unless some gentleman desired to have it read
A desire having been expressed to hear the
repoit, Mr EWING commenced reading it, and
three houis and a half having been consumed in
that process, before it was concluded,
Mr, CLAY.atfoui o'clock, rose and said, that
he intended mrving the Senate to go into the con-
sideration of executive business to day, but this
report having intervened, had prevented him. As
he undeis'ood that there was a counter report to
be read, he would now move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESEN TATIVES
Monday, Jmmm¡/ 26, 1835
Mi PLUMMER asked that a correction might
be made in the Journal On the motion to lay
the resolution respecting a vote %i a voce for offi
cers of the House on the table, he had vo'ed in
the negative, but his name had not been recorded
Mr PiNOKNEY inquiied whether the gentle
man from Mississippi was present and voted
Mr CAMBRELENG stated tnat the gentleman
sat neai him, at the time, and voted on the ques
tion
The correction was then oidered to be made
PFTITIONS, FTC
Petitions «ind memorials weie piesented by—
Messrs  EVANS and JARVIS, of Maine,
Messis HUBBARD and BEAN, of New
II mpshue,
Messrs LINCOLN, PHILLIPS, and JACK
SON, of Massachusetts,
Messrs BARBER and TRUMBULL, of Con
nectieu',
Mr JANES, of Vermont,
Messrs HARD, HUNTINGTON, FILL
MORE, PCIILO C TULLER, DICKSON,
WARD, HAZELT1NE, and FERRIS, of New
York
[Mr W Attn, of New York, presented a memo-
rial ot the York Town Piesbytenan Church, New
York, and the petition and additional documents
in the case of the legal lepresentatives of E
Lock wood, both of which were refened lo the
Committee on Revoluti mary Claims Also, the
petition of Isiael Reynolds Refened to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions ]
Mi   LCE, of New Teisey,
Messis WAGGLNLR, SUTIirRLAND,
WATVIOUGU, and SILWARl.of Pennsyl-
vania,
Mr  MILLIGAN, of Dehwore,
Messis   TAYLOR and ClIINN, of Viigmm,
Mi   SPEIGHT, of Noith Carolina,
Mi   P1NCKNEY, of South Carolina,
Messrs JOHNSON and ALLAN, of Ken
tucky,
Mr STANDITER, of Tennessee
Messis CRANE, MITCHTLL, LYTLE,
VINTON, and CORWIN, of Ohio,
Messrs LANE and EWING, of Indiana,
Mr PLUMMER, of Mississippi,
[Mr Piummer presented ihe petitions of John
H McKennie, B iyli3 Nations, W lliam BUnton,
v itliam B Edwards, Robert Belshar, Willttm
Ormon, Nathan Edwards, Josiah Edwards, Wil
ham Suilivant, Calvi'i Cushman, Woodaid Roane,
A McCaslin, Stephen Smith, Tohn II Byers,and
William W Byers, representing that they have
been deprived of Ihe benifits of the preemp'ion
act of March 2,1803, m consequenceof a decision
of the land officers against them, and praying for
relief Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands ]
Messis CASEY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois
[Mr Casey presented the petition of sundiy
citizens of the southeastern counties of Illinois,
boidermg on the Ohio and Wabash rivers, pray
ing the erection of a hosp tal at Shawneetown, :n
said State
Upon introducing the petition, Mr C made
some app>opriate remaiks, particularly showing
the great necessity of such a hospital upon the
Ohio, and especially at that point, which is the
great landing place, not only fir a large portion
of theinteiior of Illinois, but for a very great por
tion of the immense trade of the Big Wabash ]
[Mr Reynolds presented the petition of Cap-
tain Halstead, praying to be paid for his military
services m th  campaign of 1832 against the hos-
tile Indians in the State of Illinois
Also, the memorial of the inhabitants of the
village of Cahokia, in the State of Illinois
Mr R stated that this was one of the ancient
villages on the Mississippi The French Gov
ernment, under winch this village was settled,
granted to the citizens a tract of land as a common
to said village An act of Congiess passed in the
year 1791, granting to said inhabitants the «se of
said land as a common Now the inhabitants
piay the confirmation of said land, and that the
fee simple property be granted to them Said
memorial was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands ]
Messis  CLAY and MARDIS, of Alabama,
[Mi Clay presented the petition of Richard
Cottrell, asking remuneration for provisions, for-
age, &e , furm hed to the army under Geneial
Jackson, in the Cieek war, which was refened to
the Committee on Claims
Mr C also presented the petition of numerous
citizens of Benton county, Alabama, asking the
establishment of certain post routes therein de-
scribed ]
Messrs BULL and ASHLEY, of Missouri,
and
Mr LYON, of Michigan
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately ¡efeired
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTFD,
On motion of Mi   HAZLL1INE,
Resolicd, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation for íunning and
continuing the woiks at Dunkirk harbor, New
York
On motion of Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Af-,
fans be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing foi   the complete extculion of the
8th article of the Floiida treaty,so far as it ¡elates
to the claims of lands between the Mississippi and
Peidido nvers, and   that  the report of the late
Secretary of Slate, Edward Livingston, Esq , and
the resolution of the Legislatuie of Louisiana, in
relation to that subject, be refeired to said com
mittee, with the docum«nts in lelation theieto,
piesented at this session by o-der of the Senate
On motion of Mr MUHLENBERG,
Resolud, Thit the Committee on the Public
Buildings be instiucted to inquire into the expe
diency of piocuung such additional statues as
may be necessary to complete the original design
of the Capitol, and of employing Luigi Pérsico to
execute the same
Mi DENNY offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day
Resulted, That the Seuetaiyot War be, and
he is hereby, requested to communicate to this
House a statement of the amount paid annually,
and the pi ice per pound during the last five years,
for the tianspoitation of arms and other military
and public stores from Harper's Feny, Balti-
more, Washington Arsenal, and any other posts
oi places in Virginia, Maryland, and District of
Columbia, to Pittsburg and other posts in the
western country
On motion of Mi   GILMER,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House lay
before it, as soon as piacticable, any information
in his oifi e upon the subject of a ceitificate given
by John Pierse Commissioner of Army Accounts,
to the State of Georgia, for the sum of §123 283 70,
in 17b5,for payment made by the State of Geoigia
to its officers for commutation and other pay due
them, together with the original certificate, if it be
in his office
On motion of Mr STANDIFER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of allow
ing to Samuel Eskridge the amount of his claim
for moneys advanced the agent of the United
States, and that the papers and evidence m sup-
port of said claim be referred to ¡.aid committee
On motion of Mr MITCHELL,
Reso led, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquiie into the
expediency of establishing a po t route from New
Lancaster, through Baltimore, Lura, Granville
Fiedoma, and Homei,to Mount Vernon, in the
State of Ohio
On motion of Mr KILGORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Washington, Washington county, Pennsylvania,
via Wellsburg, Virginia, Smithfield, Cadiz, New
Philadelphia, and Worster, to Norwalk, Huron
county, Ohio
On motion of Mr  MAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allow-
ing the claims of Albion T Crew against the
Government for property lost during the late Indian
war
On motion of Mr  MURPHY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the act of Congress passed on the 23d
May, 1828, entitled "An act for the relief of pur-
chases of the public lands that have ie\eited for
the non payment of the purchase money," and
the act on the same subject passed in June, 1832,
so as to enable the heirs or legal representatives
of deceased persons to draw scrip on all forfeited
land stock remaining in the name of such deceased
persons, upon the heirs or legal representatives of
such deceased persons giving a refunding bond,
to be approved of by the register of the land
office, in double the amount of the scrip issued,
and under such other restrictions as may be
thought proper and necessary in all cases when
the original certificates given to such deceased
persons have been lost or destioyed
Mr LYON, by leave, offered the following
resolution, which was agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re
quested to furnish this House, as far as practica
ble from the information in his office, with an esti
mate of the expense necessary to complete the
opening of the military road from Green Bay to
Prairie du Chien, in the Territory of Michigan,
so as to allow the transportation of troops and
military stores thereon when necessary Also, an
estimate of the expense required to open a road
from Saginaw to Macinac, in said Territoiy, for
similar purposes
"Mr LYON offered the following resolution,
which was rejected
Resolved, Ihat this House will, on Thursday,
the 5th day of February next, consider and dis-
pose of bills relating to Terntoiies
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr PAT! ON asked the consent of the House
to offer the following resolution
Kesohed, That the Committee on Foieign
Affairs, to which was referred that part of the
message of the President which concerns oui re
lations with France, be instructed to report the
following resolutions to the House-
1st Resolved, That the claims of our citizens
for reparation from France, provided for in the
treaty of the 4th July, 1831, rest upon the strong-
est giound of right and justice—and their validity
and extent have been rendered " incontestable,"
as between the two Governments by that Con-
vention
2d Resolved, That the idea of acquiescing m
the refusal of France to execute the treaty will
not be entertained by any branch of tins Govern-
ment, and that we ought to insist, and have a
right to expect that France will not persist in the
failure to comply with her engagements made in
that treaty
3d Resolved, That as the King of the French
has, in spme of the most recent communications
which have passed between the Ministers of the
two Governments, given repeated and reiterated
assurances of his sincere desire to have the treaty
cairied into effect—has declared his intention to
present the bill for that purpose, as soon as the
Chambers can be assembled, and his determina-
tion to use every exertion in his power to obtain
the appropriation as the bill was heretofore reject-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
ed m the Chnmlftr of Deputies by a very small
ajonty, and us that body 19 now in session at an '
earlier pet ud than was anuei ate! vh"n Congress
met, we ou lit, at present to confde m the s n
centy of the professions of the F ench Executive,
and íelyíog s'lll upon the honor and integrity of
Fiance, notwithstanding the unjustifiable delays
which have taken plate, not nov/ abandon the
hope that the obligation of good faith and a due
sense of the justice of our claims will not be fin illy
dtsregaided and overlooked by the Trench Gov-
ernment in any of its departments                         j
4 h   liesoheú, That it is not expedient, at this I
time, and  under existing circumstances, to adopt
any legislative measure in  reiuuon  to our affairs
with Frame
Oijection being made, Mi PVTTON moved
to suspend he rule of the H< u«f, in ordei that he
mmht be enabled to offer the resolutions He did
not deciie to press them at this time, but merely to
lay the resolutions on the table
After some conversvion between the SPEAK
Eft ard Me^is C AMBRELENG, CLAY, and
PATTON, as to the effect of the motion, the
question was taken by veas and nays, and decided
111 the negative-—yeas 1UJ, nays 109                      I
REPORTS Or COMMITTEES
Mi CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, iej orted a bnl fiom the Senate for
the relief of Ardiew Know, without imendment,
which vva-. read and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union
Mr CAR.R, from the same eommiue , reported
a bill for the relief of George Douglass and others
therein mined, which was read twice ard coti-
miiied to a C<" mmut e of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to morrow
Mr CARR, from the same committee, asked
to be discharged from the fui'her consideration of
the petition of James Ribbott, and, on motion, it
was ordered to be laid on the table
Mr CiRR.from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of William Bowman, of Mor-
gan county, Ind' ma, which was read twice and
postponed until Friday next
Mr MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary C'aims, reported a bill for the relief
of the heirs of William Northrup, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr CHILTON", from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reponed the following resolution
Resolved, That Fnday, the 6th of February, be
set apart and specially devoted to the consideration
of bills for the benefit of such individuals as are
seeking pensions, as invalid soldiers, and in who«e
favor reports have been made from theCommittee
on Invalid Pensions
The resolution was agreed to
Mr BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the renef of William
Iveher, which was read twice and commuted
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions,elc ,
were made by Messrs MARSHALL, MUCH-
ELL, BANKS, BARBER, and J YNES, from
their respective committees
ELECTION OF OFFICERS OF THE   HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES.
The following 1 evolution, heretofore offered by
Mi   RC^ NOLDS, c-ime up in course
" Resoíi tí/, That hereafter, m all elections made
1 by the House of Repiesentatives (for officeis)
' the \otes shall be given tun toce, each member
' in his plaie naming aloud the person foi whom
' he votes "
With thefollowing proviso, offered on Saturday
by Mi   H-UtDlN
" Ptouded, That elections ordered by joint res
' olutions of the Senate and House of Representa-
' uvea, approved and signed by ihe President,
' shall be conducted in manner and form as are
'dnected by said resolutions "
Mr PE\ PON rc¡ e and addressed the House
as follow)-                                                                       '
Mi   Nmm   I am partiil to inaioce voting,
and especially to titaioce siting   This partiality
and my gieat anxiety to avoid encroaching upon 1
'he constitutional powers of the next Congress, 1
induced me to vote in favor of laying the resolution I
offered by the honorable gentleman from Illinois
[Mr Reskolds] on the table, that I might offer
what I am compel'cd to submit as an amendment,
wi'hout any incumbrance whatever What I am
about to propose, will secure ¿viva voce \o*e in all
election's, and assert the light of each Con¿tess to
elect its prmtei I have never seen the t meorp'ace
when 1 was the least embairassed in declaring foi
whom I intended to vote, and I hope I never shall
be so craven in smut, so lost to that independence
wlu h is native in the bosoms of my constituents,
as to crouch, and hide—do mu thing and say ano-
ther
And sir, I must be per mired to defend the
citizens of my netive State from those imoutatiins
which have been -ast upon eh who vote by ballot
in their elections Tennessee has voted in that
manner in the election of all her officer  for near
ly forty years, and she ha? notlo t her liberty, her
gallan ry, or independence. And if gentlemen
think so, they are mucn mis'aken No sir, such
thmg3 depend upon the tone of sentimentamongst
men, more than the mere mode of expressing that
sent.roent 1 he man who would respresent the
chaiac'er and fee'ings of her people, must be
frank, candid, and independent, must be a plain
case—no h'ding, nor dodging If you ever see a
gentleman at this—who cant be found—you may
feel, but cannot see him—who leaves no sign—
can't tell which ei d of the road he has gone—if
you catch him out in a snow, get on his track end
are confident you have him, but when you come
to find out, he has turned the heels of his shoes
before ard you are on the back track—such a
man is no Tennesseean
Butwhi'e I vindicate the character of Tennessee
from those suspicions which have been thrown
upon her on accouni of the mode cf electing pub-
1 c officers, ingrafted upon that constitution which
Andiew Jackson aided in forming, and retained
by her recent Convention after thir'y eight yejrs
experience, I "m willing tha' all elections by Con-
gress shall be mu toce I like to hear gentlemen
speak out boldly on this floor, as well as else-
where, for of all thing , 1 have the least taste for
hypoency or double dealing But sir, I am
equally anxious to secure another object, which
must be dear to my honorable colleagues who
agree in poU'ical sentiment with me, and my
friends from Alabama, New York, and elsewhere,
and that is the right of each Congress to elect its
own printer. I know we all agreed in oui consti
tutional views on this subject last winter It was
a question which produced much excitmentmmy
district, and in the State generally I gave my
views, as I am now about to express them and
pledged myself to my constituents, if no one else
did, to offer a resolution embracing substantially
what I now offer on the subject of pointer, and to
move to go into the election at the commencement
of the last session I did not do so, and this re-
quires an explanation to my constituents My
apo'ogy is to be found in the fact that after I had
my resolutions.prepared, and was on the eve of
presenting them, I wos?e(/iie íeiito permitan oldti
and much abler member of this body, my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. McKinlft,] who addressed
the House on baturday, to offer the resolutions,
to this I assented with gieat pleasure, but he was
thwarted by the introduction of Mr McDtFFic's
resolution on the deposite question, which was
debated the greater part of the session I am
proud of an opportunity of ledeeming my pledge
to my constituents, and at the same time enabling
my honorable friends to act out their principles,
and aid me in lerlaimmg foi each Congiess the
exeicise of its inherent and constitutional lights
I have adopted the only mode by which this can
be effected, and at the same time secure a m«
toce vote 1 have no petty pirty puiposes to
subseive We were for it •Hthela'rt session upon
princple, and cannot be against it at this Our
party is overwhelming in strength, u is committed
on this question We \m\e said that the Constitu-
tion has been violated by an expiring sess on of
Congiess e'ectmg a punter for a new Congress,
and let us not bring upon ourselves the reproach
of inconsistency, but nobly step forward to the
rescue of the Constitution
Able unanswerable arguments have been made
on this question in the other end of the Capitol,
by a great statesman and true Democrat, which 1
am sure will have due weight with alt, and with
none moie than my friends from New Yoik I
ahude s r, to ihe pe weiful argument made by the
honor die Thomis H Rentom, in the Senate, on
tie 19 n, and published in the Globe of the 291
Februaiy, 1833, on the motion to go into theelec-
tion of public printer He had, on the 13 h of
t*ie same month, introduced a resolution, the sub-
stance of which, I have embraced in my amend-
ment It was a joint resolution of both Houses—
so is mine It changed the time of the election of
pi inter from the end of the expiring C ingress to
the first week of ihe new Congress, so does mine
Here Mr Benton's resolution stopped, mmegoes
furthe-, and declares that the election of punier,
and all other elections, shall be mva wee And
ihis is the only material difference between them
I confess that 1 should have been somewhat at a
loss as to the powers of tl is House, in repealing,
or in any measure cnangmg, a joint resolution of
both Houses, wl ich has received the "anction of
the Pi e ident, bm for the light which that able and
inde'augdble Sena'or has shed upon this subject
1 had looked upon the resolution of 1819asuncon-
stitutioi a! ard \oid, so did he. and he oopear3 to
la^e been prepaied to sustain that p oposition,
whenever it should be presented But when the
question arose whether the Senate could recognize
its val'dity a« ajoint resolution, and at the same
time change any one of Us features, by a single
resolution, he promptly decided that it could not
This, su , was with me an unansweiable objection
to voting for the re olution of the gd tleman fiom
Illinois It is a single resolu'ion, which will
change the mode of electing a pr.nter from a vote
by ballot to viva joee, under a joint iesolution,and
change it m nothing else, thus recognizing ua
validity m every word and sellable, except as to
the mode of making the eleetio 1 It cannot be
done We haie a piecedent, duectly in point, I
quoie from Mr Bemtos's speech before alluded
to     Ml   B  said
" His present object wis to prevert an election
' at this session, \nd for this he had a good pre-
' cedei t, onginating in the Senate itself, piecisely
1 in point, in every particular. He referred to the
' election of a public printer towards the close of
' Mr. Adams's admmistraiion, when Mr Green
' was elected over Gales &, Seaton The election
' cameon, several ballotingstook place, Mr Green
' had a plurality of the votes, not a majority of the
' whole The pint resolution under which the
' Senate balloted (iheiesolu'ion of 1819) expressly
' declared that a pluiahty should be sufficient, but
' the majority, on the eve of proceeding to the
' bailo', had passed a smgle resolution, to control
' thejotni re olution, declaring that a majority of
' the whole should be necessary to a choice The
' supporters of Mr Green claimed the election,
' but the majonty adhered to their single resolu-
' Hon against the tei ms of the joint resolution, and
' refused to Dermit the election of Mr Green to be
' declared He (Mr B ) then moved that the
1 ballotings shou'd be discontinued Theyweie
' discontinued accoidingly No election of printer
1 was declared The session terminated without
' any further proceedings on the subject At the
' commencement of the next session a resolution
' was brought in, declaring that Mr Green had
' been duly elected at the preceding session He
' (Mr  B ) voted for the íesolution "
It passed Can there be a stionger, clearer case
in point' Here the Senate went in 0 the election
under the j nnt resolution of lfcU9, but passed a
«ingle íesolution, altering it so far only as the
number of votes necessary to constitute an elec-
tion was concerned Thit su g e resolution was
declared to be a nullity by the Senate at its next
session on the ground that a joint resolution could
not be altered or changed by a single íesolution
And the Senate and House of Repiesentatives, in
lb29, did, by a joint resolution of both Houses,
make the alteration which had been attempted to
be midethe preceding session by theSenaiealone,
and declared that a mtjonty of the whole number
of vo'es gi\en should be necessary to a choice in
the election of printer, but lea\mg the resolution
of 1819 unchanged 111 every othei particular
Now, sn, have not the Senate and House of
Representatives each ected on this question of
altering the íesolution of 1829, by a single res-
olution, and decided that it cannot be done    I
J 64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
think so most clearly I would have no hesita-
.ion m saying that tne whole resolution could
be set aside by any new Congress which might
choose to elect its own printei, but I deny that an
expini gCongi ess, which has made all its elections,
can, by a single íesolution,alter ajomt íesolution
in part, the validity of which resolution is recog
nized as constitutional I ask gentlemen to deal
candidly, and say whether their ooject is not to
go into ti e election of punter at this session' If
not, what other election is coming on at this ses-
sion !
And, sir, I should like  to know whether  the
next Congress will not beas well qualified to judge
for itself o( the mode of electing its officers, as this
Congress is     What right have we to say to our
successors you are a " shppenj, sneaking" set of
fellows*'   We have a high regard foi your con
stuuents, but  no confidence  in  you, and  have
therefore said that you shall vote iiva voce in the
election of your officers     Itistiue that we elected i
a'l our ofheeis by ba lot—theie i*. no complaint—
the House i& satisfied—the country is well pleased |
—not a word  of discontent, save an occasional
gioan of disappointment,   coming not fiom the i
House or country     Su, it appears to me to be
stepping over the line of our duty, to undertake to i
dictate to the next Congress with regard to the '
mode of the election of a pmnter     The Constitution J
secuies to each House the power to deteunine-tlie '
lules of its proceeding, but not to piescnbe ru'es
to govern the proceeding's of the next Coi g-ess
But, su, as it will stand in the light of a meie
recommends ion to the next Congiess, 1 am will
ing  to accom nádate gentlemen in thei-fondness
foi viva loce voting,  with a hope of conciliating I
then supporton the main question—thatofsecui
ing to each Gongiess the light to elect l's own
printei     S r, I am the more inclined to this, as it
is «aid tnat it will ceitaitwj secute pcijecl mdepen
deuce in voting, wheieas, now it is complained
that the oldest d ill 'eigcants may take out a rtw
reciuit, and dull him  fui   hours, and   when he
comes to vote he will not fed tho£.e noble, lofty
sentiments ot indipem'ence which wi I prompt 1 im
to give the seigcimk's vote, but will sneuLmgly give
his own     lhis  is   monstrous, ami  ou„ht to be
coirerted     Foi, if it is not, the noole science of
drilling will  be snipped of half its charoi¡>, and
wild, lude militia men will be constantly consult
in  then jal^meiUs and then coii4tieiii.es in gitat
national <¡ ie¡>tioi s, involving the liberty, h lppi
ness  and constitution ll safety of the country   All
of vt Inch, it is thought, may be coi retted by a
combination of the two opeiations of the seigeant
on dn'l to leain him uhit i„ right with  the ni|
p*is, to pn ch the woid fiom him at the light time
afterwaids     Tins is so pcifett a system of ,nde
pendente, tl at   ill   nen  must be delighted at the
dawn of that bold  and ¿lonous lepubli   in   sun
which is about to shed a flood of 'ij;ht upon oui
hitheito daik and benighted hall of legislation
But, sir, to the main question—that of nost
pomng the election of puntei until the next sessio ) I
of Coligiese     1 beg letneagain t> itfei the House
to the able and lucid argument of Mi   Dim on on
thi-s subject     He said                                                 j
" Ilia ob|ect was to vindic-ite the right of the [
' new Congiess to choose its own office!s That
' light belonged to it It belonged to it both lnhe
'lentlyand by the Constitution It would have
1 reqmied a constitutional piovision to take it j
' away, not to secuie it yet, in two pi ices, the
'Constan ion guartnties this ught Once, in
' speaking of thellouse of Representatives, which
' 18 to elect its own Speakei, ai d othei offi ers,
and agun, wheie the Senate is secured in the
' n„ht of electing its President jno tempo)e and
' otilar officers "
Mi   B  then alluded to an early practice of Con
giess, which had been confnmable to t! e Consti
ttition.and   pioieeded to slate, that "n 1819, a |
toint resolution of the two Houses was ad >pted
i eating the offi-e of public pnntcu and providing
fji tl e clceti m of that officer "    lie said, "foi i
' the fiist thirty years of the action of this Govern
' ment, th°re was no public punter, while Con
gress sat at places where it could supply its-lf,
each new Cougi est, wasitsownpurveyoi     When
it came to a place wheie supplies could not be ob   '
tamed, except upon time and notice, theexpiung
' Congress kindly and providentially took upon
'itself the business of procuung supplies     This
' assumption on the pai t of the expiring Congress,
1 wasgiaiuitous and unauthorized    The new Con
'giess, not yet bon , could not have created an
'agent to do this business   The fact of vital impoit
'anee, whether the new Congiess was to have a
' friend or an enemy for its punter might depend
' upon the time when he was elected, and thus it
' became necessary for the new Congieso to stand
'upon us inherentand constitutional right to reclaim
' the election for itself, and if not successful m the
' reclamation, to exercise its indisputable power of
' rejecting the printer that was imposed upon it    Mr
' B  remarked that was what he had done, ai d was
' doing—hecomplamed that his resolution had been
'referied to a committee wh'ch had not reported
' upon it—said that he could have shown that all
' the reasons whicl induced the expiring Congiess
'to provide a printei  for the new Congress had
, ' ceased, that the district now abounded with print
' ing materials, that a printer chosen the first week
1 of the session would be ready as soon as neces
' sary to do the work that would be required of
' him , that the printer was an ojjícer, ana. un impoi
' tant officer of the two Houses, that he wasu coil
'fidential ifficei, having their secret proceedings in
' Jus hand, and almo&t their triasteis, from thepowei
' whicn the public pi intei in his character of editoi,
' had over the [ ublication of the proceedings of Con
'gress, in suppressing, mutilating, and disfiguring
'the speeches, and occasional lemaiks of some
' membeis, while bringing out all that is said by
' otheis to the best possiole advantage "
These views are sound      They were hailed by
myself, and manygentlemen who i sceaiouud me,
as containing the tiue doctrine of our party, which
had watched with so much jealousy all encioach
menu, upon the Constitution     It has been  our
pude and boast, that the venerable and patnolic
man now filling the Executive chair of the nation,
v. as the shield of the Constitution     And shalj we
foi get all this' Shall we say that ugn treason,"and
sound cons uutional doctrine is one thing in the
Senate, and another in the House of Representa
lives' that our constitutional opinions change with
the seasons'  No, sir     Let us not bring reproach
upon oui party and its head, but rather elevate
bothir the woi Id'e estimation, by rescuing the Con
stitution, ins ead ot inflicting upon ltanother blow
Mr  BiNrov is coirect     1 his House has the in
heientas well as the constitutional ught to elect |
its punter      The Constitution says, "eacti House
shall keep ajcuinal of us pioceedirgs "   To do [
this, it  must  have the  powei   to  elect a clerk   |
"Andfiom time to time pubhslnhe same "  Ho a
publish'  Does not tl is nnpoitant duty imply the
powei of pioviding the means toperfoimit'  How
tan the laws and pioctedings of this House be
published without a puntei'   The power to elect
the punter is confened in the obligation to | ub   I
1 sn      Again, the Constitution comers upon each I
House the nower to determine the rules of its own
pioceedings—secuies to the House of Representa   I
ti/es the ught to choose its Speakei and othei
i fliceis, and tl the Senate, the right to choose all
us officeis     JNow, sn,I caie not whethei you
consulei your printei an ofhcei of the House, or
put mm upon the footing o' stationeiy, oi ruel, or
any other supply, the principiéis the same    These
aie  my reasons loi  tne vote which 1 give, and
mean to give, on this question      1 havt. larefully |
avo ded all remaiks which might give f (Fence, my I
olject has been to conciliate support ful a measure I
in which my dis not and my State take a tletp in
tei-est     If the election of printer is forced on at
this session, i have disehaiged my obligations to
my constituent?—Í have redeemed a pledge too
long, but unavoidably delayed     And, sir, if lam
c impeded to vote for thit officer at this session, I
will   vote  for  that unijoim, film, and  consistent
Jackso i man who I think best qualified, if theie
should be more than one of oui paity mnning__
though it would be |iiy for two to run, as it
would look 1 ke splitting thepaity Cut which of I
them would be obnoxious to this charge, could I
not be determined until after the election, and
then it would justly fall on the meddling fellow
who was beaten, and he should be foithwitn handed
over to a bei^eantand dulled into submission, and
directed to turn his attention to history—Uogiai In
cal histoi y
Mi  ¡speaker, is it in oidei to move a commit
ment of the resolution and arrffndment to a com-
mit ee with ii jtructions toieport' 1 move, s,i,
that the resolution and amer Jment be committed
to the Committee on the Judie fry, with instruc-
tions to renoit the following resolution
Resohea byt'ie S'nate and Hous°of Repiesentatwes
of the limited States (fJlmei ica in Congeiss assembled,
i hat the election of printer to each House of
Congress shall heieaftei take place withm the fiist
week of the first session of each Congress, and
that all elections by the two Houses shall hereafter
be decided by a tiva voce vote
Mi POPC said, inasmuch as this proposition
nad been placed befoie the House, he inte ided to
vote for it, ana he would detain the House but a
shoit time in submit'ing his reasons toi his vote,
and foi'opposing the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mi Pe\tun 1 He could not
believe, as had been contended, that any greatand
fundament-d punciples were involved in this ques-
tion, but he did believe that the fidelity of the
Representatives to their constituents would be
secuied by its adoption
What was the leading argument of the honor-
able mernbeisfiom Kentucky, [Mi Hardin,] and
fiom Georgia, [Mi Gilmer,] in both of whom,
Mi P said, he 1 ad grea conf dence It was that
wise men and patriots I ad es ablished the present
mode of electing by bailor, and had sanctioned it
by silting in that Hull undei its opt-iation without
attempting any altera ion Mi P said he paid
as much íegai d to the wisdom of our ancestoisand
the monitions of ant quity as ctheis, but he also
deemed it essential foi the propel government of
his conduct, to have some opinions of his own
The opinions of antiq my weie not always mfai
ltble Many panic s of the íevolutionaiy period
of 1776 sincerely doubted the piacticabihty of the
sche ne of lepubhcin government Manyothei of
the doctrine*, of thr t day wete now from expeu-
ence lepudiated, aid lie snould feel bound to go
according to the best lights afforded to him
Mr P said, he would not stop to inquire
whether this resolution was applicable to a printer
of the House, ot whethei thitpilrtei was an officer
of the House It was enough foi him to know
that theie weie officers to whom it woukl apply,
and that the principle of voting viva voce was a
chemhed one m the State which he had the honor
in part of iej resen iij,, -nid although it met the
ridicule o*" the genilemin fiom Georgia, [Mr
Gilmi u,] he still believed in Us eli aey, and
should continue to cheush and i veie it He re-
feried to the election of a Speaker V> as it not i
most lesponsible station ' And did not the people
feel a deep interest in thes« ection of the indiv dual
intruded with the important duty of appointing all
the ocinmittees of that House' 1 hey certainly did
And should they not knov. how their seivants on
that fljor d sposed of tne vote inti usted to them '
lie t id not care whether this resolution app'ied to
tl e election of a pub ic printer or not When the
question of such an election came up, it would then
b" timi enoi gh to mdu'ge in that argument
But it had been alleged that nembers heie were
surrounded with a polluted itmosphere, that they
could  not vote openly without subjecting them
sel ves to a coiruptingn Í1 lence   He suggested how
| easy it was for the balloting Re iresentntive, at^r
casting his vo e, to go to the Lxecutive mansion,
or elsewhere, if yo i please, and there represent
j that he had cairicd out the will he had professed
I to sene Now, if the vote we e given viva voce,
it would place tn"curb of hisconstitu<-ntsuronhim,
I ind the people could and would see- whether he
cime thei p to hones ly lep esent them, or play the
pander to otheis It had been said that, if the
vote by ballot were abolished, the Repiesentattve
would stand too much interroi of his constituents,
I to suffer him to exercise his own unbiased judg-
ment He would ask who he could with more
projinety stand in fear of than his own immediate
constituents '    Even if he voted in error, he voted
' in accordan e with then wishes, and those wishes
Í he wes bound to respect
I Mr P had said all that he meant Co say on this
su' ject He believed the resolution ought to
pass, whe hei it applied to the election of a pubhc
primer oi not, would mike no difference m his
views  r oi altei the purport of these remarks
Mi  VANDERPOEL said, it seemed to him
that no good reason could be urged against fie
1835
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Í65
passage of the resolution under consideration
It involved a question of great importance, viz-
whether the representative could m justice, with-
out spectul constitutional leave, be permitted to
execute his agency m such a manner as to exempt
him from responsibility to his principles, the peo-
ple.
Mr. V said he held to the broad principle that
as representatives, we should do no act here, the
knowledge of which might be concealed from the j
people; that the principle of giving a secret vote
was anti-republican, and wholly incompatible wuh
responsibility to the source of all power, which lies
at the foundation of ail our institutions. The
creator should always know or have the certain
means of knowing the acts <jf the creature, espe-
cially when the latter waa commissioned only to
execute the will of the former.
Mr. V. asked, upon what principle the practice
of here giving a secret ballot vote could be justi-
fied? It had been said by his honorable colleague,
[Mr. 1'illmorf,] who opened the first battery
upon this resolution, that the people themselves, ¡'
many, if not most of the States, voted by ballot,
and, therefore, the practice was sanctioned by the
highest authority. Another honorable gentle-
man, from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] who spoke so
Beldom in this House, but always spoke so well,
had told us that the voting by ballot here was
calculated to secure the most upright and inde-
pendent execution of this appointing power, with
which we are invested. Let us examine, for a
moment, into the soundness of these positions.
He (Mr V ) contended, that the circumstance
that the people sometimes vote by ballot id the
exercise of their sovereign power, was not a pre-
cedent to justify the practice here, acting, as we
here do, in a representative capacity.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Plyton,]
who had just delivered an able argument in favor
of the amendment he had introduced, seemed to
imagine, that the resolution involved an imputa-
tion upon the people of those States where they
voted by ballot, and felt himself called upon to
shield the people from such imputation and re-
proach     In his (Mr. V 's) humble opinion, the
people required no such vindication for the exer-
cise of the-r undoubted right, because their light
to vote by ballot was unquestionable.  The people,
the sovereigns, are responsible to no one but them-
selves     When they vote, they do it m execution
of their own business      Whereas, when we vote,
we do it in execution of the business of our con-
stituents.     Because a man, sir, has  a right to
conduct his  own operations secretly, it  by no
mean3 follows that he has a right to conduct those
of another in such manner as that his principal,
and the party mte-ested, cannot learn the manner
in which his affairs are managed.    Let not, then,  '
our right to vote secretly, by ballot, be inferred |
fiom the practice of the people themselves.   To (i
attemot to derive such a right from such a source, ij
is confounding all distinction between master and (f
servant, between principal and agent.    Gentle-
men who seek to deduce the right to vote by bal- I
lot here from the practice of the people, seem to i
forget, that although we are " dressed up in a lit
tie brief authority," we are nevertheless respon-  i
sible agents, bound to execute the will of those '
who have clothed us with that authority, and that >
it is the right of those who have delegated to us M
the high tiusts which we aie here called upon to  j
execute, to know the manner in which we execute  '
them     It struck him (he spoke with all possible j
respect for those who urged it) that the contrary i
doctnne was founded in a disregard for, or a for- ¡|
getfulness of the relation in which we stood to the
soveieijn creating power.                                               j
A word, now, sir, as to the benefits claimed by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] from I
this secret mode of ballot voting.    He told us, m ¡
substance, that this practice was calculated to en-
sure the most independent exercise of the right
or duty on our pai t     I suppose he means by this
that if we vote two voce, delicacy might some- I
times restrain or embarrass us     This struck him '
(Mr  V ) as the feeblest of all reasons, that could
be given in favor of the practice of voting by bal- I
lot    The fear of offending candidates or parties II
interested"     What an ignoble feeling, sir, to
control or affect, in the slightest degree, the action
| of the representative I    Why, sir, we should, if!
this be a valid reason, or a sound argument, extend
i the principle—we should at once make the effort ¡
i to amend the Constitution, so as to abolish the i
yeas and nays, because in the ordinary course of '
¡ legislation we have questiors here every day, emi- !
nently calculated to  exercise and try our deli- '
! cacy.    We are not unfiequently called upon here, i
to vote for claims preferred by our  friends, and j
to vote against them, too, sir, and then we are '
exposed to the reproaches, if not the implacable
enmity of those friends.     Now, sir, permit me
to propose a remedy for all this inconvenience" to '
which we are thus exposed.   Let us alter the Con-
stitution, abolish the yeas and nays, and tell the
world that we " we love  darkness rather than I
light," because our day-light deeds have exposed j
us to the querulous moamngs of our frietids.          t
Upon what ground of principle should there be |
a difference between  the operations in this Hall i
and those at the other end of the building, when |
we appoint to office' The Senate sits with closed
doors; but the Journals of that body are always
published, and the people of the United States
have the means of knowing how the representa-
tives of the States vote upon Executive nomina-
tions    And the brief existence of tins Govern-
ment has already taught us that the people do not
always regard the votes of honorable Senators
upon Executive nominations with indifference or
unconcern     No, sir; we can adduce memorable
instances to show that the sensibility and indig-
nation of the people have been awakened against
the representatives of the States for what they '
deemed an exceptionable exercise of this power.
There were not wanting instances in which the
people had reversed the sentence of unworlhmess, I
which the Sena'e had seen fit to pronounce.    He ,
would ask, if the votes and proceedings of the
Senate, when acting on Executive nominations, '
should always be concealed from the people, if
they not only sat with closed doors, but if their
Journals were always  kept secret, how  long
would the people submit to a practice so repugnant'
to popular sentiment'   That augubt body would |
then soon, very soon, sir, in the estimaiion of the
people acquire all the odious features of a Spanish j
Inquisition.                                                                   ,
But a new discovery had been made by his hon- j
orable colleague, [Mr Filimore,] whose extraor- i
dinary perspicacity and microscopic vision some- (
times enabled him to see distinctions that were
not visible to ordinary optics My colleague has
started the idea, that there is a fair distinction
between voting for officers of this House and officers
of the nation, and that as the officers embraced m
the resolution under discussion are merely officers
of this House, we have an indubitable r.ght to
elect them by ballot, and in such a manner as
that the people may not be able to know how we
vote. Sir, with all due deference to my honorable
colleague, who, from his professed lepugnance to
alk secret operations, and secret societies, is the
last man on this floor whom I could suppose
would be the first to come out in favor of secret
voting, 1 must be permitted to contend that there
is no soundness in this distinction, so far as it
concerns the principle we are now discussing.
How anogant the idea that the officers, which we
here choose, are our officers' What are we, sir—
I speak of our official capacity—but the propety
of the people' When we speak of the officers of
this House, do we mean to speak of instruments
that belong exclusively to ourselves,and in which
the people have no property or interest' With
whose moneys are they paid' The people's^
Whose business are they appointed to execute'
Not our own individual business, but that of the
people; and may not the people, then, fairly feel
some little interest in their election' Have they
not a clear right to know what servants they,
through their Repiesentatives, have chosen, espe-
cially, when tluii own money is to pay the live of the
laboerl  .
The honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Gilmer,] m the zealous and animated speech
which he made on Saturday, told us that the peo-
ple generally neither know or care who are the
officers of this House. This, (said Mr V.,) (he
spoke with gieat deference to that honorable gen-
tleman,) was presuming entirely too much upon
the ignorance and indifference of the people. It
was not his (Mr. V.'¡,) good or ill luck to "be
blessed with constituents so ignorant Or so indif-
ferent to the doings of their representatives. They
beheye and know thai the sentiments of those who
represent them may be as emphaiicaily indicated
and expi eased by the election of the officers of this
House as by any other means—that an election
for these officers may indeed involve much of prin-
ciple Take, if you please, the case of Speaker
of this House; consider his power and patronage,
the power of appointing all the committees.which
have very properly been called the eyes and or-
gans of the House, the power of controlling, m ft
gieat measure, the order of the business of this
House, and of giving an impulse to, or thwarting
and impeding great measures that may call for the
action of this House. Is it, in truth, a matter ot
moonshine to the people who is elevated to this
high and responsible station' Let the* gentleman
ask the free-trade elector of the South, when the
cry of " Gne, give «s more protection," is raised by
the manuiac.urer of the North and East, whether
he feels any interest in the election of the Speaker
of this House. Ask the northern manufacturer
at such a crisis if it is or is not his interest or de-
sire to know whether his Representative has voted
for a free-trade or an utiru-tm iff Speaker, and you
cannot be at a loss to conjecture what the answer
would be. Woe to that Representative who
should, at such a conjuncture, dare to violate the
the will of his constituents. He would not be able
to plead in bar to the denunciations of an indig-
nant people the plea of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, that the Speaker of this House is the officer
of this House, and that he supposed the people
generally did not know or care who were the offi-
ceis of this House. Those gentlemen who, on
such an occasion, should calculate so fatally upon
the ignorance and md'ffereneeof the people,wou!d
soon enjoy a privilege which is oft-times vouch-
safed to the best of gentlemen—1 mean the piivi-
hge of staying at home. Or take, if you please, the
case of printer to this House It requires no very
vivid imagination to fancy a choice of printer that
would do violence to popular feeling. Suppose
this office to be conferred upon a man whose whole
life had been devoted to the dissemination of prin-
ciples to which our constituents are mortally op-
posed—to doctrines subversive of equal rights and
equal privileges; yea, of the liberty of the people.
Think you, sir, that the people would be supine
and indifferent, if we lavished the most lucrative
patronage of this House upon such a man>
Would they be apt to say, " You have done well
by rendering more potent the incendiary'a capacity
for mischief" Let us make the experiment, and
we will soon hear a response from the ranks of
an outraged and a sharp-sighted people; a re-
sponse, too, that will not be distinguished for
stoical indifference or extraordinary ignorance.
An hono'rable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Briggs,] who, a few days ago, betrayed
more warmth on this subject than usually belongs
to that Spuzbergen region to which he and 1 be-
long, pleaded most eloquently for the practice
which the resolution upon your table proposes to
abolish, because it w&b & lery old piactxce; our wise
fathers had originated it; it had now obtained for
foity years, and therefore our sacrilegious hands
should not now touch it.
Sir, (said Mr. V ,) I am no believer in the doc-
trine that an error is less an error because it is an
old one Sin itself is not less to be lamented and
deprecated because it dates back to the garden of
Eden. You are constantly changing your laws,
involving great principles; your States hare, many
of them, changed and vastly improved their con-
stitutions, and is this to be regarded, sir, as a
reflection upon the wisdom of our fathers' No,
sir. It only proves that we are not such bigoted
admirers of all that is old as to reject the improv e-
ments that may be suggested by time and expe-
rience Let the apologists, the advocates of mon-
archsand despots, plead for the wisdom and sanc-
tity of their despotic institutions, because they
are covered with the dust and the cobweb of ages,
it is our principle, yes, our duty, while making
the grand and triumphant experiment of free Gov-
ernment, to repudiate error and embrace improve-
ment, though the genius of antiquity may scowl
166
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 26,
and shake her hoary locks We live, sn, in an
sge of improvement, and that is indeed a false and
shoit-sigbted philosophy, a philosophy which has
no deeper toundation than poetin, wnich inculcates
the wisdom of always " bearing the ills we have,"
lest we incur the risk of encountering " othtis that
we know not of " One of the beauties of our íepub
hcan system of Government is, that it can accom-
modate itself to changes which time and circum-
stances may demand lis charm is not the
inflexibility of a despotism—no, sir, it is not
unbending to the spirit of refoim and ímpiove-
ment In its veneration for the past, it is not blind
to the treasures which lie m the Juture
The resolution under consideration, sir, seeks
to establish a great abstiact principle, íesulting
from the relation in which we stand to the people,
and yet gentlemen who have opposed its passage,
have seen fit to discuss the íesolution on the
assumption that it was introduced solely m tefer
ence to the printer of this [louse, and a most
labored attempt has been made to show that a
printer is not an office*, but a contmctoi Sir, I
consider such topics wholly irrelevant To talk
about a printer to this House, is indeed beuttling
the subject under discussion A resolution is
introduced to establish a great principle of popular
right, and gentlemen take it upon themselves to
narrow down the discussion to thequeiy, whether
it will change the mode heretofoie pmsued of
electing the pnnterof this House I have endeav-
ored, sir, to take a more elevated view of the pun-
ciple which the resolution contains, as having
higher objects and higher game than the mere
printer of this House First establish a rule, a
principle, sir, and when we are called upon to go
into election1!, it will be time enough tomqune
what officer comes within the rule It is, how-
ever, wrong, sir, to contend, as some gentlemen
have contended, that the íesolution for thi-s ses-
sion and that Congress must necessauly be pei
fectly nugatory as to every officei except the
printer to this Hou«e You, Mi Speaker, aie
not immortal The Clerk, the sergeant at arms,
and al. the officers of this House, may be called
upon to pay the great debt of nature befoie the
termination of this session I sincerely hope,
sir, that we may not be called upon to fill any
vacancies, but that the occasion for doing so is
beyond the lange of possibility, is contending
entirely too much
It is somewhat strange, sir, (if, to follow the
bad example of other gentlemen, I may be per-
mitted to say a woid about public printer,) it is
"passing sttange," that while honoiable gentle-
men contend that your public pnntei is so ami !y
foitified by certain joint i evolutions passe 1 in 1819
and 1829, one of the most vigilant and talented
gentlemen on this flooi (he meant the gentleman
from Kentucky, Mr Hardin) should have found
it necessaiy to offei a proviso, in ordei to save
 your public printer fiom the operation of the res
olution now under consideration A long discus
eion has alieady been had upon the que tion
whether the joint resolution of the 5 h Febuia y,
1829, repeals the resolution of the 3d March,
1819, as it íegards the manner in which we aie to
vote for punter The lastsection of the resolutioa
of 1819 piovides, " that this House shall proceed
to ballot for a pnntei," and the resolution of 1829,
which is amendatory of the former resolution,
provides " that withm thirty days befoie the ad
'journmentof every Congress, each House shall
' proceed to vote for a printer to execute its woik
' for and duungthe succeeding Congiess, and tnat
*  the former resolution, so fai as  it lsalteied by
*  the latter resolution, be repelled " Permit me
heie, sir, to uige an idea that does not yet seem to
have suggested itself to gentlemen I contend that
the last section of the resolu ion of 1819, which
provides that the two Houses shall " ballot" for
a printer, expired with the Congress that passed
it, and by its own limitation It provides, " that
as soon as this íesolution shall have been approved
by the President, each House shall proceed to
ballot for a punter, to execute its work during the
next Congiess " It does not provide that each
and every Congress theteafter should elect a
printer for its successor, but simply that that Con-
gress (of 1819) should elect a printer for the then
next Congress     It is said, however, that the act
of 1829, by lepealing so much of the first resolu-
tion as was altered by the last, shows that the
whole of tne first resolution was intended to be
permaneiK To this 1 answei, that the resolution
of 1819 contains various sections and provisions
besides that which prescribes the manner of elect-
ing a pnntei But again, if it be true that the
last section of the resolution of ]919 had per
foimed its office, after the punters for the two
Houses in 1819 were appointed, I am not aware
that the repealing words contained in the íesolution
of 1829 can revivethat which was alieady defunct
He was not aware that the repeal of a certain
poi tion of a dead statute rev ived the residue H e
had always supposed that dead things weie void
things, and that void thir <*s were as no things
He could not foibear heie to umind the House
that the ©onstuution provides that the yeas and
navs may be called ¡it the lequest of one filth of
the membeis present Why do gentlemen daily
ca'l for the yeas and nays but to present the mem-
bers of this House to then consti uents, and to
awaken that sense of responsibility which our
position heie natuially implies ' What on incon-
gruity this, sir You huve a light to call iheyeas
and nays upon a proposition to appropr ate the
paltry burn of ten dolíais, and yet, when the offi-
cers of this House, possessing so much powei
and patronage, aie to be chosen, it is said to be
best, and most conducive to out own independ-
ence, and to the interest of the people, to give a
secietvote Was it necessaiy furthei to com-
ment upon the unsoundness of suchana-gumtnt'
He wruld here, also, before he sat down, take
occasion to premise that the mode of voting vw i
voce foi the officers of tins House would veiy
much tend to the saving of time, because it is
much the most convenient mode, we should by
that means avoid the fuss and partde tnat now
distinguished oui elections the trouble and deten
tion ot fiist collecting the ballots,and then appoint
ing tellers to go thiough the tedious ceremony,
not once, but sometimes eight oi ten Hires of can-
vassing the votes, would be obviated Hud gen-
tlemen forgotten the time that was consumed here
a few months ago in the election of a chaplain
lie meant nothing derogatory to that respectable
office when he said that all tins parade, and cer-
emony, and consumption of time, were beneath
the dignity of the House, but he freely confessed
that the point of convenience was a minor one, and
was swallowed up m the question of principle
I he i elation in which we stood to oui constituents
requued an open ar d manly discharge of all oui
duties here Delicacy, the lear of offending our
fi lends, these motives weigh but a feather against
the light of the people to know what we do in
execution of the high trusts confided to ua We
should always remember, as a geneial rule, that
honesty leqmies no concealment, that justice
holds no communion with secrecy and daikness
Mi PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said he would
be willing to udopt the views of the gentleman
fiom Illinois, [Mi Ri vnolds,] who proposed this
resolution, so fat as to say that hereafter the offi-
ceis of the House should be elected viva loce
whenever a msjouty of that House, by express
declaiagen, should requne it Thus far he would
be willing to go, but no farther This was not a
new question in the House He welliemembered
that, about six vears ago, an honorable member
from Kentucky made a similar proposition Mr
P baid he then thought it unfortunate for the pro-
posal, as it wis now, that it was offered for con
sideiation,after the long session of Congress was
passed, and we had come nearly to the close of tie
short session, and were just about going into the
election of the public printer It had been con-
tended that some great and fundamental principles
weie involved in this question If so, why was
it now agitated by those gentlemen foi the fiist
time > Where had they been all this time, that
this subject, of such vital interest, had been suf-
fered to rest in statu quo ? Why have they been
thus long forgetful of those great principles' Mr
P said it was useless to disguise the mattei We
had better speak of things as they aie It was
designed to apply, and did apply, to the election
of printer, and to nothing eke On that question
Mr P was willing to give his vote viva voce He
was willing to, and would now, declare for v/hom
he should vote to fill that station It would be for
the candidate who had consistently and faithfully
adhered to and suppoited the Administration it
would be for him to whom he believed it of right
belonged In short, he should vote for Mr.
Blati, if that gentleman was a candidate before
the House Bui. he could not consent to alter or
abolish wnat he believed to be a most salutary
rule as applied to all the other officers of the
House—the Speaker, Clerk, chaplain, the door-
keeper and his assibtants, even the very boys in
waning—if the House thought proper, might be
chosen by ballot
Mi P said he undnstood that the Legislature
of Illinois—tne State from which the honorable
nembei [Mr Rfynolds] who introduced the íes-
olution came—elected then oflicets vwa voce H
might be so in some other instances, but moio
than two thirds of the States conducted their elee
tioiis by ballot and he apprehended if the ques-
tion were taken by States on that Poor, theie
would be found a large majority opposed to a
change of the mle in his own State the voie by
ballot pievailed in all excep ing one vote, which
might be considered a «jurist ballot He cou'd not,
th°refoie, duectly or indiiectly, sanction by his
vote a course which he deemed improper, noi did
he wish to see a future Congress influenced by
any act of the piesent If the gentleman fiom
New York [Mi Vai dlrpoll] was so much
attached to the demociaticjl principles of the vole
vwa voce, why did not he, while a member of the
Legi^latui e of tnat S ate, endeavor to secure its
blessings to his constituents' Why not have the
elections in New Yoih uto voce, like those ot
Vuginia and Kentucky ' What (he asked) would
hav e become of the late election in the city of New
Yoik had it been conducted wwa voce' How
would the Democratic j)arty have otood against
the wealth and power of the Whigs' The very
votes of the Democratic f a-ty would have lost the
votéis their employmen and then bread They
were compelled to weai secret badges on their
coats and hats by which to distinguish each other
Gentlemen may say this state of things ought not
to exist But, as they do exist, we must meet
the exigency It was light sometimes to do good
by stealth, covertly and sécietly The state of
things fully authorized it
Mi P said, if the vote viva voce was to be
adopted here, a very d fferent complexion of affans
would soon be exhibited lie w is undi«guieedly
opposed to this sys'em of special legislation He
was indeed opposed to the adoption of any rule
foi tue government of those over whom we could
have no control Toi Ins own part, he had never
given a vote there that he was unwilling to avow
Cut it had been said the people had a right to
know the votes of then Representatives Nov/,
he had never discoveied that the people had evei
evinced any gieat curiosity on this subject
The present system had prevailed foi forty
years, and the people had manifested no special
anxiety for its change When they did so, it
would be time enough to act in the matter The
gentleman fiom New York went on the ground
that the course hitherto pursued had been eirone-
ous If such were the fact, he had only to repeat
the inquiry which he had before made—why had
they thus long slept upon their oars' Why did
they not earlier seek a correction of the evil'
Mr P alluded to the en cum stances attending
the first election of General Green as punter to the
House, and said peihaps he ought to apologize
for the frank manner in which he had avowed his
intention of suppoitmg a Darticular candidate at
the next election on party grounds In the city of
New York this principle had been earned to its
utmost extent, embracing its street commissioners,
and, he believed, its chimneysweeps. Nay, the
leading daily papers openly ca'led upon their ad-
herents to support none but Whig butchers, Whig
6«tos,and Whig every thing If this principle was
so univeisally recognised elsewhere, why should
it not be here' The Globe was the accredited
oigan of the Government and of the Democratic
paity, and as such should be sustained by it In
the city of Philadelphia the principle was extended
to the watchmen, and in his own town of Provi-
dence, to the constables and the town crier—none
were allowed to cry but a Whig'    He was, there-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
fore, for Mr. Blair, against any Judge White-man,
any John McLean-man, or any Daniel Webster-
man.
Mr. P. repeated that he was opposed to this
special legislation. If therule should be adopted,
what would be its effect on the election for Speaker
in the next Congress? It was not always the
most prominent candidate on the first ballot who
was finally elected. Such was the case with the
honorable gentleman now in the chair, and when
the honorable P. P. Barbour was elected, he re-
ceived but fourteen votes on the first ballot. It
was true, he did not believe that any man who
voted for the present Speaker was unwilling to
avow it; but it was the «vils which we hazard by
the change which he contemplated. Mr. P. said
their constituents had not instructed them on this
subject; nor did he believe they called for any ac-
tion upon it. The Constitution provided that" the
yeas and nays of the members of either House,
on any question, shall, at the desire of one-fifth of
those present, be entered on the Journal." This,
he thought, was quite sufficient to secure ample
publicity on all votes specially interesting to the
people. It was all they desired, and as far as he
yms willing to go. He would support the propo- ¡
gition if so, amended as to say that on the call of a ,
majority the vote should be taken viva voce. But :
he did not deem it necessary to compel members
to hold up their hands on all occasions, to prevent
them from looking one way and rowing another; ,
nor would he presume fraud in them until there
was some evidence of its existence.
Mr. GILLET said he should not have claimed '
any portion of the time of the House upon the pres-
ent occasion, but for the fact that he represented,
in part, a State which held the ballot-box system
in high estimation, and for the further reason that
his colleague [Mr. Fillmore] had presented, in
a forcible manner, the reasons which could be ¡I
urged against the resolution, which seemed to him
to render it necessary that he should succinctly
state the reasons for the vote he intended to give.
Many gentlemen had expressed in strong terms
their disapprobation of the introduction of this
resolution. Mr. G. said he had no agency in its
introduction, and was not responsible for the act,
though he attributed its origin to noble and gener-
ous sentiments entertained by its author, and those
whom he represented. Whether its presentation
at this time was politic or not, or whether it wouid
be inoperative or not, was not the question. The
real question is, whether the principle asserted is
a correct one or not. This is the true question,
and he must give a vote for or against it.
It had become necessary to inquire whether the
Constitution controlled our decision on the question.
This was a question of some doubt.    He could not ■
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
BitiGcs] that because the Constitution had declared ■
that certain elections should be by ballot, it followed
that the election of officers for this House must
be conducted in the same way.    If there was any
nference to be drawn from thence, it must oe the
reverse. The Constitution gives this Housepower
to " choose their Speaker and other officers," and
to " determine the rules of its proceedings," and
under these powers we must act.   The Constitu-
tion itself affords but little light to aid in determin-
ing the question, except the fifth section of the
first article, which declares, "each House shall
keep a Journal of its proceedings, and from time  ;
to time publish the same, except such parts thereof ;
as may, in their opinion, require secrecy, and the
yeas and nays of the members of either House,   :
on mii; question shall, at the desire of one-fifth of ¡
those present, be entered upon the Journal."        ,|
Mr. G. presumed no one would contend here ;
that our election of officers would come within the ;
meamngof this clause, so far as relates to secrecy; ¡
but that the intention of the Constitution was to ''
conceal such discussions as those that preceded i
the late war, which it was believed to be for the ;
interest of the nation to be concealed for a limited ;
period. Until gentlemen opposed to this resolu- '■
Hon can prove that the election of officers of this ,i
House is not any question, the clause of the Con- :|
stittuion just cited, will be considered by manyas ;',
having an important bearing, if it is not decisive j!
of the question. If it is not decisive of the point, ¡j
then tlie House is left free to decide it upon the il
i ground of expeditncy and propriety, and in such
. manner as shall best accord with the genius and
| spirit of our republican institutions.
|     Here, however, we are met with what is called
precedent, which is so powerful as to sanctify the
; errors of the past, and to perpetuate them for the
I future.   This is the doctrine which sanctions the
| Divme right of Kings, gives the Old World its
; accidental Lords and" other similar favors, which
; give wealth, titles, and power to the few, and
| dependence and poverty to the many. Thanks to
| our fathers, these political heresies were repelled
j from America by the thunders of Bunker Hill,
j and our title deed to better principles is not only
enrolled on that parchment called the Constitu-
tion,  but it  is  registered   in  the heart of every
! American freeman.    But  how stands  precedent
on this subject?   My colleague, [Mr. Fillmore,]
the other day, speaking on this subject, said:
" His own opinion with reference to the ap-
' pointing power of this Government, and of all
' Governments similar to ourown, was, that where
' the legislative power or body exercised the ap-
' pointing power,peculiarly and especially foritself,
! ' i. e. for us own internal rule and regulation, and
' not for the nation at large, then that power migh',
' with great propriety, be exercised by ballot; and
| ' he believed that to be the practice in most legiela-
| ' tive bodies in reference to the appointment of
; ' those officers, who might be considered special
j ' officers of the body, but not of the nation.  This
i ' was the practice in Mr. F 'a own State, (New
! ' York,) and he really could see no objection to it
¡ ' in principle or practice anywhere else.    It ap-
' peared to him to he correct to give the people at
' large, when they exercised the right of suffrage,
' the power to exercise that right in secret, by the
' ballot; and it was equally so to extend the same
' privilege, the same right, and the same authority
' to their representatives, when acting for them-
' selves in the election of those officers peculiarly
' belonging to the body to which they were elect-
'ed."
Now, how was the fact?   Mr. G. said, he de-
sired it to be distinctly understood, that he did not
himself allude to his native State, (New York,)
for the purpose of invoking the aid of her prece-
dents to guide or justify us for acts done here
under another Constitution, but merely to pui his
colleague right on the subject of thedoings of that
State, as a precedent.   It would be borne in mind
that his colleague (Mr. F.) had taken the ground
that officers of   legislative bodies were the ser-
! vants of the body, and not agents of the people,
! and in enumerating them, he said:
I     " The House of Representatives shall choose
■ ' their Speaker and other officers, and shall have
¡ ' the sole power of impeachment."   This, then,
j was the extent of the appointing power in that
! House to "choose their Speaker and other offi-
' cers," alluding, doubtless, to the clerk, sergeant-
! at-arms, messengers, door-keepers," &c.
1     Here the officers he wou'd include are enume-
' rated.    Now for the facts    The Journals of the
'• Assembly, in New York, he had examined as far
back a3 to 1820.    In that year, the sergeant-at-
arras, dooi-keeper, and  his assistant, were ap-
; pointed by motion or resolution.
i     In 1822, the same officers, were appointed in
| the same way, and in 1823, the clerk was in like
' manner appointed.   In 1825, the sergeant-at-arms,
door-keep?r, and his assistant; and in 1826, the
two latter officers were appointed by resolution,
and in JS27, all these officers, including the clerk,,
were appointed m the same way.    So in 1823, of
all but the clerk.    In 1823, 1830, am! 1831, my
colleague,  creditably to  himself, occupud a seat
in the Assembly; and in those yeais, as well as m
1832,1833,1834, in this very year,  the cleik,
sergeant-at-arms, door-keeper, and assistant door-
keeper, (he believed all,) were elected on  motion
or by resolution.    Mr. Or. said  he had  not now
access to the Journals prior to 1820, but he had
been   informed  by one, who could  not be mis-
taken, that anterior to 1820, a Speaker had been
elected by resolution.
His colleague must pardon him for saying, that
although he entertained the highest respect both
for his talents and integrity, and esteemed him as
a friend, he must say little'in favor of his memory,
when he had forgotten to inform the House that
in 1830, while-he was in the Assembly at Albany,
a Speaker pro tern. (Mr. Savage) had actually been
appointed  by resolution or motion; and his col-
league Mr. P., and four others of his colleagues,
had voted on that occasion.    He believed it was
conceded that all officers elected by the Legisla-
ture, except officers of the House, were voted for
viva voce; and after this review of the precedents,
he was of opinion that little'could be drawn from
that quarter, in form of precedents, against the
resolution.
i     But we were referred to this House for prece-
| dents.    He had not found a precedent for electing
| a Speaker by resolution or motion, but a large
i majority of all the officers for this House back as
far as the last war, (and he had not been able to
examine further back,) had been elected by reso-
lution or on motion.    Prom 1813 to 1829, he be-
[ lieved, the sergeant-at-arms had regularly been
I appointed by this House either on motion or reso-
; lution.   And from that period to this, with but two
, exceptions, its door-keeper, with but one of its
I assistant door keepers, had been appointed in the
j same way.    In 1819and 1821,Thomas Dougherty
j was chosen Clerk in the same manner.    In 1823,
I 1825, 1827, 1829, and 1831, Matthew St. Clair
! Clarke had been chosen Clerk of this House in
j this same way.    Will gentlemen after this refer
] to this House for precedents to establish the pro-
| priety of choosing " clerks, sergeant at-arms, mes-
I sengers, door-keepers," &c , by ballot?
I    He would submit it to theHouse to say, whether
! these precedents not only did not prove the point
! contended for by his colleague, but the reverse.
I H,e was confident after this exhibition of prece-
| dents, it would not be pretended that they had
; settled the question, but that it at leastleft the ques-
tion with the Constitution, where we found it.
I     But, (said Mr. G.,) we are told by the gentle-
' man from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] that the mem-
, bers of this House may fall under Executive dis-
pleasure, if they vote independently and against
his will, and in that manner the just independence
of this House will be endangered.    It here may
i be asked how the faithful  representative in this
t House could, if he acted rightly, in accordance
with the views of his constituents, be in danger of
this dreaded influence?   The ^representative de-
, pends upon his constituents, and not upon the
i Executive for his  emp'oyment.   To  his  rnind,
¡ there was more danger that he would here vote in
a concealed manner, and unknown to his ccnstitu-
; ents, to please the Executive, who would, more
readily than   his constituents, ascertain   how he
voted, than to vote openly in a manner to displease
those  whose suffrages had sent him here.   The
danger of a secret vote was, that those at a dis-
tance, the electors, would be the persons whose
wishes would be,disregarded—vote openly, and
experience proves that the representative usually
looks to the source of the power which rules his
future agency here.    There are those, however,
who have not acted on these subjects, as was de-
sired by their constituents, and their fate is writ-
ten in the history of the times.    His own State
had furnished a prominent instance of the will of
the  people being violated, and of their inflicting
summary punishment.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gilsser] de-
sired to know whether the people knew or cared
about the election of these officers. He did not
believe there were " ten men in Illinois knew who
these officers were."" He could not vouch for
what the good people of that Slate knew on this
subject; he could only diaw conclusions from the
judgment displayed in selecting their representa-
tives. He believed the gentleman was much mis-
taken; he certainly would have been, hod his re-
marks been applied to those whom he (Mr. G.)
represented. They understood these things thor-
oughly. What, do not the people know who the
Speaker is, and is he so small alight? Is that man,
who has more power in shaping and controlling
legislation than any other in the nation, one of
such small consequence as not to be known to the
people? But the gentleman from Georgia, and my
colleague, say that the officers of the House are
cur agents, and the people are not interested in
their selection. Is this so r Is it of no consequence
to the people whether the officer who brings money
to pay us, is honest, or runs away with it, as haa
168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
actually happened'   Such losses, it is known, fall
upon the people
The Olei k of tms House disburses a contingent
fund of S"veial ti ousand do! ars a year, and has
charge oí much of the people's property, and has
a large patronage in the appointment ot officers
la it to be ¡supposed that the people neither know
or u re wno holds ti is office > Our door keeper
has the appointment of almost as many officers as
some small States The Speaker, also, appoints
many persons about the PIou*-e,and has_ charge of
the luimtureot the Hall In the faithful disburse-
ment of money, in the preseivation of property,
and in the faithful discha ge of the duties of all
the officers of the House, the people have a deep
l uerest, and we have but little If the people
werea« ignoiant and careless about who and what
the officeisot the House were, he would ask now
it happened that the acts of a late Speaker of this
Blouse, in the appointment of committees, were
made a pi omiueiit ground for his lejeciion as mm
istei to England > It is a lit Je extraordinary if that
grave body had fastened upon the ac 8 of an ofh
cer of this House to ju tify his lejection, when in
a whole State not" ten men" knew whotne officer
was, and when they did not know or caieany
thing about his election This was presuming
largely upon the ignoiance and carelessness of ihe
people lie (Mr & ) must abide by ihe conclusion
'hat the people did know and care about these
things
Mr G knew nothing of the facts upon which
rumoi hud predicated her news but cei tain it was
that her tales had led the people to inquire much
after our ballot-box transactions here Whether
there was anything wrong or worthy of censure,
was not for htm to say He had, however, been
asked to know why,on a íecentelection foi Cleik
of this House, there had been more ballots than
legal qualified voUrs, and why a lecent candidate
ror punter of this House had not been declaied
elected, when he had been aole to piove he had
had a majouty of all the votes' Inquiries about
ihe election ot othet cfíícfcis had been made, and
he had been unable to answer because he did not
know, and this had been ins ieply The esponse
was, " Vote openly and let us know how these
things are done and by whom " Such were the
sentiments of all who had spoken to him on this
subject, and he doubted no' that such wou d be
found to be tne views of nil in relation to the
doings of then agents here
Mr G thought ¡his the true ground that, when
we vote as citizens, in the exeioise offiee, full,
and untrammelled soveieign powei, when we
weie accountable only to ourselves and our Maker
foi our acts when no one had a right to question
ourmotivesoi call us to an account foi 0111 doings,
we should vote by ballot, and when we vo'td in
oui lepresentative capacity,^ should vote ma
voce, 01 by yeasardnays lntheoluvaliousWest,
fiom the glowing ai courts of their independence,
and exemption fiotu íelianceupon others for sup
pott, it would seem that the ballot box was of
¡ess moment than in othei parts of the world
But there might be places, such as laige cities and
manufacturing towns, where things were diftei
tntly situated Ihere might be men who had
< thers, even hundreds of them in their employ,
and entirely dependent upon them for the means
of supporting their families, and it might so happen
that these men would beiei/uneiito vote in a pa, tic
ular mannei 01 be ti rown out of employment lie
would ask, did not ihe^e things ac ually occur in
the tlisliessed year 18J4'
Then let the people continue the use of the
ballot boxes in the exercise of the soveieign power
of appointing their agents On the othei hand,
let us as agents act openly, manfully, and in such
a mannei as to enable our princ pals to judge of
our action"!, and to protect ourselves fiom the
suspicion oi having do e what they would not
approve Istheieaman here who desues to con-
ceal his vote, or avoid the strictest scrutiny ' lie
hoped not In tne South and West nearly all
vote viva vece Those who were appointed agents
by a v\va voce vote ceitamlv would not claim tobe
moie independent than their consutuei ts, and
desi e to conceal their,vote He would further
remark, if ¡lure were those heie or elsewheie,
who had a horror ot secret societies, and secret
influences, and who claimed much at the hands of
he people from then desire tiiat everything should
be suommed to the scrutiny of open day, he cei
tauily should   expect their  hearty support ai d
appioval of this lesolution
He doubted not lhat the people would be well
pleased, to I ouow the figure of my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr Hardin,J if all the acts of their
agents here were wiitten in sunshine in the fuma
ment of heaven, that tney might read, and ap
prove, or dist.ppiove them But it is said this
resolution will not bind the next Congress, and
will have no effect upon the present If so, it
can do no harm It is befoie us, and we must
vote foi or against it, whether it avails us much
or little, and whetner it embiaees officers we hav 
to elect this session or not Perhaps it would,
like many íesolutions, result in lit le but the as
semon ot principles He eaied not what migln
be hereiftei construed to be within its provisions,
or the extent it might be considered buidi g He
should vote for the resolution, because he believed
it light in principle, and ought to receive the sane
tion of this House, j id be the ui e of action in
"choosing" all the officers of tne House, as it has
been for twenty yeais, in choosing thiee fouiihs
of them The principle eon'ended for was not
only light in itself, but was sustained by a stiong
I int' cation of the intention of the mikers of the
J Constitution, and has the sanction of the people
'   He shou d theiefoie voie foi it
Mr   CLAYTON said, the  ) reposition before
the House slro igl) lemmded him of a celerjrated
Spanish   epnaph,  wl eh,   when he   lt-peated it,
wou d su ^iciently exulain  itself     The words en
graven on the tomb stone weie   " I was well   I
wished to be bettei, I took  physic, aid heie 1
he "    Now, the Flouse had practiced its piesei t
J mode ot election for the last forty years, without
I finding occasion for alteia'iois oi new devices
I I he gen leman'ast up but one had given some
I spec mei s of piophecy     Had  he confined him-
l| selt to his ptopheues, lather than his pledges, it
would peinaps have been more agreeable      He
proposed   to    nuke a piophecy himseif, and he
would particularly invoke towaids it theattention
and itculleclion of the House     It was, that as
I soon as the otject of tint resolution was accom
p plished, it woukl beicpealed    It was fashionable,
to< "occasionally to  deal a little m poetry     He
lemem Leted a couplet not en irely inapplicable to
the subject
' l'ntiets uu Rules mi} tlounsi  or nny fid>,
A ' tu /hji in ll e then , i   a hr alii hat, u ale "
Much  debate had   been elicited  to   determine
whetht i tint, íes iltitie n was desigred to apply to
the pu itei of the House    Mr C said he had con
suited  no witnesses when  he declared that such
was the lact     What otner offieei could it apply
t), when no othei was" to be elected '   Why else
was this íesolu ion deemed so peculiarly impon
! ant at this late stage of the last session'    If they
j had passtd  he resulut'on at the commencemer t
of the preceding session, there would   be moie
plausibility in its aspect     But its passage at the
pr bet t time would   be viewed a3 an attempt to
1 intei eie and   tamper with the rights and privi
le«es of the next Congi ess     One of the fíiot acts
of that C ingress would doubtless be to repeal the
die atonal lesolution      Mi   C   called the at'ention
j of the House to the primary organization of legis
j lative   bodies     Ihe fiist step   was doubtless to
appoint a I ead, and afterwards ti elect the subor
dinateoffueis and assistants     If one was elected
vivu voce, the otherb would come undei  tire same
lule     It  was more .i matter of ton lenience to
themselves than one a Meeting the liberties of the
people     But if the rule applied to the higher offi
^ers, it did equally so to the minore nes, for wnen
you stop with these, and denominate the less offi
ces as unimportant matteis, you make the vtva
v ce  system  depend on the  miioitanr-e  of the
office, and not on the general principie contended
for
Mr   C  said fiequent allusions had been made
I to the mteiest which the peop e felt in this ques
| tion     Now, he wruld venture to make an as*er-
! tion, m the tiuih of which he would call on that
i House to bear him out, that in eigl teen States out
I of the twenty-four, the elections were conducted
1 by ballot     bo that if we go to the people—the
great source of all power—for a rule of action
their voice would be found m favor of the bnliot'
mg system I o himself, personally, it was quite
unimportant The vote ma lot c would be as
acceptable as any other He cared not if mem-
bers etiope to appioach the desk with their votes
p sted on thfir foieheads Beit he could not jus
tify the peiveision of prmcii le3 which had stocd
the test of forty years on hgh' and trivial grourd
The gentleman from New York had offeied a
quo'ation from the scnptuies This, perhaps,
would be improper on tuning occasions, but if it
was designed to enforce a serious argument, he
could have no oojection to it The people, he
conceived, weie the legitimate masters of their
representatives The effect of the resolution would
be to cieate for them new masters, who " loved
d?rkness lather than light " " We cannot seive
two masters," and whne the " treasure is, there
will be the heart also "
It was well known that withm a short period
some forty oi fifty members of Congress had " re-
ceived the rewaid of their labors, and weie row
at rest " Another argument had been advanced
in favor of the resolution, that it would be a saving
of time This he deemed of little consequet ce
The more time the House spent in doing nothing,
tne bettei foi their constituents Again, it 13
uiged in support of the resolution by the g°nt'e-
man from New York, [Mr Vanderpocl,] in its
1 application to the other officers of the House,
that you, sir, have no* a lease of your life—tht t
I you aie not irr moitai' He hoped the gentleman
I woul 1 not admit that the suppoit of then measuie
■ would involve the k lling of the Speaker The
proper w ly to test the strength of an aigument
I was to take away all otheis.and see how it would
stand on that alone Do so in the piasent case,
ai d how many members would vote for ttieprop-
osition on that contingency' It had also been
gravely alleged thatan rfficei of the House, elected
by bal ot, foi sooth, had foi merly decamped with
a poi tion of its funds ' Could it be seriously con-
tended that an election uiti voce wouM remedy or
pievent such an evil' He could not spproce of
that species of logic which leads us to jump to
conclusions fiom false or inapplicable premises
Mi C said he had probably occupied theatten-
tion of the House already too long in subrenting
what he had to say Believing this resolution
designed to alter a practice of fort/ years star d ng
for tne purpose of effecting a single olject, and
calculated to leave them fotindeiug on the un-
ki own coast of experiment, or subject to an im-
mediate lepeal on theaccomphshme tof its special
purpose, he should give n s vote against it
Mr  SEABORN JONES said it seemed to him
I that if the lesolution under consideration were to
' be adopted by the present Corgress, no actnn
j would ensue upon  it hereafter, because, as each
House had, under the Constitution, the power " to
choose then Speaker and othei officers," the next
House would not be bound by it     Fur'heimoie,
not only was the election, but also the mode of
choosn g, left entnely with each, and therefore, if
the reso'ution was designed to embrace the officers
of the House, it did  not be'ong  to the existing
body to pass it, since the mode of electing no more
be'onged to it, than did the election   itself, of the
officeis of the next Congress     We have been told
I by an honorable colleague, [Mr  Giivfr] (said
1 Mr J ,)and by othergentlernen.that theiesolution
j was offei ed for a cei tain specified object, and that
was, to bear upon the election of punter    If this
were so, and if the printer were an officer of the
House, then have we (said Mr  J ) no right to
elect him, for, it we did, it would be taking the
power fiom the next Congress to do so, contrary
to the above pfovisio 1 of the Constitution    Sup-
posing the resolution should pass,m the phraseol-
ogy in which it is diawn, to wit, that all elections
ot i fficers of the House shall be by i>tt>a voce vote
of the members, what would be the result' Would
I ihe rule be operative in the election of Speaker of
•-the next Congress'   He trusted not.   What was
the regular mode of proceeding at the firstAssem-
b'y'    The Clerk of the House took the chair,
j and was the piesiding officer for the time being,
and the House pi oceeded to elect their Speakei by
j ballot, or in any otner way the then assemblage
of members thought pioper      Well, suppose,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   W AS H IN GT O N, ~ B Y   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 2d Session
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1835
Vol 2 ....No. 11.
when the Cleik has called the roll, a member
should get up, and, in defiance of this resolution,
propose to proceed to elect a Speaker by ballot,
would any man deny their right to do so, because
a resolution of the last Congress ordered it other-
wise ? Certainly not. It was the election of
Speaker that oigamzed the House, and itwas not
fairly organized betore the Speaker was placed m
possession ot the chan; but the íesoluiion would
not be obligatory on the next Congress at all,
unless they pleased to abide by it. It would be
inopeiative, and therefore he thought it needless
to adopt it. One gentleman had said that the pas-
sage of the resolution would be an expression of
oui opinion as to what ought to be the mode of
procedure in matters of this description, but that
would be as useless as it would be to apprize the
House who should be their next Speaker. Sup-
pose, at the close of the present session, a resolu-
tion was brougnt forward expressive of the thanks
oí the House to the Speaker, anJ asking the next
Congress to íeinstate him, would any member
expect such a resolution would be entertained'
Mr. J presumed not. And yet had we not as
much right to advise them whom to elect, as to
direct the mode by which they should elect?
It was not necessary at that time to enter at
large into the question whether the mode of
electing by ballot or viva voce was best calculated
to preserve the dignity and character of that
House, but he would con'ent himself with recur-
ring to one fact, and see what practised statesmen
thought of the matter Now it was well known
that tor many years past, the whole energies and
exeitions ol the opposnion party m England have
been duected to obtain the vciythmg weaie pro-
posing to abolish in that House—vote by ballot,
winch their opponents have, up to the piesent
time, prevented We weie told by an able his-
torian that what the crown had lost in pi erogative
it had gamed in influence,and the minister knows
he.can only ensure and perpetuate that influence
by the command he has over the votes. He
holds on for mvet voce voting, and why' Because,
in the ballot, men may not always follow the
" fugleman," when giving their votes. In spite,
then, of all that had been said to the contrary, he
was induced to believe that election by ballot was
the best, if not the only mode calculated to pre-
serve the character of that House But, say
some, our Government nas not become so corrupt,
and oui membeis are not so deficient of independ-
ence as to wish to vote secretly. Heie is- a sly
insinuation on one side or the other, not at first
visible. lieis so independent, and so far removed
above corrupting influence, that he may be trusted
to give his vote openly, or, on the othei hand, he
cannot be trusted to vote agreeable to 'he wishes
of his constituents, unless he be closely watched
at every step' The argument involved a com-
pliment on one side, and a direct censure on the
other.
Mr J did not believe that our constituents felt
that interest in the election of officers of the House \
which some gentlemen seemed to think they did.
He nevei could bring himself to believe that they
desired to know ho>v their membeis voted in the
election of cleik, seigeant-at arms, deputy clerks,
door-keepeis, &c , but he did believe that in the
organization of parties it sometimes became neces-
sary to know how those offices were disposed of,
and whether any undue influence had been exer-
cised Now, i' was for the purpose of preventing
that very thing ihat he should vote against the
adoption of the present resolution. He could not
reconcile it to himself to lay down a lule for the
guidance of others, which had beennoiule forhis
own conduct. If the resolution be intended to
operate upon only a single election, and the only
one that may leasonably be expected to come
before us, that of printer, and if he be considered
an officer of the House, then Mr J conceived that
the present House could not go into the election
11
at all, for the reasons before assigned. If it bs
intended not to operate upon him alone, but only
in the contingency of a vacancy in the place of
Speaker, Clerk, sergeant-at-arms, &c , by death
or otherwise, then he would say " sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof," and when it became
necessary to elect any of those officers, then it
will be time enough to preSenbe to ourselves the
mode of election. To preset ibe it to another
House would lay them undei no obligation to
follow it. Por these reasons he deemed the reso-
lution unnecessary, and he therefore should vote
against it.
Mr HA WES said, it must be evident to every
member, that this discussion was interrupting all
the regular business of the House, and the elabo-
rate .debate that had already taken place, had
elicited the opinions of both paities, he thought
sufficiently, he therefore moved the previous ques-
tion.
The House lefused to sustain the call, ayes 7G,
noes 93
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Januauj 27, 1835.
After the Journal of yesterday had been read,
BILL TO REORGANIZE THE POST OrUCE
DEPARTMENT
Mi EWING mo\ ed that the Senate take up the
bill and report of the Post Office Committee
fne motion was agreed to, and tne lead'ng of
the tepQrt was concludtd
Mi GRUNDY then rose and said that the
repoit winch had just been read embraced the
opinions of three membeis of the committee The
gentleman from Illinois [Mi. Robinson] and hi ra-
se f, being the lemaimng membeis of the commit-
tee, had piepared a paper containing their own
views on most of the Subjects upon which the
majority had given their opinion, and without
leference to then report. When it Mas found that
they could not agiee upon the repoit, it was
thought the better couise for each blanch of the
committee to present its own views upon the sub-
ject of their investigations.
He moved for leave to present the paper he held
in his hand, as containing the views, of the minor-
ity of the committee.
Leave having been granted, Mr GRUNDY
presented the paper which was lead, after which,
Mr. GRUNDY said that at «the las,t session
there was a great diversity of opinion as to what
number of copies of the lepoit should be pnr.'ed.
The committee on this occasion wished to avoid
any such difficulty, and by the unanimous consent
of the committee, he was duected to move that
two thousand five hundred copies of the repoits,
together with the documents, and five thousand
extra copies of the repoits, without the documents,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Ihe CHAIR here íeinarked that such motion
was out of ordet, until aftei the bill reported by
the committee should be lead
Mi. GRUNDY then yielded the foor, and the
bill was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr. GRUNDY expressed a wish that the bi'l
might be read the second time by its title, for the
purpose of reference to the committee He stated
that all the members of the committee had not had
an opportunity of examining it. If it was perfect
in all its provisions so far as it went, still some
additional provisions might be mgiafted upon it,
which would be likely to meet the unanimous ap-
probation of the committee
Mr. EWING said that owing to the great pres-
sure of other business upon the members of the
committee, they were unable to spend as much
time upon tlie bill as was desirable.   He was
willing, therefore, that the motion should prevail,
that the bill should be read the second time and
recommitted, under the assurance that it should
be íeported without delay.
The bill was then read the second time by its
title, to wit: " A bill changing the organization of
the General Post Office."
Mr. GRUNDY then moved to recommit the
bill.
Mr. CLAY thought it would be better to order
the bill to be punted, and then the committee
could have it, as we'l as other members of the
Senate, and they could prepare any amendments
oi impiovements they might think proper. It was
a novel proceeding to report a bill and then recom-
mit it before it was printed.
Mr. GRUNDY said that if it was recommitted
it would be punted to-night. But he was not par-
ticular with regard to it, if the committee would
feel it as much their duty to examine it as if it waa
formally íefeired.
Mr. CLAY replied, that if the bill was to be
printed, he had no objection to the reference.
Mr. CLAYTON said he had attended to the
provisions of the bill as they had been read, and
he thought many of them of the utmost impor-
tance, particularly that submitting the money op-
erations of the department to the government of
Congiets. He always considered, and still be-
lieved, that the distribution of the public treasure
without the inteivention of Congiess, was in di-
lect violation of the Constitution. This bill pro-
posed to bring this department back and place it
undci the supervision and control of Congress.
Hesaw no reason for recommitting the bill, unless
the provisions in it were to be alteied¡and if they
weie, gentlemen could suggest such amendments
as they proposed when the bill came up. He did
not meet and recommend the adoption of any
other piovisions which they might agree upon.
Mr GRUNDY said he would not persist in his
motion But he hoped the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ewiktg,] would name a day, where the bill
might be taken up.
Mr. PORTER said he agreed with the gentle-
man from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] upon the
importance of the provisions of the bill. But ne
thought if the committee could improve it in its
details, it ought to be recommitted, and there
would be no difficulty in getting it printed. But
with regaio. to printing the leports, he was appre-
hensive some eiror might be fallen into, and per-
haps he mightafterwards he said to have given hia
assentto all the piovisions of the leport, a matter
whioh had been imputed to him, on a similar
occasion. He lose at this time moie particularly
to ask a question of the honorable chairman of
the commiuee, [Mr. Gruvdy ] It was whether
at the last session of Congress, application had
been made for an appropiiation for the relief of
the Post Office Department.
Mi GRUNDY íephed, that he did not know.
Something was said by the committee on that
subject. But he had no recollection that a bill for
that purpose was before them
Mi PORTER resumed. The explanation of
the honoiable gentleman was as he expected No
such thing was before the committee. He desned
to make the request he did on this floor, ftom the
circumstance that, in an address published in the
newspapers bearing the S'gnatureof a high officer
—tne President of the Urn ed States—his honora-
ble colleague [Mi. Wiggamin] and himself were
charged with having voted againstsuch an appro-
piiation for the purpose of embarrassing that De-
partment, and preventing it from granting mail
facilities to the citizens of the State they had the
honor to represent. This was the reason for hia
asking the question. He did not accuse that high
officer with intentional misrepresentation. Butthe
accusation had gone out from the President of the
United States, and was made on the eve of an
170___________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          January 27,
important election in Louisiana. He (Mr. P.)
might have assented to the report of the majouty
of the committee, but he did so as he assented to
all other documents, the general tenor of which
he approved.
The CHAIR here observed that such observa-
tions were not m order.
After some further remarks from Mr. PORTER,
on the subject,
Mr. EWING moved that the bill be made the
special order of the day fur Monday next.
Mi. CALHOUN said if the committee could be
unanimous upon the provisions of the bill, whiUi
he looked upon as of great importance, it was
▼ery desirable that it should be recommitted.
Mr. GRUNDY said he never saw the bill until
yesterday morning, when he was not able to give
it a very attentive examination. Since then he
has been very much engaged. Some of its pro-
visions he should fully concur in, perhaps all of
them—he did not know. But he was satisfied
that the bill was susceptible of further important
improvements that were not in it, and in which
all the members of the committee, he thought,
would concur.
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to recommit, but
withdrew the motion, on the suggestion of the
Chair that there was a motion pending.
Mr PRESTON said, he had no wish to inter-
fere in the disposition which was proposed to' be
made of the bill, but he was anxious to be further
informed on the subject, and first, he would put
a question to the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee. We had heard a most voluminous report
with regard to the Post Office, together with the
views of the minority, and a bill for the reoigam-
zation of the department. He would ask whether
it was the conclusion of the committee that the
proposed reoigamzation of the department was a
cure for the evils prevailing there, or in other
words, whether all the evils set forth in the report
were theresult of an improper organization of the
Department? Now, could any gentleman say
that all the enormous evils set forth in the report
were the result of such an improper organization'
It would be recollected that this was not the first
occasion on which developments of an extraoidi-
nary character had been made, and that on the
other occasion there was a unanimous vote of the
Senate strongly censuring -the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The gentleman from Louisiana had alluded to
the declaration of a high personage in allusion to
himself, and he (Mr. P ) would fall to mind
another declaration of the Chief Magistrate that
he was íesponsible for, and was the universal
organ of the executive departments. And while
the declaration was fresh on the lips of the Presi-
dent, that he was responsible for the whole ex-'
ecutive power of the Government, was he to be
told that these abuses resulted from an improper
organization of that department' He was very
loath to form an opinion from hearing the report
read, but did any man doubt the turp.tude of the
Post Office ' When, hardly of the age of man, it
was found steeped in corruption the most foul, the
most melancholy. Why propose the mere reor-
ganization of it, if those who had been fattening
on it were still to be kept in' If the Piesident
was responsible, and the officers had acted im-
properly, was this the House to submit the sub-
ject to ^ And should we stand by without saying
or doing anything in regaid to the present state
of things in that department' But this was not
the pioper time to go into it, yet he was anxious
for an occasion of exposing the culpnt, whoever
he might be, that he might lay his hands upon
him, and hold him up to the public gaze. He
hoped an opportunity would be afforded him for
doing so, when he should think it his duty to
brand him as a culpnt before the people of this
country Now, were we to be put off with only
a prospective reorganization of the depaitment
for the purpose of correcting the evils which had
been exposed'
Mr. EWING. As to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from South Caiolma, that the Committee
did not think that all the mystery and evils which
had been exposed arose from the organization of
the depaitment, they believed that corruption
existed in the department—foul corruption, among
some of the individuals there, and the report ex-
pressed it. But the remedy proposed was the
only one which Congress could adopt. As re-
garded the conupt individuals, the committee
thought that the President ought long since to have
removed them. Perhaps the.gther branch of Con-
gress ought to have brought them before this
body. Nothing, however, could be done here but
legislation, prospective legislation The commit-
tee did not shunk from a resolution which should
elicit the opinion of the committee, but that would
come as well from any other membei of the Sen-
ate as from the committee. The labors of the
committee were before the Senate; and therefore
they did not report atiy resolution for the action
of the Senate; they had reported their views, and
left them to the Senate to dispose of.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped some Senator would
present a resolution giving some character to these
developments He listened to the report with
sorrow and the deepest mortification. He had
been twenty-two years connected with this Gov-
ernment, and in all that time the charges of cor-
ruption against all the departments of the Govern-
ment that he had ever heard, were not equal to the
disclosures here made. The exhibition would dis-
grace the rottenest ages of the Roman Republic
He hoped every Senator would be called on mhis
place to say whether he sanctioned it. The guilt
of the department was unquestionable; and it
remained to be seen whether any Senator would
rise heie to defend it, and identify himself with
it. If he could, and the public sentiment could
bear it, and the President could bear it, and the
people would submit to it, there was an end for-
ever to freedom He hoped some gentleman would
look into the subject, and propose some resolution
suitable to the occasion
Mr CUTHBERT said he was far from agree-
ing with the Senators from South Carolina. The
committee had manifested much more wisdom in
the course they had pursued than would have been
done by adopting their recommendation  They
had recommended legislative measures for the pur-
pose of remedying evils which we could remedy
Did we want the voice of party again to resound
through these Halls' If it was to be made a party
cause, let it be made at a proper time, and not
mingle it with the proceedings of this committee
Was this country so corruj>t that the people were
incapable of seeing and correcting any errois
which might creep into the Government' or was
the Government so corrupt that an attempt should
be made to weaken the attachment of the people
to it, and the institutions of this country '
Mi. BENTON said that the honorable gentle-
man from Suuth Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] if he
understood him correctly, was in favor of institu-
ting, judicially, a criminal pioceeding against the
Post Office Department, for the purpose of trying
Senators here All he had to say, now, was, that
he was ready, afrany time, to proceed in any man-
ner which was constitutional, and leave his con-
duct to say whether he was governed by the tram-
mels of party
Mr CALHOUN replied, thathe was surprised
that honorable gentlemen should make this a party
question The minority themselves did not do so
Who ever dreamed of making it a paity question '
If any party wished to identify themselves with
these corruptions, let them step forth Here weie
volumes of documents, which not one hundredth
pait of the people would read, and they must
receive an impression with regard to them (rom
what we did here. What he sa.d was, that the
people should know the opinions of Senators here
on this subject, and how were they to know them',
but by the incorporation of their sentiments in a
resolution for the action of this body' Did the
honorable gentleman fiom Georgia [Mi Cuth-
beri] wish to identify himself with the Post Office
and us management' He could not believe he
did. Ot hearing the leport read, he (Mr C ) felt
a deep and piotourd melancholy, that so much
rottenness should have found its way into a depart
ment, in so short a time And the expression of
opinion he suggested, was the only way in which
it could meet the people of this Union. If a di-
versity of opinion existed, it was due to the Sen-
ate that it should be done; and if no one would
present a resolution he would move it.   He was
not to be deterred from it by any fear of conse-
quences whatever His object was that the peo-
ple should know what impression this report made
here.
Mr. CUTHBERT said that honorable gentle-
men were invited to pursue any course which
their party zeal demanded. What he sa'd was,
that it was not good policy to mingle the feelings
of party with the efficient proceedings of this com-
mittee.
Mr. PRESTON asked the committee, whether
it was intended by then to offer any íesolution
expressive of their opinions on this subject. He
knew he was a party man, and had his party feel-
ings, and therefore he might well attribute some
slight party feelings as having actuated otheis.
Now, the committee had a right to report by bill
or otherwise, and the bill certainly did not express
the feelings of this House. In regard to this
subject, last year the committee reported resolu-
tions expressive of their feelings with regard to
it. Was theie party in that' So far from it,
party spirit had subsided on that occasion, quite
a calm ensued, and the honorable chairman of the
committee, who was always a zealous defender
of anything which was defensible, concurred with
us in voting for the resolutions. In i elation to the
Post Office, he had no other feelings but those of
disapprobation at the palpable frauds which hail
been disclosed. Por no purposes of party would
hehavesuch an exhibition of fiauds go forth. He
attributed them only to the department—he did not
know among what individuals they existed. Pie
deplored it, that such an instrument existed against
this Administration. But he hoped the committee
would report a resolution which should express
in some sort the views of the Senate, and that it
might act upon those who wielded the destinies of
this country.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia (said
Mr. P ) had alluded to party. Why stir up party
feelings now' We were beaten He felt it, and
theie was no use in exciting party spirit now when
no good could result from it. But here (said Mr.
P ) we are in a minority, and it was his sworn
duty to arrest, so far as was in his power, this
torient of corruption which was flowing through
and levelling everything in the land He wanted
something to blot out, so far as it could be done,
this plague spotfiom this young country. No
gentleman doubted the malfeasance of the Post
Office, and that it was not conducted as it ought
to be for the honor of this nation—that it was dis-
graceful to the United States. And when it was
brought before us as it was, he would ask, was it
piopei to pass on to the orders of the day with
the same coolness and indifference as if nothing of
the sort had occurred '
Mr CUTHBERT said, if he had felt the in-
fluence of the same spirit upon his feelings when
he first rose, which now operated upon him,
owing to the altered tone of the gentleman's last
remarks, he would not have risen. He was
pleased with the beautiful tropes of the honorable
gentleman, and the delightful melody of his voice,
but when he spoke of the defeats of his party,
they were perhaj s to be attributed in a great de-
gree to the monstrous exaggeiations of the period
alluded to, which magnified mere enor into the
most heinous crime                                *
Mi SOUTHARD then rose to speak, but gave
way to
Mr. EWING, who moved an adjournment;
which prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Janumy 27, 1835.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reponed with an amendment the
i Joint íesolution from the Senate, authorizing a
gold medal to be presented to Colonel Croghap,
and a sword to each of the officers under his com-
mand, for their gallant defence of Port Stephen-
son, during the late war.
After t>ome conversation between Messrs PAR-
KER, SPEIGHT, and MERCER, the amend-
ment was concurred in, and the resolution agreed
to.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr LOVC, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to whom the resolution heretofore offered
by Mr. McCARTY was committed, reported the
same, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out after the word correspondence, in
the fourth line, the words "of all Indian agents,
sub agents, and other persons connected with the
Indian department," and insert after the words
General Land Office, in the eighth line, the words
" of all Indian agents, sub age/its, and other per-
sons," and insert after the woids reserves of land,
m the tenth Une, the words " east of the Missis-
sippi ruer "
Mr CLAY was understood to ask that the
consideration of the resolution might be deferred
for the present.
Mr. LOVE said the resolution as reported was
unchanged, except as respected the printing.
Mr. CLAY wished the amendment read again,
as he had not perceived its full extent.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. LOVE said he would make a brief expla-
nation. The resolution as amended by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was confined in its oper-
ations to those States east of the Mississippi river.
The committee would have been gratified if it had
been in their power to have circumscribed the
information asked for within narrower limits; but
to have done so would have been invidious. Por
instance, if they had recommended an inquiry
into the transactions within the State of Alabama
alone, the gentlemen from that State might well
complain of an invidious distinction, and say, why
were not Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan included'
The committee have also been anxious to avoid
any unnecessary expense in the preparation of
this correspondence, but their duty to the House
and to the country, and the importance of the
matter involved, forbade them to limit it to any
particular State or Territory.
A few words on the principle of these reserva-
tions It was something like this: in the treaties
which gave rise to them, there were two stipula-
tions m relation to these reservations The first
was, that the President of the United States was
reqjired to approve of the transfer and sale of
• each reservation before it should be vested in the
purchaser; the second was, that the Indian agent
should testify that the reservation had been sold
for a valuable consideration, and that no fraud had
been practised on the Indians in the purchase.
The object of these stipulations was to protect
both the Indians and the Government from fraud.
It was impossible, therefore, that the President
of the United States, or the Secretary of War,
should have been, or could have been, conscious
of frauds, if frauds had been committed. The
frauds were said to be of this character, that agents
had combined with speculators in the purchase of
Indian reservations, and had certified that which
was not true, viz: that a valuable consideration had
been given, thereby defiaudmg both the Indians
and the Government of the United States.
Again- many of these reservaiions belonged to
orphans, and the commission of those frauds had
deprived them of subsistence. The resolution was
not intended to aiTect any particular individuals,
nor the Executive, nor any officer of the Govern-
ment, but its object was to bring to light the cor-
respondence of all those officers on the subject of
the Indian ieservations,so that the country might
see if frauds had been committed—who had been
guilty of them—and who had been defrauded—
what contracts made were valid, and what not,
and enable those who had rights which had been
viohted to set aside the contracts, or to institute
proceedings in relation thereto. No action was
proposed by ti e committee, but they asked only
that the coi respond ence and necessary documents
be furnished to the House, which may then be
refeued to oneof its stnnding committees for such
action a1? might be deemed requisite
The committee were well aware, and had duly
considered, lhat those documents could not be got
at without labor and some expense They weie
well appnz'd of it before their recommendation
of the íesolution, but itwasdue to the nation,due
to the Indians, and due to the Executive himself,
thai if frauds existed, the facts should be known,
a.id mvestigated, and  as he remarked the other
day he did not believe that a single gentleman in
that Louse, if he was satisfied that frauds had been
committed in an important branch of the public
service, would be deterred from voting for the
adoption of the resolution by the consideration of
its expense. Besides, Mr. L. was induced to be-
lieve that the amount had been very much amplified,
and that the labor would not be half as much as
had been described One gentleman said it would
take a few days, while another averred it as his
opinion it would take months, and these conflicting
statements showed it was a mere matter of opinion,
without being based on facts. The maps were
already prepared; and nothing was required but to
copy them, and transcribe theletters and documents
necessary.
Mr. CLAY said the gentleman from Kentucky
must have misapprehended what he had said, and
he presumed many gentlemen who had objected to
the adoption of this resolution had done so merely
on the score of the expense. "Mr C. had other,
and more material objections than the mere item
of cost. His first objection was that he believed
the call to be unnecessary. It would be recollected
by the House that the resolution called for the
services of those engaged in the land office to
transcribe all the correspondence and documents
in relation to all the Indian reservations Was
the House unaware of the continual and annual
complaints m this branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment, of its inabilities to perform its duties > Had
we not been notified, at the commencement of the
present session, that, in spite of all the extra clerk
hire already employed, the patents in the land
office were upwards of one hundred thousand in
arrears' Then the first objection that presented
itself to his iiimd was, that the call was unneces-
sary for such a mass of documents, not one-tenth
of which would prove useful to the country or to
an individual member of the House. It was true,
that in connexion we might take into considera-
tion the great expense that would, and necessarily
must be incurred. And again, why call for a mass
of documents without any assurance that the
public Interest required them to be made out at a
great expense of labor and money, without taking
into consideration the cost of printing a volume
of some seven or eight hundred pages, all at the
public expense, and as far as any one knew, not
1 calculated to benefit any one portion or section of
| the country' This was an objecfon, but never-
thelss Mr C. did not pretend to put it into the
scale with the detectionof the perpetration of fraud,
if such existed But why have not gentlemen
made a specification, and then called for proof,
instead of .involving the country in an immense
expense upon vague rumor'
And this brought him (Mr. C.) toa still more
important objection. The House was then dis-
cussing a mere ex paite inquiry, and instituting an
inquisition into the conduct of every agent of the
Government, without any specific charge having
been brought against any one of them, or without
giving them notice of the trial, or investigation,
they weie about to undergo Would not such a
course be unjust towards those individuals who
had been mtiusted with a great public duty to
bring their conduct before a committee for inves-
tigation, without designating any specific charge,
or without giving those individuals any notice
thereof He did not expect a single member of
that House to rise in his place and say tnat he
had a well-founded suspicion against either the
office or any individual employed in it
As far as regarded the State of winch Mr. C had
thehonortobearepresentative,noteven rumor had
whispered that any fraudulent transactions had
taken place there, and wny should the persons
engaged there be brought up on an ex paite mqji-
sition > Irreparable ind irretnevableinjuiy might
be done to individuals in this branch of the ser-
vice by the proposed measure If the committee,
or any gentleman of the House, were in posses-
sion of a well-giounded charge of fraud, designate
the party, and if they did, Mr C would oe the
last to vote against having a copy of every íecord
of every descnption, whether a respected the
President or any other functionary of ne Govern-
ment, that could bear upon the case, but do not
diaw upon one brancn of the Tieasury Depart-
ment for labor which it is impracticable to per-
form, unless its mare important dufes are ne-
glected—duties which it is already incompetent to
fdlfil—for the purpose of bringing on a trial with-
out previous notice.
It seemed to him (Mr C.) that these few objec-
tions were unanswerable; he might urge more,
but he did not wish to take up the time of the
House in a lengthened discussion, the less so as
he hoped the House would not adopt it without
some modification, or taking some time to examino
us details.
Mr. PLUMMER said, having first made war
on the resolution, as originally introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McCarty,] for
reasons which he then stated to the House, and
the original resolution having been amended to
meet his views, he withdrew all opposition, and
would vote for its adoption m its modified form.
It was true that he thought it an unnecessary con-
sumption of time to require the clerks n the Gen-
eral Land Office, who had not aid enough to keep
up the current business of the office, to make out
plats of the lands on which the Indian reservations
were located. He could not conceive of any ben-
efit the maps would be to the House or the coun-
try. That objection, however, was too unim-
portant to induce him to vote against the whole of
the resolution, or jeopardize its adoption by sub-
mitting an amendment. He was in favor of the
call, itwasdue to the country, and the officers
of the Government, that all of the documents in
relation to lands held under the Indian treaties,
should be published to the world. There were
reservations under the treaty of Doak's Stand,
made in 1&20, held by purchasers under regula-
tions of the War Department, the titles to which
were not distinctly understood by those who had
a right to know by what tenure and nature of
titles all lands within the limits of Mississippi are
held. The State has the right to tax those lands,
as well as lands the titles to which were acquired
dnectly by purchase from the Government, after
the expiration of five years from the time they
became private property. In some cases of res-
ervations, it was unknown whether the lands
reserved fiom sale for individuals of the Choctaw
tribe were private property, or whether they had
reverted to the General Government. If these
reservations were private property, the State had
a right to tax them. If they belonged to the Gen-
eral Government, they ought to be brought into
market and offered for sale as other public lands.
There were no records in the State showing these
facts
As regards the matter of expense, he said that
was of little importance compared with the import-
ance of investigating the frauds charged by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Love,] who is,
on this occasion, the organ of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. The objections which he urged,
and enlarged upon the other day, in relation to
the expense of furnishing and printing the infor-
mation proposed to be obtained, he repeated, had
been obviated by the adoption of the amendment
which he then offeied,and became incorporated
into the body of the resolution He repelled the
idea that the item of expense would induce him
on any occasion to screen a public officer, charged
with improper conduct, from an investigation,nor
deprive the people, or their repiesentatives, of
useful information. He only objected to a useless
and unnecessary expendituie of the peop'e's
money, for the publication of new editions of doc-
uments and papers which would never be read.
Mr P did not understand the gentleman from
Kentucky, nor any one who preferred the charge
of fraud against the agents of the Government as
loca'iig the charge in Mississ,ppi Thegentleman
[Mr Love] says that he did not Healsounder-
stooJ the gentlemen from North Carolina, [Mr.
Bauringer,] who touched on this subject the
other day, as making the same disclaimer as to
Mississippi He thetefoie did not feel called on
to either defend or eulogize his constituents.
Their conduct would bear the mo t scrutinizing
luve&tigttion, so far as his (Mr P S.) knowledge
exterdcd, and he probably knew more on that
bubject than any gentleman on die floor Nor
vis it r ght that gentlenen on this floor should be
allowed to require the chc ige to be located in any
particular section of the country, since it haa come
172____________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________January 27,
from a standing committee qf the House. A dis-
claimer as to each of those States in which the
venue was not intended, he said, would necessarily
locate the charge of fraud in some particular sec-
tion of the country, which would do no good at
this time, on a proposition to call for information,
and might create heart-burnings calculated to do
evil, and prevent an impartial investigation of the
subject The difficulties and the extraordinary
state of affairs growing out of the investigation of
the alleged frauds in i elation to land matters which
had taken place withm the pist year, in his own
State, was a sufficient commentary on doing things
in an improper manner. Gentlemen were, how-
ever, mistaken in supposing that this was a reso-
lution of inquiry, or proposed to investigate the
alleged frauds It only called for the record, for
documents, for fac's which would enable this
House or any mdvidual in the community to lay
their finger on the particular reservation in relation
to which a fraud had been committed, 01 on the
identical officer said to be guilty The gentleman
from Kentucky was mistaken, (said Mi P ,) so
far as his knowledge extended in relation to the
manner of transferring and approval of those
transfers by the President of Indian reservations
Mi P would not, however, enlarge on the sub-
ject There was no secret transactions m relation
to the saleor tiansfer of Indian reservations which
the President or any of the heads of departments
were anxious to conceal from the members of this
House, or any individual in the community. He
had been p?rmitted to examine any poition of
these papers and documents, in relation to which
his constituents desired information, and other
gentlemen would be allowed the same pavilegeon
application Nor would any oojection be made
by them to spread the whole of the documents
before the people of the nation, who have a right
to know and inquire into the actings and doings
of their agents He concluded by expressing a
desire that the discussion might be brought to a
close, and the resolution as amended be adopted
without opposition.
Mr LOVE addressed the House a few minutes
in explanation, in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mi Clav,] in relation to this resolu-
tion. It was not an investigation The committee
had not implicated any particular individual. That
subject was left for theaction of the House With
regaid to that class of individuals known as specu-
lators in Indian íeservations he confessed he had
little faith or confidence in them, as aclass. They
had not only been in the habit of not only cheat-
ing the Indians, but the Government also, and
many of them had realized fortunes by such
means There might be, and doubtless was, many
honorable men among them, but lieiepeated,asa
class tney had not his confidence Another remark
Many of these Indian claims weie tran fmed
There weie hundreds within the State wh.ch the
Government did not know whether it had the
power of taxing 01 not The information, there-
fore, contemplated by the i evolution would be of
immense nripoitance to the State, by enabling uto
levy tne taxes of which H had heieiofore been
deprived
Mi McKINLEV said hebe'ieved the resolution
might be so modified es to meet the views of all.
If the gentlema i would allow it to lay a few days
upon the table such amendments would doubtless
be made Oe auegestion he vou'd now make
an al cia'ion was desirable in rcl tion to the maps
deigied to accompwy the ooirespondence and
document Hi a general point of view, he was
fi.orably diyos<"d towaida tne pdop'ion of the
reso'ution i ho rt mor of fraud seems to demand
in 'esti^at on
Mr C WING said he understood the gentleman
from Alabama f\ir   McKivttv]  now to adm.t '
tint gio^s ft cud y did e list
Mi   MrlvliS LEY said he íeferred to rumon
Mi rwiNG, afar some furthei rem irks, not
flis.lt irtlv jider^tood, le'dred to the gratuitous
reman?, if the gewlemn fiora Indiana, [Mr
L  \e,j as repoi eu .11 the Globe the othei day, in
leiation to 'lie hi^rh chataciei for lniegnty of the
people of h s Sta e f a s he conceived to nave
been 1 ncalled foi, as then reputaaon nad not been
t ttacked
Mr E -a.d he had risen c! icly to correct the
statement made in the Globe, as a report of the
remarks of his colleague. The remarks given
there to day, m inverted commas, as a quotation,
were not those delivered by that gentleman to the
House He denied the accuracy of the report,
and its correction
[We are prevented from giving so full a report
ofMi. Etving's remarks as we would have wished,
owing to the distance of hia seat from the íe-
porter's desk, and the consequent difficulty of
hearing ]
Mr. LANE said he could assure the House that
the respect which he owed to himself, and to the
House, would prevent him from any attempt to
enter into a personal discussion or collision on
this subject He would confine himself to the
statement of facts as they existed—truth as it ex-
isted, without the fear of contradiction; and con-
tradict it who will, sir, (said Mr. L ,)it shall be at
the peril-------
The SPEAKER called Mr. L to order.
Mr. L proceeded He had made som« remarks
on the subject of the resolution, in reply to what
fell from one of his honorable colleagues, and other
gentlemen m the piecedmg part of the debate, at
the conclusion of the discussion, and after the gen-
tleman from Mississippi had taken his seat.
Mr L rose late in the debate to give an expla-
nation, inasmuch as a different direction had been
given to the resolution, lefernng it to a committee
of the House, which he believed would investigate
it, and make the inquiry whether frauds had been
perpetrated or not, and call for such papers, and
such papers alone, as would be calculated to fix
or locate the charges of fraud. He would vote for
it. He did not profess to give the language used
by himself on that occasion verbatim, but he did
it substantially, if not literally He stated to the
House that he felt it lus duty to say one word in
reference to the people of Indiana, inasmuch as
the resolution having originated with the gentle-
man from his own State, and inasmuch as two of
his honorable colleagues [Messrs. Ewing and Mc-
Cartt] had expressed a belief that frauds had
been peipetrated m the transfer of Indian reserva-
tions, it might be supposed that some of those
fiauds had taken place in Indiana He said of
the people of his State that he believed a purer
and more honest population did not exist in any
State, that they were high minded aiid honorable,
and that he had been acquainted with most, if not
all, of the Indian agents tor the last twenty years,
and he believed them to be honest men, and in-
capable of perpetrating any fraud upon the Gov-
ernment, upon an Indian, or upon an individual
These weie his íemarks, and those who sat near
htm would, he had no doubt, recognise them In
the report oft! em, by the omission of a word or
two, he was m ide to say, that inasmuch as " two
of his colleagues had, if fraud had been perpetra-
ted, located them in that State," he felt it his duty
to say th a much in defence of the people of In-
d.ana The moment he saw the repoit he detected
the mistake, -ind immediately addressed a note to
the rejiorter, giving the very substance, if not the
letter of his remarks, as now stated by him The
paper for Monday, he presumed, had been made up
before his note reached the office, and this caused
the delay cf its appeaiance till this morning
Nov/, then, it seemed that his great offence,as he
apprehendtd it, was, that he had dared to say the
gentleman's constituent:  were honest and high-
niinded men He seemed to claim the exclusive
puvilege of eulogizing and defending his own con-
stituents Mr L had supposed that, though the
immediate íepresentative of a particular district,
he ought to have soric interest in the State of In-
diana generally, and ne funhermore tl ought that
the State had dome claims upon himself, nor did
he believe 1 e had viokt d any stated iule,or done
anything calculated to invoke the b'tter comments
that had been maue lie would assuie his hon-
orable colleagues on hib left and on hn right, that
he never should have complained if they had
thought propei tocoropliment his constituents, on
the contrary, they should each and severally have
received, as in his opinion they would have ner-
ited, his sincere ti anl's
What Mi L had stated with reference to his
rieviousremark'?,and the cucumstances connected
tneiewuh, i.e a&ain averted to be true and not
false, and he could only say, that whoever contra-
dicted him, would himself be an individual who
asserted a falsehood He was aware that it was
easy to be mistaken m that House as to particular
words employed. He did not intend, in the re-
marks he made, to charge either of his colleagues
with having located the perpetration of the frauds
referred to in Indiana, but he thought as the
honorable member from Mississippi [Mr Cage]
had taken occasion to defend the people of his
State, Mr. L was apprehensive that they mi ht
be supposed by the House to have originated" in
his State He was at a loss to conceive wherein
he had committed any offence. He had nothing
more to say for himself He could assure his hon-
orable colleagues, however, that he thought, and
he had no doubt the House thought, the remarks
uncalled for. Mr. L. had corrected them, and
corrected them timely, and the correction was
published; and he could assure those gentlemen
that he should always avoid any thing, by act,
word, or deed, calling in question their motives,
their integiity, or their attention to the best inte-
rests of their constituents, that he should never
take pleasure in casting the slightest imputation
upon them, but should always treat them with
kindness and good feeling, and would ever be
ready to cooperate with them in any thing and
every thing they may undertake, calculated to
promote the interest of their constituents, the in-
terest and prosperity of our State, and the interest
and prosperity of the Union; and if ever he should
be capable of saying aught to reflect upon the
character of his constituents, he should feel him-
self unworthy of a seat upon that floor. When-
ever he could bring himself to travel unnecessarily
out of the way, to impugn their motives, he would
do it elsewhere than in that House, he would do
it as a gentleman, and not in a manner to protect
himself with the splendid walls of that Hall In
conclusion, he could assure his honorable col-
leagues that he had no such feelings towaids them.
He envied them not, he reproached them not, but
he was ready to aid and assist, heart in hand, and
to go with them in either praising, eulogizing, or
serving the people of Indiana.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
Mr POLK called for the orders of the day;
which was agreed to—ayes 102, noes 77—and the
further cpnsideration of the resolution stands over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented the following com-
munications, which were severally laid on the
table and directed to be printed:
Prom the Secretary of War relative to the con-
dition of a harbor in the Delaware river
Prom the Secretary of War, a report in answer
to a resolution of the House of the — instant, de-
siring information in relation to the amount paid
to the different custom house officers in the large
Cities of the United States.
Trom the Secretary of War, in pursuance of
the resolution of the 20ih instant specifying the
amount required for completing the astronomical
observations relative to the southern boundary of
Michigan.
Prom the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
the leport of J N Reynolds, relative to certain
islands in the Pacific ocean
■Mr PEARCE said this report related to a
subject of great commercial importance to the
country He moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and that an extra num-
ber of one thousand copies be printed
The reference was made accordingly, and the
motion to print an extra number of copies, ac-
cord ng to the rule of the House, was laid upon
the table for one day.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
A bill returned fiom the Senate, entitled an act
foi the final adjustment of land claims in Louis-
iana, with an amendment, was then taken up, and
on motion of Mr. GARLAND, was postponed
till to morrow.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
An act to amend the act providing for the con-
struction of a bridge across the Potomac, was
-ead a third time and passed
1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________                      173
COURTS Iff TENNESSEE.                     |
The bill to i emulate the United Slates circuit ¡
court for  the district of West Tennessee,  was j
next taken up.                                        -,,.„,
Mr. PEYTON moved to recommit the bill to |
the ComtniiiF.e on the Judiciary, with instructions |
to insert a provision for an increase of the salaries j
of the judges.  He thought this to be due to them, I
inasmuch us their duties were much extended.      |
Mr. FOSTER eaid the bill was founded on a 1
petition which said nothing on the subject of an j
increase of compensation.    He, however, had no j
objection to the course proposed.                              j
The bill was then recommitted.                             j
MEDAL PROM THE MINT,                    j
The joint resolution, introduced by Mr. E. i!
EVEKLT ]', from the Committee on the Library, '
directing a gold medal to be struck at the Mint ot ;
t.'ie United  Suites from  the original die, at the |
exnense of Morgan Neville, in honor of the battle j
of the Cowpens, was read a third time and passed, j
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.             |
The House then resumed the consideration of 1
the bill making appropriations for the civil and j
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the j
year 1833—being on the amendment offered by |
Mr.VANCE, relative to the pay of custcm-house ',
officers.                                                                          ¡
Mr. VANCE supported his amendment at !
length,¿mil went into a tabular and documentary j
history of the expense of the collection of the j
revenue since 1811, and the gradual increase of '
1 He'was followed by Mr. CAMBRELENG, '
who concurred in the general object designed to ,
be effected by this amendment. But he conceived ;
it was improper to incorporate its provisions in '■
the general appropriation bill. It should form the ;
subject of a separate bill. Mr. C. also explained ',
the manner in which the gentleman from Ohio, ■
[Mr. Vance,] had fallen into error in some of his ;
tabular statements'.                                                      !
Mr. SUTHERLAND followed on the same :
side of the question, and stated the intention of ;
the commercial committee soon to bring this ]
matter before the House.                                            ¡
Mr. FILLMORE also spoke at some length on ¡
the amendment; and finally offered an amendment
to the amei.dment of the gentleman from Ohio, for
las acceptance, which was, however, declined.
The debate was continued by Messrs. POPE,
PHILLIPS, WARD, WILLIAMS, GILLET, ;
and HARPER.                                          ,    ,            I
Mr. WARD said he regretted that the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vance] should ,
have tajten this occasion to endeavor to correct the j
abuses which he seems to think exists in the col- j
lection of the revenue from customs.   The object <
which the honorable gentleman has in view is to ¡
repeal all " that part of the second section of an ,
' act entitled an act making appropriations for tha I
'civil and diplomatic expenses of Government i
' for the year 1834," which authorizes the Secre- ,
tary of the Treasury to pay to the collectors, naval :
officers, surveyors, and their respective clerks, ;
together with the weighers of the several ports of j
the United States, out of any money in theTreas-1
ury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as
will give to the eaid officers respectively the same
compensation in the year 1834, according to the
imoortatiom of that  year,  as  they would  have
been entitled  to receive if the act of the 14th of
July had not gone into effect; and that the clerks
employed by the respective collectors, naval offi-
cers, and surveyors of the several ports, shall be
We had been told by the honorable gentleman
who is at the head of the Committeeon Commerce,
[Mr. Sutherland,] that that committee has the
subject of " the compensation and number of the
custom-liouse officers" under consideration in the
committee, and that he has reason to believe that
the committee will make a report during the ses-
sion; and that honorable gentleman had himself
opposed this amendment in a forcible and eloquent
address to the House. Now, if the honorable
gentleman who had devoted so much of his time
particularly to this subject, was of the opinion that
the proposed amendment was improper, and if the
able and distinguished gentleman at the head of
the Committee of Ways and Means, who reported
this bill, and who had also given the subject much
consideration, entertained the same opinion, he
would ask whether gentlemen would sustain it,
without allowing themselves time thoroughly to
examine the subject, so that they might, at least,
act understandingiy upon it. He hoped not; and
he hoped too that gentlemen were not disposed to
delay the passageof this important bill, by acon-
tinuance of this discussion, until the extraneous
matter now in controversy was investigated and
settled. This bill now blocks up our way; and
he would remind the House that there were but
twenty-two days cf the session remaining, in
which, by the rules of the House, we could trans-
act public business; and yet, as it was well known,
we had before us a vast deal of business, of the
most important character.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vance] had
entered at large into a statement of the amount of
revenue received, for several years past, and ofthe
amount expended in collecting it, and he had alleged
that the expense of collection had amounted to
from two and a half to ten per cent. Mr. W. was,
he said, induced to believe that the honorable
gentleman was mistaken in this statement, so far,
at least, as regarded the principal commercial
cities; for it would be found, upon a careful ex-
amination, that the expense of collecting the
revenue from imports would not, in the aggregate,
exceed from three and a half to four per cent.
The statement of the honorable gentleman showed
that, in one instance, the expense of collection
had gone'up as high as six per cent,, but that, as
he had just remarked, was not true in respect to
any of the principal cities. It would be found
that in the city of New York, which place seemed
to command so much of the gentleman's attention,
the cost of collecting the revenue had never ex-
ceeded from three to three and three-fourths per
cent., on the amount received.
The amount of the revenue collected, and of the
expenses of collection, in the year 1833, in Boston,
A'ew York, and Philadelphia, was as follows:
Boston collected §3,908 356 97; expenses $121,-
978- or a fraction more than 3 per cent.
New York collected §13,081,548 92; expenses
$4«9 501; or a fraction more than 3J per cent.
Philadelphia collected £2,995,663 35; expenses
4,99,877; or a fraction more than 3| per cent.
The honorable gentleman did not consider that
in making his calculations of the expense, he took
the whole revenue.
Now, there were many ports at which much
more was paid than the amount received. If
these could be abolished, the expense of collecting
would be greatly diminished; and if reduction
was necessary, which he was not willing to admit,
¡t should be made in those ports which were a
burden on, and not those winch support the Gov-
ernment. Nor did th.3 honorable gentleman con-
sider that the amount of duties had been of late
paid for the yea'r 1833, as if they had been speci- ;, ""V';;¿¿¿''by the tariff, which, at the same
".......     "     """"'"                 ?f.the.act_0! !i ,i^ /HiH not.allow of a reduction in the number
als has
with the diminution of duties.
recited act of 1S34, be ;
fically included in the third section
the SI of March, of said year, entitled "An act
'making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
' matic expenses of Government for the year 1834,
«ami to provide that the balance of the said sec-
' ond section of the above r
'continued  in
' Congress."                                             , .             ,
Mr! W. said, the amendment to this amend-
ment, which has been submitted by hiscolleague,
[Mr. Fiu.MCP.r.,]did not materially vary the case,
and he, for one, was not prepared, at this time, to
record his vote m favor of either of the proposi-
tions.
time, did not allow of a r
of officers, because the increase of arrivals has
been progressive with the diminution 0! duties.
Durin" the last year more than two thousand
be .. vessels from foreign ports entered at the custom-
.......- ■ ■ ■             .          .      . ,    ¡I i,ollse of New York; and every one of them must
force, until otherwise ordeied by  , house ot^J^. 0„ bo¿di or lhose which
brin  articles not dutiable might avail themselves
ofthe circumstance to smuggle in valuable dutiable
there was scarcely a
honorable gentleman [Mr. Vajíce] seemed so
desirous of inquiring into the expense of collecting
the revenue from customs. W iiy did he not like-
wise inquire into the expense of collecting the
revenue from the sale of the public lands ? If he
would compare the expense of collecting the one
with the expense of collecting'the other, he would
find a vast difference in favor of the collection of
the revenue from customs. The expense attend-
ing the collection of the land revenue varied from
eight to twenty-five per cent, upon the amount
received. Mr. W. said he had no complaint to
make with respect to this great and manifest dif-
ference. He believed that the officers in charge
of the sale of the public lands, and in the receipt
ofthe money therefor, receiyed no more for their
services than they were fairly entitled to. The
land agents and land receivers were each allowed
an annual salary of §500, with an addition of one
per cent, on the amountof the moneys received—
their emoluments being limited to $3,000 a year;
and he did not hesitate to say that most, if not all
of those officers, receive the maximum amount
allowed By lav/. These offices were places of
great responsibility, and require to be filled by
men of worth and respectability; and he did not
wish to be understood as complaining that they
were in the receipt of too great a compensation
for their services.* But if it was not deemed ex-
travagant to allow them $3,000 a year for their
services, residing, as they did, in the country
where living was cheap, it seemed to him that no
complaint ought to be made against the small
amount received by gaugers, weighers, and other
subordinate officers attached to the custom-houses;
for their situations were no less responsible, re-
quiring equal talent and respectability, while the
expense of living in the principal cities must be
acknowledged on all sides to be vastly greater.
But we have been told, he said, by his honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Fillmore,] that some ofthe
weighers receive from §4,000 to $6,000 a year for
their services;  one, in particular, in  Baltimore,
and others either in Philadelphia or Boston; and
this was urged as the principal reason  why we
should vote for the amendment.    Did that gentle-
man suppose that one weigher in each of those
cities was competent to perform personally all the
duties of his office ?   Did he not know that he is
compelled, from the nature ofthe case, to employ
deputies ?   And did not those deputies come in for
a portion of these receipts ?    In fact, on the ground
assumed,and on which the honorable gentleman
so confidently relied, the compensation, had there
been an adequate number of  weighers, would
have been even less to each than was received in
1833, by the same class of officers, in New York.
Mr. W. said, he would inform that gentleman
and the House that the weighers were obliged to
pay all the expenses of  labor incident to their
office, which amounted to about one third of their
gross receipts; and although it would seem from
the document referred to by the gentlemen who
have advocated this amendment, that, by the sep-
arate returns of the weighers in the city of New
York, one may have  received  some $2,000  or
$3,000 a year for his services, while another re-
ceived but §400, this inequality would disappear
when it was known that the aggregate amount
received for fees was equally divided between the
fourteen weighers in that city.    The facts were,
that in the year 1833, the net amount paid the
weighers in the city of New Yoik was $18,675,
! which, being divided between the fourteen weigh-
| ers in that city, gave to each only the sum of
'■ ^1,333 per annum—a sum hardly adequate, with
! the «-reatest economy, to support themselves and
| their families.   Was there, he asked, a member
! who heard him, who would say that the amount
¡ thus shown to be received by these faithful and
1 vigilant guardians of our revenue, for their lnval-
« uable services, was too great?   He trusted not.
|l It had been said there existed abuses lit the co-
I i lection of the revenue from customs, that the sal-
II  aries ofthe officers were too high, and that their
number had been increased beyond the exigencies
ofthe service, and that they ought to be reduced.
He, for one, was not willing to concede that point.
He was willing that the subject should undergo
the strictest scrutiny of the Committee on Corn-
articles.     And, moreover, ......^------------     ,
sinMe cargo which did not embrace some dutiable
S°Mr.' W. said he was at a loss to know why the \ merce; that the examination should be conducted
174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januaiy 28,
either at the several custom-houses or at the bar
of this House, and he would venture to predict
that no just ground would be found to sustain any
of these allegations, and, he would further predict,
that the committee and the House would be con-
strained to come to the conclusion that the sala-
ries of most of the officers demand an increase
rather than a diminution. He, therefore, hoped
that this inquiry would be deferred until this ex-
amination could be had by the committee to which
the subject properly belonged,and to which ithad
been specially committed.
Mr GILLET commenced by saying/that it
was with reluctance that he had arisen to partici-
pate in the present debate The notice, however,
which had been taken of the Committee on Com-
merce rerdered it proper he should say one word
on the subject. He would endeavoi to state to
the House the real question under consideration
in as few woids as possible. Under the acts of
Congress, a ceitam percentage on moneys col-
lected was paid to the collectors of the customs,
as well as certain fees of office, out of which cer-
tain officers under them were paid the compensa-
tion allowed them by law, and the overplus, if
any, was paid into the Tieasury, after deducting
the salary of the collector On reducing the duties
on imports in 1832, the amount of these commis-
sions and fees became materially diminished,
though the labors of these officeis continued very
much the same. The consequence was, that the
fund out of which these officers were paid became
so much lessened, that it did not afford them a
reasonable compensation. This led to the adop-
tion of the third section of the act of 1833, which
is in these wordy:
"Sec 3 And be it fwither enacted, That the
' Secretaiy of the Treasuiy be, and he is hereby,
'authorized to pay to the collectors, naval officers,
* surveyors, gaugers, weighers, and measurers, of
'the several ports of the United States, out of any
' money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
' ated, such sums as will give to the said officers,
' respectively, the same compensation in the yeai
' one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, accord-
' mg to the importations of that year, as they
' would have been entitled to receive if the act of
' the 14th July, 1832, had not gone into effect."
Under this law Mr G understood that these
officers received the same compensation they did
prior to 1832, whether they then received it in the
shape of fees or in a salary. On passing the law
of 1833 it was expected that the whole subject of
paying the custom-house officeis would be acted
upon at the last session, but the destruction of
the Treasury building, and consequent loss of
matenals collected by the Secretary to enable him
to digest and recommend a plan for that purpose,
prevented those expectations from being then
realized. And in Older to prevent these officers
from not being sufficiently compensated, a section
was intioduced at the last session into the appro-
priation bill, making the necessary provision for
paying them, and it is in the precise words of the
law of 1833 It has, however, a proviso, limiting
the amount thai these ofhceis shall be allowed to
leceive. Under this law of 1834, it was under-
stood that the officers hud been paid their respect-
ive compensations. On passing the law of 1834,
this House considered that the law of 1833 had
expired, at this time the law of 1834 must be
equally dead. It could not have the effect to give
these officers salaries after 1834, unless 1834 could
be made to read 1835, &c It followed, that there
was no provision at this time to pay these men, if
the fund alluded to should fail to be sufficient In
this state of the case the civil appropriation bill
comes befoie us, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mi.Vanci.] pioposed to add to the appropriation
bill a section repealing that portion of the act of
1834, which provides for making compensation
to the officers referíed to, and continuing a certain
other portion of it * This, to his mind, was like
firing a park of artillery at a dead lion It was
hardly worthy of grave legislators to be spending
days on a question of repealing a dead law. If
the bill contained any provision to pay custom-
house officers, theie would be some apology for
this effoit, but it did not provide one cent foi
th*m, and the amendment is entirely irrelevant
and out jt pla e.
But the gentleman from Ohio talks much of enor-
mous sums taken from the Treasury to pay certain
of these officers lie forgets that much of what
many of them receive, and about which he speaks,
is fees paid by individuals, and but very little is
ever paid them fiom the Treasury, and he also
forgets that many of them disburse much of what
they receive in paying their necessary assistants.
It was highly probable that some of these officers
were too well and others too poorly paid. This is
not the propel place to examine and act upon that
subject. He had profited by experience. He
well recollected last session his venerable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] assumed the
ground that appropriation bills ought not to be
loaded with extraneous matters. Their office was
merely to appropriate money, under existing laws,
to compensate the public agents, and to execute
public woiks This was the tiue rule, and one
which he desired to act upon.
But (said Mr. G ) we are told that if we do not
add this clause now to this bill, we shall not be
able to act on the subject this session. He did
not deem it important that it should be done, for
unless we pass a kw to pay these officers, there
will be no law to pay them from the Treasury,
and the fund referred to cannot give them what
they received under the gentleman's amendment
of last year But fco his mind it would be less out
of place to add the gentleman's present amendment
to many of the other bills which were certain to
come up this session He, (Mr G ,) however,
hoped to see this whole subject brought before
this House at this session, in a proper form, from
the appropriate committee It was a subject of
vast importance, and required much deliberation
and care It was first necessary to establish a
proper basis, and then the details would require
great consideration and attention. He hoped, if
he had any agency m preparing the bill, to aid in
infusing into it so much of liberality and economy
as would make it acceptable to all sides of this
House. He would diminish the number of these
officers to the actual necessities and wants of the
Government,and was not for paying them, or any
other officers in the Government, a salary laiger
than was necessary to ensure the services of com-
petent, faithful, and efficient men More than
this would be justly termed extravagance. On
the other hand, that rate of compensation which
was so low as not to ensure the services of such
persons as he had described, would be ill-timed
economy, would result in injury to the public
interests When you pay too low to command
the services of men of capacity and integrity,
you are sure of being badly seived Your agent
must live, and if i/ou do not give him such com-
pensation as will allow him comfortably to -do
to, he is sure to cheat you m the time he serves
you, or in some other way; for a living he must
and will have. If he cannot live honestly, ne will
do so dishonestly. You may obtain capacity to
do business at a low price, but integrity is quite
as important as talent The public service íequires
both. He would, however, avoid, if possible,
having any officer whose compensation should
depend upon contingencies. It should not be
composed of percentages, or allowances, or any-
thing of the kind. He preferred paying a distinct
annual salary, then the law would inform us how
much each public agent received for his services.
This would prevent the dishonest fiom paying or
receiving too much, and it would shield the upright
from suspicion Then, on the last day of the
year, the compensation of all officers for the en-
suing year could be accurately calculated All
would be paid distinctly under statutes, and Con-
gress would be responsible to the people for the
amount paid.   Then the Executive would be free
i even from the suspicion of having by his own act
increased the expenses of Government. He would
I be, in the disbursement of the public moneys, the
executive of the laws of Congress—an agent with-
out discretionary powers It would relieve him
of much of the embarrassment now necessarily
attendant upon his office. The heads of the de-
partments, and their accounting officers, would
also be relieved fiom an unpleasant and vexatious
part of their duty These suspicions against the
integrity of officers would be much less likely to
bo raised, nowhebe'ievedmostof thes,esuspicions
grew out of the fact that many officers were not
paid a certain and definite sum as a salary
Mr. G. had uiged these considerations upon
the attention of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Watwougii,] when considering the Navy
pay bill, and he was happy to learn that they had
been duly appreciated, and were likely to be in-
grafted on it by common consent. Once adopt a
definite salary as the mode of pay, you do away
with all those difficulties that are said to be so
common between those who have accounts and
accounting officers Should these principles be
adopted in the custom-house pay bill, he thought
that branch of the public service would be relieved
from unjust suspicion. He did not expect, in the
details of any bill that could be repotted, that we
could all agree m opinion, in every instance, as to
the number and compensation of officers. These
things were mere matters of opinion; but in the
principles of compensation which he had suggested,
he hoped the gentleman fiom Ohio would acqui-
esce He even hoped they would be unanimously
assented to by the House.
After this frank expression of his (Mr. G.'s)
views and expectations, he hoped the gentleman
from Ohio would not fuither pi ess this subject
upon the consideration of the House, but allow
this bill to take the oidmary course through it,
untrammelled by the consideration of subjects
totally disconnected with those presented to our
consideration in the bill                                .
Mr McKINLEY called for the previous ques-
tion, which, however, was not seconded by the
House.
On motion of Mr. WISE,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 28, 1835.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the* Commissioner of
the General Land Office, in obedience to a resolu-
tion of the 30th ultimo, requiring copies of oaths
directed to be administered to all persons applying
to purchase public land; which was ordered to be
printed, with five thousand additional copies.
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Petitions were presented by Messrs MAN-
GUM, PRESTON, PORTER, and MOORE, and
referred.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief of
James Young, without amendment.
Also, a bill for the relief of Baily E Clark, with
an amendment.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Captain William
Morrow.
Mi ROBINSON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was refeired the bill for the
relief of Moses Shepperd, reported the same with
an amendment and a report, which were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Judiciary Committee, to
which was referred the bill from the House for the
better organization of the distnet courts of Ala-
bama, reported the same, with an amendment.
Mi POINDEXTER,ti om the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was i eferred the bill grant-
ing a further issuing of scrip for satisfaction of
United States military land warrants, reported the
same without amendment.
Also, the bill authorizing the widening of cer-
tain streets in the city of St  Augustine;
The bill for the relief of Richard P Archer, and
The bill for the relief of William O'Neile and
Robert Morrison.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, made unfavorable reports upon the claim of
Robert Morrison and Harvey Perry.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. BROWN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
( 1 ims le instructed to inquire .nto the pronncty
of allowing commutation pay to the heirs at law
of Henry liwin, late a lieutenant colonel of the
fifth regiment of the Nouh Caiohra line, on the
Contmertal establisnment in the army of the
Revolution
Wl t<"!i wps cors dered and adopted
By Mi   PRENTISS                                                i
1 est lied, I hat the Presiden be requested to
commui ¡cale to the Senate the correspondence
wh ch passed bftween ihe Governments ot the
Uni'ed states and Spam, through their respee'ive
ministers or averts, in the negotiation of the late
treaty between the two Governments, together
with t1 (■ instructions given to tne urn ¡sters of the
United Stales, from time to time, in the couise of
ihei r-g viation, oreo much of Mud correspondence
aid iiw ruction-; ps it rr< ly not 1   incompatible
with the pul 'ic interest to communicate
Mr TOMLLNSON, from the Committee on
Pension*', made an unfavoiable repon upon the
petitions of Daniel Maginnis and r.a"cis Patter-
son
RESOLUTIONS  OP ALABAMA.
Mr MOOItL presented certain jointresolutions
of the Le«i=latureof Alabama, relative to the 16 h
section of the public lands set apart for the use of
schools
Al o, ]o nt resolutions from the same body, for
tne ett blishment of a pension agency in Alabama
Mr KIVG, of Alabama,pret-en ed a memoi'al
from the same body, for the passage of a law to
confirm the titles of persons to lands purchased
i ear the line between Alabama and Georgia, with
out knowing at the time of purcna&e in wmeh
State their lands lay
INSTRUCTIONS FROM «TiTE   OF ALAEvMA
\lr KPSG said it also became his duty to pre-
sen., ce-tain jomtreso'u ions fiom the same Legi*
la ure, setting forth their di'ap, robat on of the
reso'ut on of the Senate of last ses ion, c^sunrg
the Ch ef Migis rate Or certain official acts, ard
irs n c i ig their Senators to use thei* best eitoits
to have the same expunged fromtl e Journal of the
Senate
Mr KI2vG moved that the resolutions be laid
on the tajle and printed
Tt e re clution^ having been read,
Mr CLAY suid, bdore any order shoald be
taken for Iiymg the resolutions on tne tab'e which
1 ad been addre  ed to t le Senatorsfrom Alaban a
as ii s rixtioi s, he wou J be glad to know it it was
the purpos" of the gentleman who had presented
them to submit a proposition toeA¡ urge the íeso-
lution alluded to from the Journal of the Senate>
Mr K!>,G, of Alabama, being aboutto speak,
ga\ e way to
Mr BENTON, who rose and sad that the
Senate would recollect that w he" the resolution of
censure was adopted, he gave ímmedia.e notice
to the Senate and to the Ame-ican peop'e that he
would commence a series of motions foi the pur
po«e of haung the offensive resolution expunged
from ti e Journal He used the word expunge in
ointradi unction to the words repeal or reverse,
because he believed at that time—and experience
had confirmed him m the belief—that a reperl of
it wou'1 not do justice iO ihe case It lequired
an expurgation of the Journal itself, which should
opir te as a declaratioi to all future times, that it
s lould not have been theie lie «rave this notice
fiom a conviction arisu g Irom ti e deepest reflec
tío i thtttne Senate, in udopting that resolution,
were tiamj line undci foot the Constitu ion Oi the
Uni ed Stito, and no* only ¡>c>, but all the forms
of administering cnminal justice He gave the
no ne, tio, wi h ut i msul ation w to any human
1 e n_, i ml i ot a I em * on this e-uth could eiy that
hea ke 1 hmi whether it was right or wrong- He
lad lot dole so, nor ne\er would he consult with
any one upon such an occasion No man con
feire 1 moie wi'h his friends on ordinary occasions
than he di 1 but there were some occasions and
emerjeic es on wl ich he consulted with none
And on this subject he calcuhted no consequences,
he cunsideied it immaterial if (lie whole Senate
should get up as one mai , and vote against it So
strong were his conditions of the pro riety of
Ml n it i g it, tint he would pic-ent it at tne haz
aid of ail consequences
The presentation of the Alabama resolutions
afforded him an opportunity of giving th.s public
notice, which he had often given privately here
He had told honorable members thaf he should,
at a convenient time, move this resolution On
yesterday evening when he saw an attemDt made
to give to the report of the Committee upon the
General Post Office, such a course and destination
as was to eventuate m a legislative measure here,
and when an attempt was made by the two Sena-
tors from South Carolina, to have this measure
followed up by something eUe, which was to be
a proceeding upon persons in contradistinction to
the subject-matter of the report, and m reality was
an impeachment in ti e form of legisla'ion, he then
determined to give notice, that at a convenient
time, he would offer a resolut on to expunge the
resolution of censure from the Journal This was
an answer to the inquiry
Mr KING, ot Alabama, said that he thought it
was so weil understood that the gen l >man from
Missouri had it in contemplation to offer the reso-
lution he had just s, oken of, thit he was sur
prised when the gentleman fiom Kentucky asked
him whether he was disposed to offer it He
could only say, toat havirf vot d against the reso-
lution of censure, he had supposed that his opm
ions on the subject bo'h then and sinne were well
understood 1 he Legislature of Alabama had
ms ructed him to do that which wou'd have made
it his duty to have brought such a reso ution before
the Senate, if the gentleman from Missouri had
dechned doing so He would in tn:tt event have
introduced it, embracing as we 1 'hat subject as
the right of instri etior He he d that right m
its fullest extent For he held it, not impugning
the omnions of others who thought differently
Cuf viewing that right as he did h* should ftel
himself bound to carry the wishes of his constitu
ents into effect when fairly aad fully made known
His course with regard to the resoution com
plam°d of, was well known, and, therefore, the
instructions from the Legislature of Alabama
scarcely applied to him If the moveme-t depended
upon him, he should have been disposed to have
suffered it to sleep where it was, if tne subject had
not been urged upon him But, if it was not
brought forward, he s1 ould feel himself bound to
bring it forward, and when thatshou d be done he
would of course vote for it If there were prece-
dents for it, as he bel eved theie we e, he should
vote for expungmg the objectionable resolution
from the Journal He might hesitate as to the
mode of doing it, but he would do everything to
effe"t it in fact
Mr CLAY said that the gentleman from Ala-
Lama presented these instructions from theLegis-
lature of Alabama, unaccompanied by any motion
to submit a reso'u'ion to expunge in accordance
with the institutions, and he (\li C ) felt quite
surpnsed that the gentleman snould not have ex
pee'ed the inquiry which he had made The in-
quiry was addressed to that gentleman, and him
only As to the answer which had been given by
another Senator, it was known that h s íelations
wi'h him were not of such a character as would
enable him to know his purposes But he hoped
these resolutions would be witndrawn for the pres-
ent, and a'cer the honoiable gentleman had made
a careful exammatio i of the Consai ition of the
United States upon the subject of each House
keeping & lecord of its proceedings, if he then
thought proper to present them \  th the resolu-
tion proposed, he could do so Tor himself, l.e
should think it his duty to his God and to his
countiy to oppose such a proposition at the very
threshold He submitted to the g"nt!eman the
propriety of witndraw a g the resolutions for the
piesent
Mi MOORE said, he hnd not anticipated any
discussion would arise upon ihe presentation of
the lesolutionsfiom theGeneril assembly of Ala-
bama, but as it had so u íexpectedly occuiied, he
wo lid be? lesve to say a vvoid oi two only
Sir, (said Mr M ,) his colleague might have sav-
ed himself the trouble of mfoiming the Senate that
these resolutions were not intended to influence
his conduct on the si l,ect of the expunging reso
lution, his will n'sness to \o e .n con ormuy with
the instructions would not Le doubted here or
eseuheie Mi M said he was free to edmit that
he m all probability was entitled to the honor of
having given rise to the resolutions, because, he
said, he had, in the exercise of his honest convic-
tions of propriety, on some few occasions been
compelled to vote differently from his colleague,
and poss'bly on the question referred to by the
resolutions, he entertained, however, the same
views row that he entertained then
Mr M said, as regarded the right of instruc-
tion, he admitted it to the fullest extent ever
claimed, as practised upon by the republican party
since the establishment of the Government, that
right, however, abided with the people as the
source of all power The sovereign people, he
said, had the legitimate right, either by themselves
or their agents, at their own instance, to instruct
their Senators upon matters of policy connected
witn theinnterest, these agents,however, as they
were only public servants themselves, must also
act in pursuance of the will of the sovereign
people
As regarded any matter involving constitutional
questions, Mr M felt himself bound by higher
and paramount obligations to his conscience But
upon all questions of policy he would be found
acknowledging the right of instruction by the
people, and the corresponding obligation on the
public servant to obey
Mr KING expressed his unwillingness to pro-
voke a discusslion, or to go further than to move
to lay the resou'ions on the table this he would
do He could not accede to the pioposition of
the gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw them.
When he should feel it his duty to call them up,
he would introduce such a resolution as he thought
proper And when he thought fit, he would bring
the subject forward,and the honorable gentleman
would have an oppo-tumty of discharging his duty
to his county and his God by opposing it
Mr MOORE said the resolution did not require
either him or his colleague to bring forward a
resolution to expunge They seemed to contem-
pla'e that such a resolution would be brought
forward But he submitted to his honorable col-
league, whether he would not consider it his duty
to introduce a íesolution
Mr CLAY asked whether it was not better
to withdraw the resolutions and offer them to-
morrow
Mr PRESTON said that the honorablegentle-
man from Missouri made reference to the debate
of yesterday, and stated that on account of the
remarks of the Senators from South Carolina, he
felt it to be his dutv, earlier than he intended, to
submit his resolution Not having investigated
his motives, he was surprised at the connection
which was made by him between the two subjects.
Last night he (Mr P ) stated that, upon the report
of the honoiable chairman, [Mr Grundy,] there
could be but one opinion,and herefore that some
expression of the Senate should be made upon
toe sub,ect matte- of it, and the honorable gentle-
man supposed that, as he (Mr P ) was not con-
tent with piospecti/e legislation, that he required
that some course should be pursued upon the
persons implicated in the department, and that,
therefore, the gentleman intended to introduce his
resolution Was it thought that, because he
chose to censure the Post Office Department, a
measure should be introduced here to censure the
Senate of the United States' Admit the Senate
had done wrong, upon what principle would you
introduce a censure of tne Senate here? Were
his lips to be closed, as a Senator of the United
States, in pronouncing censure upon a notoriously
conupt and irsohent department because tho
Senate itself was not free from blame before the
people5 The gentleman was m staken, too, in
supposing that he intended to censure persons
From the bottom of his heart he hoped that the
head of the department was free from blame.
And, as the honorable chairman of the committee
himself thought that only malfeasance existed
there, he would say, neither that gentleman, nor
the gentleman from Missoun, had failed to vots
at the last session for just such a resolution as he
pioposed
[Here Mr P read the resolution passed last
session, declaung the borrowing of money by tne
Post Off.ce Department to be unconstitutional,
and the veas and nays upon its passage ]
Mi P resumed The very fust name upon
the list (he said) was that of  he honorable mem-
176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ber from Missouri, m the affirmative, in which he
had given his authority for the resolution. Tnere
could be no stronger argument for censuring the
head of a department than this resolution. We
could not differ in regaid to these matters. Great
blame rested somewhere, and the affairs of the
office demanded reform; and when the Executive
claimed to supervise the executive departments,
and declined to exert his powers to correct such
abuses, he thought it necessary that he should
reiterate that these were evils which he might cor-
rect, or the people should interfere. Whenever
he knew there was corruption, he would brand
the guilty with it—aye, even to the President of
the United States. He thought if there was a
unanimous vote upon sucn a resolution as he sug-
gested, there would be a clearing out at the de-
partment, that the power of the Executive would
be interposed to correct the evils which had been
exposed He would not pause here to inquire
into the constitutionality of the power of expung-
ing from the records what one party may have
done, which was obnoxious to the other party
Nor whether it would be considered less impera-
tive to have it expunged if it applied to a subordi-
nate officei, rather than the Chief Executive. He
knew that " a saint in crape was twice a saint in
lawn." With him there was no difference in rank
between the President and a subordinate officer,
in making such an inquiry He said yesterday
that his party had been beaten down We were
not, it was true, in a minority here, but we should
shortly be, and should eveiy thing we had done,
then be expunged? He hoped and believed that
this Government was to live long, but what would
it avail to expose and denounce that Post Office'
Could such denunciation and exposure affect the
great popularity of the President? The man must
have a more ardent spirit than he professed to
have who could believe it. No, sir If it was
blackened with a ten-fold deeper die than both of
the reporta together gave it, it would not affect
this Administration. When one of the reports
stated that one mail contractor had íeceived one
hundred thousand dollars which was not ac-
counted for, and showed that the flood-gates of
corruption were opened, the very exposure would
tend to strengthen the Administration.
Mr. BENTON could not but regret his extreme
poveity of speech, which prevented him from
giving his opinions so as to be undei stood by those
who sat nearest to him, and if he was so unfor-
tunate as to be incompiehensible to these, how
much more so must he have been to those at a
greater distance In all he £.aid yesteiday as to the
additional proceedings proposed to be instituted
against the Post Office, there was neither íetaha-
tion threatened, nor the intention of intimidating
any one, even if he were capable of doing so, or
the honorable gentleman could be intimidated by
anything he could say. But his design was to
keep things of the same sort together When he
saw an attempt made to bring the fuends of the
Administration to act as they did on a former oc-
casion, then he thought propei to bring up the
debate upon that expurgation which he had pro-
posed Although that íesolution which the hon
orable gentleman read from the Journal was pressed
through at the heel of the session, and was adopted
in the dark, yHU was notindarkt ess to his mental
vision. He saw then with the same distinctness
of vision which he saw now, that two hooks weie
thrown out on which his paity were to be hun"
If the conduct of Mr Eairy should be condemned,
then it should be proclaimed aloud, that it was so
indefensible that even his friends could not sup-
port him, and we were to be hung on that hook
If we voted agamst the resolution we weie to hang
ourselves on the other hook, as the defenders of
this black, rotten, damned Administration He
saw the two hooks thrown out then, and when he
saw the same process about to be lepeated last
nighi, it was that wh>oh brought h n to h,s feet
The honoii.ble gentleman from South Carolina
farthest fiom h"n, [Mr Calhoun-,] said it was his
intention to introduce a resoljtion, in order that
it mipht be seen who would here defend the guilt
and blackness of the Post Office That gentleman
had no right to assume that any one here woild
defend v.hai was wrong it was unjustifiable ,n
him to assume that such a state of things as he
had desenb-d  would  *   ^ any definJirs he.c
But if such are solution as had been suggested,
against persons, should be brought in, he should
protest against it, and he would either be excused
from voting in his place, or if that was not per-
mitted him, he would vote against it If all the
resolutions of last session, which were brought in
by the Post Office Committee, had been separately
put to the question, he would have voted upon
each one of them—on some aye, on othera no,
according to his sense of justice and right. He had
looked over that vast mass of documents in one
night in order to prepare himself to give his votes
upon them. But it was because he did not mean
to be hung on the same hook again, that he gave
notice of his design to bring up his resolution—it
was not for the purpose of intimidation or retalia-
tion, but for the purpose of raising the preliminary
discussion as to the right to bring up this condem-
nation of persons without a formal impeachment
by the House of Representatives. He wished to
be distinctly comprehended on another point. He
was not to be understood either by implication or
by a direct vote to sanction anything which he
did not sanction, neither by implication resulting
from a vote of his own or the arguments of any
gentleman. Bring up the Post Office in anyshape
which was constitutional, and he would vote with
alacrity upon it according to his sense of right or
wrong But bring it up unconstitutionally, and
he would give it his zealous opposition Whether
tried before this tribunal or another, he had but
one measure of justice for the Bank of the United
States and the Post Office Department.
Mi. PRESTON disclaimed having hung out
two hooks to hang any body. He confessed that
such was his want of perspicacity that he did not
understand the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. CALHOUN said he rose to move to lay the
resolutions on the table, to afford the gentleman
from Alabama an opportunity to prepare his reso-
lution to expunge He had some curiosity to see
how the gentleman would reconcile a proposition
to expunge, with the Constitution of the United
States, which said that a Journal of the proceed-
ings of this body should be kept. He would like
to see a resolution which proposed to repeal a
Journal—to repeal a fact. He wanted to see the
form of the resolution. The principle involved in
it was, that we had no right to express our opin-
ions of the conduct of executive officers, or any
other officers, and thus affirming the maxim that
the king could do no wrong—that his ministers
only were responsible for his conduct. And this
was the doctnne of the Democratic party. He
wished to see the extraordinary extremit'es to
which Senators must be reduced in this effort to
expunge the Journals The thing could not be
done, but the Senate itself might be expunged.
And if that should be done by the madness of party,
this Government was at an end. He was anxious
to see who would attempt to carry out the doc-
trines of the protest of last yeai—doctrines as
despotic as those which were held by the Auto-
ciat of all the Russias
Mr CLAY heie said he considered the debate
very irregular He entertained the opinion that
these resolutions should not be received at all,
and therefoie if they were not withdrawn for the
present, he proposed to submit this resolution*
Itesohed, That the instructions of the Legisla-
tuie of Alabama, piet,ented by the Senator from
that State, ought not to be acted upon by the
Senate, inasmuch as they are not addressed to the
Senate, nor contain any request that they be laid
before the Senate, and inasmuch, also, as that
which those resolutions direct should be done,
cannot be done without violating the Constitution
of the tinned States
Mr CLAYTON said, that so long ago as De-
cember, ¡830, he had moved an investigation of
the Post Office Department—that on that occasion
the vials of wrath were pomed out on himself and
t( e late Senator from Maine, [Mr Holmes ] He
wished to refer the honorable Senator [Mr Ben-
ton] to that debate It was then pioposej to
expunge the pioceedings of that day from the
Journals of the Senate The Senator from Louis-
iana, now on a foreign m ision, played a part in
that farce It was then that this plan of expunging
was besun, and had it then been adopted, should
we now have ..uccetded in obtaining the&e reports,
in prosecuting this investigation ? He hoped they
should learn wisdom from experience He believed
the proposition to expunge perfectly ridiculous.
How (said Mr C ) can it be done' I am at a
loss to conceive what method would be adopted
The Journals of the Senate have been printed and
distributed among the members of this body If
any gentleman wished to expunge an obnoxious
article, let him tear it out, but if I, on the con-
trary, am disposed to retain it, how is it to be
expunged from my copy > For I protest no man
shall despoil my property. I hope, Mr Presi-
dent, no such proposition will ever be made.
Mi BENTON said if the gentleman from South
Carolina, who had just sat down, had not spoken
again it would not have been necessaiy for him
to have risen again He opposed the inquiry as
being a criminal inquiry made into the conduct of
the Postmaster Geneial, upon the ground that the
House of Representatives were the grand inquest
of the nation, and that we should reserve ourselves
until the accusation should be presented in such a
shape that we could act upon it as judges. That
was the view he took of it. And now, whether
he had two measuies for the Bank and the Post
Office, he would leave to others to judge For
eight years he had been opposed to ihe Bank of
the United States, and at any period of that time,
if he had chosen, he might have had a committee
appointed, and according to parliamentary usage
the committee would have been of his political
opinions. He had a right to ask it, and that upon
strict parliamentary principles But did he ask it >
No, and on the ground that the House of Repre-
sentatives was the grand inquest of the nation,
and because all inquiries into malfeasances ought
properly to originate there But if he ever should
do it, it would be because he could perceive no
other remedy. With regard to the manner of
expunging the Journals, which «eemed to be so
difficult of comprehension by honorable gentle-
men, he would say that in a State contiguous to
Georgia a Journal had been burnt. Need he refer
to the celebrated case of Wilkes, in which the
Journal was expunged, not by the childish opera-
tion of sending out and having all the copies
brought in, and the offensive parts torn out, but
by taking up the Journal of the House, and having
the offensive part read, and then expunging it.
Not by marking a St Andrews cross upon it, but
by an entire obliteiation of it line by line So
that the honorable gentleman would see there
could be no difficulty either as to the modus ope-
randi, or the constitutionality. One Journal had
been burnt, and the other had been entirely oblit-
erated But we had got the Post Office upon us
now, and he begged to say that should not diveit
him from his course " Sufficient foi the day was
the evil thereof " No'hing either in or out of the
Houseshould throw him offhis track He should
move on to that Journal with the precision of a
steam engine, and nothing should prevail to throw
him from his track
Mr CALHOUN Thehonorable Senator [Mr
Bfntom] said he had the same measure for the
Bank and the Post Office. He had succeeded in
setting the President against the Bank, but had
not yet succeeded m setting him against the Post
Office He wished these resolutions to be laid
on the table for the present to give the gentleman
an opportunity to introduce this matter He re-
newed the motion to ¡ay on the table, and refused
to withdraw it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY then gave notice that he would call
up his resolution whenever the subject should be
disturbed
Mr. KING renewed hia motion to print the
Alabama resolutions.
Mr. CALHOUN was opposed to the motion
to print
Mr KING, of Alabama, expressed a wish foran
oppoitunity to make some remarks in reply to the
honorable member from Kentucky. He(Mi.K )
would bring forward such a resolution as the
instructions contemplated, and the honorable Sen-
ator should be gratified The gentleman from
South Carolina asTied whether it was proposed to
repeal a fact The resolution of censure was no
fact When the Senate adopted a resolution
which we behoved, and the people believed, was
not founded in fact, had we not the power to
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
repe
.v ,.-- it?   He would say to the gentleman, that ]
the Democracy of this land had spoken, and pro-1
nounced their condemnation cf that proceeding; I
and the Legislature of Alabama had faid to their i
Senators, if you have the power of expunging it!
from your Journals, do so; if not, go as far as i
you can, and not suffer a condemnation of the ¡
Executive Magistrate to remain there, which is in ,
violation of the Constitution of the United States, j
They said, let not a declaration that the Chief!
Magistrate had violated the Constitution, remain ;
there.     He had   hoped, on  a  former occasion, j
that when  the honorable gentleman Jeclared he j
would act  for the country, tiiat he would have '
little more  to  do with  party, but
manifested a vtry different feeling
expectation   that  the resolutions which he had  >
introduced  woukl   have caused   this discussion, i ¡
But an attempt had been made to smother up the  i
Post Office s'.l')ect with these resolutions.    And  \
did it comport with the gravity of the Senate to  j
denounce the admin.straiion of the Government,   -
and ru^b into the discussjuu wiih ¡such unreason- ■<
able haste?   When tune was afforded for examin- ,;
ing the documente, he would go as far os any   ¡
man to punieh the guilty.    But it had been said ';
that the President held himself responsible for the "
conduct of  his rxecutive officers.    And he was'
so when the facts came authentically before him.   \
And ise would now under ake to say that when
they came faitly before him, the President v/ould  '.
not hesitate to apply the proper corrective,and do .'
exact justice.    He wcultl vouch for bis pursuing ;;
that course.    Fie would  serve the country with '
that zeal, faithfulness, and devotion, which had
always  characterize.!   him, by  punishing every '
individual under his con.rol who was proved tb
be guilty.                                                                        '
¡Vlr. CALHOUN would not (he said) have risen
again, had not :t personal allusion been made to
him. lie wa:i accused of wc.tn.^ under the influ-
ence of party jpir.t. But he utterly disclaimed .
all such motives. The principles he had volunta-
rily promised and supported for eight years past
were sufficient proof of ¡t. lie had voluntarily
withdrawn from the side of popular opinion in
this nation, and Essociated himself wi h a feeble
minority of not more than one in a hundred, not
for his own benefit, but as the result had proved,
more for tlie benefit of the honorable S nator him-
self, [.Mr. £w\-u, of Alabama.] 1 am not a party
man, (said Mr. C.) I have no purpose to serve; I
have n j desire to be here. Dot as long as k is the
will of the people of South Carolina that I should
serve them, Í shall obev.
Sir, (continued Mr. (!.,) I would not turn upon
my heel to be intruded with the management of
the Government. If one were to s;o into the
reformation of these abuses he would not be sus-
tained. The evil is ingrafted upon toe very vitals
of our political institutions. It cannot be cured
by a presiJenti.il election, but by legislative enact-
ments. [ am no partvman. Sir, 1 stand here as
a citizen of the United States, or rather as a rep-
resentative of Snub. Caiolins.
The resolutions and the motion to print were
then laid on the table.
Mr. SMITH then moved to lay the motion to
print on the table, upon which Air. HILL de-
manded the yeas and nays; and they «rere ordered,
and are as follows, to wit:
YEAS—MtsM-s.  Dell,  Bibb,  Bhck, Calhoun,
Senate, inasmuch as they are not addressed to the
Senate, nor contain any request that they be laid
before the Senate; and inasmuch, also, as that
which those resolutions direct should be done,
cannot be done without violating the Constitution
of the United States.
_ Mi
tion:
THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
. SMITH submitted the following resolu-
Resolved, That the General Post Office is deeply
in debt—its affairs in great disorder—its accounts
and reports irregular, unsatisfactory, and in many
instances untrue—that large sums of public money
he had since i' have been wasted and paid over to favored indi-
He had no ■! viduals upon false pretences; and that its conduct
and administration are justly the subjects of pub-
lic complaint, and demand a/adical reform.
REORGANIZATION OF THE POST OFFICE DE-
PARTMENT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to reorganize the General Post Office, when it
was postponed to, and made the special order for,
Monday next.
Mr. GRUNDY then renewed his motion to
print the reports of the committee and documents,
which led to a considerable discussion, in which
Messrs. GRUNDY, CLAYTON, EVVING,
LEIGH, WEBSTER, CALHOUN, PORTER,
and HILL, participated.
Several motions to print were made, rising from
seven thousand five hundred to ten and twenty
thousand.
Upon the motion to print twenty thousand
copies of the reports and documents made by Mr.
WEBSTER,                                                         _    •
Mr. ÍI1LL asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.  Cell, Bibb,   Calhoun,   Clay,
Cluyfon, F.wing, Preiinghuysen, Goldsborough,
■ Kent, Knight, ftlangum," Moore, Naudain, Pom-
dexter, Porter, Prentiss, Robbins, Robinson, Sils-
i bee, Smith, Southard, Tomhnson, Waggaman,
1 Webster—24.
NAY'S—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Cuthbeit, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill,
Kane, Kms of Alabama, Kins of Georgia, Leigh,
Linn, M'-Kean, Morris, Preston, Shepley, Tall-
rnndge, Tipton, Tyler, White, Wright—22.
FRENCH  SPOLIATIONS.
WEBSTER then moved that
Mr
take up the bul m
.king
the Senate
compensation for French
sp illations prior to 1300; which was agreed to.
The question being upon npiloiinu the bill to
engrossed for a third reading
Clay, Cl.i)t .o, Ewi: <.-, Fithnshnysen, G-ddebo-
rough, Ucdru ks, Ken', Kniirhi.Leish, Mamrum,
Naudain, l'omdextcr, Porter, Prentiss, RoDhn.s,
Kdsbce,S:ni;h,';i.>nihard.Swift,Tomlinsnn,Tjler,
Wn!r"-!uv.!:, We'wier—-"•
NAYS—M.-.iti-s nent.m, Brown, rSn'hansn,
Cutn!.dt,Git,;,dv, Hill, Knne, Kins of Alabama,
Kiiüí oí'Ccariíi'i, Lino. MrKcnn, Moor". Morns,
lV(r.-;on, II .bm.-o", Saenlev, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Winte, Wright—¿0.
So the q íe-iiioii was determined in the affirma-
tive, and me whole matter was hud upon the
table.
Mr. CLAY then ¡rave notice thai when the sub-
Mr. WEBSTER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Clay-
t-.n, Ewinsr, Frelinshaysen,Goldsborough, Kent,
Knight, MeKean, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter,
Sorter, Premiss. Preston, Robbm.% Shepley, Sils-
bee, S iii'.h, Southard, Swdt, Tomhnson, Wagga-
- roan, Webster—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, urown,
Calhoun, Cuthberi, Grundy, Heidikks, Hill,
Kane, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh,
Linn, M.uutum, Morns, Rjoicson, Tallmadge,
Tyler, While, Wright—21.
Mr. CLAYTON then gave notice that at one
i oV'ork to-inouow, he would move the Senate to
HO into the consideration of executive business.
' Oi motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
The Sen-He adjourned.
|e.t

1 ml.!
<c
n
0
.■cd
to 1
i>
v.
f Z i'C'
r;
,;
11
he i
line
i.
i a .r
*! t:
a
1
MCMt
tii.lt
.
(ate.
HI
ill

Dot
ug.ll.l,
he would lilr the
,-'ruction-1 of the Legra-
nte.) by the Se tator Irom
to be acted upon by the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wcdkusdav, Januaiv 2S, 1635.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affurs, reported a bill to au-
thor,r.e the Secretary of War lo purchase a sue for
an arsenal at Memphis, Tennessee,and to provide
for the erecdon of an arsenal on the same; which
was twice read ard committed.
Mr. THOMf ON, fioir, the Committee on Mili-
tar-.' Affairs, reported, without amendment, the
lull'from the Senate, for the rehef of the heirs of
Colonel Jean Hudry; which was- committed.
Mr.   WISE, from   llie  Committee on   Naval
Affairs, reported the following joint resolution;
which was read twice:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled, •
That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to constitute a board of
naval officers, to be composed of post captains,
whose duty it shall be, in conjunction with the
Secretary of the Navy, to revise the code of naval
signals.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to provide compensation to
Commodore Barron, for his invention called "a
ventilator of ships;" which wa3 read twice and
committed.
Mr. VlNTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill amendatory of the act
for the continuation of the Cumberland road;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, a hill from
the Senate, to remove the land office from Clinton
to Jackson, in the Stateof Mississippi; which waa
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill'to authorize the
removal of the land office from Wapahkanetta to
Lima, in the State of Ohio; which was read twice
and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on th
Judiciary, reported a bill to prescribe the punish
i ment of consuls, vice consuls, and commercia
acents; which was read twice.
°Mi. ROBERTSON remarked that there wa'
¿me feature of the bill which he considered o
great interest and importance, and in which he dit
not concur with the committee. He would, there
fore, move so to amend the bill as that the fin
and imprisonment provided by it should be left t-
the discretion of a jury, instead of the court.
Mr FOSTER remarked that the gentleman har
moved a similar amendment in the committee
Several members were disposed to favor it; but
majority of the committee were of opinion th .
this should not be made an exception to the gen
eral rule of proceeding in cases of a similar char
i acter.
I Mr. ROBERTSON remarked that the Sta' .
i from which he came held the trial by jury as a
¡ sacred principle, and he was unwilling in thiscie
I to yield that principle, and vest the decision in ane
i man. It proposed to give to the court a discretion
j which he thought dangerous and improper  and
1 which should be left to a jury of the country.
I The amendment was disagreed to, and the bill
I ordered to be engrossed.
! Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committ'.e on the
I Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
1 assignees of Peter Albar; which waa read twice
I and committed.
! Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to authorize the sale of certain lands
belonging to a university in Michigan; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the printing of papera
which he then presented to th« House, in relation
to the extension of the boundary line of the State
of Missouri; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, of New York, from the Com-
mutes on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill grant-
ing a pension to Justus Cobb; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr ADAMS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Lambert L. Vanyal-
kenburg; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, instructed by the
Committee on Territories, asked the House to set
apart Thursday, the 5th February, for the con-
sideration of Dills relating to the Territories.
After   some   conversation    between   Messrs.
POLK    ALLAN,  WARDWELL, SEVIER,
' GARLAND, and  WHITE, in  relation to the
I various measures which remained unacted on, Mr.
G -YRL AND su"?ested that the second Monday in
: February"be se'fapart for the consideration of the
bills alluded to.
Mr ALLAN accepted the amendment as a
, modification of his motion; when the proposition
i was agreed lo.
178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions,&c ,
were made by Messrs GiLLET.J a ADAMS,
THOMSON, MeKIM, T0MK1NS, and FUL-
TON, from various standing committees.
RESOLUTIONS  INTRODUCED.
Mr ADAMS, of Massachusetts, offered the
following resolution, which, under the rule, lies
one day •
Resolved, That the Presid ent of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House,¡f not
incompatible with the public inteiest, any coire-
spondence with the Government of France, and
any despatches received from the Minister of the
United States at Paris, not hitherto communicated
to the House, in relation to the failure of the
French Government to carry into eiTectanystipu-
lation of the treaty of the 4th of July, 1831
Mr FERRIS offered the following íesolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day
Resolved, That the Secretai y of the Treasury he
requested to furnish this House with the report
of the Solicitor of the Treasuiy, together with all
the documents relative to the compromise of (he
claims of the United States against Thomas II
Smith and Son, and then securities
On motion of Mi. TDOVJAS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Committee on Ruuds and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of aiding, to relieve fiom embarrassment, the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, by giant
ing and releasing, for ¡he benefit of the other
stockholders, the stock now held therein by the
Umted States
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Petitions and  memorials were presented  by-
Messrs J a   ADAMS, EWING, ARCHER,
 nd II   EVERETT, which were leferred.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Mr POLK called for the orders of the day
Agreed to
When the orders of the day weie'called,
Mr POPE reminded the House that about len
iays since he had given notue that he v/outd, on
Sua day, move the House to resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
to consider the bill reported by him in relation to
Bie Louisvil'e and Poitland canal As the appro-
puation bill was still undei diccnssion, he would
postpone his mo ion until that bill was disposed
•f
The amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
Houáe foi the adji stment of land claims in Lou-
isiana were concuned m
The bill for the 1 eneñtof the city of Alexandna
came up upon the motion to leconsider the vote
whereby it was i ejected
On motion of Mr MERCER, it was postponed
until to-morrow.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION HILL.
The House then l-sumed the consideration of
the bill making appropnations tui the civil and
diplomatic expenses ot Government foi the yeai
18J5
The question was on the amendment offered
by Mr VAjN'CC, propnsmg to ¡epeal the second
section of the law of 1834 (which gives to certain
subordinate oi'ker3 ot the eustor-is thesa 'ie emol-
uments as they received pnoi to the reduction of
dunes in 1833) to limit then compensation, mid
oblige them to report, am ually, the amout t of
compensation by tees, &c , received by 'hero,
together with an amendment thereto, securing to
them the same emoluments as they received m
1834, <lc
Mr WISE said his ol)°ct in rising wis meiely
to state some facts, as he was led to believe fiom
the lemarks he had^ heard yesteiday, that the
lioise did not ful v understand the manner m
which oui ¡evenuetffi eu we e paid. Theitpoit
upon the subject was calculated to mis'ead and
to decive The gentleman from North Ciro-
hna [Vir Wiliiams] had cited the enoimoua
sum ot six thousand dolíais as the amount received
by a single weighei org lugei The truth wis that
no such sum was paid Previous to the reduction
of the tariff, the weigheis received thirty-seven
and a half cents per ton, but since that reduction
then fees ware leduced to a low, bat adequate
compensation. In the year 1833 Congress passed
a law making their fees the same as it the du'ies
had not been reduced, and limiting their income
to $2,000 per annum You will find it stated
I in the report and m the B'ue Book that one
we'ghet recei'ed upwards of ^2 00l),wh'leanothei
received but $330, the truth was the one lecetved
precisely the sameas the other—aves aging £>133 80
He put it to the House to say whether tins amount
was suffii tent it they would have íes] e"til le and
responsible officeisj, The city ol New Yolk was
divided into thirteen districts—many of those e ffi
cers weie obliged to go fiom one to two mi'e  to
attend to their duties In thefiistplace,hi  house
lent should be estimated at least at ¡¡,450, his fuel
at $ 150, his clothing at fc!25 'l his amount might
be put to his individual expenses, to wineh should
be added ins food, wjiich he is compelled to pro-
cure at the eating houses near the scene of bis
duties, $125 O te dolla, way suiely a moderate
estimate ot his daily family expenses, msktt g
§ÚG5 pei annum, t>ie < lothmir of his family might
ue estima'ed at §125, and $,150 for purposes ot
education. Th'is we have foi his yearly expenses
the sum of §1,49 ),exc usue o variou-. othei uems
which it wt iilj be diffii u't to enumeiate
M' W said, he would go with the gentleman
to tes'nct ibe compeimtio'i of these ofíi ers to the
sum of $2 000 per annum They could ro ,c-
eeivemoie ui dei the present 1 iw lie lelicved
the pom an I pihugtrg system of pay it tr salaries,
which he was sorry io see have so mat y advo
cates on that floor tins yea>, was il e most unwise
aid coitupttng system in the woild. If you set
up these offices for the lowest b dder, you wou'd
have some very icspeotab'e looking men giving in
the figure naught, but lh"y won d find the vwjs
and means of pay.rg themselvi s a I gnei silary
than that now allowed. A weigher oi sugar, foi
ins anee, could make a cask weigh as iruen when
one half e.f its contents was taken out as u did
before So with wine, returned for a eltavvbai K
The cask might Le filled with watei A rus om
house oath ws consideied by many as the least of
all moral obligations He knew individuals wno
would smuggle, while lie believed them o herwi^e
to be men ot l ouesty and integrity lie loped
that Congress would do justice to these offneis,
ai d also do j islicetotheUoveinmetit, by secunng
an honest codec ion of the it venue, by t,ivj'ig them
an adequate compensa inn
Mi JAUVIS said he ha 1 an amerdmentto pio-
pose, to whit h >e believed the gentleman from
Ohio would not object     It was as fo'lowt
Provided, 1 hat the who'e uimbei  of cits nm
house officers in the United S ates, on tl e firs  e f
Pebruaiy, 1834, shall not oe incieased till other-
wise allowed by Congress
Mi J said, his object was to empowei the Sec-
retai y of the Trea-uiy, n conjunction with the
col'ectois of customs, to apportion to places wheie
thev might be reqjirtd, custom-house officeis at
pusent in the set vice, ilie amendme it of Ine
gentle ratn fiom Oh o, if rc'opted, v/ould i ot jiei-
mtt the Secretiry of the Tieasuiy, or the cot e.c
tois, howeve necessaiy it might be oi the public
set v ice, to set dan mspectoi t > any exposed ¡loint,
t nless there should be an excess in oi e district
What Mi J wanted, was to empowei these per-
sons to tians'er from one district to ano'nei wi en
lequisite, which they wou J be enabled to do undei
the piovision uni'e. consi leiation it, for m-
st nice, theie be too many ins|>cctots ii the dis-
tt ict of ^ew York, and too few in ihe (lis i ,o. of
New Haven, he wished to ^,ive ' le Secretary
of the Tieasury the powei of red no ig them in the
foinrr, and met easing them ir the httei At
piesent, he had th° power of decteismg in New
Yolk, but he, had rot the power, providcu the
amendmentofthegentleman fiomOiio be adopted,
of adding any inspectois in any ui&tnct, however
necessary it might be Mi J presumed the gen-
tlenun did not uesign so to curb and res',am the
powei of the Secietaiy of the Treasuty
Mi VANCE sjpposed the proviso was a
propel one, and he would adopt it
Mi J^RVIS wished to say a few words in r ply
to the gentleman from Vnginia, [Mr. Wise ] 1 he
aigument used by that gentleman hi repaid to
weigl eis and gauges, v ent far'her,peihaps, than
he intended, for it applied equally well, and indeed
bettei, to Ihe inspectors    1 lie latter received a pe-
dum dlovvance, which, by law, could not exceed
thice dolíais a day, making $1 095 per annum.
Now, if the weigher and gauger ccultl not live for
less tt an $3,000 a year, how weie the inspectors
to live for a little more than $1,000> They had
as many mouths to feed,and us many children to
educate, and the responsibility upon them was
giea'erihan upon ihe weighers and gaugers Mr
J agreed with the gent1 n an from Vngmia, that
it was m the powei of . last to de^iaud the Gov
ernment by making falsi eturris, end entering a
full hogshead of sugar wl en it was perhaps only
half lull, oi a pipe of wine when is eon.cn s
might be nothing but water, and procuring the
tliawoack upon the same Buttheinspectoi coulti,
it diS|josed, go a little further Bylaw the m-
s|nr'ii was compelle I to certify that the goods
specified hid been actually jiut on board, but he
muhtceinty wi hout anyhing being puto i board
at till lie might give his eei tifie ite, and the
exporung meicliant would ieceive,tlie whole
amount eif duties, when vane of the goods were
on board Tl is was no imaginary case, foi it
hud fallen und*-i Mr S 's own experience He
had known rases wheie tras were alleged to have
been on boaid, wheie ttieie was nothing but empty
chests, or with stoi es m them,and wine e\p> rted,
where not a single pint had gone out of the coun-
try
Mr J wuhed this m^tte' had come up m a
bettei shape, ard was soiry diet the necessity of
having sich an amendmenuntiouuced m an appro-
pmtnn bill shoulel esust, but he was satisfied tint
unless it was put into an approptiation bill ihere
was very little chance of any leform ever being
m> de in our custom hoive system It was when
officers in the latger pons fe-h a jiressure that we
were to look fir action in that House, and not
before, ai d although he was at no time disposed
'o encumber appiopna ion b'l s in this way, yet,
as there was never any difficulty of encumbeiing
them with extraneous matter whet theol ject was
to ttriw money out ot the Treasui} , he could not
ftel himself adveise to it when the object was to
íeíain roeiuey ihe-ein
Mr HARPER, of Pennsylvania, stated the
Picccrs in the port of Philadelphia, which was
usually perfoitned by the deputy weighers and
laborers, the puncipal weigher laiely bei"g in
attendance, foi títere was biit one foi that poit
Thertfoie, all idea about divid.rg the fees ainorg
i numbt i f j trsot s was imaginary, at least as
i ^í>t ected ti e city ol Phil it'elpnia 1 he principal
weigher had 1 tile discretion compired with the
'tispectois, \< \io tecetved a compensation of th^ee
lollatsaday As soon asa vessel arrived in ¡30tt,
at inspector was put on boaid,and it was his
dutv to pet mit nothing to be taken away without
his certificate The goods for drawback are put
on shoie, undei his conn ol, a id place 1 in custom-
house sti res or warenousts, and secured under
two locks, one ],ey to be kept by him, and the
othei by tne mei^hant, and the door could not
be opened wuhoi t the p esence of both If the
inspector was disiosed to c nnive at fraud, he
could do so, I ut 'he we ^her had no means of
doing it Then, if ^,1,33J oe ro! enough to keep
one honest, ho v would £,¡,000 be sufficient to
keep the otnei so?
Mi fi contondeJ fai ther, that the pentleman
from Vugtnii had made a very exaggerated state-
ment in regatd to the expe'se of living m those
places A house amply su'lcient for aman of this
dtbct'ption could be i en led at one half the sum
set dovvi , ami the expense of fuel was also too
mu n But his princip I oljection was the giving
one mina salary of ¡¡,1 000 to pel form as much or
mne laboi than anothti who was to leceive
t,2,0OJ Mi tl agreed that sjie 'eglsl uion on
fhi^ subject wa& necessary, snd thst tl eie might
be parti* tilar places wheie the ompensation would
be fcund too sm<JI, but ir officers themselves
thought so, we should soon have a multiplicity of
applications fiom them for a remedy.
Mr MeKIM said he had been to theTreasury
Depaitment ihit morning, ror the purpose of pro-
cuunga íetuin of what the compensation of the
custom house officers really was The fees re-
ceded in Bah more, Mr McK wa° unders'ood to
say, amounted last ye u to only §433, making the
whole compensation only $1,433, and this was the
exorbitant salaiy complained of by several gentle-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
179
men In Baltimore there v as but one weigher,
ond ¡us salary lu&t year was £1 917, and out ot
thut 1 e 1 ad to pay all the latortis and clerks em-
floytdbyhm ¡Mi M K tl ought the collector
o^tvcry i ort should receiviacrtun fixed salary,
and he believed It apian of that kird was adopted,
the country would be a gainer of some thirty or
forty thousand dollars, but he thought the general
appropriation bill an improper place for it He
tne efore trusted that the amerdment would not
prevail, but that the Committee on Commerce
would be peiionted to introduce a bill to regu'ate
the whole subject
Mr WISij nade a brief reply to Messrs Jai>
vis and iÍAnrtii, tm<\ said the argument used by
the laitei di 1 not a ply It diJ not prove that the
compei sation < f the \ eighers was too much, but
that the nspectois leceived too little D'd any
gentleman I elieva ha* the insr ec'ors of Philadd
pl il. or New Yen received no more tnan three
dollars aday> Nosucht'ing M> W deferded
the accuracy oi the et tement he had read widi
regard to tl e expenses of hvmg, dc , and hoped
the House would lei\e the matte- alone in the
app-oprntion bi'l, i id author ze tl e passage of a
special bill on the oulject
Mi IIAPi-PEP^ said a few words in defence of
the chancier of the custom house officers of Phil-
adelphia
Mr SUTHTRLAND said he had one word to
say wuli repaid to the allusions which h d been
made against tl is class of public officers He was
acquainted witn many of them whose characters
were ummneachi )le Ore of them m Philadel
pina was an officer of the army during the last
war, and he hat no hesitation in saying that his
reputation stood as high as that of any individua'
on that loor,o-elsewhere Mr S concurred in
the opinnn of ihe honorable gen 'eman from Vir-
gin a, [Mr Wise ] that the salaries of these ofH
cers suuuid beeb abliohed on a more liberal basi3
After g)n g into an expocc of the iradequaey of
the pay or some of the officers employed, Mr S
said he did i ot deen it expediento embark in this
argument, as he be'ieved the wnole subject was
agitate 1 in the wrong place It did not properly
belong to the appro onanon bill The Committee
on Commerce 1 ad t< e subject in their custody,
and he pledged hio>self that it the appropriation
b 11 was I ft imencumoered with the amei dnent,
they would in rouuee a bill emoracmg the whole
sucject
Mr   BUB.GES ">nd he had heretofore sa d
nothing on   his sul  "f , ard it had been his mten
uon  to have «ad i oiling, but he could not con-
sent *o si  and h ar members sneered at, becau-e
in  their Mews o*" liberality and economv,  they
thought fi teen I  mired dollars an adequate con
pen atio i      We h¡ d been told that ihese officers
in New  \ ork could i ot live on three dollars nei
day     It 1 "d  been suegested on thit floor, a few
da>s ago   that a distmsuisneJ ofLer, if ie vis
not sau-sfie 1   v   h his pav, should have resigned
The s-une ru e s(n n 1 apply to tne«e n dividuals
But i c— he> s ill hmg on to (he cus'om house—
an  rrrp\  oi ttiem—and ten or fifteen thousand
mini's could easily be enlisted     He eou'd not
iiibsci je to the m^unent ot the gentleman from
Vug  n   [Mi    Wisi ,] that it was necessary to
liciease  t  e sihrics ot   cdiceis,   to  keep  them
liin st     lit.   nevei   knew that pl in to -succeed
Money col1 1 not [ unfy the sordid boul     If this
doc' n <•  ji to nevt   , it would be better to give
up n I ru   it -.tituti >ns— give up socie } , at d revert
ba^k to the siv  íje «talc
Mr P -.Till I e was wil ins to pny the oncers
of tl e L ii ed S i es as other me i weie piid, i"-d
no mo i bvK il get l "' en would lock around
tlem,tiej v ukl sec the\ were paid U le¡"t fi ty
j ei cent n te Pit l'e House hid been toid
(hit the ( mm i tu < n Commeue was about to
tin i in a ' i I to | roude I r this suo e t It 1 ad
loiu been ¡ ron i ed, ind there a pearcd to be no
ivmi d a e T-cni; lishmei of ihe nromi e lie
ihould, there1-! re, vite lo jlece he velditioi il
Hem in the upp iiput n hi, tocrm' I " ft
cers un i t! ij ái n 'd crowd thut -or-nmuee to do
1 « du'\
Mr   \UN\,n^t«tVil, sin]  ill  t lie m
not a!   u    o !e     c in s  ,ue   on   but he \v shed,
i  ¡ ííti - to I im el , to issi'n i reason for if e vole
tit in iiulcd to i ivc     lie wat, fully ben ible that
the subj ct of the compensation of the colleetois
of the customs, and their assistant , required atten-
uon and regulation He was the more sensible
of thi«, from having read, with s me care, the re
port oí the Secretary of the Treasury on this sub-
ject But he was well informed that the Finance
Committee of the Senate are now engaged in a
laborious examination of the subject, and that
they would probably report to the Senate very
soon, and he felt assured that, fiom the unanimity
believed to prevail with the committee on the sub-
ject, their bill, covering the whole ground, would
be sent to us in season for our act.on He w s,
moreover, opposed to introducing into appropria
tion bills provisions so entirely foreign and mcon-
S'stent with their object, and should therefore
vote against the amendment
Mr H 'YR.PER followed with some remarks, in
reply to Mi   feü rHERLAND
Mr SUTHERLAND rejoined He corcluded
by again repeating that the Committee on Com
merce had this subject under consideration, and
would certainly introduce a bill providirg for the
compensation of custom house officers, if the
amendment was rejected, in a very few days
Mr VANCC again addressed the House in favor
of hi  amendment, which I e cortended could do
no harm, even n the projected bill fiom the Com
mittee on Commerce should be imrodu"ed and
passed, for, in that case, theamendrnent would be
annulled He hop°d the quest on would now be
taken, as he was aware the House was weary of
the subject                                                                     i
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
question of adopting the amendments—
Mr WILLIAMS moved a call of the House,
bu   the call was not seconded by the House
Mi McK AY (after suggesting a verbal  m pd
r-ient, which was adopted by Mr Vascl) said,
he last } ea*- voted against a similar frovi^ion 'o
the present, m the appropiiation hill, on the
p omise tnat a bill would Le mtioduc°ti by the
Committee on Comme>ce, embra" ng tt e wnole
subject It had not been doi e, and ne should now
vote foi the amendment
M- HALL, of Nor h Carolina, said, line his
colleague, [Mi McK it ] he last yet- vo edtgai 1st
this ¡ roposition It was on the g-ouud hit it
introduced strange and foreign natter into tne
appropuadon bill, vvhicn was a bi1 su-i geneus—
devoted to particular objects, wnci he enun r
ated He snoulJ now vote against it on the same
grot nds
Mr J Q. ADAMS gave s mi'ar r a«nns fo-
vo'mg agau st the amendrrent to tnose offered by
the gentleman who lab aadiessed th° cha r, [Mr
Hall ] Healso took this occasion to return ms<un
cerethtrks totheCommi teeofWrysand Means,
for s ripping the appro; r ation b llsorrl ext ane
ou«t matter It was certainly the wisest course of
legiblat on
Mi SCHLEY siid he believed some provis on
was neeessa-y to regulate tne pay of tho«° engaged
in the pub' c revenue, to give then a sufiuent
compensation, and to lestict themfrvn ob aining
too mjen It tl e amendment urder consideration
1 ad been of a character consis ent with the bi'l
itself, at d would hive effec ed the o'ject desired,
he would have vo>ed for it, but it was to'ally un-
co inected with any part of tre bill, its subjec',
nor embiaced or touched upon in a single clause
of it, and, therefore, Mr S could not vo'e for it
lie was in favor of the pnnciple it mvo've i, and
should vote egamst it only because it was intro
dui e 1 in an improper place
The questio i on the amenum nt v/as then taken
In vets aid nays and resulted as follows—yeas
111, navsOl
So the imendn ent was asreed to
Mr LINCOLN then moved to s'rike out the
to lowing clause
"P r toditional clerk hire for thevear ISO i,
*,n^ Ijó bi "
He enteren i Ho an elahora'e argument to show
that the prov i<non w vs contrary to law , whi h had
•ntd i e nuTil er of clerks, and tnat tl e Pos'
n i er G< lenl wis not warraited in emp'oyins
ile ild ot d fire q ío'ing the act cf Coi gie^s,
and "i u ir<* sundry leniences to the B'ue üooif,
ai J otntr Milks
Mr WILLIAMS maae a motion to adjourn;
whicn was negatived—ayes 54, noea 79
Mr POLK  said the question  was  embraced
within a very small compai-s    It was well known
'o every one that the number of clerks provided
by law -vas madequa'e to perform the duties of
the Post Office, and applications had been repeat-
edly made to Congress for additional aid, without
success     But al'hough Congress had refused to
pass a law to authorize the e'fctra number, it had
uniformly "sanctioned   appropriations for extra
clerk hire, from the year 1823 up to the present
time, and for years preceding     Had gentlemen
forgotten that in the debate of last year, a letter
was produced fiom Judge McLean, the predeces-
sor    f the present Postmaster General, averring
that the duties of the office could not be performed
, without the employment of additional force' The
I fault then lay rot with the Post Office m asking
| for this  appropr ation,   but with  Congress,  in
refusing to auoho-iz  a sufficient number of clerks
I to execute the labors of that department    If this
i were not done, what would Le the consequerce?
Why that the work must be left undone    Con-
' gress must do one of two tnmgs, either provide
additional force, or pay for extra clerk hire     If
precedents were necessary, Mr  P   could adduce
them, of extra clerk hire, granted long before the
present time, upon the same principle as the one
nov/ cal'ed for
Mr P said he was not a httle astonished at the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Lincoln,]
whose reputation came there in advance of him,
that he should upon so plain a question, and one
perfectly m'elhgible, have misunderstood himself
He takes up the Biue Book, and says here are
seventy five clerks engaged, while the law only
authorizes thirty e git, and what can be wanted
of more ? Now , did not the gentleo an know that
the number °et ilown in the Biue Book was the
r imber actuo ly employed last year m the Post
Office, and that i was for labor done in 1834 that
the« prop-ation undei debate was asked ? The
laboi la1 been per orn eJ, and Congress were
told la tyear when the same item was under con-
s deration, they mubt crant i , inasmuch as they
had <ai'e 1 to p ovide t íe necessary force Con-
srtessdiil giant it, and the work was done Mr
¡? contended that the Postmaster General was
uotculj -b'e Bit's had been reported from time
'o li ~ie to p-ov de additional and sjfficient clerk
line, but tne/ nad not been acted on A resolu-
tion wao o^ered a few days ago, adopted by the
Hou e, and ct that time under consideration in
the Committee of Ways and M ans, directing that
committee to inquire and report what additional
lumber of e'erks would be lequisite in all the
various departments, to perform the duties of
t lose ofices He invoked the gentleman to come
forward with Ins aid, r-s soon as the committee
should ¡epor , which he trusted would be in a few
'ays I hey were preparing a bill to reduce the
number of clerks where thty could be spared,
■>nd to provide, bv a lenmnent law, thai, the
busmen of ail t ie cepartme> 's should be sulstar-
tiilly done The commit ee will make a bold
effort and bold aopeal to the members of the
Hou e, and he ca'l d uoon those disposed to cen-
sure tjie.depa'-tn ents, to stand up with them To
return to the Post Ofiice, its busine s had been
umost quadru, led smce the act of 1828, limiting
the numoer oi cle-k', and it was i npossible to do
the worn with that number Mi P said be
hoped the House would not retard the passage of
the appropriatioi h '1 longer He was continually
pressed by members of all parties, to use his
endeavors to get it througo, so as to expedite
the remaining busi"e&s before the House He
hoped the Ho ise was prepared to vote on it at
once, especially as the question v as decided at the
list sebbion by yeas and nays, and the principle
wis 'he iamfl
Mr K. M JOHVSON, of Kentucky, said he
would deta n the House but a few moments He
was astonished « tl e m inory of the worthy and
honorable member from Massachuset s, [Mr Lin-
cols 1 That gentleman'b memory appeared to
be ver j good in ie ation to the Post Offi e Depart-
ment, and he cou'd tot lave forgot en that He
sane aigu nents which ie had now advanced
were made and lebutted at the last btssion Mr
J  oaid he stood tneie as the perso lal fr end of
180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
the Postmaster General, and he could not sit there
and hear him denounced as a lawless man with-
out reoelhng the charge.      .   ,
Mr.' LINCOLN explained. He had done cer-
tain acts, which he had specified, in violation of
law, and was in that respect lawless.
Mr. JOHNSON continued. The gentleman
Slight use such language as he pleased, and he
should take the same privilege in reply.
The question was"then taken on the motion of
Mr. Lincoln, and decided in the negative without
a division.
Mr. BEAUMONT moved to strike out the
appropriation of $2,000 for a library for the office
of the Attorney General.
The motion was advocated by Messrs. BEAU-
MONT and HARDIN, and decided by yeas and
nays in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 48.,
Mr. McKAY then submitted an amendment,
directing the kind of currency to be received in
the collection of the revenue.
Mr. POLK said this was a literal copy of a pro-
vision in the former bill, and he had no objection
to its adoption.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill,
with the amendments, was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading to-morrow; where-
upon, at half-past four o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TnuKsotY, January 29, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. GOLDS-
BOROUGH, CLAYTON, and TOMLINSON,
which were appropriately referred.
Mr. WAGGAMAN submitted the following
resolution's:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erectmg a light-house at the mouth of the Bayou
Bt. John, in Louisiana.
Resolved, That a select committee on the part
of the Senate be appointed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing abranch of the Mint of
the United States at the city of New Orleans.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Isaac Bronson;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
*econd reading.
Mr. "WEBSTER said he was instructed by the
Committee on Finance to move to be discharged
from the further consideration of certain petitions
which the committee had under consideration,
mild to present a resolution which applied to the
subject of them. He therefore submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which, at his request, was con-
sidered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be ascertained the amount of duties
assessed and paid on plains, kerseys, and kendall
cottons, imported into the Umte'd^States, which
were ordered after the passage of the act of the
14th July, 1832, and before the passage of the act
of the 21 of March, 1833—that he lay an account
thereof before the Senate at the next session of
Congress.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following-resolu-
tion, the consideration of which he moved at this
time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing the appropriation for arming the
fortifications of the' United States.
Mr. POINDEXTER thought the resolution,
should go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER said he thought the direction
designed for it was the most proper one. The
Finance Committee of course were to look after
the means; but he thought it belonged to the Mil-
itary Committee to inquire into the necessity of
making the appropriation. He (Mr. W.) thought
it of t!ie most pressing necessity that the appro-
priations for these objects should be increased.
The resolution was then adopted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Colonel Daniel Numan; which was read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
NOTICE OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. CLAYTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle the claims of
the Government on the Alleghany Bank of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce the following joint
resolution:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the joint resolution of
March 3, 1819, as prescribes the manner of elect-
ing public printers, and so much of the joint reso-
lution of 5th February, 1829, as amends the said
resolution in relation to the manner of electing
public printers, be, and the same hereby is, re-
pealed.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the bill for
the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Tyler was
taken up and recommitted to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch was taken up
and recommitted to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making appro-
priations to improve and complete certain roads
in Arkansas; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
DEATH OF HON. WARREN R. DAVIS.
The Clerk of the House of Representatives
being introduced,' announced the death of the
Hon. Warren R. Davis, a Representative in
Congress from the State of South Carolina, ac-
companied with the customary resolution relative
to his funeral.
Mr. CALHOUN then said, in rising to offer
the usual resolution on this melancholy occasion,
he felt it to be a duty which he owed to himself
and to his deceased friend, to make a few remarks
commemorative of his many very excellent quali-
ties. He knew him intimately—he was his near
neighbor and personal and political friend, and
nearly connected with him by the ties Of close
affinity. And he must say that in forming not a
very limited acquaintance in passing through life,
he had rarely known an individual more richly
endowed. His intellect was of the highest older;
clear, rapid, and comprehensive; accompanied
with a remarkable facility in expressing and illus-
trating his thoughts, both in conversation and
public discussion. With these high qualities he
combined a rich imagination,and a pure and deli-
cate taste, accompanied by a sportive wit and an
uninterrupted flow of good humor, which made
him the delight of every circle in which he moved.
Nor was he less distinguished forhis moral quali-
ties. He was generous, brave, patriotic, and dis-
interested almost to a fault. For the truth of this
picture—that it was not the exaggerated effusions
of a warm friendship—he could appeal to many
whom he saw around him, who were intimately
acquainted with the deceased, and who could vouch
for its correctness. Such was Warren Ransom
Davis. He is now no more. He departed this
life at seven o'clock this morning. He (Mr. C.)
witnessed the departing scene. He met his fate
with calmness. When his most excellent friend,
(Dr. Linn,] the Senator from Missouri, whose
kind attentions to the deceased will be long re-
membered by his surviving friends, announced to
him, after the adjournment of the Senate yester-
day, his approaching dissolution, though the sad
event was unexpected to him, he met it with per-
fect resignation. He thanked him for his kind-
ness and candor, and said, that he only desired to
die in peace and composure. His wish was real-
ized. Pie fell into a gentle slumber at one o'clock
in the morning, to awake no more. He departed
without a struggle or a groan, lost forever to his
country and his friends.
Mr. C. concluded by moving the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Senate will attend thefuneral
of the Hon. Warren R. Davis, late a member
of the House of Representatives from the State of
South Carolina, at the hour of twelve o'clock
to-morrow; and, as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, they will go into mourn-
ing by wearing crape round the left arm for thirty
days.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, January 29, 1835.
The House met pursuant to adjournment, at
twelve o'clock.
After the reading of the proceedings of the pre-
ceding day, and the receipt of a message from the
President of the United States, through his Secre-
tary, Major A. J. Donelson:
OBITUARY.
Mr. PICKENS, of South Carolina, arose, and
addressed the Chair, as follows:
Mr. Speaker: It becomes my melancholy and
painful duty to announce to this House the death
of one of my colleagues, Warren R.. Davis, of
South Carolina. He died tins morning, a few"
moments before seven o'clock. Sir, it is not my
province to speak in the language of eulogy, but I
trust 1 may be permitted to say of the deceased,
that, whatever were his faults, they were of such a
nature as to sink with him into the tomb and be
forgotten; whilst those who knew him best, will
remember only that he had a heart full of human
kindness, rich in all those qualities that constitute
a gallant man. Under wit that was ever brilliant,
and humor that never grew heavy, he covered a
shrewd sagacity in relation to me , and a thorough
knowledge of human affairs. As a public man,
perhaps the ruling feeling of his heart was a deep
and burning attachmenttohis nativeState. With
hira it was not as with most men, the ordinary
principle of patriotism. No! it was a permanent,
abiding, vassionate affection for her, and all her in-
stitutions. So much so, that even in the last days
of his lingering illness, at the very mention of
South Carolina, you might see the fire of animated,
but sinking nature, rekindle in his eye, and burn
upon his cheek, it may be gratifying to his rela-
tions to know, that in his last suffering hours,
even up to the moment of death, he retained the
full exercise of all his faculties. And when it was
announced to him that he would soon have to
meet his God, he received the disclosure with the
most perfect calmness and composure,and replied
in these remarkable words, that all he " desired
was to die easily and gracefully."
It may also be to his relations a source of con-
solation to know, that, during his protracted sick-
ness up to his death scene, he had around him the
kindest and most devoted personal friends, who
ministered to him all that affectionate attention
could prompt.
  I will conclude by saying, that in his death this *
House has lost a prominent member, and his State
a patriot citizen, who might have been to her
an ornament in the brightest days of her proud
career.
Mr. P. then offered the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of this House will
attend the funeral of the late Warren R. Davis,
at twelve o'clock, to-morrow.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to take
order for superintending the funeral of Warren
R. Davis, deceased, late a member of this House
from the State of South Carolina.
Resolved, That the members of this House will
testify their respect for the memory of Warren
R. Davis, by wearing' crape on the left arm for
•thirty days.
In pursuance of the foregoing resolutions, which
were read and unanimously adopted, the Speaker
announced the following members to constitute
the committee of arrangements to superintend the
funeral of the deceased member, viz:
Mr. Pickens, of South Carolina,
Archer, of Virginia,
Wilde, of Georgia,
Hardin, of Kentucky,
Coulter, of Pennsylvania,
Lansing, of New York,
McIntike, of Maine,
Crane, of Ohio,
Lea, of Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNE Y, a message was
sent to the Senate, announcing the death of th*
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
Hon  WiRFEvIt Davis, a member of this House
from Sooth Carolina, wnen,
On mouon of Mr  MANNING,
The House adjourned_____________
IX SENATE
Friday, Janua y 30,1835
When the Senate was called to order—
On motion of Mr WEBSTER, the read.ng of
the Journal was dispensed with
Someconversation then ensued between Messrs
WEBSTER, POINDEXTER, WRIGHT, and
SILSBEE.upon the propriety of adjourning over
to Monday, a motion to that effect having been
submitted by Mr MANGUM, when the motion
was agreed to
On motion of Mr LE'GFI, the Senate ad-
journed, and withdrew to the Hall of the House
of Representatives, to attend the funeral of the
Hon  Warren Ransom Davis
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Friday, January 30, 1835
The House met, pursuant to adjournment, for
the purpose of attending the funeral obsequies of
the Honorable Warren Ransom'Davis, late a I
Representative in Congress from the State of South 1
Caiotina                    , .    "                       „ ,               '
The Committee of Arrangements, pall bearers,
and mourners, attended at the late residence of the
deceased, on Capitol Hill, at eleven o'clock, a m
at which time the lernams were removed, in
charge of the Committee of Airangements, at
tended by the Sergeant at Aims ot the House of
.Representatives, to the Hall of the Hout,e, where
the funeral service was performed by the Rev
Mr Hatch                                                                  I
At twelve o'clock, meridian, the funeral p^o
cession moved from the Hall of the House of Rep
resematives to the place of interment, in" the fol
lowing order-
The Chaplains of both Houses
Physicians and Clergymen who attended the
deceased
Committee of Anangemei ts-
Mr Pickens, Mr Archer, Mr   Wilde, Mr Har-
din, Mr Coulter, Mr Landing, Mr  Mcln ire,
Mr Crane, and Mr Lea, of lennessee
Pall Bearers                             Pall Bearers
Mr Lewis,                   |        Mr Clay on,
Mr  Williams,              «t        Mr  Goidon,
Mr Bates,                    a        Mr  McKeuuan
The family and friends of the deceased
The Members oftheHonseof Representatives and
Senators from Siuth Carolina, as mourner&
TheSergeant-at Arms of the House of Repiesent-
atives
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk
The Sergeant at Arras of the Senate
The Senate of tne United States, preceded by the
Vice President, and then Secretary
The Piesident of the United Slates
The Heads of Departments
Judges of the Supreme Court, and its officers
Foreign Ministers
Citizens and Stringers'
On the return of the members to the Ha1!, the
House adjourned till to morrow at twelve o'clock
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES
Saturda\ , January 31, 1835.
Mr CRANE, fiom the Committee on Revolu
tionary Claim", reported a bill for the íelief of the
hens and legal representative? of Joseph Young,
deceased, which was read twice and committed
Mr CH1NN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to extend the
cnarter of the Bank of Potomac, and the Farmei s'
Bank of Alexandria, which was read tw ce and
committed
Mr ADAMS, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill grant-
ing a pension to Isaac Eikhart, which was read
twice and committed.
TVÍr CLAY TON, from the Committee on Public
Lnnds, i eported a bill granting a quantity of land
in the Territo-y of Arkansas for public buildings
at the seat of government of that Territory Read
twice and committed
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Petitions were presented by—
Mr  LINCOLN, of Massachusetts, and Mr
DUNL4P, of Tennessee
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Unfavorable reports were made by—
Messrs FULTON, CLAY, and CLAYTON,
AMENDMENT OF THE toNSTITUTION.
Mr GILMER, from the select committee to
whom was referred tnat part of the President's
message relative to the amendment of the Con-
stitution, reported that the commutee could come
to no decision thereon, and asked leave that they
be discharged from its further consideration
Agreed to
Mr G then asked leave to lay the following
resolution upon the table
Resohed bj the Senate and House of Represent
atives (f the bnded States of Jimenca in Congress
assembled, (two t'urds of both Houses concur) mg,)
I hat the folio .ving amendments to the Constitu-
t on of the United States be proposed to theLegis
latuies of the several States, which, when ratified
by the Legitdatuies of three fourths of the States,
shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as part
of the Constitution, to wit
1st No person who shall have been elected
Pi evident of the United States, shall be again
elieible to tnat office
21   IIereafuerf the President and Vice Pres dent
of the United States shall be chosen by the people
of the íespeaive S ates in the manner following
On  the firi>t   Monday  and   succeeding Tue üay
and Wednesday in tne month of August, eighteen
hundred and trfiitv ¿ix, and tie same days in every
four li yeai thereafter, a i election shall be held for
Preside.it and Vice Pre ¡dent of the Un ted States,
at such places and in such mannei ase'ectionsare
held by the lavvsof each State for members of the
most nameious branch oi the Legislature thereof
And the cit z=ns of each Sta e woo possess the
nullifications of e'ectois of the most numerous
branch of tne Mate Legislature, shail  then and
theie vote foi President and Vice PiesiJent of tne
United States one of whom shall not be an inhib
itant of lh" «ame State with themselves   And the
supeiiO endents or p rsons  holding  elections in
evh election distric' snill mmeJiatelv tnereafter
malteietuins thereof to the Governor of the State
lid it shall be ti e duty of the Governoi, tog ther
vith such other per-.oi s as shall be appointeu by I
the authouty of each Sta e, to ascertain the result
of s ud returns, and the person receiving thegreatest |
numberof votes for President, and the one rece'v
ins the greatest number of votes for Vice Pi esident,
snail be holden tihave ieceived the wl ole number
of votes whrh tne State shall be enti <ed to give
for Presiden' and Vice President, which fact shall
immediately be certified by the Gove nor and sent
to the seta of Goveinu ent of the Um ed States,
to eadi of the Senators in  Congress from such
State, to the Piesident of the Senate, and to the
Sp°aket ot the House of Repie^entatives    The
places and manner of holding such elections, of
canvassing tne votes, making returns thereof, and
ascertaining  their result, shall be prescribed m
each State by the Legislature thei eof   But Congress
may, at any time, make or alter such i emulations.
Congress shall have the power of altering the tines
of holding the elections, but they sh ill be held on
the same^days throughout the United States, and
of altering the time  heremafterwaids prescribed
for the assembling of Congiess every fourth year.
1 he Congress of the United States shall be in ses-
sion on the second Monday m October, in tne year
one thousand eight hurdred and thirty six, and on
the same day in every fourth year theieatter, and
the President of the Senate, in the presence of
the Senate and House of Representatives, shall,
as soon as convenient and practicable, proceed to
open all 'he certificates and returns, and the elec
toral votes of the States shall be thereupon count
ed     The person  having the greatest number of
votes for Piesident shall  be President, if su"h
number be a majority of the whole number of
•votes given     But if no person have such major-
ity, or if the person having the rnajoiity of the
whole number of votes given shall have died be-
fore the counting of the votes, then a second elec-
tion shall be held on the fiist Monday and suc-
ceeding Tuesday and Wednesday, in the month
of December then next ensuing, which shall be
confined to the persons having the two highest
number of votes at the preceding election But if
two or more persons have the highest and an
equal number of votes, then the persons having
the highest number of votes- Piovided, hotoeier,
If, in the first election, there were but two pe sons
voted for, and the person receiving the highest
number of votes shall have died befor  the count-
ing of the votes, then, in the second election, the
choice shall not be confined to the person pre-
viously voted for, but any person may be voted
for who may be otherwise qualified by the Con-
stitution to be President of the United States,
which second election shall be conducted, the íe-
turns made, the votes counted, and the result of
the election in each State, certified by the Gov-
ernor in the same manner as in the first, and the
final result of the election shall be ascertained in
the same manner as the first, and at such time as *
shall be fixed by law, or resolution ot Congress,
and the person having the greatest number of
votes for President, shall be President, but if the
two or more persons shall have received an equal
and the highest number of votes at the second
e'eetion, or if the person who shall have received
the majority of the whole number of votes given
at the second election, shall have died before the
counting of the votes, then the House of Repre
sentatives shall choose one of the remaining num-
ber of the persons voted for, for President, in tie
manner now prescribed by the Constitution But
if there shad have been but two persons voted tor
in the second election, and the pe,son who shall
have received the highest number of to'es shall
have died before the counting of the votes, the
Vice President then in office, shall be President
for the next succeeding term
31. The person having the greatest number of
votes for Vice President, at the first election, shall
be Vice President, if such number be a major^y
of the whole number of votes given   And if no
person shall have received such majority, or if the
person who shall have received the majority of
the whole number of votes given, shall have died
before the counting of the votes, then of the pei-
sons having the two highest number of votes, the
Senate shall choose one for Vice P.es.den , but if
two or more persons have the higpest and an equal
number of votes, then the Senate shad choose a
Vice Pres dent from the persons hav mg the highest
number of votes, bu* if there shall have been but
two persons voted for, and the person who shall
have received the highest numoer of votes shall
nave died before the counting of the votes, then the
remaining person snail be Vice Piesident, or if all
the persons voted for shall have died before the
counting of the vo'es, then the Sena'e shall choose
! one of their own body for Vice Presiuent
I     4'h   No Senator or Representative sha'l be ap-
poin'ed  to any civil office, place, oi emolument,
under the autnonty ot the United States during
the time for which he was elected, and for six
months afterward
|     Mr SPEIGHT wished to .nqune of the gentle-
man fiom Georgia if it was his intention to press
the consideration of the reso'uuon at the present
session of Congress     If so, Mr  S would be glad
I  if it were postponed to a day certain     Mr   S
I  said he would take that occasion to remark, that
|   although the committee could come to no agree-
ment generally, they did agree, with one excep-
!   tion, to <hat part relative to the election of Presi-
dent and Vice Presid«nt of the United States
j      Mr GILMER said he should be gratified if the
House would consent to refer the sulject to a
Committee of the Whole, but ho could not, of
himself, have ventured to ask it     If the House
would suffei it to be read a first and second time,
he would ask that permission
Mr HUBBARD believed a majority of the
committee were decidedly opposed to both propo-
sitions Whether the gentleman intended the ac-
tion of Coneress upon them during the present
session, Mi H knew not, but he was opposed to
the course then adopted He had no objection
that they should be merely presented, and laid on
the table
182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3Í,
Mr. GILMER would accept either course.
Mr SPEIGHT believed that he concurred with
the gentleman from New Hampshire as to the
amendment. Mr. S. did not desire to press the
subject upon the consideration of the House, but
only that a subject of so much importance to the
American people should be brought fully before
them.
Mr. ARCHER said he thought it better that the
resolution be hud on the table and printed.
The motion was then agreed to.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS asked the consent of the
House to take up and consider the following reso-
lution, offered by him on Wednesday, 28di instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if not
incompatible with the public interest, any corre-
spondence with theGovernmentof France,and any
dispatches received from the M-mstei of the United
States at Pans, not hitherto communicated to the
House, in relation to the failute of the French
Government to carry into effect any stipulation of
the treaty of the 4ui of July, 1831.
The motion was agreed to, and the lesolution
adopted.
THOMAS  K. SMITH AND  SON.
Mr. FERRIS asked the consent of the House
to take up and consider the following resolution,
offeied by him on Wednesday last.
Resohed, That the Secictaiy of the Tieasury be
lequested to furnish this House with the repoitof
the Solicitor oí the Treasuiy, together with all the
documents relative to the compromise of the claims
of the United States against Tnouias 11. Smith and
Son, and then secuuties.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. PLUMPER, by consent, offered the fol-
lowing i evolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be lnstiuued to inquire into the expediency of
gianting to the settleis on the nubile lauds within
mat disuict of country ceded to the United States
by ihe ueaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek,in the Staie
ot Mississippi, where improvements have been
coveied by Indian and Jefferson College claims,
and thereoy depnved of the benefits of the pre;
cmption laws, a preemption light and other lands,
in iitu thereof, and or granting unto them such
other relief as they may deem equitable and just.
Mr. CAGE said he had sometime since pre-
paitd a similar lesolution in reference to those
lands, but in a conversation with the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, Mr. C. ascer-
tained that a. bill had been reported by that com-
mittee embiacing the tame objects, as far as le-
lated to the States of Alabama and Illinois; and
the bonorablechairman distinctly assuted him that
when that bill came up for considei alionan amend-
ment would be proposed thereto, to include the
Slate of Mississippi, the session being so far ad-
vanced that a separate bill could not be passed.
Mr CLAY said, he did mfoim the gentleman
that he would move an amendment embiacing ihe
Stale of Mississippi, in the bill lefened to; not
doubling that if the House weie disposed to pass
the bi.ii elating to Alabama and Illinois, they would
not object to the picposition for Mississippi. He
had, however, no oljection to the resolution being
¡.gieedtoand reieueU to the Commi tta on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. PLUMMER explained, that the resolu-
tion embiaced other objects, relative to settlement
lights, than those referred to by his honoiuble
colleague.
Mi. CLAY was not at first awaie of that, and
theietore lie trusted the lesolution would be
adopted.
1 he lesolution was then agreed to.
PAY OF IHE MaVY.
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH, a document
relaimg to the bill to regulate the pay of the Navy
oí the United States, together with certain amend-
ment , proposed to meet the views of the various
members, were directed to be printed for the use
of the House.
JOHN N. REYNOLDS.
Mr  PEA RCE called for the consideration of the
motion made by him on Thursday last to print one
thousand ex ra copies of the i eport of Mr. J. N. Rey-
nolds, relative to certain islands, shoals, ¡fee, ¡n
the Pacific ocean.
Mr. P. said he had been requested to modify
his motion so as to have two thousand exti acopies
of the íeport printed. Aftei a few remarks on the
importance of the work, Mr. P. so modified his
mouon.
Mr. JARVIS said he would like to hear some
good reason advanced for printing any number of
extia copies of this^ work. It was not a report
from a department, but was the printed work of
an individual, which, it seemed, did not possess
in itself sufficient interest to insure its sale, and
so it was found desirable to punt it at the expense
of Congress. He thought it was high time for
that body to stay us hand,and no lor.gei be made
the mstiument for punting worthless books.
Mr. PEARCE said, he believed the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. JarvisJ could not have fully
understood the object of the motion. The lepoit
in question could not piopeily be denominated a
book. It contained information of gieat import
anee to the action of committees of tlie House, as
well asmdividuals engaged in commercial pursuits.
It was an abstract of intoimation which had been
collecting fiom various authentic souices tor the
last twenty or thirty yeais. All who had ever
been connected with the important branch of our
commerce, theinteiestsof which it involved, would
readily admit the high value of the information
contained in the lepoit. He-hoped t.ie House
would agree to print ihe extia copies called foi.
Mr. JARVIS íephed. He said the argument
of the gentleman would be an excellent ore to
induce the House to publish the " Coast Pilot."
That was a woik if infinite value to manners;
and if this compilation was of equal -value, let the
compilei publisn n at his own expense, and theie
would be no difficulty in effecting a sufficient sale
to mdemnily him. He repeated, it was high time
foi that House to stop. They had already done
enough of this kind oí woi k for individual .
Mr. BURQESobserved tbathe wou.d nothave
said a word upon this resolu'ion, had it not been
for the opposition of the gentleman ftom Maine,
[Mr. Jaiuis.] He was asfonisned that one wro
would advocate an appropriation of tome fifty
thousand dollato fur the adornment of the Capitol,
should oppo.se ihe expenditure of a dollar to £ave
j! the life of the loil-wom and tempest-tossed mannei
of his country. He asked what inteiest was more
dear to the country than that of us commeice'
Gentlemen nvglutulk as they pleased of the pre-
dominating influence of agr.cultuie; it remained
alone for commeice to open a mailiet for the pro-
ducts of agnculture. He should, therefore, use
every means t« promote the facilities of naviga-
tion. He would rather advocate an augmentation
of the number of extra copies than us aecrease.
Mr. PHILLIPS wished to say one woid in
favor of this motion. He deemed the information
contained in the repoit of essential importance to
the House as well as to those directly engaged in
navigation. The amount of Amencan tonnage
engaged in the commerce of those seas was be
lieved to be gieatcr than that of all other !)a'ioi,3
put together; and jet all the information possessed
on the subject, except'iig that iuiiUbhed by indi-
vidual expense and enterpnse, was proeuied at
the expense of othei Governments. Hedwelton
the grow.ng importance of this commeice, and
hoped the motion would pievail.
The question was then taken; and the motion
agieed to.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS,
Resolied, That the Committee en -Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an examination or survey of the route
for the Cumberland road from Vandalia, in the
State of Illinois, to Alton, in said State, and from
thence to Jefferson city, in the State of Missouri,
and make repoit to the next Congress.
On motion of Mi. WHITE, of Florida,
llesoh'cd, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inqune into the
expediency of providing for a post route from
Pensacola, by FlondaTown, Almirante, Pittman 's
Ferry, to Campbellton.
On motion of Mr ASHLEY,
Resolved, That the Corrmittee en Invalid Pen-
sions Le instiucted to inqune into Ihe expediency
of reins-rtti'ir the name of John Davenpoit, on
the roll of invalid pensionéis.
On motion of Mr  FILLMORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Caíais be mstrucied to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing a survey to be made of the best
mode of enlarging and improving the harbor of
Buffilo for the reception and secunty oí vessels
navisating Lake Erie.
On motion of Mr. SCHLEY,
Resolvtd, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Pus-t Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establibhmg a post route from For-
syth, m Monroe county, by the way of Zabulón,
to Newna>i, in Coweta county, in the State of
Georgia.
On motion of Mr. DÜNLAP,
Resolied, That the Committee of Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of paying
Robert Harshall for a hoise lost m the Seminole
war.
On motion of Mr. HARDIN,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims inquire
into the expediency of allowing compensalion to
Samuel O/erton, Bernaid Fowler, and James
Gieen, for hoises lost  during the late war with
G'eat Biitain, and that the voucheis to support
sa'd claims be also leiened to said committee.
Or. motion of Mr. BOON,
Rcohcd, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing the State road fiom
Evansul'e, in the State ot Indrina, to Anthony's
Feu j, on the Ohio river, and thence to Hender-
sonville, m Kentucky, as a post road.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inqune into ihepiopuety of refunding
tj James Ileiron a sum of money paid by him
into the Treasury, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
PENSIONERS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The following resolut.on was offered by Mr.
BLAIR, viz:
Resulted by the Señale and House of Represent-
attvis tf the United Stales hi Congress assembled,
i'hdt the Secietary of War be, and he is hereby
directed to cause to be paid to each pensioner of
the United States ihe amount of pension due from
time to time, whether as an invalid or indigent
pensioner, at such office or agency as he may
select, at which pensions are paid by the United
States.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
Mr. HUBBARD then called for the orders of
the day; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Secietary of Wai, transmitting a state-
ment of the appropriations for the Wai Depait-
ment foi the services of the year 1834, showing
the amount appropriated under each specific head,
tne amount expended onder each, and the balance
remaining unexpended in the Fieasuiy on theSlst
December last, prepaicd in obedience to the act of
May 1, 1820; which letter was read and laid on
the table
The SPEAKER, also bid before the House a
letter from the b'ecretaiy of War, transmitting a
repoit fiom the Chief Engineer, and showing the
amount of the funds which have been applied to
the impiovement of the Cumbeiland river, and
containing fuither information in relation to ex-
penditures for the improvement rf said river, as
called for by the House on the 8th of January
instant; which letter and repoit were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
A  message m writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Donelson,
his Puvate Secretary; which was read, and is as
follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
With reference to the claim of the grand daugh-
ters of the Marshal De Rochambeau, and in
addition to the papers formerly communicated
relating to the same subject, I now transmit to the
lo35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ltB
House of Repipser tature , for their consideration,
a memoiial to the Congress of the Unued States,
fiom the Countess d'Ambrugade, and the Mar-
quise de la Goiee, togeiher with ihe lettei which
*, com nan led it. Translations of the^e documents
aifalsosent                 ANDREW JACKSON
The message was ordered to be printed and he
on the table
GEM2RAL APPROPRIATION E!LL.
* The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
]835 was then taken up, read a third time, and
Mr POLK gave notice that on Wednesday
next he should ask leave of the House to proceed
to the coris.deratnn of tne bill regulating the
deposite of the money of the United States in
certain locil banks                                                       '
Mr. HUBBARD also gave notice that on Mon- i
day next heshculd ask leave to move tnat the
House  resolv   itself into  a  Committee  of the
Whole on the state of the Union  on the bid
making appiopnations for certain harbors.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the
day, being private bills
The question pending being the further consid-
eration, in Committee of the Whole, of the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Richard
W.Meade,
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, said he hoped
the fi ends of that bill would consent to its temuo
rary postponement, for he feared if it was taken
up no other business would be acted on during the
day
After some conversation between the CH4IR.,
Me^sis. WHITTLESEY, POLK* ARCHER,
HUBBARD, MANN, of New York, end VIN-
TON, the bills for the relief of Richard W Meade,
(ieoige Gibson, and Mervm P Mix, were, for
the piesert, laid aside, and
The House, on  motion  of Mr   WHITTLE-
SEY, of Ohio, resolved itself nto a Committee of
the Whole, (Mr   Wihd in  the chair,) and pro
ceeded to take up and consider t>>e folio  n g bihs-
A oil! for the relief of Samuel Butler,
[Mr. FULTON moved to amend the bill by a
fuither appropi.ition for the loss of a wagon,
horse, &       Agreed to ]
A bill for the lelief of Elizabeth Swam,
A bul to refund Dtvid Watkinsoml Co a pait
of the duties imposed on a quantity of tin and non
imported by them,
A bill f r the relie*" of Richard Putnam,
A bill foi the relief of tne hei>-s of William
Poilard,
A bill for the relief of Sutten Stephens;
The House again lesolved itself into the Com   '|
mittee of the VVho'e, (Mr Hobbled in the chair,) i|
and took up and considered the following bills:     '
A bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and others;
A "bill for the rehef of Matthew C  ferry,
A bill for the relief of E  R  Shubrick;
A  bill for the relief of Biddle,  Becktle, and
others,
A bill for the  elief of John J Avery,
A bill for the relief of Stephen Gatlm,
A bill for the relief uf Theodore Oiveris,
A  bill for the relief of  the representatives of
Thomas Ciemmons,
A bill for the rehef of S. Morris Whaler and
Henry Percival,
A bill for the relief of Snubael Corant,
A In I for the relief of the representatives of
Aaron Smith,                                                               I
A bill Or the re'icf of Thomas Ball,
A bill for the relief of Richard Hargrave Lee;    I
A bill for the le'i-f of Wil' am Hacked and
otheis,
A bill for the rehef of Ebenezer Breed,
A bill lor the relief of George Davenport;
A bill for the reuef of John Carmack, and           '
A bill for the relief of Abjih King                       ¡
Ad of which uills weie severally reported to the t
House with Mt amend merit
The commiaee tdso took up and considered the
following, which vvMe ¡severally reported to the
House with amendmen s
A bin for the lelief of Lieutenant Merno P ¡
Mix,
A bill for the reluf of Wil'iam Lawrence,           j
A bid foi toe re'ief of Wi"iafi Marcus, and
A In'! for the rehef of I aac Bauer.
'i he romn it.ee t ien rose and repoited the bills
to the House
Theam ndment tithe bill for the re''ef of L eu
ten in; Mervm P  M x was concuried mi
The ni'diei con-Mdeiation of the oills for the
rehef of W Iham Lamente, Isaac Baker, Abiph
Kuiff, and JuliM Carmack, was postponed till Fii-
dav next
The l ill for the lelief of Wi ham Marcus, as
amended, w-s then t ken up
Mr ViNTO^f m de rem ik^i thereon,   nd
Mi   SEViER.ot -Yi Kansas r'J lined, bin before I
ihe quest! n was i iken  the House, on motion of
Mr  MANN, ot New Yur't.                                     i
Adjourned nil \l inuay, at e'even o Mock, a m
IN  ^ENVTL
Mo\3i\, Fel¡L¡ri i, 2, lc35                      '
The VICE PRESIDEN Tccmmii' .cit"J a let-
ter iio n the W ii D pirn ie i , mai'e in nuisuance
of th^ act ri M-iy 1, H3d, shoeing the amount
A bill foi the reuef of Thomas Dixon &, Co ,          ¡- arjp,0¡)rmtio.is ior that ceiaitment for the year
A bill for the lelief of John Praser <L Co , of ,g34
communice'ed a memoiial  fiom   the
Cimileston, South Carolina.
A bi'l foi the telief of Jacob Baiton,
A bill for ihe rel' f of Noah Ch.ttenden,
[Yh  ALLEV,of Vermont,pioposed an amena-
ment to the bill to pa; the oension therein  pio-
•vidtd for, lo the widow of Noah Chittenden, who
had died since the bill was leported, which was
ag eed to ]
A bi 1 for the relief of Job Ba's,
[Some  con-versation  ensued  on  the punciple
embraced   in  this bill between   Me"srs   CLV\,
VI VI ON, G1RLAND, and  PA.RKER,  who
moved a rrovrso, v;hich was agreed to ]
A bill fin Ihe ¡elief of Sunuel II   Doxey,
A bdl for the i elief of John Hemck,
A b 11 gianting a pension to Job Wood,
A bill  ior the releí  of Asa Aimington  and
others,
A bill fir the relief of Domimck Lynch,
A bill for the relief of David Kmeaid, and
A bill for the relief of Stevens Smith and others
The committee then rose and leported the sev-
eral biPs tn the House
The bills for the relief of Asa Armmgton and
otheis L\>v>d Waikinson d, Co , Job Bass, ard
Noah Chittenden, weie, on motion, postponed till
FiiJay next
The House agi eed to the amendment of ihe com-
mittee to the bill for the relief of Simuel Butlm
All the above bills (except the foul postponed)
were then oideied to be engrossed ioi a thud
reading                                              >
1834
He al
Mayoi i,f ii etity of Bust mi, lei^onstra mg against
the refusal to n ake i.i appu pmtion foi lepunng
the foitificationson Casile U'and.ai d askingsuch
an appiopuation, wmch was referred to theCom-
mittee on Finance                                                       '
Mr  HEN DRICKS presented a memonel fiom i
citizens, ot Micliyui C ty for the improvement of
their 1 ubor and the (stallishment of a poit of
entiv theie, which wus refti-ed to the Committee ,
on Commerce
Also,a memorial and pint resolutions from the
Legislature of Indiana, praying for the improve
ment of the ll'niois nvei Reiei.ed to the Com-
mittee o i Road  and C viials                                      j
Mi   McKC-VJS pies°nted a memoml from im-
portéis, auctioneeis, commission merchants, mer  |
cian's.ti ideis,and di y goods dealers, of Phi'ade!
pl.ua, praying Congiess to establish a standard of |
weight-, anl measuies thioughout the Union, and
a uniform  mode of applying and conforming to
ti e same      Retried  to the Committee on  the
Judiciaiy
Mr CL'iY piesented a memorial from inhab-
itants oi Louisville, Kentucky, praying Congress
to take stock in the Louisville and Portland canil,
which was ufe.ied to the Committee on Roads
and Ca ials
Othei petitions of a pmite nature were pre-
sented byMessis BEN ION, KING of Alabama,
KANE, and KENT
[Mr Benton presented a memoiial fiom the
expatria'ed Poles, praying for some alteration  in
the law passed by Congress last session, giving
them land ]
THE GLOBE----MR. CALHOUN.
Mr C4LH0UN arose, holding in his hand a
copv of the Globe newspaper, and desired that
the Secretary of the Senate should be required to
read a paragraph which he (Mr. C )refeired to.
The following paragraph from the Globe was
then read.
" We were informed bvMr Wilson, the keeper
' of the Roturdo, that he had frequently observed
' this man about the Capitol—sofiequently that he
'had become an object of curiosity to him, that he
' had endeavoied to draw him into conversation,
' but found him taciturn and unwilling to talk.
' Whether Lawrence ha1? caught, m his vis.ts to
'the Capito1, the mania which has prevailed
' during the two lastsess.ons in the Senate, wheth-
' er he has become infatuated with the chimeras
' whicn have troubled thebrainsot thedisa| pointed
'and ambitious oiaiors who have deputed the
' President as a Caisar who ought to have a Bru-
'tus, as aCromwell,aNero,a Tiberius, we know
' not If no seo et con*pu ¡icy has pi ompted the ptipe-
' Iralwn of the homd deed, we think it not lraprob-
' able that some delusion of intellect has grown
' out of his visits to the Capitol, and 'hat hearing
'despotism, and every horrible mischief threat-
' ered to the Republic, and revolution and all its
' train of calamities imputed as the necessary con-
' seqaence of the President's measures, it may be
' that the infatuated man fancied he had reason to
' become h.s country's avenger if he had heard
'and beaeved Mr Calhoun's speech the day be-
' fore yesterday, he would have found in it ample
'ju tfication for /its attempt on one who was repre-
sented as the cause of the most dreadful calami-
' ties to the naaon, as one who made peifect rot-
' tenness and corruption to pervade the vitals of
' the Government, insomuch that it was scarcely
' worth pieservmg, if it were oossible "
Mr C said that he rose to make afewremarks
on the'aitide which had just been read—not in
reference to himself, but on Us political bearing and
character
There are some things of themselves so insig-
nificant as to be undeeeivmg of notice, but which,
in connexion with others, may become important
Such vas the piesert Whatevei may be the
chaiacter of the paper which contains the aiticle,
lo.vevei base and prostitute, it is the known,
authenl'c, and es abiished organ of the Executive,
sus amed by -'s power, and pampered by its
hands
In noticing the article, I pass by the base insin-
uation that  it contains, and will confine my re-
maiks to the new pnncip'es in ethics and politics
winch it asserts     What this principle is, no one
who i-ead the article can douot     It asserts that he
who denounces abuses and con up ior, be they
evei soe.eat, instigatesassassma ion '   And what
description of denunciation is considered as Justi-
fying an assassination is not left to doubt     As if
to remove all unceitainty on this point the article
refers to my remarks the other day     I allude not
to this reference, with a view of defending myself,
foi I require no defence, but for lllustiatmg the
|   new code of political  morals announced tinough
the Execu'ive oigan      It asserts that had he who
has attempted the life of the C! lef Magistrate
been present and heaidwhat I said, he would have
been justiji'd in doing what he attempted, and of
I   course, if I had made such declaiatioiis  vclutuaiily
1   as wou'd have jus'ijied the attempt, the inference
|   would follow that 1 was the instigator of the crime
Now, (said   Mr   C ,) what were the circum-
1  stances of the case'   The Post Office report was
under consideration     It had made extraordinary-
disclosures of abuses and corruption m that branch
of the Administration, abuses and corruption con-
ceded, acknowledged, and denied  by none, not
even the supporters of the Administration   1 hese
I denounced, and at the same time expressed my
conviden that abuses and corruption weie not
limited to that particular bianeh, but extended to
I  almost every depaitmeit of the Administration,
<  but which I a'tnbuted moie to the working of the
political machine at this time than to the miscon-
duct of those who administer the Government, as
IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
184
great as I believe this misconduct to be, and it is
this which the Executive organ has authoritatively
asserted would justify assassination.
To what are we coming' In the first "place,
it is contended that the Senate has no right to
express its opinion upon any misconduct of the
Executive, because, forsooth, we may become his
judges m a trial of impeachment—acting on this
sophism, a resolution on our Journals condemning
his unconstitutional acts roust be expunged. Be
it so; what next > It follows as a cleai consequence
that we are not individually to condemn the con-
duct of the Executive, in debate, for an expres-
sion of an opinion individually as much disqualifies
as a vote upon a resolution. Now, another step
is taken still higher1 still bolder1 We are told
that to denounce the abuse of the Administration,
even in general terms, without personal reference,
is to instigate the assassination of the Chief Ma-
gistrate.
Mi. C. entreated Senatois to pause and reflect
Can they fail in all this to see the near approach of
mesponsible despoticpowei' In looking around,
he beheld many Senators in the ranks of the Ad-
ministration, of whose patriotism he could not
doubt. He would, in particulai, ask them what
is to come of all this, and whether it is not time
to halt> Did they not see that the necessary con-
sequence is to degrade the Senate to the humble
instrument of Executive power—to deprive it of
its usefulness, and ultimately to work an entne
change m our political institutions'
On my part, (said Mr. C ,) I cannot be mistaken
I see in all this an approaching catastrophe. I
again íepeat what I asserted on another occasion-"
—that reform, thorough, radical reform, revolu-
tion is inevitable—there is no other alternative I
fully compiehend the crisis in which I speak and
act. I have made up my mind as to my duty. I
am no candidate for any office—I neither seek nor
desire place—nothing thai! intimidate—nothing
shall pi event me from what I believe is due to my
conscience and my country.
REPORTS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr LEÍGH. fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the íelief of the
legal representatives of Thornton Taylor
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of N  P. Horner, deceased
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of James Bell, deceased, which were seve-
rally read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
The following resolutions were submitted.
By Mr. PORTER
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the transpor-
tation of a daily mail between New Orleans and
Mobile.
By Mr FRELINGHUYSEN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inqun e into the expediency of annexing the fourth
cncu t to the third judicial circuit, aid of so ar-
ranging the cncuit system, as to extend its bene-
fits to all the States, by seven or more circuits.
By Mr WAGGAMAN-
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures
be mstiueted to inquire into the expediency of
further providing by law against the evasions of
the tariff on refined and other sugars.
By Mr CLAYTON.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
more clearly defining by law the crime of revolt
in the crews of American ship3 within the admi-
ralty and mantimejjusdictionofthe united States,
of abolishing the capital punishment now provided
by the act of the 3(Kh of April, 1790, for tnat of-
fence, and of substituting a milder pun.shment for
it; which, on motion, was agreed to
Mr CLAYTON, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to compromise the claims
of the United States on the Alleghany Bank
of Pennsylvania, which was read twice and re-
ferred ,
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of John B. White.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, made
a similar report on the petition of John Spots-
wood; which were concurred in.
Mr. CLAYTON; from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill making piovision by law
against offences committed on the high seas against
the United States, which was read the first time
and oidered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, agieeably to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a joint resolution, lepeal-
mg a joint resolution of Congress with regard to
the election of printer; which was read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that on to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
making an appropriation for the purchase of cer-
tain paintings now in this city.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on the
District of  Columbia, reported a bill granting
annually, for five years, to the city of Washing
ton, §70,000, to the city of Alexandria, $17,500,
and to Georgetown,---------, towards extinguishing
certam loans made to the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company. This bill also provides for the
relinquishment of the stock now owned by the
said cities in that canal to the United States. The
bill was read the first timeand ordeied to a second
reading.
Mr. BENTON offered the following motion in
writing:
That the Secretary of the Senate inquire into
the state of the printing ordered to be done by
the Senate during the last and present session, and
repoit at about what time each piece of printing
will be completed, which was agreed to
The Senate then proceeded to the order of the
day, when the following íesolutions, heretofore
offered, were taken up and agreed to:
By Mr  PRENTISS-
Resolved, That the President be lequested to
communicate to tne Senate the conespondence ¡
which passed  between  the Governments of the
United Sta'es and Sp un,uirou£h their respective
Ministers or a/'ents, in ihe negotiat.on of the late
treaty 'letv/een  the two Governments, together
with the mstruo'ions given to the Ministers of the
United States, fiom nine to time, in the course of
the nego'idtion, or so  nit.cn of said  correbpond    >
ence and mstruc'ions as u may not be meompati
ble with the publ c interest to communicate.            1
By Mr MOORE                                                      ¡
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary ¡
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of ¡
making a büitabíe appropriation, to aid in the '
erection of a court-house, now m progress in '
Madison county, Alabama, in oider to provide !
for the accommodation of the district court of the
United States, holden at that place.
By Mr TIPTON.                                                 «i
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire i.ito the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Marion to Huntington, thence to Goshen, Indiana,
a post route from Greensville, by Recovery, Ohio,
to Huntington, Indiana, a post route from Yellow ,
liver post office to Laporte, a post route from '
Kirk's Cioss Road, by Frankfort and Delphi, to
Monticello, and a post route from Logansport, by
Turkey Creek Piaine and Goshen, to White
Pigeon, in Michigan Territory.
The following resolution being under consid-
eration
"Resolved, That the General Post Office is
' deeply in debt—its affairs in great disorder—its
' accounts and reports irregular, unsatisfactory,
' and in many instances untrue—that large sums of
' public money have been wasted and paid over to
' favored individuals upon false pietences, and that
' its conduct and administration are justly the sub- I
'jects of public complaint, and demand a radical
'reform"—                                                                 |
Mr CLAYTON suggested that its discussion
might occupy some considerable time, and, as he '
had given notice on a former day, he now moved |
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business; when,
Cn motion of Mr. POINDEXTER.the resolu-
tion was postponed to and made the special order
of the day for, to-morrow.
On motion of Mr GRUNDY, the bill for reor-
ganising the General Post Office was taken up.
Mr GRUNDY said that the bill was framed
principally by the majority of the committee; that
the minority had some amendments to offer, which,
on his motion, were received and ordered to be
printed
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, after which
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Monday, Febiuary 2, 1835
Several memorials, presented during the last
week by Mi. DICKSON, from citizens of New
York, praying the abolition of slavery within the
District of Columbia, and a petition from Oneida
on the same subject, came up for consideration
Mr. D addressed the House at great length in
favor of the prayer of the petitions, and the pro-
priety, justice, and expediency of some legislation
by Congress thereon Mr D contended that
neither the Old and New Testaments, the heathen
philosophy, or the Declaration of Independence,
recognised a difference of color in the rights of
man. He also cited the laws of the District, as
derived from the Stale of Maryland, at the cession
thereof, and contended that the slave-trade, as at
present cairied on here, was worse in its features
and its effects than that of Africa While the
trade was made piracy in almost every country in
Europe, even under despotic Governments, it was
fostered and nourished at the seat of the Geneial
Government of the gieatest Republic on earth.
In all other Republics, slavery itself had been
abolished, and on the whole southern contmentof
America, with the exception of the absolute Gov-
ernment of the Biazils, it had ceased to exist
I Mr D disclaimed for himself, and for thepeti-
tioners, any intention of mterfeiing then or there-
after, with the powers of the State governments,
but maintained the full and complete power of
Congress over the subject within the District.
His object, in the motion he intended to make to
refer the subject to a select committee, was, that
in consequence of a majority of the committees on
the Distiict of Columbia being fiom slave holding
States, no action had ever been made on similar
petitions referred to it He then referred to re-
oorts, &.c , made by former committees, toa peti-
tion from upwards of one thousand mhabitantsof
the District, owing, he said, more than a moiety
of its property, for the abolmo n of slavery there-
in, and to a presentation of the grand jury of
Alexandria, some yeais since, declaring the trade
to be a nuisance, from all of which he affirmed
that to grant the prayei of the petitions he now
presented would conduce to the benefit and proa-
penty of the District itself.
The question of order, as to whether the honor-
able member could go into the merits merelv on
the presentation of a petition, was raised by Mr.
CHINN, Mr. CLAY,and Mi. BOON, but over-
ruled by the CHAIR, on the ground that the peti-
tion having laid over from a former day, and em-
bracing matters of great importance, remarks
thereon were m oider so long as the House itself
did not interpose
Mi. DICKSON moved thattHe petitions be re-
ferred to a select committee and printed.
Mr. CHINN said that he did not rise to defend
the course puisued by the present committee, nor
by any former Committee of the District ofColum- *
bia, upon the subject of this memorial He hoped
that neither the present, nor any other committee,
required any such defence Nor did he mean to
disturb the deep sympathy, nor thetender mercies,
of the gentleman fiom New Yoik, still less of the
eight hundred fan memorialists who had made the
gentleman their champion He only moved to
lay the whole subject on the table, and upon this
question he asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered.
Mr DENNY inquired if they could be called
up hereafter
The CHAIR replied, it was mthe power of the
House to call up the subject whenever it thought
proper
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted as follows: Yeas 117, nays 77.
So the House determined to lay the petitions
and the motion to refer the same to a select com-
mittee on the table.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED ANDJPUBLISHED AT THE CITY OFJVASHÍNGTON, BY bTaTrVrTveS.
23d Cokorl^, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1835.
Vol 2....No. ]2.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Messrs   HALL and SMITH, of Mume;
Messrs REED, OSGOOD, LINCOLN, and
EVERETT, of Masjai duvet's;
Mr YOUMJ, of Cmntc'icut,
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Wand;
Messrs WHITE, CAMBRELENG, PIER-
SON.TURRILL, HARD, and MART1NDALE,
of New York,
Mr SHINN, of New Jersey;
Messrs HIESTER, McKENNAN, BIN-
NEY, GALBRAITH, and DENNY, of Penn-
sylvania;
[Mr. Denny presented a memorial from a large
number of delegates, representing five counties
and many towns of Pennsylvania extending along
the Monongahela river, ftom the head of the Ohio
to the Virginia S ate line, askmg for an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the Monongahela
river from Pittsburg to the National road at
Brownsville, according to the plan suggested by
Mr. Howard. Mr D. moved to refer the memo-
rial and accompanying documents to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals
Mr. Stewart suggested to his colleague the
propriety oi givingthesubjectadifferentdirection.
This subject, at the last session, had been referí ed,
on his motion, to tfil Committee on Roads and
Canals, and that committee had authorized him to
report a bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Monongahela river from Pitts-
burg to Brownsville, on the very plan recom-
mended by the memorialists. He hoped this bill
would be reached and passed before the close of
the session He therefore suggested the reference
of the subject to the Committee of the Whole
House,  o which this bill had been referred.
Mr. Devny acq uesced, and the memorial was
referred accordingly ]
Mr. MILLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs HEATH and McKlM, of Maryland;
Messrs CH1NN, MERCER, LOYALL, and
WISE, of Virginia,
Mr  W. B SHEPPERD, of North Carolina;
Mr PICKEXS, of South Carolina;
Mr SCHLEY, of Georgia,
Messrs POPE, TOMPKINS, BEATTY, and
JOHNSON, of Ken'ucky,
Messrs. bTANDIFER, DUNLAP, BUNCH,
and LEA, of Tennessee,
Messrs THOMSON and MITCHELL, of
Ohio;
Mr GARL1ND, of Louisiana;
Messrs CARR and HANNCG\N, of Indiana;
[Mr. C\rr presented the petition of Gilbert
Brown, of tne parish of Natchitoches, m the Sta'e
of Louisiana, winch was refened to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mi*. II YsM&iV presented the petition of sundry
ci'izens of Cnmo.i county, in the State of Indiana,
praying the estiblishment of a post route fiom
Kirk'-, on the Michigan road, by Frankfort and
Delphi, to Mon'icello, in said State ]
Mr PLUVIMER, of Mississippi,
Mr  CASEY, of Illinois,
[Mr C\-tr presented* sundry resolutions of
the L'gisla'uie of the S ate of Illinois, in i elation
to a grant of land in assist m constructing a road
from a point on the Wabash nvei, opposue Vin-
cennes, 10 Ch«ago, which, on his motion, was
referred to the sune Committee of the Whole
Iloubeto which bill No 51} on that subject has
been re'ened. The lesolutions weie ordered to
be punted 1
Messrs CUY, MARDI3, MURPHY, and
LEWIS, of Alaluma,
[Mi Li«, oi Alabama, presented a memorial
from the Lejislatme of Al ibama, askrn  the relm
quishment oi the two per tent of the net proceeds
ofi'ilcs of publu luid* m that State, leseived for
the p ii pose of making a load or loads, leading to
said ¡vtite, m older that it may lie"applied to the
conjunction of a railroad, to connect the waters
of Mobile bay w ill  those of the Tennessee river— ,
I and also asking the condemnation of a section of I
j the public land on each side of the contemplated ,
i road, for the use theieof—which was referred to '
i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the I
Union; to which a bill, heretofore reported for the ¡I
same purpose, had been committed                            I
| Mr. Clay also presented a memorial from the j|
¡ same Legislature, asking the extension of the law
1 granting preemption rights to settlers on the pub-
| lie lands, to the inhabitants of //actional town-
ships, who are now denied the benefits of that
law—which was referred to the Committee on the
I Public Lands ]
I     Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri;
1     Mr. LYON, of Michigan, and
j     Mr. WHITE, of rionda.
_ The SPEAKER also presented severa' memo-
' rials and petitions fiom various States,&o ; which
¡ petitions and memorials were appropriately refer-
red.
I                              RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON,
i     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
1 pediency of establishing a post road from Brown's
I Mills, MiiHm county, Pennsylvania, by the way
of Steudts's Mills and Perrysville, to the Valley
post office, m said county.                     '
1     On motion of Mr. STEWART,
j Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be mstiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting commutation and land to the
heirs of George Calmes, an officer of the Virginia
Continental line in the levolutionary war.
j    On motion of Mr McKIM,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims inquire
into the expediency of paying Hugh McDonald
for a horse lost in the seivice of the United States
during the late war with Great Butain.
|    On motion of Mr. CARMICHAEL,
i Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a port ot entry at Port Deposit, in the State
I of Maryland.
On motion of Mr. POTTS,
1     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
i and Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Coatesville, by way of Doe Run, Chatham,West-
| grove, Rosscommon, and Bjyd's Store, to Strick-
ersvihe, all in the county of Chester, and State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. MeKAY offered the following resolutions;
which, under the lule, lie one day
Besotted, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy
be diiected to make to this House a «statement of
all moneys disbursed from the Treasury of the
United States for expenses and intercourse with
the Rarbaiy Poweis during the last ten years,
therein not.ng as far as can be ascertained, the
! sums received by the respective agents or consuls,
and the purposes to which the same have been
applied in each of said years.
1 Resohcd, Tint al! cases dur.ng the past ten
years wheiem any consul or agent residing on the
Bubal y coast, has paid for an) p'nposeoroi anv
pietence, not authonzed by law, to anyone of
said Powers, or to the officers or subjects thereof, a
greater sum than three thousand dolors i> any one
yeai, wuh intent to charge the Unred States with
the same, that the Secretaiy in'orra this House
whether it is d me by tne special v iprobation or
wri'irg of the Piesident, fust obtained for that
purpose.
Oi motion of Mr PINCKNEY,
Revolt e I, That tne Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, ltqaested to transmit to this House
copies of all such naval reports and otlier docu-
ments in his possession as relate to the employ-
ment of cotton canvas m the A menean nivy, and
the propriety of providing cotton doming for the
seamen, and also to accompany his report with an
expression of his own views and opinions upon
both these subjects.
On motion of Mr PINCKNEY,
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be mstiucted to ascertain and report to what ex-
tent cotton canvas h«3 hitherto been introduced
into use in the American navy; and to inquire
into the exped.ency of providing by lav/ for its
general employment on boaid of all vessels of
the United States, and also of substitutirg cotton
cloth foi the geneial clothing of the seamen at-
tached to the Navy, m the place of the linen man-
ufacture now in use.
RTPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House, as soon as prac-
ticable, a map or chait representing the piesent
state of the breakwater and the adjoining shoals
in the river Delaware, with the report of the en-
gineers theieon, or any other information which
may be in the possession of the department, tend-
ing to show the policy or impolicy of making
further appropriations for the present for the im-
provement of the said breakwater.
Mr. MILLER, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, leported a bill granting a pension to
William C Beard, late a captain in the Army of
the United States; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr ROBERTSON, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bdl to extend the provisions
of ceitam laws for the relief of insolvent debtors;
which was read twice, and its further considera-
tion postponed for one week.
Mr. TOMPKINS, from theCommitteeon Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill to establish a
pension agency south of Green river, in Kentucky;
which was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed.
Unfavorable i eports were made by Messrs. MIL-
LER, MARSHALL, TOMPKINS, BANKS,
and FULTON, from their respective standing
committees
Mr WARDWELL (instructed by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims) moved that the
bill to authorize the Secietary of War to appoint
agents to examine pensioners, in oidei to prevent
ftauds, and for other purposes, be made the spe-
cial order o&the day for to-morrow week.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The following resolution, heretofore offeied by
Mr  McCARTY, was taken up-
''Resolved, That the Presid ent of the United Statea
' be lequested to transmit to this House copies of
1 all letters and correspondence of ail Indian agents
1 and sab-agents, and othei pel sons connected with
1 tne Indian department, now in the Executive or
1 War Depa  tment, or m the office of the Commts-
' sior.er of the Gene.al Land Office, connected w,th
' oi iela'iveto the survey,location, sale,?nü trans-
1 fer of ail Indian reseives of lands since the year
' 1825, up to this time; and aiso,a!Hbeo jers and
1 communications from the Executive of the United
' S.a es, thiuugh the War Departmert, oi General
' Lind Offi'-e, oi otherwise, >n i eferer.ee to said sur-
' veys, locations, sales, and transfers of Indian re-
' serve*, togethei wi'h i laps and p'ats of said sur-
1 veys, and of the tracts, approved and cor-firmed by
' the P.ebider-t under said tiarsfers and sales, and
' what íemains unappropriated, that have been re-
1 ported and submitted for his approval, together
' with the evidence of title."
To which Mr PLUMMER had moved an
amendment to restrict the call for information to
"that not already communicated to the Senate
undei resolutioi 3 of that body,adopted at the last
session "
And which having- been referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affans—
186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LOVE, fro<n that commit'ee, reported the
same, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike outafter the word correspondence, in the
fourth line, thewoids, "of all Indian agents, sub-
' agents, and other persons connected with the
'Indian department," and insert after the words
Geneial Land Office, in the eighth line, the words
" of all Indian agents, sub-agents, and other-peí sons,"
andinsert after the words "reserves of lands," in
the tenth Une, the words " east of the Mississippi
river."
Mr. McCARTY said: Mr. Speaker, when I
closed my remarks upon this subject, more than
aweekago,upon themotion of the gentleman fiom
Kentucky [Mr. Love] to refer this subject to the
Committee on Indian Affaus, I had no intention
of again troubling the House with any furthei
remarks of mine. Nor, sir, important as I con-
sider the subject to the countiy, should I have
done so, but for the reported íemarks of one of
my colleagues [Mr. Lane] of the debate which
took place on ¡hat day,and the subsequent debate
upon this subject
Mr. Speaker, when I introduced the resolution
under consideration, I carefully and studiously
avoided locating charges of fraud in any district,
or any particular section of the country, or upon
any individual officer, nor, in no remaik made by
me on this floor, during the time I occupied the
attention of the House upon this subject, have I
' adverted or made any allusion whatever to any
specific place, or upon any individua', of the írauds
contemplated to be laid open by this lesolution
It is not my practice, sir, to staid here and charge
individuals elsewhere with any act dishonorable
to tnemselves or to the country, where they would
Le unable to defend themselves The object of
the resolution was, as expressed on it i face, simply
for the puipose of bringing forward—believing as
1 do that frauds exist—such evidence as would
lead to an investigation into the conduct of public
agents which may be thought prejudicial to the
public interest, for the purpose ot enabling the
Executive and the p oper departments to corieet
those fiaudulent practices and of exposing the
perpetratois But, notwithstanding my repeated
disclaimers against anything like locating charges
in any section of the countiy, my colleague [Mr
Lane] has been kind enough, m his ieported
remarks m the Globe, to falsely impute thecbaige
upon myselt and an hotioiabie colleague, [Mr
Ewing,] of having located the frauds referíed to
within the State of Indiana
Sir, it is needless for me to reiteinte this dis-
claimei here, for every gentleman upon this floor
who pattinpated in that disensión must well
lemember it, but it is due to myself that I should
expose this im&repi esentation, which was intended
to opeute more elseivheie than here «The gentle-
man, [Mi Layl,] after having made his fust
remailts, in which he goes on to &tale that he
objected to the resolution, because I had not been
sufficiently specific, and ioi that reason he could
not vote foi it, so fully was he s-U.sfied that 1 had
located charges nowhere, that he called upon me
to put my finger upon the aj;ei t who had acted
fiaudulenly And this was ilso all t'legiouid
of objection taken by the gsntlemin who opposed
the lesolution, these were the lenlaiks, I believe,
of my colleague, in his rust speech upon the sub-
ject In his second remaiks he changes his ground,
and instead of opposing the idoption of the leso-
lution as before, 1 e savs, in substance, " that lie
' feels .t incumbent upon him to redeem the people
* of the State of Indiana fiom thechaiees imputed
' to them by mj rollergue and myself," " as they
'had, if fiaud had been committed, located it
' these "
His coirected remaiks reíd thus- " \nd tha',
' ipasn chas the lesolution ongmated with the
'gentleman fiom his own State, rnd inasmuch as
'two of his ho"orable colleagues [Me=sis Ewing
'and McCuiy] had expressed a belief that fiands
'had been perpetiated in the transfer cf Indian
'reservations, it might be supposed that some of
' those fiauib had taken place m Indiana " Ile.e
the gentlemin has tiivel'ed out of his way, and
out of the subject under consideration, to seek an
excuse to pass a eulogy upoi ti e citizens of Indi
ara, ent rely gritu.tous and uncalled for by the
occasion, in reply to chafes t>afnot only weie
February 2,
ne\er made, but upon which nothing had been
said. The gentleman has endeavored to show
that he had corrected this error, by the publica-
tion of a letter in the Globe. But mark1 He pro-
fesses to have written it on Saturday, but instead
of appearing in Monday's paper, it did not appear
till Tuesday, although the gentleman assured the
House that he took the emhest occasion to correct
the error, but that his letter did not i each the office
until late on Sunday night, and aftei the form of
the paper had been made up.
Now, sir, the resolution came from myself, and,
in my remaiks on its intioduction, I distinctly
stated that I was peisonally acquainted wi'h the
agent in Indiana, and disavowed any intention of
imputing wrong to that individual, whom I believe
to be incapable of perpetrating a fraud. Why,
then, was the State of Indiana, and the agents
there, named by my colleague' Why, he says,
" inasmuch as the resolution originated with a
gentleman from his own State " Sir, no such
inference can be drawn, eiiher fiom any lemarns
I made, or from the lesolution itself The les-
olution was mtioduced by me for the puipose of
getting at the subject gentralhj It was known to
the gentleman that for two yeais I have b en con-
nected with the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
that my investigation on this subject was general
How, then, could he come to the conclusion he
states, in the total absence of anything said or
done on hi y part to wairant such an inference.
He could not                                       «
But even admitting that I had been disposed to
locate these fiauds in the State of Indiana, would
it have been consideied disreputable to a whole
people, because a few dishonest peisons may be
found among them ! Would that have offered a
sufficient ground foi a gentleman to misrepresent
his colleagues, fot the pui pose of passing a hypo-
ciitical eu'ogy, uncalled for and out of place, and
entnely giatuitous on his part' No one thinks
higher of my fellow citizens of Indiana than I do,
but would any gentleman believe me if I weie to
assert it a3 my opinion, tbut there was not a man
among them*capable of committing fraud' Was
it an imputat.on upon the honest portion of any
community, to charge some one 01 two of them
with the perpetiation of fraud—had I even done
so—which is not true' Even the recoidsofthe
gentleman's own county, which had as honest
men as any in the woild, would snow that things
had been done thcie not altogelhn consistent with
honesty m.djuii dealing But where was there a
county in this Union, whose lecords would net
show that dishonest and conupt men had lived
theie, and jet, is this an imputation upon the
inhabitants of the county, does it argue against
the mteguty and purity of the community gefí'
eially' Geifainlynot My motive,Mi Speaker,
was a geneial one, in lefereice to the geneial
interest of the countiy Sit, were I disposed, I
might instance a circumstance in my own State,
not of fiaud, sir, but of deep uueiest to those
concerned, as we'l as the State, which of ltseK, I
tl ink, is of sufficient n 'eieft and inportance to
valiant the call contemplated by this lesolution
it io tins i "ood many íeseives weie made by tl e
l-eaty of ]8J'j, n Indiana, to the mmor Indian
ehildien of a paiticular school Those childien
have mostly gone from the country, and it 13 be-
lieved their lands 01 many of them, have been
transfened, if so,tne titles . iay be questioned, and
innocent purchasers may si iler, and itkimpoilant
these facts ^-'lould be ki own
I will again, sn, lecur to the speech of my col-
league, [Mr Li\i ,J subsequently made, in ref-
erence to his feeling- upon tl is «ubject ilesajs
" he would ever I e íeadj to cooperate with them
' [his col'eague ] in anythii g and eveiyth ng they
' may undeitake, cjku'ated to piomote the ínter-
' ests of their constituents, the intere&t and pros-
' pentyof 0111 State, end Ü e interest and piospcr
' lty of the Union "
Now,sir, theiesen'nnents aie certainly woi'hy
of a repiesentauve and a better heart, but take
them m connexion with the following, from
anothei speech, made by the gentleman upon
another occasion I ief r to it, st, to show the
inbidious des gn of the gentleman upon fhat occa-
sion, and that the n e>est of the Sate and his
distik t is net "o much his object as to fish for a
pietext to f x bhr-e and censure upon others
"Mi Liil said, he icgietted he could not, in
'justice to himse'f, accept tl e kind aid of his good
' feeling colleague, [Mr McCartt,] in the motion
' he had made to reconsidpr the vote of yesterday,
' rejecting the resolution he had the honor of pre-
' seining to the House for adoption That it was
' his intention to present it anew to the House,
' locating us commencement "   '
Now, he couid have no such motive, for its
comrnei cement had been designated by the reso-
lution itself.
Mr Speaker, the resolution was offered by the
gentleman himself, referring, as I thought, to a
subject already beioie one of the standing com-
mittees of the House, and it was foi that reason
alone I made the suggestion i did upon that occa-
sion As soon, however.as I discovered the mis-
take, I myself moved its leconsideration, and the
gentleman, although it was his own lesolution,
his own proposition, objected to its reconsideia-
tion under the pietence that he would " present it
anew to the House, locating its commencement "
I have quoted this for the purpose of connecting
these subjects, and to show that the opposition to
theiecons deration of the gentleman's own resolu-
tion, and his published remaiks on that subject,
were intended foi political effect at home, and not
foi ttie information of the House, because they
were made out of this House, and written by the
gentleman himself.
Mr Speaker, I have upon all occasions care-
fully avoided any collision with any gentleman
upon this floor. It is both unpleasant and dis-
agreeable, and it is especiallj so with a colleague.
But when I see my remaiks and my motives mis-
íepresenled, and those misrepiesentations bent
abioad throughout the countiy to pioducean effect
again't me at home, I could not, in justice to
myse'f and those I lepresent, permit them to pass
unnoaced. Sn, there aie a species of animals in
oui forests, with whom, notwithstanding their
weakness and abject meanness of spirit, the lion
himself would shun a controversy There are,
Mi Speaker, men who owe their impunity from
íebuke and chastisement to their resemblance
to tl ese quadrupeds 1 hope the House will
pardon me for thus tiespassing upon its patience
by introducing matters not altogether ¡elevant to
the subject under consideration.
I know, sn,the gentleman may suppose that
the length of time that has elapsed since his re-
marks have gone foi th, would have enabled them
to produce the desned effect, but this being the
first occasion that has offeied to make the conec-
tion, 1 have thought it due to myself to embrace
it I have no objection thatgentlemen should take
any course they think proper to write out their
own speeches when it is not dore at the expense
of truth and to the detriment of others
The gentleman the other day, in reply to my
colleague, [Mr Ewivg,] after he had been told in
emphatic terms that his published remarks weie
not true, that he had written them himself, and
that the reporter, therefore, was ?.c' chareeable
with the mi'repiesentatnn, boastingly telli the
Hocsethat whoever contiadicts his assertion doea
it at his peril Why, su, this reminds me of a
very tioubl^ome fellowm my neighborhood who
had offended a very good citizen, and refusing to
make the recessaiy lediess, the gentleman look
upon himself the lesponsibihty oí redressing his
own wrong by applym^a \ery unpleasant apph-
cition to the young man's shoulders After giving
him about tl irty, he let him pass The fellow
immediately apnlied to thecleik for awnf, who
asked him why he did not fight back " Why,"
said the fellow, "I had deteimuAd if he had
struck ano'hei lick, I would have given him hell'"
Mi Speakei, when I introduced the subject
li°rt, I did it in the chaiacter of a representative
of the people I consulted no personal feeling,
nor am I responsible to any but my constituents
out of this House, but, notwithstanding thi-, I
sha'l never shiink from any responsibility that
may grow out of anything that I may say here
Nor, sir, have I introduced it for the purpose of
ferreting out an 1 making chaiges against the Ad-
ministration No, sir, I am an older soldier in the
suppoitof the Administration than that gentleman,
and have defended it from the earliest period,
and expect to do so as long as I have the honor
of a seat heie, when T think its measures are cor-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
rect But I claim the right of differing in opinion
upon all subject , when my duty to my constit-
uents shall demand it
There is no intention of bringing any charge
upon the Executive by this resolution On the con-
trary, its object is to enable the Executive fc> do
justice to the country. I have brought it forward,
sir, after due deliberation and reflection; and I
trust it will be adopted, so that the country may
see where frauds have been perpetrated, and who
have been guilty of them, and that those who have
been unjustly chargfd may have it in their power
to exculpate themselves I again repeat, sir, that
so far iron  locating the frauds in Indiana, or
intending to locate them there, I located them
nowhere, I made no charge against the agent in
Indiana—whom I believe to be as honest and
honorable a man as lives—nor against any other
individual whatsoever. I have reason to believe
that fraud has been perpetrated somewhere, and I
wish it known.
In conclusion, sir, let me assure my honorable
colleague that I will never suffer misrepresenta-
tions of myself to pass here unheeded, nor, so
long as I shall be honored with a seat on this
floor, permit them to go without exposing them
to public view. I have thus, Mr. Speaker, said
all 1 intended on this subject, and beg to express
my acknowledgments to the House for the indul-
gence afforded me. My main object was to cor-
rect this error, and to do justice to myself by
placing the whole matter fairly before the public.
Mr EW1NG then rose, but
Mr WATMOUGH called for the order of the
day, which motion was not sustained—ayes 55,
noes not counted.
Mr EWING, of Indiana, said he did not rise
to protract the debate upon this resolution, and
he should not now add one word after the remarks
of his respected colleague, [Mr McCarty,] who
had just taken his seat, were it not that the cor-
rection of false and injurious matter made by the
member on his right [Mr. Lane] was little less
offensive than his original publication. In his
effort to avert the force of the correction, I felt
myself called upon to reply, he seemed to take
offence at the language I had used, when it is
known to the House that I used no language but
what his injurious misrepiesentation justly mer-
ited I am in the habit of calling things by their
right names, and so are the upright people I rep-
resent I call a spade a spade, when I allude to
that implement, and in repelling the charge that I
had implicated the people of Indiana in any par-
ticipation of fraud, or that the resolution was cal-
culated to do so, or that it justified or required
his bald eulogmm, I used only such terms as were
necessary to expose the falsehood
Th? member [Mr Lane] commenced his re-
marks by s'atmg that lie would not " bandy epi-
thets," but that he would state the truth, and
that contradiction would be at " peni " Now, I
bandy no " epithets," I establish the fact that he
did not «ate the truth, ard of his " perils," I am
here and elsewhere utteily regardless Indeed,
in this case, the " peril" is fudge, what does not
appear, does not exist But if his " perils" are
the garbled and untrue reports sent through the
medium of we Globe, to mjuie faithful Representa-
tives at home, I confess 1 cannot express such
indifference Why, sir, the report of my late
remarks in that partisan print were so garbled
and shaped as to give covert point to his misrep-
resentations I acknowledge, sir, there is art
manifested in this course, Jie same sort of art
which lie displayed in his uncalled for allusion to
the people of Ind-ina The people require ser-
vices, not flattery, and in his case it was dealt out
upon the unfounded assumption that the resolu
fon rf my colleague [Mr McCarty] had cast a
stigma on them, when, in fict, the people of
Massachusetts, and every other State, were as
much implicated as they were, for the resolution
is only calculated to bring necessai y information
to al1                                                                                         ,   ,       I.
But I appose the "peril" threatened by the
member [Mr La\l] had reference to the new
%er*i in of his remirlts, and not to those that he
reported for the Globe, which v. ere the original
ca lie of complaint. Nov., how does the matter
stand, the threatened  peril notwithstanding'    1
charged him with having wntten for the Globe a
bald eulogy founded on a false and injurious state-
ment, calculated to do great injustice to myself
and my colleague on my right, [Mr. Carty,] and
to deceive our constituents I further charged him
w«th making such a correction of it as might still
gain for him unmerited credit for defending them
from the false and injurious statement which ori-
ginated in his own imagination, and appeared m
the Globe. The House has witnessed his pretext,
inuendoes, and subterfuge, in reply to these ex-
posures, and heard his declaration that what he
then said was " true, and not false, and that the
contradictor would himself assert a falsehood "
This, too, accompanied by an intimation that I
had sought protection under the dome and within
the walls and drapery of this House, for the ex-
posure of the impositions. He [Mr. Lane] did
not deny that he had written the false statement
for the Globe, but he may have wished to convey
the idea that I could be intimidated from stating
facts. Now, I would have that member to under-
stand that such an idea is as unfounded as the
falsehoods I have already exposed. I claim no
protection from the walls, dome, or drapery. It
is not these, but my constituents, that I regard,
and I have not, nor shall I ever, make any remarks
here which I shall shrink from reiterating else-
where. The intimation was given as adisclaimer
on his part, that he would seek no such protection.
He must now know that I hold myself personally
responsible, and he may pursue what course he
chooses.
As the able exposition of my respected colleague
[Mr McCarty] has placed the matter at issue m
its true light I would say no more, were it not for
the degrading perversions of my former remarks,
and the declaration of what the member [Mr
Lane] " would never do," which accompanied his
perversions. He labored to make the erroneous
impression that I took offence at his unnecessary
eulogy on my constituents, instead of the false
ground on which he based it. He knew I had
taken offence only at his attempt to show that his
pretended defence of them was required by my
course, and he knew, and this House knew, he
was attempting to do the very thing he disclaimed
Thank God, sir, I and that member aie known to
the people of Indiana, and if he does not know
me better than his course indicates, I can inform
him that I have long known him. This, sir, is
no place to play the braggart, and I hope he will
hereafter seek some place more suitable If, as
he said, he would indulge in no defamation, why
did he not frankly and effectually correct his error
in proper time, and why did he labor to avert the
force of my correction' I wish only that the con-
stituents of each shall know the facts of this case,
as the House knows them, and that each of us
may be judged by the tendency of oui acts The
resolution I hope will be adopted
Mr LANE «¡aid his colleagues [Messrs. Mc-
Carty and Ewi\g] were upon a cold trail, that
he deemed it a du'y to the House and himself to
say he had not in the House on a former occasion,
said his colleagues had located the ftauds in Indi-
ana—that as soon as he saw the report of his re-
marks in the Globe, he had detected the error,
and sent a note to the office correen;; it That
his remarks had, at the request of the reporter,
been written out by himself, as is usual in the
House That in setting the type the compositor
omitted the following words- " which would seem
to locate them," had this line not been omit'ed
all this difficulty would have been avoided, but as
it is the assault on the part of my colleagues was
uncalled for, and unprovoked on my part, inas-
much as the correction was made before the as-
sault
Mr L said it was extiemely uimleasant, re-
pugnant to all his feeling-, to be called upon to
make even a good natured íeply to such hi gi'ige
as had been thrown upon the Ilou^e It has been
said with wisdom, there is a time for all tl mgs
A poor thing said in, is better thin a good one
out of place The one is the manifestation of a
weak mind—the other cf a depraved tas'e
Sir, we aie in the house of mourning Some for
the loss of a personal and esteemed fi lend—all
tor the loss of a \aluable member That tongue,
lately so eloquent, is silent. Those eyes so bright,
are closed in death. Those limbs so active, and
face so comely, m the tomb. I could not have
found it in my heart to have said ought to have
disturbed the repose of the mournei—the solemn
feast of feeling—the Sabbath of the mind Nor
would I have forgotten the late tragical attempt in
this Capitol, which, had it been acted out as oid
Othello his part, this Capitol, this nation, would
have been shaken as by some mighty earthquake
fiom its center to its circumference.
Thus situated, had I never so much cause for
revenge—my bow and my arrow in my hand,my
eye on the v.ctim, thevery thought of these recent
events to have flitted across my mind, a look at
this badge of mourning on my aim, as a mani-
festation of íegard for departed woith, and ray
bow and my arrow should have fallen, with my
eyes on Heaven I would have made one eííbit to
rise, in all the pride and glory of man, superior to
the brutal passion
To the people of Indiana, sir, it would be a sub-
ject of curiosity how this difficulty should have
arisen between myself aid colleagues [McCarty
and Ewing] m the consideration of a resolution
in the adoption of which we agree. Tney will see
at once it ha3 not grown out of anything seen or
heard in this debate, that the cause lies deeper,
not in the virtue, but in the depravity of the human
heart.
Man, sir, may dissemble for a while, may de-
ceive, but, sooner or later, like the pentup heated
waters, the ¡east enviable qualities will buist forth.
The politician who abardons his first love, his
principles, and betrays his trust, looks with envy
upon the faithful. Sir, there is a manner, a lan-
guage, a courtesy, a delicacy, and sweetness of
expiesston, in the heat of even angry debate, that
chaiactenzes the gentleman and the scholar—a
language, a look that distinguishes him from the
vulgar ruffian To look at such a man is to know
himagentleman, elevated in mind,pure mthought
sensitive in feeling, alive to his honor, always
respecting the feelings and regarding the honor Oi
otheis Piisue the other through all the walks
and shades of life, to his own oi his neighbor's
fireside, to the gay circle, or to a more elevated
station, and he is still no gentleman, but a ruffian,
without feeling or honor, regardless of both in
others To see such a man is to know h,s ruling
passions, his weapons of warfare—envy, revenge,
detraction, calumny.
Sir, it is to be p-esumed neither of my honor-
able colleagues [Messrs McC\rty and Ewikg]
will claim this picwe or desire the gaiment, not
being intended foi them. If, however, contrary
to my wishes and mtentiors, a claim should be
asserted, I assure the House and my honorable
colleague? [Messrs McCarty and Euing] that
nothing shall be charged for the cutting or the
making
Mi Speaker, I was elected by a highly resoect-
able distnct as their immediate representative, to
aci. in harmonious concert with my honorib'e col-
leagues in promotirg theb<st interest of the people
of lnd.ana, to muintí. n their interests, theu honor,
the Union, the dignity of ill s House, ard not to
tatmsh the one or reelect the other by entering
into a private quanel wnh them.
Sn, there is a point nine scale of human degra-
dation, to notice or look at no honorable man will
descend There is a larguage a d men not,
surely, 11 this House to notice eithei, isdisgiace—
to disregard, a Mitue
Mi Speater, I feel myself called upon to say
one word in leid'ion to my-eif Dunng the last,
and so fai of the present session, I hr.e been at
my post, not a day or en houi absei t I have
\oted on all Occa'iOi s, ha%e Leen tie watchful
end, to the event of nv r up ble abi'mes, the
faithful sentn el o n ^he r ghts and ire 1 o nr of
the d.stnct -id Sate I represe! t Up! ke my
honeiable colle>gueai my rignt, [Mi McCai ty,]
tl e Clerk of tm* leuse Ins not dished his pin
aciosb ny ^jsme "s i>bs°nt in the taking iue yeas
atu! 'he i a>s eighty and two times, and unlike my
colleague on the left, [Mr EwihG,]toity and seven
times
S i, my sin seems to consist chiefly in the fait,
that 1 took occas on to «ay of th  people of In-
diara, that they were as pure, 1 onest, ai d i igh-
m.nued es tne uuzens of any otner S^-ts   ii. these
188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
February 3,
general terms of commendation, the constituents
of my colleagues [Messrs. McCarty and Ewing]
were included. They claim tins special privilege
themselves. That when they want praise, or their
interests require a defender, that their constituents
look to them.
On the eighty-two occasions when my colleague
[Mr. McCarty] was absent, a part of which time
he was in Baltimore and Philadelphia, and of my
other colleague [Mr. Ewing] on forty-seven occa-
sions, what would have been the condition of their
constituents, had their honor or their interests re-
quired an advocate?
Sir, I shall never shrink from stepping forward
as the advocate of any and every portion of In-
diana, when, in my judgment, the irinterests or
their honor shall require it at my hands.
This, sir, is a most useless and unpleasant dis-
cussion—a wanton waste of the time of the House,
and the noney of the people, and all this occa-
sioned by my colleagues, by this wanton and un-
called for assault. How much better, how much
more honorable, if my colleagues had vied with
me, in serving our common constituents, to force
through this House, by all proper means, the
various local and general bills in which they feel
so much interest; to which the people of the State
look with so much anxiety.
In this laudable strife I will most cheerfully
engage. I have no other object or motive. All
my aspirations are for the public good—the inter-
est and honor of my constituents.
I ask pardon of the House for having detained
them so long, assuring the House and my col-
leagues, that on no future occasion I shall consider
it a duty to notics them, other than in manly and
honorable debate, in promoting the interest of my
constituents and the people of the State.
Mr. McCARTY. This controversy, Mr. Speak-
er, is unpleasant, but it is not of my seeking. It
has been forced upon me, and although uninter-
esting to this House, I must be permitted to say
one wordin reply to the gentleman's [Mr. Lane's]
remarks, in reference to the non-appearance of my
name upon the list of yeas and nays, upon several
occasions. I had been repeatedly informed, during
the last and present session of Congress, by sev-
eral honorable members of this House, as well as
several of its officers, that the gentleman [Mr.
Lanjb] was in the habit of examining the Clerk's
books, and taking extracts from them, to show
the absence of his colleagues, whan their names
were called: and I have, Mr. Speaker, known,
that he had written on to my district, and pub-
lished this fact, accompanied with other remarks,
regardless of truth, disreputable and unbecoming
the station he fills.                                                    °
But I could not believe it possible that the gen-
tleman would have had the face, hard and un-
blushing as I know it is, to have got up in this
House, before the assembled representatives of
the nation, and voluntarily given testimony to his
own depravity. Has there ever before been an
instance of a member of Congress, no matter by
what accident he may have got here, who has had
so little regard for himself as to have descended
to so low and disgraceful a practice? What! a
member of Congress, representing a highminded,
intelligent, and patriotic people, ¡n the constant
habit of taking, if not filchine, from the Clerk's
papers, means by which to charge arid slander his
colleagues at home! Not only so, but that he
should openly acknowledge and avow it here, in
aepeech logo forth to thecountry. When f shall
have so far lost sight of all principles of propriety,
courtesy, and honorable deportment towards my
colleagues and this House, with assumptions of
saint-like sanctity, with the pretensions of regard
which the gentleman in his snsech the other'day
professed for his colleagues, and at the same time
make such disclosures of my own conduct, as the
gentleman has of himself upon this occasion, I
should feel myself no longer worthy the trust
connded to me.
I have known for a long time the gentleman had
indulged in this habit, but for the honor of the
State, and the feelings of those he represents, I
forbore to speak of it. f preferred to risk the
in jury he intended to in flirt upon me, by ¡his course
of conduct, rather than it should be generally
known (hat one who could or would descend to ■
such a practice, held a seat in this Hall. But it
can be concealed no longer; he has himself made
this disclosure.
Sir, I will pursue this subject no further. It is
painful to speak of it. I will leave the gentleman
to enjoy all the honor and glory he may have fan-
cied himself to have acquired by publishing his
own infamy; and I will not, sir, descend to notice
anything he may say. One word in reference to
myself, upon the subject of my absence from my
seat on some occasions, unon the call of the yeas
and nays. You know, Mr. Speaker, that mem-
bers are necessarily and unavoidably many times
absent from their seats, in the discharge rjf their
various duties in the committee rooms, and at the
public offices, in addition to their absence some-
times from sickness. I know this is not a matter
for discussion here—that it is a subject between
me and my constituents, and to whose judgment
and decision I will most cheerfully submit it; and
with no fearful apprehensions of the result, when
I return among them and submit the Journals of
this House, that they may know ho v often I
have been absent from my seat, during the four
years they have honored me with their confidence.
1 have not examined them, nor will I. My con-
stituents have not yet complained of any neglect
of attention to their interest; and when they do,
permit me to tell the gentleman he is the last man
on the floor of this House whom they would call
upon, either for aid or information. Sir, many of
my constituents know that man; yes, sir, they
know him, and, thank Heaven, many who do not
know him personally, know his character, and
what estimate to Dut upon it.
Mr. EWING.' Mr. Speaker, "How use doth
breed a habit in a man." The member [Mr.
Lane] has strongly exemplified the truth of this
remark—contradicting, yet persisting in the truth
of all he has said. After disclaiming, on a former
occasion,any wish lo detract from his colleagues'
standing, avowing himself unworthy of a seat on
this floor when he should be capable of doing so,
the House now sees that he still resorts to false
and injurious charges, direct and implied, to ac-
complish the purpose of his original falsehood
which my colleague [Mr. McCartv] and myself
have distinctly exposed. His disposition and
habits are thus clearly manifested in his course,
and I disdain to animadvert further. If the charge
that I have been absent during the lastand present
sessions forty times, when the yeas and nays were
called, was intended to impress the people of Indi-
ana that 1 have neglected the business of the State,
or my immediate constituents, my reply is, that
the charge is false. I may, for aught I know,
have been absent as often as he has stated when
the yeas and nays were called upon collateral ques-
tions; but if he'intended to intimate that I have
been in Baltimore or Philadelphia while the House
was in session—[HereMr. Lane said he had not
asserted any sucn thing ] Mr. Ewing resumed:
Then let that pass. The member [Mr.- Lane]
omitted to mention the number of times himself
and his other colleagues had been absent. Por
myself, ¡ have so much office business to transact,
that the number of nws'ng votes are fewer than I
had apprehended. Dut with one exception—last
session, in relation to the Bank of the United
States, not conceived to be properly before the
House—I have never avoided a vote, nor lost one
by neglect.
The melancholy circumstances alluded to by the
member, [Mr. Lane,] as a pretext for much he
has said,l will notrotice; but his implied censure
of my course i ran only regard with contempt.
On this, as on  all other occasions, I have done
what duty to my self and constituents required-.and,
holding myself  kvays ready to reciprocate kind- i1
ness, I am equally prepared tj resent imposition,   I
insult,and injury.    I willonlyadd thatthecharge j
of envying the member is too ridiculous to require I
any other correction than flatdenlal.   Icanneither ||
envy nor imitate that member, in his principles, ¡I
pretensions, disposition, or character.     He has !|
said that it is " a wanton waste of time"to correct ¡Í
all his misrepresentations.    1  now join in  that ji
opinion,  and abstain  from  adverting to  many, ||
which, I trust, the people at home are sufficiently- ji
advised   to appreciate as they deserye.    Of this it
number I pasa over his preposterous pretension !i
l to extraordinary services in this House, and his
remark upon politicians who "abandoned their
first love." All such impositions can be detected
without notice here, and 1 think it unnecessary to
say more.
Mr. PLUMMER said he was very anxious for
the passage of this resolution; but he had ascer-
tained, and was authorized to state thar, if that
part relating to the production of a map was re-
tained, the call could nut be answered during the
present session of Congiess. He wished to sub-
mit a motion to strike out that part relating to
maps.
The CHAIR stated the question was on the
amendmentsubmittedby the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and asked the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Ptr/MMSR] if he wished to offer an
amendment to that?
Being answered in the negative,
Mr. CLOWNEY asked for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was not sustained by one-fifth, the
requisite number of votes.
Mr. CLAY then submitted an amendment, con-
stituting a select committee on the subject. He
remarked, that neither himself nor constituents
could have any personal interest in the matter,
but he believed the proposition he had just sub-
mitted indicated the most suitable course for the
House to pursue.
Mr. LOVE opposed this amendment; and on
the question of its adoption demanded the yeas and
nays.    They were ordered.
And after some conversation between Messrs.
BOON, LOVE, and ASHLEY, they were taken,
and the amendment was rejected: Yeas 22, nays
Mr. PLUMMER then moved to strike out that
part of the resolution relating to maps.
Mr. GRENNELL opposed the motion. He
thought it would tend to defeat the principal object
of the resolution, as the maps and surveys were
deemed to constitute the most important informa-
tion sought for. It was not the separate plats
that were desired, as seemed to be the impression
of some gentlemen, but a single and general map;
and he could not think the expense or trouble
would be so great as to prevent the call being
answered at the present session. However that
might be, he deemed the map of sufficient impor-
tance to justify the delay. When it was known
that this investigation .was ordered and progres-
sing, that fact alone would have a tendency to
deter further frauds, if any now existed.
Mr. PLUMMER, after expressing his readiness
to be governed by the opinions of gentlemen
around him, in facilitating business, withdrew his
motion to amend.                                           *
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution,as reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs; and it was adopted without a di-
vision.
On motion of Mr. MAÑN, of New York,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 3, 1835.    .
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of A.J. Donll-
s<™, Esq., hij Private Secretary, giving informa-
tion that he had approved and signed the bill
making 'an appropriation to repair the military
barracks at New Orleans.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the revenue
which accrued from the duties upon merchandize,
for the year 1833.
Also,a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the appropria-
tions made for the naval service for the year 1834.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting abstracts of the general returns
of the militia of the United States
MEMORIAL PRESENTED.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
convention of delegates assembled at Brownsville
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation to im-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
prove the Monongaheia nver, from Brownsville to
l'iUKlvir."-!!", whictt was referred to me Committee
on Commerce.                                                               (
RCP/IiTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. S1LS13EE, from the Ciromittee on Com-
meice, to which sundry pe'itions on the subject
weie referred, reported a bill fr:i g the number
and nay of the custom-house officers of the Uni-
ted S.a'es;  which was read twice, and made, the
spe'iai orJei f^r Monday next.
Mr. PüINDEXí'ER, from th.
;ie Committee on
Pu.'iiC Land?, Vi which was referred the bill sup-
plementary to the lie granting preemption rights
to settlers on the public lands, rep,i ted the same
without amendment; and gave notice that v/hen
the bill should be called up, he would move for
its indefinite posfoooement.
Mr. POINDEXPER, from the same commit-
tee, reported a b.ll for the relief of the heirs of
James Laiham, deceased.
Mr. P01NDEXPER, fiom the same commit-
tee, to which was reco-umuted the bill for the
relief of Duncan L. Chnch, repoited the same
with an amendment, which was c incurred in, and
the bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of citizens of Michihmackniac, praying a
grant of a township of land to md in the instruc-
tion of Indian youths at that place; and the com-
mittee were discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to prov.de for
the transoortaiion of the mail and other property
of the United States, on the eastern section of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Cana!; which was read the
first time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of Timothy M. Ranneau.
Mr. ROB BINS, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a j )int resolution authorizing an
equestrian bronze statue of Washington to be exe-
cuted; which was read twice, and referred to the
Library Committee.
The resolution submitted by Mr. CLAY, de-
claring that the resolutions from Alabama, in-
structing their Senators to use their exertions to
have the resolution of censure, adopted by the
Senate at the last session, expunged from the
Journals, oaght not to be teceived, wa3 taken up
for consideration.
Mr. CLAY said, that when he submitted the
resolution, he stated that he did not intend any
action on it, until some movement should be made
relative to those resolutions.. Till then, he moved
to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution submitted by Mr. WAGGA-
MAX, for an inquiry, by a select committee, into
the expediency of establishing a branch of the
United States Mint at New Oileans, was taken
up, considered, ynd agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a joint resolution author-
izing tne purchase of certain paintings now in t is
city, to be placed in the President'.! House.
Mr. P. remarked, that the paintings which it
was in contemplation to purchase, might be ar-
rayed gracefully m the President's House, and in
places, too, where they were needed. lie thought
the expenditure wits within the powers delegated
by the C institution, and as vast txpeudiiuies had
already been made for ornaments of that building,
he thought this one q ute as appropriate—oue
which would last for ages, and would be honor-
able to u.e nation. lie moved in this matter, be-
cause he could not 'ne suspected of being actuated
by any persona! feeling. He had not been in that
House for twenty years, and thought it probable
he might not be in it for twenty years tocóme;
but he thought the paintings would be appropri-
ate and tasteful to the house,and therefore ne had
oifered the proposition to purchase them.
The resolution was read the first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
The amendments made by the Jlouse to the
joint resolution authorizing a gold medal to be
ftruck and presented to Lieut. Colonel Croghan,
and swords to the officers who were under his
command at Fori. Sandusky, were taken up, and
concurred in.                                                    r
H ¡USE BILLS.
I    The following bills fiom the House were taken
up, read twice, and committed:
The bill making appropriations for thecivil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the vear
1835;                                                                     '
The bill for the relief of Thomas Buford;
The bill amending the act for constructing a
bridge over the Potomac at Washington city, and
repealing all othu- acts relating thereto; and
A joint resolution authoring a gold medal to
be struck in honor of the battle of the Cowpens.
REGISTER OP DEBATES.
The joint resolution aulhorizir.z the purchase of
Gales & Beaton's Register of Debates, to sup-
p'y the new Senators at the present session, was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
, Mr. HILL desired that a day might be assigned
for considering this subject, which lie thought
required some investigation; and suggested Tues-
day next.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to lay it on the
table, for the purpose of allowing further time to ■■
obtain certain infoimation which the Senate had
required  the Secre'ary of tiie Senate to obtain; ;
winch was agreed to.                                                  I
MODE OF ELECTING SENATE PRINTER.       !
The joint resolution repealing a joint resolution
prescribing the mode of electing the printer of the
' Senate, cune un on a second reading.                      ¡
Mr. BENTON said he did not think it neces-
sary that this resolution should go to a committee.
A commitment was only necessary to examine <
details or investigate principles.   Such was the ¡
case with the force act two years ago, which was ,
not committed, because  there was   but a single
point in it.    Neither were the rules of the Senate
imperative on this subject, and there was nothing
in this proposition which required the supervision :
of a committee, for the point was a single one.
Cut his objection to sending it to a committee was
more substantial,   it was because, two years ago, ]
a similar proposition intioduced and submitted to
a committee, which the committee did not find
leisure to act on until the time had gone by which
it was designed to apply to—until after the elec-
tion of the public printer had taken place, which .
: the resolution was intended to prevent. Then it
came back without the crossing of a ¡, or the dot-
ting of an i.    He no  objected to the commit-
. ment for the same reason. He would not move to
refer the resolution, but he asked the action of
the Sena'e on it at once.
Mr. MANGÜM thought it ought to be referred,
and we cou'd have a "report in .1 day or two.
The proposition was an imnortant one—going to
change the usages of this House, which were of
fifteen years' standing. He moved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON said, he resumed his seat for the
purpose of giving an opportunity to any member
to make a motion to refer, if necessary. He was
not a member of the committee indicated by the
gentleman who had jast sat down. He would
baiely state, that it v/ae the inherent right of
every public body to provide itself with iis own
officers; and since the íesolution of ISIS—'19 had
been in force and opeiation.be looked on the pub-
lic printer as an officer of ¡he House, and a very
, responsible one. Under tiie Constitution of the
United States, it belongs to each House to choose
its own officers. In this view he considered the
existing resolution a dead letter, which might well
be disregarded by both Houses. But he did not
wish to proceed in this way. As the act was
upon the statute-book, he proposed to remove it
in the ordinary way.
Mr. POINDEXTER said, if we adopted the
resolution, we would be nine montha_ without
a public printer; anil the simple question was,
whether we should leave no printer in existence,
or choose one in advance. The i0.er he thought
best.
Mr. MANGTJM said, as there seemed to be an
important piinciple involved in the proposition, he
would move to refer it to the Judiciary Committee,
instead of the one he indicated, who could very
speedily act upon it.
Mr. BENTON*said the whole object of sending
it to a committee was to perfect its details. He
had no objection to its going to a committee, or
preference for any particular one if it would re-
turn again. But he was not willing to let it go to
the tomb of the Capulets, never to return. As to
having a printer in the recess, it was an abuse
which had grown up of late vears. Before the
passage of the resolution of 1818-19, the Clerk
of the^ House, and the Secretary of the Senate,
were directed to make provision for having the
public printing executed. When that resolution
passed, it changed the mode by which the print-
ing had been done. It was passed on the 3d
March, 18 9, just at the breaking up of Congress,
and one of the terms embraced in it, was, that
the printer was to give bond for the prompt and
faithful execution of the work. Prompt was the
word first used, and if he failed in having it exe-
cuted promptly, the Cierk and Secretary were to
go on and have it executed as they had formerly
done, and if any loss accrued thereby, ft was to
be at his expense. The vacation printer then,
was an abuse which had grown up since that
period. And no sooner was he thus created than
he went to work immediately, to instemti, to rum-
mage the old documents and files, to find out
every possible kind of printing which could be
done—obtain authority for doing it, and let it lie
over for the vacation. And so successful had the
printers been in this work, that members some-
times were the innocent cause of procuring print-
ing to be done to the amount of thousands of
dollars, which was not worth as many cents. One
job, within his recollection, which it was said
would cost $1.500, had since cost §46,000, which
was not worth one straw; and which notone mem-
ber would read after it was finished. Another
document was in his eye on the table, containing
630 pages, with a great proportion of it table work,
forwhich he believed three prices was paid. This
work was ordered to be done on the 9ih Decem-
ber, 1834, and it had just been laid on our tables.
Mr. B. said let any gentleman look over it, and
see what was contained in it, that was not printed
before, and then say what use he could make of it.
In a short time we should have another portion of
it coming in by instalments.
And thus while we were receiving instalment
after instalment, and octavo volume after octavo
volume, not one document in it would be read,
and if it should be read, itwould beof no manner
of use afterwards. It was a mere farce, and an
abuse which resulted by having an officer in vaca-
tion. The Senate were engaged in looking for
abuses in the administration of the Government,
and none v^ere so great as those which existed in
this body. Within seven years the Senate had
put on its seven league boots, and had taken
strides of twenty-one miles at a time. It became
us to look at our own conduct, and arrest the
extravagant abuses which this business of print-
ing had engendered. It had degenerated into
making fat jobs for the printer, and presents to
ourselves; and while another matter was in hia
recollection, he would take the opportunity to
oiTer a compliment to the honorable gentleman
from Georgia, which he well merited, for having
arrested at the last session, when it was about to
pass almost sub st/raiio, a project which would
have taken thousands more from the Treasury.
He would inquire of that honorable gentleman
whether he Lad made a calculation of the probable
expense of that projected job, and how much it
was ?
Mr. KING replied, that he cou'.d not answer
the inquiry accurately, but from the best inform-
ation he had obtained, it would have been about
$30,000
Mr. BENTON observed, after that, he would
no more.
Mr. LEIGH.    What was the proposition ?
Mr. KING It was for reprinting the old Jour-
nals, &.c, of Congress.
The resolution was then referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The bill making an appropriation of five millions,
190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February S,
to satisfy claim's for spoliations made on Amer-
ican commerce by France prior to 1800, came up
on its third reading and final passage.
Mr. HILL said it was generally understood, he
believed, in the Senate, and he hoped it would be
also by the American people, that the last section,
aided to the bill at the suggestion of the honoia-
ble gentleman from Mame, [ Vír Ssiepley,] would
not, and could not bar the further prosecution of
these claims. Before he concluded, Mr. II asked
for the yeas and nays on the passige of the bill;
which were oidered, and aie as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Clay-
ton, Ewing, Frelinghuysen,Goldsborough,Kent,
Knight, Mctiean, Moore, Naudam, Poindexter,
Porter, Pientiss, Preston, Robbing, Snepiey, Sila-
bee, Smith, Southard, Switt, Tipton, Tomhnson,
Webstei-25.
NAYS—Vlessis. Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbeit, Grundy, Henducks, Hill, Kane,
King of Alabama, Km  of Georgia, Leigh, Lmn,
Mangum, Moms, Robinson, Tallmadge, Tyler,
White, Wught—20
So the bill passed.
PRIVATE BILLS  PASSED.
The bill fir the íelief of Divul M„Coid, a bill
foi the relief of Cbustopher I". Buley, and a bill
supplementary to a i a„t allowing the pe >ple of
Louisiana to settle the back lands, were severally
lead a th.id time and passed
ALLOWANCE OT INTERCST.
Tne bill for allowing interest on certain claims
to the heirs of Lucy Bond andotheis, being under
consideration,
Mr. WRIGHT said he was constrained to op-
pose its passage. He believed it a violation of the
rules and principles established by tin' Sánate,
during the last session of Congress, it was then
decided that Government ought not to pay au*h
demands, unless it was in the wiong, unless it has
Jailed to satisfy claims which had been fully estab-
lished. This subject was befoie the Senate at its
last session. As the bill came fiom the House,
by some meana several names had been stricken
fiom it, and its passage at this moe would go to
establish that a subsequent Congiess may ngnt-
fully decide on the piopnety of the acts of a pie-
cedmg Congress, in relation to claims íeje-te 1 by
them. If for once this were established, what
would be the condition of Congiesa, liable to be
perpetuttllyharaased by every clamant? Mr. W.
here alluded to the bill just passe I, (thespolutum •
bill,) Vhich had been be'ore Congiebs since 1802.
Are wo to adopt (said Mi. W ) the principle that-)
every preceding Congiebs was in the wrong, and
we in the light? 1 fe was not willing to allow that j
any claim was due until it had been successfully '
prosecuted and allowed by Congress.                       '
Mr. SMITH chained the rmnnerin which the
names had been left out thiougli a tmsttke made
in the committee, and abo why i.neieat had not
been allowed befoie.
Mr. LEICEI was glad (he Ran!) the Senator
fiom New York [ Vlr. Wii..m] had biought the ,
consideration of this su',|eU büoie the  Senate. I
He had no need of itifoimmg thut gentleimn, that
he fully a£ieed  with him  in the"" m..in, but  he j
merely rose to inform him of the rujes that hud ¡
been adopted on thu sub|ect     Ueie Mr. L. reíd
a n port to the Scna'c made on another subject.
¡Vlr. WtU3H T wisiieJ to inquire ot the Sena-
tor i rom C-innei ucut, [Mr. Siiirn,] whether the
names stiickrn fiom the bill at the last session,
was done by older of the Senetc or by mistake ?   i
Mi   bMIl 1Í was not po^i.ive on that ¡joint
Mi    VV. re uned: lie be! eved this claim had 'I
been phi cl o,i its tiut g.oumls,—that we are act-  I
lug on a eu1 ,-ct which had already been "fjecied
by one branch ot'.the Gov eminent.    Mr. \V  con-
cluded by as'tng the ye¿t, and nays, whiUi were
ordeied                                                                          I
Aft i LO'ne further debi'e between Mcsi"
WR1GH1, LEIGH, SHCPLEY, IIILL, and ,
PRENTISS, cl-iii'ig wheh Mi HILL lead a '
letter showing trie manner in wh ch claims of this |l
kind were hunted up by speculators and piesented n
to Congress, the question was put, and decided ,
bv veas and nays ac fohovs                                      L
YnVS—\lcsers. Dibb, CUy,Cuthlert,Ew>,ig
l'rm .jjl.uyotii, CJu^aoiOi ¿h, Ilciidudfi, Ktut,
Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Pom-
dexter, Porter, Robbms,Shepley,Smith, Southaid,
Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, White—23.
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Biown,Grundy,Hill,
King of Alabama, King of Geoigia, Knight, Mor-
ns,  Naudam,  Prentiss,   Robinson,   Tallmadge,
Tipton, and Wright—14.
So the bill pissed.
Mr POINDEXTER asked to be excused from
serving longer as a member of the Committee on
the Library; which was granted
Tne Senate then proceeded by ballot to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
POINDEXTER, and Mr. PRESTON was
elected.
A bill for tne rehef of James Middleton Tuttle
was taken up and lead the first time and oidered
to a second leading.
On motion of Mi WHITE, the bill for the
lelief of Silas D. Fisher was considered and
ordered to be lead a third time.
Mr HENDRICKS gave notice that he will on
to-morrow ask lea^e to introduce a bill to allow
the inhabitants of Flonda to open a canal from
the Aptliichioli to----------
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TutiDVi, Fibiitaiy 3, 1835
After the reading of the Journal,
Mi GRCNNELL moved a call of the House,
in consequence of tne thin attendance of members;
which was agieed t>.
The iu'1 was then called in pan, when Mr.
CLAYTON moved to suspend further proceed-
ings undei the call, which was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMIT TEES.
Mr CLAYTON, fiom the Committee on the
Public La ids, reponed a bi'l ainendatoiy of the
actofSi March, 1623, in relation to piec.nrjtions
t> settlers on the puulic lands, which was' read
twice and postponed to Fnday week.
Mi. CLAYTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the lelief of Thomas M. Ber-
naul; which was read twice and committed.
Mi OUAMBERS, fiom the Committee on
Piwate Line! Claims, lepoited, without amend-
ment, the bill fiom the Senate for the íelief of M.
do Cañera; which was committed.
Mr. PAUKElt, fiom the Committee on Naval
Afluís, íeported a bill for the iehef of Samuel
W   Ruff; which was read t.vice and commuted.
Mr CASIiY, fiom the Committee on tin. Pub-
lic Landj, íepoited, without amendment, the bill
fiom the Senate for- the lelief of Euzibeth Mc-
(j.u lei, of Mississippi; which was committed.
Mr SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Conimtice, reponed a bill to allow diawbacks of
dutiej on merclnndize exported from the United
States, via Musoun, to the provinces of New
Mexici, wluch was lead twice and committed.
Mi ADA\33,fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pen-ions, reported a bill gianting a pension to
Suloman Case, which was lead twice and com-
muted                       *
Mi JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
m.ltee on Mihta.y Afftue, repoued a. hi'l making
an ppprop. latum tor the lepan of the fortifications
on Caslle Island, in Boston haibor; which was
lead twice and committed.
Mi BOCKEE, fiom the Committee on Agri-
cultuie, made a íeport in relation to the cukuie
and manufacture of silit m the United States,
which was committed
Mi. SCUENCK, fiom the Committee on In-
valid Pennons,, reported a bill for the relief of
Jicob Stewar*, which was read tv/ice and com-
mitted
Mi. SCIIENCK, from the same committee,
reimried a bill foi the íelief of El ja.h Blodgett;
which was read twice find committed
Unfavorable rcpoits upon various petitions
weie made bv Messrs CHANEY, BARRIN-
GER, MILLER, VNTHOMY.CARR.ADAMS,
of ?Jew Yoik.ljOYALL, LEA., of Tennessee,
T II HALL, aira INGE, wlucn were laid on the
tabic.
Mi    CAKIt, ftou the Cuiii'muto on Pin ate
Land Claims, made unfavorable reports upon the
petitions of Joseph W. Hegeman, John 1Í. GclT,
and Woodson Wren, which were ordered to he
on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committeeon the Public
Lands, reported the following resolution; which
"/as oidered to lie on the table for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be dnected to cause an estimate to be made of the
piobable expense of constructing a levee on the
public lands on the western bank of the Missis-
sippi, and the southern bank of Red river, in the
State of Louisiana; and also an estimate of the
expense of constructing or removing obstructions
from the rivers of Arkansas and Missoun, through
| the public lands, whereon they may be necessary,
together with the probable advantages or disad-
I vantages of such works respectively; the probable
I effects upon the health and piosperity of the coun-
try in which any such works may be constructed,
and the probable quantity, quality, and value of
land belonging to the Uni'ed States, which will be
reclaimed by the construction of any such levees,
and make íeport theieof to the next Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY, by leave, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required
to furnish this House with annual and detailed
statements of the expenses which have occurred
on the transpoitationand disbursement of money
appropnated for the payment of Indian annuities
for the yeais 1833 and 1834, showing the amount
paid, and such claims, if any, as have been sub-
mitted for payment, and rejected by the Depart-
ment.
Mr PARKS offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to this House the report
of Major Hartman Bache of the reconnoissance
for a road through the northern  frontier of the
State of Maine, made by him in pursuance of
instructions from the War Department.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the information called for by a
resolution of this House of the 14'h ultimo, re-
questing the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish
copies of the decisions of the Commissioners on
PnvateLind Claims at Mackinaw, Green Bay,
and Píame du Chien, in the Terntory of Michi-
gan, be piepared in season to be submitted at the
commencement of the next session of Congress.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP,
Resolved, That the Committee.on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Bluff
Creek post office, in Fayette county, Tennessee,
to Landspung post office, in stud countyi
On motion of Mr. MAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed  to inqune mto the expedi-
ency of causing a suivey of the Illinois nvei to be
made, fiom us junction with the Mississippi to
the town of Ottawa.
On mot.on of Mr. GILMER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
CIairn<> inqune whether a certificate, issued by
John Pierce, Paymaster General of the United
States, to the State of Georgia, in the year 1785,
foi the sum of §23,283 70, for commutation and
other pay, advanced by that State to hei officers
on the continental establishment, has been paid,
or in any manner settled by the United States;
and if not, that said committee inquire into the
propriety of providing for the payment of the
same to the State of Georgia.
On motion of Mr GARLAND,
Resolved,Tn&i the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the post route fiom the
town of Opelousas to the settlements on the Cal-
casen river, to the Sabrne river, in the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. FERRIS, by consent, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the  Committee of Ways and
Means be i istructed to inquire into the expediency
of repealing the duty on foreign coal.
Mr. FEtlRld said tl at. in oUaiiijr tins resolu-
1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
lioijie reqaesttd ihe indulgence of the lloare,
while be ei ueaiured to  ' lain t r- r(^i-oos wlneli
inJ'i cd liirn 11 i jIi" t this uk,i !r> ,aud t  obviate
tiiioii ' f o jei u a mat Lt ajtK.pt ed would
b  tna  e to it
Da i t; fe "borl rer od ! Have hid tne horor
or <i tci )i t hi-, l! jc i, Í k v, e < j'c e1 r „• ah reso-
lu id it o< thio na ate I   p beti m t w th ci gen-
eJ o) e-tio i, deemed bv r an/ on lnsaperaole
f i e, win h s, (hut any a ttratio i of tne tanfi of
uuues on iinpor' , is onsiuer  1 fa an intfr'e ence
wuh ti e i i of A'ar h 2, 1KB, c mmor ly cJ'eu
tne G nprlniue U 1 , and tha t il- 1) il i ¡egafded
by n i ly as a corn 11 t ul uli it would be a vioia
I n of good fit h to B^er, amend, nudity, or re
] al
I re^ net as m '1 ly a5! il y o ie the no'nís n
which t a In i on 'i ittd, o id dily appieci"t in 
g tat oi]H i 111) b e'Sii gs u «j i itend u to
accomp i h and se tie and whi e i wou u io\
o i tne ¿ • und ot tx leuiTcy, disiur i i s 'cadn g
p'u ciples, r agita e qjes i ji s that hive shine 
the countiy to i ■> found inon"-, I will rot ei rink
f o i the ,e [Ji sUji it) ot seeding relief from any
part cu' r o 11e muí, occasa ned by the present
tai ü of dj l % or lefise my a1- e it to altei or
modify sue i t-.i 0, as the gjud of the couVr/ at
lai"  tie ef ie of il 3 ft eia pait , it" leíame
pOsiiii n i 'i fareig i na'ions, c if? ag'ic.jha'-al,
■ int^ct^1-! ,, uiJeoni  r  al pol cj may Iron
tini  to 1 me t-eem to   c ijir=
Ii f am >• be t ue th t lb i coi promise hi', or
tnc e it pro nises t j modity, aie no,, ..ul jeit to th 
fca n  arierdpie it ant1 re[ ea' as any other u. is, or
th ' t ie L "Mature si ho nude this cam iromioe
bid h d any au'hon y t> ¡ ird or restrain subse-
quent legi i u us  iu n tgit deem uooer 11 act
i i relation to i , or thit it \o ihl be even a vitia-
tion of g-Kii dith to do "o, lor who, l woj d a-sk,
cjuIJ pkd'e tne repiesentatives of ne people not
tore eve the i c in0 Hue its fnm ilie-opera'iun of
la*y3 pi oved by reason anil exnenence to be u^j ist
or prCjUdt i 1 li the ab ence of consu utto"al
ob ec ) is, qjest cms of this kind mast be dete-m
ifd wi h refe ei ce to the r expediency and tne
righ e ir d irterests of the natío-, at d of a i ts
parts
Should ojr rcluti/e position wi'n a foreign na-
tion bechanced fiom a pat iñc toa belhgerer' st*"e,
ail w I1 aiiin that it would be o ir duty to modify
ooi tariff of duties oO is to meet he e v ctrcum-
siances and rela runs in which we wou'd ue p «ccd,
and t mt our necessities migh* induce us to en-
couii^e the importtllion of articles wnich, under
ot ]<■- circumstan,"es) it vomd be our policy toev-
c ude
All will reauily admit that u a foi'^n pat on
shou 1 cl an 'e her commerc a no i y ..) /arda "ie
Oni ed S ati , ar i alt-r her ajste'n of dj "s so
a  male! uliy to i^eot oi r ia\ i^"Mon u id inheres'*3,
or snould v o'a^e ti e provisions of a tieaty by
wl ich the commerci ' intercoUí>e b tv e°v t ie tivo
coaiuries I id be"n 'eju at«d,il at i' i ii"hi. be"or e
necessary fo- u-> 'o coat teiact tntse r >,„ es uy
a coi i e«poiu mg action on oi r pil , in re i .on to
0   i tir 1   uuties
irdi, fiom e\pene ire ti e di > or an> ar ic'e
of impon -h 11 Le loui d to be e\ti mp y p-inal
aili ipr  «ne to a p-it u'"i n- ion of he coun-
ti ,, by retso l of it en an cubed opet uoi—M
piodjic 1 t 'it le leien ie, but tin li t'e i il ected
tivii a few tor th  ' ei if ot tie many, odious
fron it« niñea-- i s   11  i n e of the neresaines of
1  fc, ii > fon i s if rv i att re, beinn¿ hard upon
the n ist n eily iss <f oui m/en' is it not
eq a'lv ende i tint iiidence , istue, and policy,
uiuld cu fir t t irmis ion, either mimeiia ely
irpio i ettiveh , as circunis, anees i ay reader e\-
I e hei
O J no the (impio^isebill it«e f ori^ natefiom
cnt,f t us Kind ind i\as it not m'enile1 ti
i= i  i the rumit v bom the o[ e \tion of taxes,
a c„e 1 t) lei nnp| inlly mJ o¡>¡ re<- ielyoi
pi-t il u pruts,and i Iromacti lent,int i\ei ence,
i  ^lft oi i it n i it o K ii wledije ol tr e op- a ion
' I v ( i in ir dutv , •■£1 tf v as not íuini i tered
bv in cotni r inn e b d  h"ll thei  le no re i J\ '
Xie he i isorle;i itinn fo eiei sed ijamst
tie | i s elrlis- .terms  hey did not cid pi un
(i fien nei i ice al the tu n th s bill was ti Ser
d   ., i s on, or add to the noublc of the nation
when tne North was arra>ed a«rju ist the South,
and coiilic tng interests frou^ed the pa -iODB of
men m bit cr ro,t nty' Wh n our courtr>, torn
with dissension aid thieatened with evil -war,
filled the pair d w th the most gloomy apprehen-
tions for the futme, uhi'e the er emies of our
pohtical sy«em rejo red , i t>-e pio-rect of i's dis-
solut'on ' if the represer tai ves or ti s pcop'e shall
be convinced mat any porunn rc the cotimurrty
sulers unequal buidens, and Cfiseqient opp>-es I
tion, 1 feel every corf Jence trat tht.r sense of I
justue wih a¡if ly the remedy
liieresoiunop L'^me you nico esihi" mqu r> ,
aad opon exammatio i i  w u jo found that the
duty on for.i^n caa , a rnrnaiy p(Ctss .y oí life,
is oneof the most od < v ,oope«swe and uneqaal
tixe  eier im ios  I by ■> nee Ufve mrent on a
fie  people, u ider s muir cu ums a ce« The
tax on h'-nl 11 Engl md, the res It oi i  ¡ nee s<n
ties, ausi>i< from piotr^fd w r-, d 5_ not ream
th  'abonng Classes 0 rt.t on ieat, equ va ent
tooie hunured per ce t o i tl t. fn "ost ot the
ma'enal that piuduces it, extend? *i tne poorest
or the very poji, and is t AoOueJ n irle oí peace,
and in the ' ndot of a )i ntlapce, v;i hiiii necessity
to excuse, oi reason to jiist fy ¡t
Dy the act of the 10 i of August, 1"93, a daty
of three cents per bajel wsi lu d o i Ijrc gn coi I
By the act of April, Iblb, this du y was in
creabed to five cen s per ne-iotd buihe'
Dy the act ot May, IT-'4, it w s fuither in-
creased to sik < ents pir heip<.j ' ashel The act
of July, ]>3J l"ft it in in s situa 10 , although
su j ^t to the general op r tun oi hecomprom se
mil Coal is not amo gt e pr icles enarreraied
in the fifth section of that Lid, in I e aJmi ted to
er t-v iiee o(*('uty after the 30 h of June   ]£4T
By a s atement furnished rre fiom tne freasu-y
Department, it appears t! at tne aggregate amou t
of coal tmpurfd nto t1 - Ui i ed biates dunrg the
yea*- ending tne JO h of S pt  -bei, 1bG4, Mas
1,6-6,1^.5 ' i si els, oi which lie duties amounted
t> the sam ot J.94,425 J' at er dndjcting one
t-nth of the excess ot twenty per cent iut' onz d
oy the act of ¡Vaich 2, 1833 Ti e (times on the
coal unno-ted mio the city of ISTew Yoik a'one,
the same yea', amounted to the sum of ^4),119 27
The rncom  derived f orr tins du y is paid i to
the Treasary of the Gereral Groveinment, and
aoched to t >e use of tl e v Hole An e can people
lhe wealthy lancho dei, w'nse rorest s q pi es
n,m wuh fuel, is as mucn oe <.u ed by tuis nx,
83 the poor tenant of a <■ unet or celiui 11 the city,
who feels happy if he i n  -uhei his hungry and
si iv nng fam 1/ over a f coals, wn 1st the wn-
•er stom is how u gerounJ 1 scom'bi l ssdwell-
n  C it i 1 ough th  be letii rf tl e tax extends
to the whole coi mu ) ty it ia pa I Ly r part only,
and tha' par b tasmi'ltacte i ic i complied
n the popul-ion of He tl 'JMi^ Thevvho'e
of this tax,  xcept so ft>- <s i mw i quence the
pr ce of maruff'u'-cs. is pad by the Atlantic
cities and the n hull a ts of t1 e - \ic.nty, of
winch tl e ci'y of IN ew Yo k a id " vicinage pay
aoout one ha'f, and upon c\armrat on it wll be
fourd tha' the corstniers of f u gn coai emount
to less ttantwo hunditü thoi^ani persoiswho
pay this tax, vhich goes in o tie com non Treas-
ury, ol upwaids of twei e v II ons c o op   Is
not this ui eq ml ai d urji si' But, 2 r, it ¡s op
pressive al 0 The ml  b'arts cf the inteiior
have the r fuel at a r-odera e price ger erally for
tie meiecos of the 'aboi cf proctt "■* it To
'h  mhabita i" oí a city fue' is 01 e or the neaucst
Hut'iens le has to snu'der thr Jgl if , 1 is
one 0! the largest items 11 e  r> fn 's firrily
expenses, and fortunate are those v • o, by frugal
industry, can obta 11 it Van s i'Ter from coid
and hu"ger durmg our l«pg \ r t s, re,o ced if
ihey can gatTTei a few chins, ■=  v da ,or lanneis'
bark, after beirg  rounu an 1 u ed for tarnmg
purposes, to hmdl«\ «moulueni g fiit oier wl ich
to warm themselves the - w , and 1 it   oies
This is no picture o' the fm j i> is iteiall ' true,
ind those who haie I vet in a hi  e city 1 ke New
"ioiK, and who hue leen c-l c i upon to visit the
«.bodes cf nmtity and wre cl  diio s, wid vouch
fir the coriectness of my st<> enen s ^nd ' am
peisuaded, that it the Amerntn 1 >>ple become
acquainted « t.i the du icul v -iiT'e^ ense 01 pro
curing fjel in cities, and the misery nnny suSfei
for the wan' o' it, they vvoo'd epprove of the
remies.on of this dutv, wnic^ makes ihe poor
man's home still moie wretel ed
Ino e who ae idei i fiom it, wdl certainly
notcomplan Ard 1 apneil to thel,et>erfeenng=sor'
our nature, whethei tl e jiihab tan'&of tl e in tenor,
who obtain fu l fiom then foies s 01 theex'ensive
coal beds with wl ich some legions abound, and
perticuiaily whether the mha1 1 ants of the South,
and West in the erjo  m nt of mild chmatea and
fruitful soi s, wou'd wish to extort this revenue
fiom the inhabitants of the ciuee, ard add to the
diPioiilties cf tho3e who have to encoi liter long
wi teis at ¡ laces wncie fuel fiom obvious causes
is of a nigh pr ce, and where it is Bold to the poor
by the penny woith
In ordei to show *h  opera* oi of th s tax in
the ci y ot Vew York, wi'h w1 ich I am most
familial, and \ I ere it ,s most sevei !}. fc t, it will
be netessaiy to make men ion of some facts with
v. inch n ar v m y not be acquainted By a s'ate-
ment from tl e Tiea«uiy Depa-tment it appearss
that the aggrega e amount of foi e gn coal imported
into the United S at s dumg ihe year 1«33, was
2 25G,14d 1 u=iie s, en wmc 1 the daties amounted
to s}¡3a,J(¡y 58 1 iat there was im| orted mío the
ci vol JSewYoik alone, duinig the same year,
1,237 532 bushel?, on which, ihe du íes amounted
to the sum or §74,2al 92, being iiure thin one-
ha'i the entire ri¡_ nation of foie.gn coal for that
year, an 1 this coal wes consumed in tnat city and.
in 1 s immediate /ie m y, rnd sold ai an average
once of t\> enly five cu ts per bushe' By aieport
of tne cty 1 ísjector pride m omsuance of the
putei of the Common Council of the city of New
1 oik, it appeals tnat the expense of the fuel con-
sumed m ti atcity,dui iglhes me yeir,exclus ve
offjrugn, coal, mi 0 11 led to $.1,033 65b 92 add to
this amiHi it th  e t 1 atcd value of the foreign coal,
bengj.309 3Q3 and >oa have the enormou ! amount
of 4,1,398 011 92, 1 • cost of the rael for that single
jeai, exclusueof turf, chips, ard other substi-
tutes rustic use of by tl e po< 1 for be'tei 'uel, and
wi 1 out 11 cludirg tl e cos' of domestic fuel in the
adjoin ng citv if BrooMyn, which would swell the
f mount to neaily tv 0 r ii ions of dollars, ai d this
enormous cTP=ump 101 of fu l is increasing with.
the ai gmenta nr of the population and extension
of manu'actu-ing e=tab ishments Among the
articles en ir"er"ed in tie repoit of th  city in-
spector are 53 8^24 topso'apthracite coal, varying
in price from 5.8 (>4, to $6 29 per ton From the
best information l am ab'e to obtain, theenthracite
coal can be brought to the city of ISew York and
sold by retail, and y el J a fair profit at a price
varying from five dollars to six dollars and fifty
cents per ton
When it is consilered that the price of fuel of
a1! kirds is enhanced to the extent of this tax, or
r°ai'y so, a"d that the cost of fuel enters into
ail ou- domestic and manufacturing calculations,
tnat the pice of boa^d, cf bread, of 1 ght, of gas,
and of eveiy marufactuied article, fiom ahorse
si oe to a s earn e igiie, 1? more or less influenced
by it, soiie concep"on may b  formed of u eextent
of oopretj,ion occasioned by this duty to the city
of IVew Y^ik, and the o'hei Atlanfc c ties, in
prooortion to ther co"sumption of fore'gn and
tom "tic fuel
Ano her cvd flowing from this source ¡s the
oostacle this duty m'erposes to the inhabitants of
that c ty, in selecting the kind of coal best adapted
to then health, corner*, or convenience The
I AiNencan c~>al 1 troduced there, 1^ mostly of the
anthraci'e Kind ' th tne exception of the Virginia
coa', which is p 1 lcipally used for manufacturing
pui noses
The impo-tej coal is bitummo is, ard many of
our ci ízens, and -nos of the settlers from Europe,
prefer it, having been accustomed to it fiom early
lite, or beh ung the use of it more conducive to
hepl'h than tn  use of anthr ¡cite coal It can also
be used 10 moie adi~r age for steam navigation
than the anthiacite, as it produces moie ¡Same in
i's consumption by the operation oí this tax
foreign c^ai is becoming excluded from oui mar-
kets, and tie quanuty imtorted is gradually di-
mtn shmg Can any goou reason be assigned why
our ci i¿ei ss1 011 Id bet epnved of using anthracite
01 bituminous, foreign or domestic, coa' at their
I opuon, and at a price so reduced, by taking off
192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
this duty, that the humblest individual could enjoy
the comforts of a fire side, and the growth and
prosperity of our cities be promoted by lessening
the price of living in them?
If thia duty on coal was intended as a source of
revenue, it has failed of its object, as the statement
from the Treasury Department shows that it pro-
duced during the last fiscal year but $ 94,425 94,and
as the national debt is paid, and we shall have in
the Treasury an annual surplus, after discharging
all necessary expenditures, it is not required for
that object; and I submit to the good sense of the
House, whether the peace and harmony of the
country will not be better promoted by circum-
scribing our revenue to our wants, as far as may
be consistent with the protection of our national
industry, than by collecting a surplus by unequal
taxation, which will invite to extravagance in
expenditures, and engender discord and jealousy
under any conceivable plan of distribution; and I
trust it will be generally conceded that it is better
to retain among the people their own money, to
circulate through the channels of commerce and
industry,giving activity to business and vigorous
impulse to enterprise, than to accumulate it in a
National Treasury, to become the subject of con-
tention and a source of speculation for the states-
man and politician, to devise the least objection-
able mode of returning it back from whence it
came, unavoidably diminished by the expenses of
original collection and ultimate distribution, and
subject to contingent losses by defalcation and
other causes. If this duty was intended to encour-
age national industry, it has defeated its object,
for while it embarrasses commerce, increases the
expense of living, and enhanses the price of the
implements of husbandry and of most manufac-
tured articles to the farmer and consumer, it at the
same time affords no protection to our manufac-
tures, as heat is generally an agent in their pro-
duction, and any augmentation in the price of fuel
must operate to their disadvantage.
If this duty was intended to enable the coal of
our country to compete with foreign coal, it was
unnecessary for such a purpose; as, without this
duty, domestic coal can be sold cheaper than
foreign coal,and yield a fair profit; asean be easily
shown by a reference to the calculations made by
the various coal and canal companies, in their
applications for legislative patronage; and by a
fair estimate of the cost of coal at the mines, the
cost of transportation, toll, yardage, and other
incidental expenses, and the increasing facilities
of bringing it to market by railroads, canals, and
new avenues of communication, will enable it to
be sold at still more reduced prices.
Neither  do  the  coal-producing  States  derive
advantages from this duty proportionate to the
injury it causes to the districts where its opera-
tion is felt; as is evident from the prices at which
. coal is sold at the collieries.    A great portion of
the increment of the price of coal, arising from
this tax, is received by the speculators in coal,
mostly consisting of the large incorporated coal
companies, principally formed of city capitalists,
and non-residents of the coal-producing States,
who are the proprietors or lessees of the largest i
and most valuable collieries, and who retail it to
the consumer through their agents, and by monop-
olizing the market, compel the purchasers to pay
what they demand, unrestrained by the competi-
tion which foreign coal would oppose to them, if
admitted free of duty,    in order fairly to estimate
the profits of the venders of coal, it may also be
proper to observe that anthracite coal is sold in II
the city of New York  by the ton, consisting of !
the neit weight of two thousand pounds, in con- ||
formity with the statute regulation of a ton weight ]!
in the State of New Yoik, while coal ¡s purchased ',',
at many of the collieries from which the supply l|
is obtained, at the gross weight of two thousand !'
two hundred and forty pounds to the ton.               ;|
1 wouü submit to those who may wish to |
encourage the consumption of domestic edal, ¡!
whether that ol ject is promoted by unnecessarily ¡
increasing its pi ice. 1 apprehend thai the cheaper ;!
it is afforded lo the consumer, just in that pro- i
portion it V/iU force oilier fuel out of market, and
supply its place.
Liverpool and other European coals are gener-
ally biuught aa ballast by American mid foici"ti
shipping. They eould not be brought as a regu-
lar cargo, without great loss to theimporter. They
may serve sometimes to complete a return cargo
with advantage; but remit this duty, and the Nova
Scotia coal mines would pour in a supply which
would compel the large coal companies and vend-
ers of domestic coal to reduce it to a fair price;
and although at such a price it would compete
with foreign coal, yet the foreign coal would oper-
ate as a check to any unreasonable increase of
price. But waiving for the present the question
of policy, would it be a legitimate object of the
Government to promote the interest of one section
of the country to the prejudice and injury of other
sections? Is it in accordance with the principles
of our Union, with that spirit of amity and good
feeling which should exist between the members
of this great Confederacy ? Is it the meaning of
the Constitution, or was it ever contemplated by
the framers of that instrument, that the citizens of
one State should be indirectly taxed for the benefit
of a sister State? What would the farmers of
Pennsylvania say if a duty was put on plaster of
Paria, or gypsum—a material which is sent in
large quantities from the State of New York to
fertilize their lands? And there is as much reason
why foreign plaster should be taxed to enrich the
owners of plaster beds in the State of New York
as that foreign coal should be taxed to enhance
the profits of the proprietors of domestic coal
mines.
I will not examine the abstract question, how
far our Government may be authorized to raise
revenues beyond what may be necessary for the
purposes of its organization. But it will be ad-
mitted that, as a general rule, it is not in accord-
ance with the principles of sound Government to
increase the price of the necessaries of life by un-
necessary taxation. Revenue should be raised, as
far as practicable, from luxuries, with the double
view of discouraging extravagance and of placing
the burden on those who are the best able to bear
it, and who voluntarily assume the payment, by
the consumption of the articles coming under that
denomination. But if the necessities of the Gov-
ernment shall render it proper to impose duties
on the necessaries of life, they should be placed
on such articles as are of general consumption
throughout the nation; and in this point of view
a tax on salt, sugar, tea, or coffee, is far more
equitable than the one on coal. Sir, the duty on
foreign coal cannot be sustained by the arguments
that may be advanced in favor of a duty on most
other articles.
A duty on some articles of primary necessity
may be defended on the ground of public policy.
A duty may be put on sugar with a view to en-
courage its growth in our country; a duty on
woo!, to encourage the raising of sheep amongus;
upon sny product of the earth, to encourage our
agriculture; upon any manufactured articles, to
encourage the arts and enterprise of our citizens,
to enable them to compete with foreign manufac-
turers, that our wants may be supplied in time of
war, or wheu our intercourse with foreign nations,
from whatever cause, shall be suspended; with a
view to create a home market for our agricultural
produce, by diverting a part of the national labor
to manufactures, or to meet some extraordinary
national expenditure or emergency. But a duty
on coal can neither be defended on the ground of
necessity or policy. The God of nature, in his
divine wisdom, has placed extensive beds of coal
m many sections of our country; duty or no duty
they are there; in peace or war, they are there.
The price our citizens would pay for domestic
coal, without the addition of price occasioned by
this duty, will be a sufficient inducement to work
the coal mines, and the increased consumption of
domestic coal that would be created )if the lower-
ing of Us price, and the gradual augmentation of
the population, with the increasing facilities of
transportation from the mines to the market, will
at all times place it in fair competition with coal
which must be brought over the ocean at much
greater expense, with the h<>ziirds of the sea or
the expense of insurance. But even admit that
foreign coal could be brought to our Atlantic cities
cheaper than domestic coal, this circumstance
would afford no justification for so unequal a tax
as this duty ímposes, or for unnecessaiily incieas-
ing the price of fuel; and no principle of our con-
federated government established for the benefii
and protection of all its members, and guarantying
equal rights, immunities, and privileges to all its
citizens, can sanction any law or policy which
adds a factitious value to tliemineral or other pro-
ductions of some of the States, by increasing the
burdens of the other States, or that enriches one
part of the community by impoverishing the other
part. If I am answered that this duty on coal is
part of the compact formed by the compromise
bill, and was the consideration and inducement for
the coal-producing States to enter into it, 1 will
reply, that all compromises of this kind ought to
be based on the principie'of reciprocity, and are
intended to secure mutual advantages to the con-
tracting parties; that New York receives no equiv-
alent for submitting to this unequal tax on her cit-
izens, and that, in this legislative arrangement, her
interests in this respect have not received that con-
sideration to which they are entitled.
A more suitable time could not be selected to
bring forward inquiries of the itind contemplated
by the resolution. Our national debt has been
paid; one and all of us rejoice at this unprece-
dented event in the history of modern nations; so
animating to the patriots; so cheering to the Amer-
ican people of all parties. Let the joyful tidings,
as they roll along the valley of the Mississippi, or
reverberate through the hills of Maine and New
Hampshire, as they are wafted from the Atlantic
to the lakes, and spread through every part of our
country, as they reach the hamlet in the wilder-
ness, the scattered settlements of the prairies, or
the dense crowds of the city population, be fol-
lowed by the equally joyful announcement that
the Government is taking measures to lessen the
burthens of the people, so far as the same can be
done consistent with national faith, and a due
regard to our great manufacturing, agricultural,
and commercial interests, and while our statesmen
are devising the means of disposing of the surplus
revenue accumulating in the national Treasury,
let us not at least refuse the inquiry as to what
duties on the necessaries of life may be remitted
with benefit to all, and without injuiy to any.
Feeling unwilling to trespass longer on the time
of the House, and grateful for the indulgence I
have already experienced, 1 submit this resolution
to your consideration, cherishing the hope that the
inquiry «ill be allowed,and that it will be followed
by a remission of the duty on coal, or at least that
coal will be admitted to entry free of duty, in the
same manner and at the same time as the articles
enumerated in the fifth section of the compromise
bill. I repeat, I only solicit an inquiry into the
complaints of those who feel themselves aggrieved,
and who look to the paternal wisdom of Govern-
ment for protection. I do not wish to disturb the
general provisions of the compromise bill, origi-
nating in those fraternal feelings which I cherish
and respect; I only seek relief from the oppressive
operation of a single duty to which the attention
of Congress was not particularly drawn when this
compromise bill proclaimed to the nation that our
dissensions had yielded to mutual concession, and
that peace, harmony, and sentiments of attach-
ment to our Union prevailed throughout the Re-
public.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowingcommumcations, which were appropriately
disposed of:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in answer to a resolution of the House of
the 22J ultimo in relation to certain correspondence
with the Government of Spain;
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, pursuant to a resolution of 8th April, 1834,
a revised system of the military discipline;
A letter from the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, pursuant to law, an abstract of the general
returns of the militia, arms,&c, of the United
States;
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
exhibiting the revenue accruing from imports for
the year 1833;
A letter from the Clerk of the House in relation
to the case of —— Pierce, of Georgia.
IS35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
CITY or ALEXANDRIA.
The House proceeded to consider the motion
heretofore made by Mr. BOULD1N, to reconsider
the vote i ejecting the bill lor the relief of the city
of Aieximlna
Mr   DOULDIN rsaid he would request the in-
dulgence   of the House but for a short time, in
stating the íeasons that had induced him to move
for the ^consideration of this bill     He could not
flatter  himself that  what he had to say  would
change the vole of so large a majority as had been
given against it, wnen last before the House; but
inasmucri as he had \oted under misapprehen-
sion, he desired to explain.    He was no advocate
for internal improvements at the expense of the
General Government, carried on anywhere, nor
was he an advocate for it to an exaavaganllength
within the limit ot toe Diaria of Columbia, but
the case under cotift delation v. as a peculiar one.
An injury hud been done to the tow i of Alexan-
dria by an ait of Corgress, and the bill before the
House was a proposition for its redre=s.    In 1804,
he believed  it was, that th* main channel of the
Potomac was diveited from its course by a cause-
way placed in Ha deepest part, so as to throw the
channel out of its original course, round by the
town of Georgetown, thereby destroying the mam
channel which had previously ran direct to Alex-
andria, and thereby destroying the trade of that
town, which was the only thing that made it an
interestm  and prosperous city    TheMrade came
down from the valley of Virginia, passing the old
channel that went round the (alls of the Potomac,
and the boats parsed immediately along the deep
channel between Mason's Island, by whicn they
were protected     The causeway was constructed
in that channel, and it then became necessary for
the boats to cross the river, amatter of almost im-
possibility, or at least of ereat danger, as he was
informed, ard veuly believed,  for sma'l craft—
the river being there a mile wide    This was the
injury that had been done    Mr   B   refened to
the opinions of those who lived at the time in its
vicinity, and who took part in the legislation under
the authority of which the causeway was con-
structed, and of the delegation n Congress from
Virginia, eleven out of fourteen of wnom voted
a a.nst it.    Of the three who voted for it, one lived
in Georgetown, wh ch  wiald be benefited by it,
another lived above, and therefore cared nothing
about it, and toe third voted as f e pleased     This
showed the impre-s- on tnose had of it who might
be supposed to  know most about 1'     Prior to
the cons'ruc'ion   of this mliseway,  the  city   of
Alexardna was fi lur.o'nng, «ince th it, it hat' gone
down, and she h id a right to comp'tm ot injury
When a city grew up, and its commerce pros,.¡.red,
and was increasing to de- roy it at once was.lit.de
short of an ac' of v,oleare    The- citizens had
done all in tbei>- power to avert "s fall     lhev
had s inscribed  very lareely, to the amount of
f^oO.Od'Uo the Chesapeake and Onto c¡>ni',u,idei
the expe-cta on th-t this v/ou'd renredy the evd
liour'tu  oiihem by theacto'Congre-s,     Af'er
sibs n'j ng a qu  rttr of a bullion, and bringing
the cnnal Xo Geo-getov, i, the very ongm ot the
evil, the e it vi   s t > "to", ind a'l the money they
hid la.d out g ip' -o 1 utld   'p and s rengthen their
rive'      Mr   B   tliw    t >t became Congtess'o aid
tiem, r  1  *. th d i  d'fe-enre. 1 e 'bought it not
righ' to ierHe     H 11 C>!i rí«, hv i's i-", none
them an i j  rv '    1. s-->, let it be redie=se 1
Mr R s id I'ui't'il ¡rift surprise n his mind,
as it no dojbt d ! to m-i V Vier*. wnen 1 e siwa
c mil nin-iooel 'o be r<> i« eel on uoth * des of
tdswatei, > ! whei he net mvv it, he hid no
lliKi'i'Hii i* g t'l •• innn 'ni-'ion But ft her
lie erne to he n firmed I hit il eihlchin el at the
mei hil hre - n >td i. > bv in sit ol C ingres ,
)' al rrc I t e <••> e a v 'ettiei, a id he ••« at om.e
tut in, ir h ' ', t n d ni o'' u town, fin! that
K,, i„ti' i.'i.ntm'ie it m me he-t wiy
re id His'i mr oi wai, tu t tieieuiess
en hi i a' l>" e i m up ire 1 I
t'ipi ii !v^   s ii J tnev -*h
jb 1 llltt        DOS'  I, Sic ti
,. r   i i rJ
bound to remedy the evil we have done; and the
easiest mode would be that proposed. If a better
could be devised, he would willingly vote for it,
and he hoped some gentleman would point it out.
Mr. B. again explained, that in voting for tne
rejection of this bill, he had done so under the
misapprehension that it was an appropriation dif-
ferent fiom that proposed last spring He thought
the money had been received and expended, and
that this was a bill for a new appropriation, and
he had no idea that it was the same bill. After
some further remarks, Mr. B concluded by mov-
ing to reconsider the vote rejecting the bill.
Mr. CHILTON said, the decisive majority by
which the bill had been before rejected, was such
that he did not imagine such lights would be
thrown upon it by further discussion, as to change
that issue, and, moreover, as there were many
bills of great importance pressing for action, he
would, for the purpose of testing the disposition
of the House, move to lay the motion on the
table
Mr MANN, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordeied.
The question was so taken, and resulted as fol-
lows: Yeas 89, nays 104
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider the bill on the table
Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana, said he was in
favor of a reconsideration of this question, but
from very different views from those advanced by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Booldin ] The
Congress of the United States stood in the i elation
cf a local Legislature to the ten miles square com
posing the District of Columbia This District did
not possess the privileges of a State, but looked to
the Federal Legislature as a child looked to its
parent He foi one felt bound to advocate its in
terests as much as he would Ü ose of the State in
which he lived If the legislation of a S'ate in-
flicted miuiy, it was admitted that the State was j
bound to make reparation for the evil it had in- |
flicted.                                            „   ,                        J
Mr. T. felt it his duty to call the attention of |
the House to this ten miles square     He thought |
it hard that the whole twenty-four States should I
b  unwilling, or feel themselves unable to take
care of so small a territory, deprived of the means
of taking care of itself     It was hard that they
should shut ud their bowels of mercy and compas-
sion   against the  natural   appeals   of   the  child
their lateral canal. A great portion of the work
was completed—two of the abutments and one of
the piers of the aqueduct were finished, or in a
state of forwardness—the machinery for the further
prosecution of the work was all provided; and
now it seemed to be the disposition of some gen-
tlemen to abandon it altogether. To this course
(Mr B. said) he could not consent, let the expense
be what it might. He could not consent that the
ruin of this work should be suffered to stand here
under the eyes of Congress a monument of its
folly He contended that the dollars and cents
expended on public works gave no criterion of the
expediency of their construction. The true stand-
ard was the amount of labor which they draw
from other employments. The circulation of the
money among those requiring employment was
its proper appropriation. He concluded by re-
peating that he could not consent to see this work
left only as a monument of the unwise legislation
of Congress, and if it required ten times the
amount asked for, he would support it rather than
see it abandoned
Mi   SPEIGHT did not suppose his opinion
would have a tendency to change the vote of any
member on this question, but he felt bound to give
he reasons which would impel him to vote against
the reconsideration.   He held different views from
those advanced by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Thomas,] of the relation in which the Dis-
I tnct of Columbia stood towards the General Gov-
| ernment.    He considered this projected appropn-
' ation as a mere entering wedge, looking to future
expenditures of the money of the people and of
the States, on works of internal improvements.
He asked what they were called on to do'   To
cut a splendid canal alongside of a navigable river,
I fully equal to all the wants of the people in its
| vicinity.    He could conceive of no project more
absurd, and he called on gentlemen to go and view
the works, and  convince themselves.   He had
always found when the public purse was opened
| for such works individual enterprise was relaxed,
' and the works thus professedly fostered by the
Government were most liable to languish.   Mr.
S. was the friend of internal improvements; but
they should be confined to their proper conserva-
tors.    His doctrine was, that the money requisite
for their  accomplishment should remain in the
hands of the people, and be by them expended at
their own option.   Those works which had been
dependent on them, and cut off from all other ! prosecuted  under the auspices of Government
Uepenaent on uiem,                                                        futlds,had generally given more evidence of pec-
succor.                                     ,     ,   ,        ,
Bat gentlemen were in the habit of viewing
every appropriation m this District as so rnucn
money taken out of the Treasury, and belonging
to people a* a distance This position he denied
lie asked ho* the District came to belong to the
United States They asked for i's cession fiom
two States. The arswer of Virginia was thai she
must first obtain the consent of her citizens. When
tins was done, somefortv years a;o, she gave, as
U were with her child, adowry of 5,120,000, which,
if lainin  upon interest, would now amount to
aoout f.300 000 Of this fund the United States hid
emoved the beneft He denied that the Unred
S ates was advancing ore cent out of the pockets
of the people
He believed if we should give this I  for.
ulation than enterprise The General Government
had been accused of extravagance by interested
partisans, and the fault was laid at the door of the
President or the present Administration, while
the extravagant appropriations on that floor were .
the source to which all these complaints were at-
tubutable. He therefore called upon eve^y gen-
tleman on that floor, who professed to sustain the
principles of economy avowed by the Administra-
tion, to put a stop to these extiavagant expendi-
tures Mr S said he should vote against the
motion for reconsideration, as he believed the
work inexpedient, and liable to cost a million of
dollars, rather than the hundred thousand applied
to lie v . oi
s'i Hi'd tie put i
t^e i ' >•;' vv is i
be d me, tn-1 >es
the)   l'uJ      \\
)s t1)"  inured
lie «id ñ*d with the
i it v m d he i<.< e led
, ii d ', troiu-htt* cy
loe «i  i    if tbt v'  (« letoie
i  i  t! >m, '  it a' 'I'1' co >'*' '',!
wiv «mild be t>give them wh't
Inn   «• )i ' d  tlitm. ami (tie
ten mi'es square a Governor a-da 1 tJe Legisla-
ture of their o-vn, they wouM do this work for
themselves, and perhaps it would be much better
for Them, rither tl an to depend on the great body
so little disused to do pnyltiipg for t.iem He
was in favor of die appropriation ab a matter of
sheei í istice
Mi   CA.TE3 expressed his mtenfon to vote in
ftvor of a .ecoi s deration of tins b.l"      It was to
do that which, sooner o. latei.v e shouldIhe bound
o do     The city of AleirnJna h.d diffculties
enough to coñ'eifd with without the host, e leps
ht?on of C™tw«, or if not it, hostile  at l«et M
,   ?U and piej.idien!   lesnht.on      I" the fi«t|
" ,ce, a dam'is placed across then channel of the
river  divertm- .'s com neice. and next the term-
,raoi   of the- Ch«v>«.ke and Ohio Cana   in
Washington, ,f left in tint condition, was calcu-
lated to demolish, toaniulr'atethe rrosper.ty of
Ve-Undna       ho h mdied ami fitly thcimnd
dob ir  o' the (a ids of Mevndna Hd bee  yp-o-
„   tí' towards th  con.tr ut.on of the «n  . and
,t hand,til and e, htv il.ouo4.id towards that of
Mr VINTON said he should vote for the recon-
sideration, on the ground that the House had
previously appropriated §100,000 for the work—
s?0,000 of which was already experded, and the
ren tinder was under the process of expenditure.
When the House decided the question to make
theformer appropriation, they decided thequestion
of its expediency, and he did not think that ques-
tion should now be agitated. The question was,
whether the sum already expended should be lost,
or whether it should be saved by the passage of
the bill proposed to be reconsidered. The expe-
diency of tne work being decided by the former
action of the House, he thought n required most
ccent reasons from gentlemen opposed to the
anpropmtion, ftV refusing to confnue it
Mr MILLCRsaid he was m favor of a recon-
sideration of this question, and of the appropria-
tion, fir reasons similar to those given by gentle-
men who preceded him He had, on a former
o-casion, opposed an appropriation for this work,
under the bel ef that it would require a much
larger Bum than he was now convinced would be
Í94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
tdequatetothecompletionof the work. He would
jeprecate the loss of the sums aheady expended,
and he was now willing to vote for the sum re-
auired in the bill.
* JMr. MINER.   Here was a place located  on
navigable water, vvell situated foi trade and com-
merce, and which,*by the industry and enterprise
of He citizens, was prosperous and flourishing,
until by an act of the Government, that was per-
haps very proper, for of that he knew nothing,
an impediment had been placed in the nver turn- '
ing and changing the old  natural channel, and i
thereby substantially destroying the navigation i
formerly cained on there.   This was the case of |
the city of Alexandria    Now came the question,
whethei an  attempt which had  been  made  to |
remedy this evil by the formation of a canal, which (
was called, and ceitainly was, an internal improve-
ment, for the purpose of placing that city in some I
degree in the same situation it was before, should j
be completed.    He was in favor of internal .m   |
provements geneiallj., but this recommended itself i
on different grounds from what those usually did   |
Heie was a city possessed of advantages bestowed i
upon it by the God of nature, a navigable stream '
to it, and of which it had been deprived by an act ¡
of the Government, and suiely the application
stood upon much higher giounds than those of I
ordinary cases of internal improvement, for the |
benefitofthose who were not benefited before,and
to whom it was a mere matter of favoi, policy, |
or interest,  whether it were done or not.    But
when the Government has interfered with pretx
isting lights, 01 taken away privileges and advan-
tages given by God  himseli to them, and when
they have laid out almost their whole fortunes in
the erection of buildings, warehouses, &c ,for the
purpose of carrying on their commerce, then he
considered it a question resting on an entirely dif-
ferent basis than ordinary cases.    It was on that
general ground that he was in favor of reconsidei-
mg the vote rejecting the bill, and in favor of the
grant proposed.
It had been said, and this weighed greatly on
his mind, that the people of Alexandria had been
led to expect that the canal, or one part of it,
should be extended to that city; and that such as-
surances had been given, or held out to them, as
raised expectations in their minds that such would
be the case—that the canal would not be carried
to Georgetown, or to this city, and theie stop,
from which they could possibly draw no advan-
tage, but, on the contiary, receive nothing but in-
jury. Under this expectation they subscubed a
large sum of money to aid m the completion of the
canal,all which money they had lost—worse than
lost—provided the canal should stop .vheie it then
was, since their trade would be entirely destroyed.
Mr. M. apprehended that this consideration alone
would lead to the conclusion that the proposed
appropnation ought to Le made, and he accorded
in the idea suggested, that it would be an act of
injustice not to do it. He had no fears that it
would not meet the views and wishes of their con-
stituents, to extend the woik a little farther, and
not stop in the middle of it He believed it would
ledound to the honoi, and glory, and wisdom, of
the Government, and he hoped the motion to re-
consider would prevail, and the application be
successful.
Mr. PARKS said, they were told by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr Vinton,] that this work
having been commenced by the United States, it
was incumbent upon those gentlemen who were
opposed to the reconsideration of this vote, and
opposed, also, to the construction of the work, to
give good reasons why it should not go on Mr.
P apprehended it would not be very difficult for
any gentleman in justification of his vote on this
subject, to show that the work, if completed, would
be useless, and that all the money heretofore ex-
pended upon it, had been entirely, or almost en-
tirely, wasted That it was useless, a moment's'
reflection would, he thought, con/vince any one
Here was one of the finest rivers upon the face of
the eaith, flowmg between two commercial cities,
or rathei between two cities once commercial, and
one of tnem asking Congress to dig a canal by the
side of that rivei for the purpose of benefiting
commerce. Was it possible for any boat or vessel
to oe conveyed on that canal that could not float
on this majestic river? It was not. But even
were it so, that this canal should be made the
means of conveying the vast resources of this Dis-
trict, they would not go to Alexandria. The in-
evitable result was, that commerce would become
concentrated at particular spots, m large cines and
towns. The commerce of this section of country
was once divided among many small rival ports,
it was now concentrated in the city of Baltimore.
Railroads might be constructed, canals might be
dug to this city or to Alexandria, the railroad from
the Point of Rocks or to Washington rity, fiom
Baltimore, would take every barrel of flour and
every species of commodity from the city of Alex-
andria. Even if ¡t could piomote the navigation of
the river itself ¡t would be useless, as far as Alex-
andria was concerned.
Mr. P. had stated that the money already ex-
pended had been thrown away; let us see how the
fact stood. His recollection was, that the $100,000
voted last session, was for thepurposeof building
an aqueduct across the river at Georgetown. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Dates] has
said thpt the abutments were completed Mi P
did not know what the gentleman meant by abut-
mevs, but he himself had searched on the west
side of the uver, and could find nothing done that
appeared to have any connexion with the aque-
duct On the othei side he saw a pile of eaith,
which anywhere in the north could have bfen
raised at a tuning expense. That was all he saw;
and if the gentleman saw more, he was moie for-
tunate than Mr P had been Thegenllemanfrom
Massachusetts further said, inasmuch as the work
had been begun, it was the duty of Congiess to
complete it, whatever might be its cost, and that
he, for one, would never consent thst this canal
should stand as a monument of oui folly. Mr. P.
would defy that genileman, on any part of the
habitable globe, out of the Disti.ct of Columbia,
to find sue h a monument of folly as this canal
would be if it were completed The truth was, it
was nothing more than voting the public money
away for the benefit of the indolent in this District,
and Mr P. wai (or doing it, if at all, openly,
plainly, and avowedly, so that their constituents
should undeisund the purpose for which it was
done. He could not hi ing himself to believe, and
he had devoted some attention to the subject, that
the canal, if finished, would evei benefit the coun-
try, the district, or a single individual except the
contractor, and for this reason he should vote
against the reconsideiation.
Mr. HA WE8 jocosely remaiked that unless he
took a hand now and then, he was beginning to
fear he should foiget .how to speak Moieover,
he had another reason His honoiablefnend from
North Carolina [Mr. Si-light] had sounded the
Administration trumpet, and called upon all the
friends of the Administration to come forward and
resist this attempt at extravagant expendituie,and
as Mr. H held himself to be as good an Admin-
istration man as any gentleman upon that floor,
he felt bound to obey the summons of the trum-
peter. He was, however, somewhat afraid it
would turn out like the case of a man in the west-
ern country celebiated for raising hogs, who was
in the habit eveiy morning of calling them, and
when they came up he gave them nothing to eat.
At last they refused to come at his call, and the
man swore he would change the bleed of his
hogs, because they refused to obey his summons
[Laughter] But Mr H agieed with his honor-
able friend, and he would give his reason for it
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Miiafr]
said that he opposed this bill at the last session
of Congress, but having at this session a betier
understanding of the matter, he should support
it. And what, let me ask, (sir, said Mr. H ,) is
this better understandmgof the mattei? He says
that the people of Alexandria were induced to
subscribe for this canal under an agreement or a
compact, or an assurance, or an understanding,
that it should terminate at the highest navigable
point. Well, and what was the highest navigable
point of the river' At Georgetown, and at
Georgetown the canal terminated, and there, m
his opinion, it ought to terminate The very com-
pact which induced the people of Alexandna to
subscribe to the canal had been carried into effect,
and yet, says thegentleman, "upon better under-
standing of the matter" he iq induced to alter hia
vote from that of last session.
Mi. II. would ask, what would be the conse-
quence if the canal would effect all the people of
Alexandria predicted? Why, to build up their
city, and, at the same time, destroy Geoigetown.
There were three cities m this District contending
for the trade and commerce from foreign parts,
and whichever would be built up, would result in
the destruction of the others. For his part, he never
would vote for an appropriation of money to build
any canal by the side of a navigable river, erected
by the hand of nature, and better than any canal
Congress could construct, if it were to expend the
whole resources of the Government in attempting
it. A river m which vessels of almost a'l sizes
could navigate with safety. The argument about
compensation amounted to nothing Suppose the
States of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio,
had been*stayed by the principle that, to construct
a woik l-i one part of the country might for a
time injure another, where would now have been
their gieat works of internal improvement a.id
their ti easures? Remuneration was never thought
of by them
Mr. II made a few further remarks, and con-
cluded by repeating Ins intention to vote against
the mo'ion to reconsider.
Mr. MERCER, entered into a detail of the cir-
cumstances and the vaiiojs pioceedings of the
Corporations of Washington, Alexandria, and
Geoige'own, connected with the ongmal location
of the Ohio and Chesapeake Canal, and the origin
of the contemplated aqueduct. Ele urged, at
length, the importance and utility of the pioposed
improvements, which he contended could be com-
pleted by the appropriation of $,135,000 m addition
to foi mer appi opriations
Mr. MANN, of New York, opposed tiie res-
olution at some length.
Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, supported it.
Mr. HARDIN rose to address the House in
opposition, and remarked that he was willing now
to proceed with hia argument; but as it was late
in the day to test the wishes of the House on the
subject, he would move an*adjournment.
The question on adjournment was" taken by
teller , and decided in the affirmative—a yes S4,
noes 77
So the House adjourned till to-moriow at eleven
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Feb) wary 4, 1835.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a certificate of the election of the honorab'e
JOHN M RQBINSON, a Senator from the State
of Illinois, for six yeais from the 4th of March
next.
THE SINKING FUND.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
afuither report from the Commissioners of the
Sinking Fund, recommending that the commission
maybe discontinued, as the object for which it
had been created was accomplished.
THE  SENATE PRINTING.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
a report from the Secretary ot the Senate, made
in obedience to order, relative to the state of the
printing of the Senate; which, on motion of Mr.
HILL, was ordeied to be punted.
FLORIDA TERRITORY.
Mr HENDRICKS,pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill supplementary to the
act to authnme the Florida Territory to open a
canal in that Territory; which was twice read and
referred.
PETITIONS,  ETC.
Petitions of a private nature were presented by
Messrs PORTER, TIPTON, and KANE
Mr TIPTON presented a memorial fi om the
Legislature of Indiana, praying Congress to ex-
tinguish the Indian title m that State, and to make
piovision to remove the Indiana webt of the Mis-
sissippi.
li 35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
Mr. NAUDAIN presented a j nnt resolution of
the Legi'iatme of \> iuwaie, praying an appro-
priation f)r the improvement of the harbor at New
OaWe
Mr. LEIGH, from the Jud.ciary Committee,
to winch Wus referred lie bill for the relief of
Theodore Br.^htwe'l, reported the same without
amendment, hutvviih an exr ession of op'monon
the pait uf the cirami'tee that the bill cug! t not
to pa>s
Mr. TIPTON' presented the following lesolu-
tion, which, on his motion, was considered and
adopted:
Jles'hcl, That the Secretary of War le re-
queued to tian m.t to the ferrate a copy of the
report, plan, and esii-nate of Liejteiant Cernen,
the officer charge 1 with the «urveynf the mouth
of Trail Cic-k, at M'chigan Chv, Ind.ana, with a
View to the construction ot a haibur at thatpkce.
On motion of Mr FRCL1NGH UYSEN, ¡he
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by lam on Monday
las':
Resolved, That the Commr'ee on the Judiciary
i'iqu le into the'xpcj'cney of annexing thefourth
circuit to th- third judi'isl circuit, and of so ar-
ranging th° cr „it ivsten i>suo extei d its benefits
to all the State , uy sev e i or more circuits.
Mr r -til )'e t'e-iret' briefly to exr'a .1 the
motives which h"d i-i'ntl him to effer the reso-
lut on ¡c umniiel two distinct propositions:
one t > annex the ri ti'h j i(J "'jl en cauto t!ie third;
the other to e>.n.'i 1 the uti eft cf tlie circuit sys-
tem to all par s of the United S ates A very
happy occa«i ii h-d en\cd for uritirg the thud
and lourth d « r ci-, ond d -reren g A.tli one of
thejjdies m the A lintio S a.es, a vacancy occa-
sioned not bv deaJi, not by leinov il, 1 ut 1>> the
■voluntary and foiui^ite re ig'is'ion t f the indi-
vidual ho.dm  the o'Tice M F did not thít k
any d saJv„m >ge wou'd an--  from the extent of
the circuí' ai er the union "roposed, it would not
exceed the event of the district co"ipased of the
New England S-ate«; and he was happy to have
it m his powei to sta'e tint the present judge in
the third circuí* would willingly take unon him-
self the addi ni a! duties which would anse from
such an ananaemcht The facilities afforded by
steamboat navrgat.on v. ould enab'e the j dge to
transport hirnetIf to ary part of either district m
a few houis. W.lii icgard to the o'her part of
the resolution, Mr I" wert on to stale that, by a
new anurgtmeiil ( f the western distnc's, ai nex-
mg Indiana to the «ev endi, and A'susma tu tiie
sixth, ai d the crea ,o.i of s new dis'iict, embra-
cing the new S oto-, <n the West, the benefits of
this system might be extei deli to the whole Union.
Trie resolution was agieed to                                 !
Mr KENT, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, ii iroduce I a bill for 'he lehef of Son-.erviile
Pinekney,  adinun-vtrator dt  Innts no i of----------
VVil mms, dice sel                                                       I
Mr OL \Y sai • he held in his hand, and asked
leave to r e e' t, a piemmnl and certain lesolu-
tions from a Council held t. Ruimn? Waters, of a
por-ion of the Cherokee lnutans i'heCherokees
iiad a country, (if it lOiild any longer be called ,
the rco miry.'- Ivingni the States of Geotgia. A'a- |
bami, MisMiMpi i, and Tennessee, containirg a
population of about lit tetti thousand ÜÍ thispop-
iilation nufh the ;,e.i ei part was in the S ate of
Georgii It was veil known that, for several
jears pa-.!, it h >d been the po,i;y of this Gove.n-
ment to tr.ui^fti the t. herohee Inumis west of the
Mismí, i 'pi, ti.d a port.nn of ihe ti.oe had availed
the'Ti-ithe  ut (tie o >  >i mnity, and tne facilities
rflouled them t >r going the e, but a ¡ ortion of
them were di-posed to icpinn These proceed-
ing, cue f.oi , the ,ninoi p <ition ef them, who |
were dr nous of ennci J'ltitf, vvlio said thev found '
it itn,i t-s,ble to liw u u!tr law! which they could
not understand. ui.J v. hah they did not pirticipate
in freimng, and thev t-a'd that destruction wis
bans ng uvei them if t'.tv continued wiliin the
Un.ied fi'ito. tint self government among them-
selves wasde^tri'Ved, ind they prelened exile, vuth
liberty, rather than a rc'dri i.e in th"ii aceitstomed
homes, with silvery I'hey irked this Govern-^
ment to p.-ouda means to ira^sfoil them west of ¡
the Mississippi, with guarantees of political rights '
and self government,never to be destroyed. These
were the objects of theCouncil of Running Waters.
But he (Mr. C.) took the present occasion to give
his own opinions on this entire subject, and to
express the general sentiments which he enter-
tained of the relations exisfng between the Indian
tribes and the people of the United States The
rights of the tribes were to be ascertained by solemn
stipulations of numerous treaties. It would be
found fiom the examination that fourteen different
treaties had been made with the Cnerokee Indians
—some one or more of which were concluded
under some one of the Administrations of tn>s
Government, down to the present time, with the
exception of the two last Administrations. The
treaty of Hopewell, made in 1785, was the first,
tne third amele of which declaied that the Indians
were placed under the p-otection of the United
States, and no other sovereign wl ate"cr The
next treaty v/as concluded, und *- the auspices of
'he Father of his country, in 1791, and guarantied
to the Cherckees the undisturbed er joymeniof all
the lands which were not cede*]. 1 henexttieaty
was in 1794. and that, too, under the auspices of
General Washington, and containing a solemn
guarantee that ah parts of the foimer treaties
relating to theCherokees were binding on the par-
ties. By another treaty, made in 1798, it was
stionlated that the treaties subsisting between the
contracting parties were in fud force ard opeia-
tion. The last treaty was concluded in 1817, and
it recognized the difference between the two por-
tions of the Cherokee nador, and renewed the
provision that the existing relations between the
two parties were to copt.nue in force; and to this
n aty wis affixed the signature of the present
C net Magistrate, as one of the negotiators on the
pait of the United States He also called the
attention of the Senate to the treaty of Grenville,
made forty years ago, recognising the same gen-
eral principle "That the tribes should be permitted
'hunting, or any other pursuit, and «hen they
• chose to makesaleoftheu lands, it should be only t
'to the United States." In this treaty, too, they
acknowledged themselves to be under the protection
of the United States, and no other power Such
were the nahts which were recognised by treaPes,
to he Indian tribes in the United S.ates, and in
addition, the guarantee that they were to live under
their own laws, without any interruption or moles-
tation. He contended, too, that these rights had
been recognised by the Supreme Com t of the Uni-
ted States on several occasions In one case it
was declared "that the Indians had an unqnes- ,
1 tioned and unquestionable right to the lands they
'occupied, until their r'ght was extinguished by
' voluntary ce^bion to our Government." Dutthese
Indian rights were farther recogaised on one of the
most interesting occasions known to tlvs Govern-
rient- He alluded to the negotiations between
Great Britain and the Uni'ed S'a'es, for the term-
ination of the kte w>r The hinie en winch the
ne20tiaiioi turned, ne had a distinct «collection,
was the cla'in brought forward ia' the British
negotiators in behalf of the Indians, and which
they held as a «ae ijui ".ton to the conclusion of a
tieaty of oeace—wiat the Indians, l.eraihes, should
be included in that treaty—that they s >ould have
a peimanent boundary assigned then, and that
neithei pauy should be at Iibeity to purchase the
landb tney set npait. Bat the Ameucan com
missioner  woo'd' not listen to the proposition  o
much as to re*"ei ¡t to their Government, informing
¡he B.it.sh commissioners that, if they did so,
they vveie sme it would meet wnh a most prompt
reaction. They sta'ed that the Indians lived under
their own customs, and not the hwsof the United
States, and thit they were pHced under the pro-
tection of the United States slcne, whether they
weie su'>)(cis oi otherwise. The correspondence
finally teimtnated in a proposition towhHi the
Americi n commissioners assented, that the Ui i-
ted States shoul 1 do their besterdeavois toies'me
peace uuh the Indians wiih wl ich they vveie at
wai, and íestoie to them all the rights and privi-
leges they enjo; ed prior to the commencement
oí hostilities. And ne declared it to be his belief
that, if the Indian lights had not be n thus de-
clared, theie would have been a prolcgat'on of
thevu     If then their rights and tieat.es were
j now to be disregarded, were we not justly charge-
able with having procured a treaty upon sugges-
tions which were unfounded and erroneous > Thus
had the Indian ngh'a been recognised by every
branch of this Government at home and abroad,
and not only this, but the fulfillment of the stipu-
lations of treaties was repeatedly urged by Georgia
upon the Government m 1S02
Mr. C. said he wished to turn the attention of
the Senate to the nature of the wrongs th's people
1 ad suffered—to the present condition of the Cher-
. kees, whose lands had been guarantied by the
United States. He went into the examination
with the utmost feelings of sorrow and regret at
the miserable state to which these tribes were
reduced by the laws of the Stafs. But he would
assure the honorab'e Senators from Georgia he
was actuated by no hostile intentions to that State.
Georgia was the first that made these encroach-
ments, she originated the plan of invading the
Indian rights,and she had carried it far beyond a1!
Others He had not all these various laws before
him. It was not necessary to go into details; it
was sufficient to notice the results. By the first
act Geo gia abolished the Government of the Cher-
okee ration. No nation (said Mr. C ) can exist
without a Government of some kind. ■ These peo-
ple had formed and establ shed a Government in
imitation of our own. But it was wholly imina-
tenal whai. the humble form of that Governm-nt
miqht be. Georgia had abohshed it. She next
] roceeded to divide their territories into counties,
and distribute them by lotteries among her citi-
zens—every head of a family being entitled to the
land drawn asainst his number. She did indeed
íeserve a sma'i pittance of a few acres for those
Indians who wished to remain within her limits,
butundercucumstances that rerdered them worth-
less. She gave them no rights, no franchise, no
single pnvilege. They were denied the power of
testifying in courts ot justice No Indian eould
be a witness in favor of his fellows. Thus had
Geoigia proceeded, by continued aggressions, to
invade and destroy the rights of the Indians. By
a hte law they are denied even the privilege of
appealing to a foreign tribunal They did once
appeal from the injustice and violence of Georgia
to the district court of the United States; and
the judge, in the performance of his sacred duties,
granted them an n,junction. But what was the
result' Another act of wrong and insult; a lavs-
concerning the gold districts. It was the pursuit
of gold that led the Spaniards in Mexico and Peep
to desolate those beautiful lands and deluge them
with blood. Mr. C. here read a section of the
law concerning the appointment of agents, and
granting a military force when any opposition was
offered. After (continued Mr. C.)having distrib-
uted the land by lotteries, grants were made and
sgents appointed If an Indian dared to oppose
the agent who was drrvmg him from his home, he
was seized by a mihtaiy force, without a trial,
and without an investigation, whilst a citizen in
such cases would be entitled to the benefits of the
la iv-------
Mr CUTIIBERT here interrupted Mr. Clay.
He did not think the remarks consistent with the
occas.on.
Mi. CLAY explained, and then proceeded.
The courts of Georgia (said Mr. C ) are restrained
from granting injunctions, unless the Indian, on
coming into couit, shall first acknowledge the right
of Georgia to pass the laws. Thus he is com-
pelled to"ienounce his Indian rights, so that he is
loiever baned from appealing to the courts of the
General Government.
Mr. C protested he had no feelings hostile to
Geoieia, and in the lemarks he was auout to offer
he should carefully abstain from the use of every
epi het that mijht be construed into an unkind
fee'mg tow aids her.
1 he v\ hole power of the State, (said Mr. C ,)
both civd and military, is brought to bear on the
Indians. The law pievents Indian testimony
from being brought in their defence. Their rights
aie si'irendeied to a State where they have no
vo>ces, whose laws they do not understand, and
whose language to them is aforeisn tongue. Sir,
it .s impossible to conceive of a community more
niiseiaole, tnoie wietched. Even the lot cf the
Antean s'ave was prefetable, far preferable to the
10C                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          _________February 4,
sondition of this unhappy nation. The interest of
the master prompts him to protect his slave. But
what mortal will care for, who will protect the
suffering, injured Indian, shutout from the family
of man? Such was the case of the Cherokees.
He had one more remark before he offered his
propositions to the Senate. Was there a remedy?
he inquired.
If we had no power, if we had no right to inter-
fere, then we could offer them only our sympa-
thies and consolations; but we were not thus pow-
erless; our hands were not bound. It would be
recollected there were two classes: the one, those
who wished to emigrate-, the other, those who de-
sired to remain. With regard to the first, our
rights were ample; the power of the United States
over her territory was absolute; there could be no
question on that point.
But in regard to those who wished to remain on
this side of the river, were we powerless, must
we sit still and behold their wrdngs? Why, he
asked, have we contracted the obligation ? Why,
by solemn treaties, guarantied to them these rights
and privileges and possessions?
These were solemn declarations, made in the
face of England, of Europe, of the world. Geor-
gia had shut her doors upon them. Let us now
open to them ours. The Constitution provides for
all rases arising under treaties. The Indians are
entitled to come into the courts of the Uniied States
in support of their rights; and if we have the
power, are we not bound by every sacred obliga-
tion to afford them redress? Revelation informs
us of a day of retribution; and if we disregard the
cries of the oppressed and suffering Indians—if
we continue to heap wrong upon wrong, and in-
jury upon injury, how shall we hope to escape
the righteous judgments of Heaven?
We are now urging upon Prance her obligation
to regard her solemn stipulations. What force
would it give to our arguments, if we could tell
her we have always fulfilled all our treaties. How
shall we stand before the world, if we suffer these
fourteen treaties to be violated ? How shall we ap-
pear to civilized nations, if we disregard all these
obligations to protect this unfortunate people?
How appear to Great Britain? How would he, a
commissioner who negotiated the treaty with her,
be looked upon? For himself, he rejoiced he had
been spared and allowed the opportunity to ex-
press his feelings in behalf of this unhappy people.
If we do our duty, it will be a consolation upon
our bed of death, which, to him, could not be very
distant.
Mr. C; then submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the expediency of
making further provision by law to enable Indians
or tribes, to whose use and occupancy lands are
secured by treaties concluded between them and the
United States, to defend and-maintain their rights
to such lands in the courts of the United-States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of
making further provisions by law for setting apart
a district of country west of the Mississippi river,
such of the Cherokee nation as may be disposed to
emigrate and occupy the same, and for securing
in perpetuity the peaceful and undisturbed enjoy-
ment thereof to the emigrants and their descend-
ants.
_ Mr. CUTHBERTsaidthatthissubjecthad been
introduced altogether unnecessarily, itwasasub-
jsct that could not be tried here. Georgia did not
plead before this tribunal. He did not plead for
lier here To what purpose, then, were the Sen-
n'orsfMr. Clay's) remarks? Were they for show ?
We ail were willing to acknowledge his merits, Ins
powers, and his eloquence. Was it to display his
rhetoric—to charm us with his measured tones—to
delight us with a theatrical exhibition? We may
abk, what pari Roscius will next enact? Does
he talk of the dignity of Georgia, and at the same
time compare her acts to Peruvian and Mexican
wrongs? Does he talk of respect to Georgia, while
he tells you she is actuated by a most detestable
thirst for gold, by which she is urged on to the
perpetration of wrongs and injuries upon a de-
fenceless people? Talk of respect! He asked no
such respect. Why talk of the day of judgment?
Are the injured shades of all the red men, whose
bones are scattered over our country from Maine
to Mississippi, to be conjured up against her?
Must Georgia be loaded with all the injuries and
wrongs these people have suffered?
Mr. WHITE. Mr. President, I feel it to be
my duty to make a few remarks upon this subject
before the present question is disposed of.
When I came to the Senate this morning, I did
not know of the intention of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky to present this memorial, and of
course I cannot be prepared for the discussion of
the subject.
.Although I cannot hope anything I may have
it in my power to say will have an y influence with
the Senate, yet as the subject is one of great im-
portance to the United States, as well as to the
Indians, I think the remarks of the honorable
Senator call for some reply.
The object of the memorial is one I heartily
approve. The memorialists are a portion of the
Cherokees, residing within the limits of the State
of Georgia. They wish to emigrate west of the
Mississippi, and there have a country assigned to
thern, where they can live under a government
of their own choice, preserve as far as they may
think right their own customs, exercise their priv-
ileges in endeavoring to promote the civilization
of their own people, and having them instrucsed
in the doctrines of Christianity. They wish the
United States to furnish them a country to go to,
to be at the expense of their removal, and to give
them suitable guarantees that they shall never be
disturbed in the country to which they may emi-
grate.
If any additional legislation is found necessary
upon this subject, it wdl give me sincere pleasure
to afford my aid in all suitable enactments.
But in presenting the memorial and resolutions,
the honorable Senator has gone into a discussion
of the powers of the States, and the manner in
which their powers have been exerted over the
Indians.
I do not believe any benefit is likely to result to
the people of the United States, or to the Indians,
from such discussions; but as the subject has been
introduced, it is due to the States that, at least,
some of the grounds upon which they have acted,
should be brought to the notice of the Senate.
What was the condition of the Indians, within
the limits of the Slates, at the close of the revolu-
tionary war?
The people of the United States declared their
independence; the revolutionary war, in mainte-
nance of that declaration, terminated in a treaty of
peace in 1783. Thelimitsand boundsof the States
are described in that treaty. Each of the States,
within its territorial limits, believed it was free,
sovereign, and independent, and that a majority
had a right to prescribe whatever rules they pleased
for the government of every person, of every age,
sex,and color, within their acknowledged bound-
aries.
Each of these States believe that they still pos-
sess all these powers, except so far as they have
expressly granted them to the Federal Government
for the good of the whole.
The Articlesof Confederation gave to the Federal
Government power to regulate trade and inter-
course with the Indians, but contains an express
proviso that Congress shall not interfere with the
territorial rights of the States.
The first treaty with the Cherokees was made
in 1785, and although the articles referred to were
then in force, the lands allotted to the Indians
included a large portion of the territory of North
Carolina.
That State was not inattentive to her rights.
She had an agent present when the treaty was
negotiated, and he there entered the solemn protest
of his State, more than once against this exercise
of Federal power.
These protests are still on record, and can yet
be produced, at any time the Senate may desire.
The next treaty with the Cherokees was after
the present Constitution was adopted.
In the meantime, North Carolina had been
urged to cede her western lands to the United
States, and one motive for this was, that the United
States would be the better enabled to regulate their
affairs with the Cherokees, it being then-, beiieyed
they all, or nearly all, lived on those lands.
In 1789, North Carolina, yielding to these soli-
citations, made the cession.
The vacant lands, after satisfying all existing
claims against North Carolina, were the property
of the United States, who also had the sole pov/er
'of legislation. The United States, thus owning
the vacant soil, and having the enthe sovereignty
and jurisdiction, and still believing the Cherokees
resident upon this territory, made the treaty of
Holston in 1791.
After arguing upon the boundary between the
whites and the Indians, there is an express guar-
antee to the Indians of their lands. This, if my
memory serves me, is the first guarantee to these
Indians. This guarantee was inserted, not by the
mere motion of our'Commissioner, but by the ex-
press instructions of President Washington. The
reason of this is obvious to me. General Wash-
| ington believed, at that day, the country guaran-
i tied to the Indians was a tract, over which the
United States alone had the sovereignty and juris-
diction,and that they were the owners of the soil;
that neither the sovereign, nor tetritorial rights of
any State were invaded by such a stipulation, and
that it would be the means of preventing future
encroachments upon the Indians.
We now know by our own Executive Journal,
kept secret until a few years past, that when the
first agreements with Indians were made, after the
adoption of the Constitution, the President himself
doubted whether they ought to go through the
forms prescribed for treaties: he sent a message to
the Senate; it doubted, but eventually seems to
have acted upon the opinion, that the formal sanc-
tion of two-thirds of the Senators present, required
to ratify treaties, would be a safe rule, as to these
compacts or agreements, and the course then
adopted has been pursued ever since.
A further illustration of General Washington's
views as to the rights of States, may be given by
his conduct in relation to lands within the limits of
New York, which were attempted to be secured
to Indians, by treaty. He condemned this course
on the part of the agenj, and made it the subject
of a special letter now on record.
The tract of country ceded by the State of North
Carolina to the United States in 1789, and which
was a Territory in 1791, when the Holston treaty
was made, continued to be a Territory till Febru-
ary, 1796, when the people residing upon it framed
a constitution, and afterwards were admitted into
the Union.
In the treaties with the Cherokees subsequent
to that period, (and there were many of them, as
has been correctly said by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky,) the United States seems to have
lost sight of the distinction between their power
over a country, of which they had both the right
of sou and the jurisdiction, and one where the
States had the right of soil and jurisdiction, and to
have continued the guarantee as inserted in the
treaty of 1791.
The States, however, do not acquiesce in this
exercise of Federal power. The same opinion en-
tertained by North Carolina in 1785 is entertained
and acted upon now.
They maintain, that they are sovereign and in-
dependent communities within the whole of their
chartered limits, upon all points, where they have
not transferred their powers to the Federal Gov-
ernment.
They maintain, that these agreements, with a
portion of then- own population, are not treaties, „
within themeaning of the Constitution; and if they
deny that they have ever vested in the Federal
Government the power, by treaty, or othenvise,
with any portion of the people within their limits,
■ no matter whether the people are French, German,
or Indians, to take from the State one acre of Us
tenitory, and transfer it to any other people what-
ever.
They maintain that each State has the right,
independently of the Federal and all other Gov-
ernments, to enact such laws-for the government
of their whole.population, as in the wisdom of
their own Legislatures may seem best suited to the
interest of all; and that in the exercise of this
power, none, out of their limits, has the right to in-
terfere.
If the States are right in the operation of these
powers, it must clearly follow that they «lone have
IS 3d.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
the power to judge whether their laws are adapted ¡
to tl e condition ¿nd wants oi their people               |
VVI ether the States are correct in the assertion j
arid maintenance of these right* and powers or not, ,
they think they are, and many others Urn k with j
them" I l>ey '" ve a( teu uPon them, and will con- 1
tinue to do ¡>o, as I firmly believe Georgia has .
extended her lav/s over hei whole limits Ten-
nessee has, to some puipous, done the Same thing, |
and so ha^ North Carolina and Alabama                 .
How then are theae States to be induced to re '
scmd or repeal these laws' Suppose the United ¡
States to aopiy to them for the repeal—they will j
answer, their laws are approved by their people, (
they had the power to enact them, and they wnl
not repeal lliern What, then' Are the United
States to nppiy forte 10 compel the repeal' if I
they do, unti «.uch force is met by an opposing ,
force from the States,, we then have presented to I
our views the most horrid of all spectacles Armed i
strife between brothers, and, in the midst of it, ¡
wnat becomes of the red men for whose r.ghts
this war is waged' 1 hey ure swept from this ■
B.ate of existence When the war terminates, ,
there will be no Indians to be protected by the '
United States, or by these States individually        j
The time has arrived when we must all speak
out plainly as vie think.    These people, if tney |
remain where they are, must submit to the laws
of the respective S ates     Tney cannot exist in j
the States as a v¡ ara'e aid distinct community, I
governed by their oic  customs and laws     Some
of them are civilized and enlightened, they vwil
make useful mid rehpectable membersof any com-
munity     They muy still remain wiiere they are,
it they choose     But this is not the cordition of
the cLss ot   the  Indian population      I hey aie
poor, ignorant, and uninformed                                 '
Res ding where they now do, certain m.sery
ard ruin a« ait them     If they will remove beyond
t! e Mississii pi, out of our fatales and organised
Territories, they may be preserved     There they
mav progress in that civil zation wl ich has com
roenced, they can, as lieemen, have a goveri raent
of t'ieír own choice, their interests can^be pro-
moted, and tneir righis protected by tiie United j
State*, witnoui collision with any State     Who
now doubi3 that it i  their interest to do so'   Tew |
men can doubt it, who will take pains to acquire
correct information, and then duly consider the
subject     1 bel.eve the time has nearly arrived, '
aro. will certainly soon have arrived, when there I
will be but one opinion upon this subject through- |
out our country                                                             I
The policy of i iducmg our Indians to remove
west of the Miosissip¡ i, did not originate with this
Administration As eailv, at all even s, as 1S04,
it was the pol.cy of -Mr Jeflerson it has been
the pol.cyof eve y succeeding Administration,and
during tlie la.t Administration, it had, in the ihen
Secretary of War, one of its ablest advocates
The great d tinct on Let* een this a>id prior Ad-
mimt, iptioi s coi si^s, in the present having sue
ceeded to a p uch greater extent m carrvirg in'0
elect what all, fr m the time of Mr Jefferson,
desired to aece n¡ lish
i he honor tl ¡e Sena or from Kentuclty thinks,
a-, he S ite of Georgia has si ut her coui s against
these peop'e, weouzht to open those of the United
S a'e<s to them And it we can, let me ask, Mr
Presiden, of what pram il benefit will such a
provisun be I sele •- Eucouiage a poo^ In
uiau.Iiv ng «• i.nundcd by whiles, u lfiiendiy to
him, a com nence •-1 t in the Federal cucuit court,
ai . ti e i f. 1 n\ it here t) the Supreme Court, to
j.s«ei i u le to one Hundred and siMJ or to six
) u died ai 1 i ny acie i of land, and 1 y the t me
tne <i wi, dt ided, he and hi3 family will hive
vrrtef odetth Ins ea I ot th s, let us encornase
thun I > a I t ie me«i t m our powei to remove
1 ihv ia\ lit, rem un tl e mean' or lie u u ed
t-'t es -o luí s'i them cimlortab'e homes, west
oc ne M a i .io,,i aie keening 0 her tnoe'are
gtn* ml „H ing their cliou c of thecountiy Let
tne   'e f ¡mua'ed t> remov e s icedilv, proviue
fin's'! i thtirifix val, for then comfortib'e sup-
|< t tor i i im!>> i nrni^i tlum a peim-nent
tu n  ^11 i i y it 1>V id ¡lie olemmties which
cpn  1    dm  eii  icce sirv, imi then I uthfully ob
legi 1
(   v<   I
1 i         i suit c


I ,<
i   f^e  piíü's
it  i  '
dm
font ' t
li   i ro, <r, i   o
I wi!
i   i
ifoh u y i
which  may be deemed necessary, and  which is
not inconsistent with what is due to the interests I
of the great body of our community                        '
Mr   BEN ION said, he rose, not to prolong |
this discussion, but to bring in a voice much more
potential than his own    It was tne voice of Mr  I
Jefferson, by which it v/ould be seen that these I
things whicn we called treaties, were not so under |
the Uonsti'ution ot the United States, nor were ,
they treaties upon which the laws of the United
States were founded   Such was the ground taken i
by President Washington     The word treaty in
the Constitution was to be there undei stood as it j
is recognised in the laws of nations, and nothing i
else but that kind of treaty w'iidi was known to I
the laws of nations    And fast, it was to be made
with a foreign Power, and while an Indian might
be deceived, and suppose that this th ng which we
called a treaty, was what was understood and con-
templated by tne Constitution of the United States,
yet no statesman should take so shallow a view of
it    Look at the treaties made witn some of these
people who had not a blanket round their shoulders,
and then say whether they are such things as can
put down the laws of asovereign State    A judge
would have widely mistaken his duty who should
say that such a proceeding could put down the
muncipat íegulations of a sovereign State    (Mr
B reauan extract fiom a work of Mr JeiTerson's,
to show to what subjects the treaty making power ||
extended )    He said he rosefoi the mere purpose il
of bringing Mr JeiTerson's voice where it would |
be heard     lie wished the Cherokees well and '
comfortably located west of the Mississippi, where |
they would find a safe home, and he wished them .
also to  be fuily informed  that these were not ¡I
treaties which could operate against a sovereign :
State                                                                              |
Mr CLA\ losetoassure the honorable Senator '
from Georgia [Mr Clthbert] he had no inten-
tion of making a show, but that the honorable ,
Senator r igl t take the charge to himself, since he
[Mi   Cothbert] had declarea he had no object
in view, that Georgia did not plead here     With I
regard to the objections of the honorable Senator
from Tennessee [Mr White] he would say a few  I
words     Mr   C  went on  to "how the validity of
treaties, and the obligation of the United States
to fulfil all tnat these treaties guaiantied    The
Senator recoiled at the thought of a civil war,
where the Indians would be swept from the face A
of the earth     How was it last session when the I1
powers of a State were actually arrayed against |
the General Government >   He gave a warm sup- !
poit to the measures then adopted     He himself '
gave a reiudant vote in its favor     It filled him i
with the severest feelings of sorrow then, he had j
reflected upon it with grief ever since     The re
moval of the Indians was said to have been the
I  policy of former Administrations, but it was rot
to be done by foice of arms, he knew they would
all melt away in the midst of civilized society, he
wished they would all emigrate to a ¡and where
they mi"ht be beyond the reach and influence of
the white man     He believed that Noith Caiolma
had not touched them, Tenness.ee had interfered
on'y to protect them against the whites   One State
only had gone to externes    Georgia had out
I   snipped all the rest
Mr    CLIIIBERT  replied  in  a few  words   i
|  The question (said he) is one due to humanity,
and upon this giound he was willing to go with
the ge! ciernan  butt> talk of negotiations in regard
'   to the rights of the State was mockeiy
The memon-i and resolutions were then reteired ¡
to tee Jud uary Committee
RE0RGAMZATIO\ OF THE POST OFFICE
DEPART MEXVT
On motion of Mi   EWING, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Coi inntteeof the Whole,
the  bill to cbinge the orga nzation of the tost
OiVe Depntroent
,     At the sWgestion of Mr GRUND\ . the reídme
1  „f the bill wis dispensed wi h.and  the amend
mei.ts , repared by *he minority of the committee
were consideied
i      The i.ist amendment, proposing iO Strike out
tbeniovisionsm tl e b II for the appointment of an
, pjer to be cal eu the Solictor of the Po.t Ornee,
, ,1 to impose the dunes of t! a.otnce on ,'ie feoli-
t ti i oi the 1 wary, was taken up
After some explanatory remarks from Mr.
GRUNDY,
Mr EWING accepted the amendment, and it
was agreed to
The next amendment proposed to strike out the
provision of the bill, which prohibits the Postmas-
ter General from granting any more extra com-
pensation than shall amount to double the amount
of postages received on the route, and to insert in
lieu thereof, a provision that the expenditures for
the transportation of the mail shall not exceed the
revenues of the department.
After some remarks in support of the amend-
ment by Mr GRUNDY, it was opposed by Messrs
EWING, BIBB, and SOUTHARD
Mr PORTER also objected to the amendment,
but as it required some further consideration, and
it was now late, he moved an adjournment, which
win agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 4, 1835
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs PLUMMER, JACKSON, of
Connecticut, EWING, SEVIER, and BANKS;
which" were appropriately referred
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claires, made a report in the case of
John Smith, concluding with a resolution referring
the same to the Secretary of War
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill further to extend
the time allowed for the execution of the articles
of the commission for cariying into effect the
treaty with France, which was read twice and
committed
Mr CII1NN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Coiumbia, reported a bill to extend the
charter of the Bank of Alexandria, which was read
twice and committed
Mr LAY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to appoint an addit.onal agent for
paying pensioners in the State of Indiana-, which
was read twice.
i Mr LAY moved that the bill be ordered to be
' engrossed
Mr LANE suggested that an arrangement was
about being made, whereby the State Bank of In-
diana, and us ten branches would act as the agents
of the Government in the payment of pensioners.
If so, the passage of the bill would be unnecessary.
He moved to postpone the bill until to morrow,
in order that the House might act understanding^
on the subject
The postponement was opposed by Messrs.
LAY, K1NNARD, and EWING, and advocated
by Messrs LANE and WARDWELL The
motion prevailed—yeas 05, nays C3
Mi WISE,-fiom the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to cause to be constructed a steam
plough ship, which was read twice and com-
mitted
I Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicial y, repoitcd a bill to change the time of hoid-
mo- the district coui's of the United States for the
western district of Virginia, holden at Clarks-
burg, which was read twice and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third leading
° Mr FOSTER, from the same committee, re-
I ported, without amendment, the bill from the Sen-
| ate lor the relief of David Thomas, which was
, committed
Mr  HARPER, of New Hampshne, from the
'  Coram ttee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
lehef of Gilbert A  Smith and others, which was
read twice and committed
Mr LOVE, trom the Committee on Indian
Affair'?, gave notice that the committee would move
the House on Tuesday next to take up the bill to
establish the western territory
RESOLUTIONS  OFFERED.
Mr DICKINSON offered the following resolu-
tion, vt luch, under the lule, lies one day
hesolui, ThPt the Secretary of War be required
198                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          February 4,
<o communicate to this House the rmount of
money expended in each State of the Union for
loitificatiOEis.fiom the year 1816 up to this time
Mr MiTCHCLL,crO no, offered the following
resolution   winch, under the rule, lies one day
Resohed, That theSecretary of VV ir beiequued
to ieport to this House what has been the amount
of contingent expenses for superintending the Cum
berland load, in the State of Outo, for each year
since i<s commencement, west of the Ohio river,
inci «ling clerk hue, office ren , furniture, books,
stationery, engineering, travelling expenses of offi-
cers, the purchase of horses and carriages, the
amount of commission (if any) for paying out the
pujiic moneys, what sums ot money have been
paid for work actually done within each year,
distinguishing what was done by contract, fiom
what was done by day labor
On motion of Mr  LEA,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Pobt Roads be instructed to inquire i ito the
expediency of establishing a mail íoute fiom Cal
houn, in the county of MeMinn, n the State of
Te inessee, passing by Richard Taylor's and John
Biown'b, thence down the Chatooga river and
valley, crossing said river neai a Campground,
thence crossing Coosa river at Nesbeu's Peiry,
thence ciossmg Terrapin cieek at Adams's Ford,
and thence by Jacksonville, to Talladega Court-
IÍ mse, in the State of Alaba na
On motion of Mi   FILLMORE,
Resolved, X'hat the Committeeon Revolutionaiy
Pension  oe instiucted to inq me into the espedí
ency of establishing an agemyfor the payment
of pensions at Búllalo, in the State of New Yoik
O i mo ion of Mi   A   H  SIICrPCRD,
Re olved, That the Coinmi reeon Revolutionary
PuiMona be instiuo'ed to in pure nto the expedí
encv of provulir g by I tw fir the es'abhsl meiu of
on agency f >■ t le payment of pensions at Sa'em,
Noith Carolina
On motion of Mr POSTER,
Resohed, Thai the Committee on the Post Qui e
£• t d Poa Roads be instiucted t>  nquue i no the
expediency of estábil hing the fol owing pobt
routes m the S ate of Georgia
Prom Ghrkbvnle by Mount Jonah and Louda
viMe tj Bhirsulle, Union county, fiom Cum
inn g' , I >ibyth county, to tlie Gouit House in
Cheiokee county, ftcm McDonough by Deoatui
to Ghcic kee C >uit Iloust, fr m Gampbtllton by
Manelti, Olitiol ee C uit House Aurora, and
Dihlnnegi, lo Blmsvilt, fiom Villa Ría, Cai
loll cou ity, by Paul Ii ig Co lit House, head of
Coasa a d Valkei Comt Lloiue, to Rossville,
fiom (, apoville by Pint. Log and Gxisa Water to
Chicly, Gilmu (ounty, ftoui Munay county to
Walkei Com t. House, fio n IJu' lin by Cou tllnl,
Mon'gomeiy county, to Juksonviik, lelfair
county, and fiom Sandersville by Dublin to Plop
lunsvillc uul that said committee fui thei inquue
m o the expediency of establishing a mail íoute
fiom, Hamilton by wayof Gicensvjlle toNenmin,
to be "amed thiee times a week in two noise
stages
Oi motion of Mr  CASEY,
Resohed, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Pobt Roads be instiucted to inqjire into the-
expediency of establishing a post íoute from
JM junt Guimtl to Mays/ille, in Illinois
Mr WIIHTLCSkY, fiom the Committee of
Claims lepoited the fallowing lesolution, which
I e« one d ly on the tabic
Reiolved, That the older of the House of the
31 t J umaiy, ItíJo, discharging the Committeeof
U aims fiom the turtbei consideiation of the pe-
t tion of J-m-s Taylor, of Kentucky, and that
leave be given to withdraw the sam , be rescinded
Ot motion of Mr HARPER, of New Hamp-
shire, the House pioceedej to toe consideiation of
ti e otdcis of the day and the business upon the
Speaker's table
1 he SPEAKER, laid béfoie the House a Report
f ora tie Commissioneis of the Sml mg lund,
•who , on mo ion of Mr   HUBBARD, was ¡e
(cued to the Committee of Ways and Means
SE'VATE   BIIL>J
The following bii's fiom the Senate were iead
ta ce and commute i
A bid sup¡ lemeniaiy to the act authorizing the
cit zens of Louisiana to enter their back lands,
A bill foi the lehef of David McCord,
A bill for the relief of Christopher T  Baily
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
A b 11 fiom the Senate to provide satisfact on for
t^e claims of certain American citi7ens oi account
of spoliations committed by the Trench pnor to
1800, was read the first time
Mi   MANN, of New Yoik, rema-ked that this
was a bi'l involving cons derations of tne highest
moment to the nation     It proposed an appropria-
tion of gSOOOOOO  out of tne public Tieasury,
upon gr( unds of at least a doubtful nituie, it a
time, too, wl en, if all the othei demands and ap
propnations were satisfed, theie would not be a
smg'e dollar m tne Tieasury      He had had occa
sion to make some examination of tnese cla ms
He was satisfied that  they rested  on  no just
foundation     If the subject should e\er herea tei
come before the House tor discussion, he thought
| he could demonstrate the impiopriety of paying
tiiem     Al housh many of the citizens of Ins own
| State weie mteiested in  these claim , yet, from
the advanced penod of the session, he hoped the
I House would not be troubled with the investiga
Hon of the sulject at the piesent     Ht therefore
moved to lav the Jill on the table    "
|      Mr   SPriCTIT  hoped   the gentleman would
i wi hdiaw the inoton, and let  tne bill  take the
usual couise
Tne SPEAKER ^aid that the motion must be
to ic]ect the bill The motion to lay it on the
tab'e was not at present in oidei
feorne   cmversation   took   place  between  tne
SPEAKER and Mi   POLK, on the p >mt of or
dei, wl en Mi   MANN van-d his motion, i" ai
cord nice witi  the   foiegomg   suggestioi s of   he
Chan
Mi  SPEiGEIT «aid his «-imp'e purpose in de
suing    hat flu motion s! ould be withdrawn uas,
|   that tne bill iri_'l t bu fie mi ttd to go ti icon ra t
tee, a   was us nl     lie did not ! now wl etiei be
, should  eventually vu e foi   the bill     he w nted
I    light on the sulject lie relíese tel a distii^t
wl ich was interested to a considerab e extent in
II  these clan is     If ctdled upon to vote on the ques
| tion at this tin e, he 'hculd vo e against the íe
lection of the bill     if upon a full investigation,
the damn should be f >ui d to be jUbt and pi   pti
|   to be paid by the Govui merit, he would favoi
i them, without any reference to what might be the
state of the Tieasury
|     Mi   CAMI3RLLLNG  agieed with -he gentle
| man last up, that it was entirely uiopei that this
bi I should take the usual couise , and he hoped
| that his colleague wculd withdiaw his motion
I The bill involved gieat and important princi-
ples     He did not believe that eit lei a commutee
|   or the House would have time to ict thoroughly
| on the subject during the piesent session, but he
wao willing to give to it all ti e ji vebtigation ul ich
I w"s piacticable at present The committee
mignt asceitiin v^hat documents were necessiry
to he pin ted There were a variety of impoitant
points involved n th« I ill, some of which might
be mvestiga'ed at this time He therefore 1 o| ed
that the motion o'his colleague, if not withdrawn,
wotld not pievail
Mr MA^Nsaid he was not much conversant
with the tules ofpioceedmg in this House He
thought it possible th t the Chan was in error in
the decisiop JUbt maJe He had supposed it in
oidei at any lime to move to lay a proposition on
the table Howevei, undei the solicitation of
gentlemen, who seemed desirous that this bill
should tak=> the usual cou «e, he would withdraw
i his moiion, and "hould, at the pioper time, move
to commit the b d to the Committee of Ways and
Means
,     The bi 1 wis ¡hen lead a second time
Mr  M INN moved to iefer it to the Committee
I of Ways and Mean1?
|     Mi  CAMBRELrNG proposed the Contrittee
i on I oieign Relations
Mi   E   FVFKCTTsjggettel nat subjects of
i a simihr. charactei   v ere always referred to the
¡ Comm ttee on Porugn Relat ons The day be
foie yes eiday, i claim of a simi'ar natuie had
been sent t> it>  Committee on Foreign Relations
He hoped the piesent bill wou d be committed to
that committee
Mi   BURGES remaike! tha* u seemed to In in
i hardly a question to which con rau ee the subject
should  be refenel      in Í is op t ion it embr; ced
nothing coming wi'hin tne hi *h lutiesot the Com-
mittee ot Ways and Mean«,at ifast nota' piesent
i When the suLject should  be pissed i pan, if it
' ever should be, the" it m ght, but in i s mesent
condition the question was one relating to tieaties,
na'ional laws, ard  foieign  mtercoirse, and  its
proper leference, therefore, would be to ti e Com-
mittee on Foreign AíTu s
Mr GILLE1 rema ked that the question in-
volved in this bill rendeied it pioper, m his opin-
ion, that it should go to the Com nittee on the
Judiciary The claims we-e founded u¡ on docu
ments, and the pioper constiuction < f these Jocu-
I mentb was th^ appropriate function of i l gal
committee He there'oie moved to commit the
bill to the Coi lniittee on the Judiciary
Mr FILLMOR.E sa d, as this was a claim j| on
the Govemmen , it should go to the Committee of
Claims It wat> clearly no clum upon a foreign
Government,and consequently the subjectdid not
belong to the Cminiuee on Foieign Relations,
nor was it a judicial question lie read the lule
on the sul ject, ind concluded by moving to com
mit the bill to (he Committee of Cfaims
Mr ARCHFR thought it a waste of the pre-
cious time of the House mad scussion of this
soit Ever/ silject of a similar chi acter had
unifoimlv be°n committed to the Comimtie  on
Foreio-n Relations He was apprehensive that
the bill could no' be acted on at the present ses
sioi , but he rep°it°d that tie subject pioperly
belonged to the Committee on Foieign Relations,
and he hop d it would be t,t once retened to that
commi'tee f r ¡in estimation
Mi   M IvIM esked to b  excused fiom voting
I on tne que  101  on accou it of an indirect mteiest
in tne subiec    which was- agreed to
I     Mr  MANN,of New Yoik,«nd themostmate-
I i al pait of the subject i elated to money     it the
bill was to become a law, it should go to the Corn-
I mutee of Ways and Means, in order that the v. aya
I and inetns of laismg the necessary funds mignt
be mquiied into     lhe cuestión was one which
| d d not in the least n volve thefo eign lelatiors of
the ci ui tiy     It was one emin^n ly pi ope for the
corsidera ion   of the   Committee  of  Ways and
| Meat ■      Mr   M    concluded  by asking the yeas
and nayb upon tie q íestion of commitlirgthe bdl
to the Committee ol Ways and Means
The House infused to oider the yeas and nays
Mi   VANDERPOEL said there could be no
doubt that the   most  appropriate   committee   to
which tins  bill could be refened, was the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affurs     His colleague [Mi
Minn] had obseived that it was only or mainly
a question of money, a mat er about dollars, but
it was moie tnan this     It involved the qiebtion
whether tre faith of the nation waseithe> exj íessiy
I or impliedly  pledged for the  payment Oi  tuese
cl urns     If pledged, how '    Why, sn , by leason
I of certain results and liabilities springing fiom our
I iclations with a foreign Government     The ques
tion, then, now to be determined was liability, or
no liability   atier that was determired, It would be
I t me enough to institute an inquiry m'o the ways
! and means of satisfying the obligation, if any
, snould be adjudged to exist    Then the legitimate
func ions of the Commutee of Ways ard Means
I could be invoked, but now it was a question
| whether,according to the laws of nations, and our
past rehtions with Fiance, this nation was respon-
sible to its u izens
* [Mr   V   heie read tne '7 h rule of the House,
I to show that this subject matter  did   i ot come
v ltlun the duties of the Committee of Ways and
' Means, as there prese ibed ]
j He sai 1 that wh n he came to act finally upon
this subje-t, it was more than probable that he
woald be found on the sid  of his co"eague, FVIr
M \\,] for he had paid some a'tention to the
J sub)ec, and was n dined to the opinion that the
United States weie not legally or equitably liable
I to these clain ants, l utthis could n it pieclude him
from voting for no o giving the bil1 such a dnec-
tion as he be leved th  iul«s of the Hoase and
the nature of the su! ject r qmi ed
Tne q estion was then put upon committing
the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and lost—yeas Uo, n iys 113
1S35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
The bill was then committed to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
Mr. POLK, pursuant to notice given, some
days since, moved to suspend all the previous or-
ders of the day for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the bill regulating the depos-
ites of the public moneys in the local banks, and
several othei billa in relation to the Bank of the
United States, &c.
Mr. McKKvl demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion, which were ordered, and were—yeas
90, nays 111
So the House refused to postpone the orders for
this purpose
Ml. POLK regarded the measures to which he
had referíed as vitally important to the fiscal op-
erations of the Government He theiefore gave
notice that he would, on Tuesday next, make a
motion similar lo the one which had just failed,
and he wished gentlemen to determine at that
time whether or not they would be disposed to
act on thebe subjects at the present session.
CITY OP ALEXANDRIA.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote rejecting the bill foi
the relief of tne city of Alexandria.
Mr HARDIN said he had given his sentiments
on this subject at length when it was last up, but
he wished to say a few words in addition One
argument used w>s,that this was a debt due to the
city of Aiexandna, if it was, let it be examined by
the Committee of Claims, and whether it amount-
ed to one dollar or a million, he was wilhng it
should be paid. He denied, however, that it was
a debt. Aiexandna had no claim. The cession
made by Virginia had never been claimed back
by her, and she would considei it an insult to be
told so But again What had the United States
done in Virginia' Expended upwards of half a
million of dollars on that part of the Cumber-
land road which ran througn that State. Was
that al'' No. Congress had given at onetime
§100 000 to the city of Alexandria, at another
$20,000, and at anothei §12,000, and had moie-
ovei purchased out the shares in the Long Bridge,
and made it toll-free—theieby opening three mar-
kets for the State of Virginia, instead ol one. Here
was an outlay of $300,000, and-still the Govern-
ment was in debt' Gi eat God' (said Mr. H ,) he
never knew a debt so hard to pay before. It was
true that no S'ate in the Union had been moie
l.beral than Virginia; bat she had received much
in letuin. She, howevei, was too high minded to
make any claim. It was said we owed a large
debt to the District This was not the fact. How
much had the District been benefited by the loca-
tion of the seat of Government then.' The people
compla ned of taxes, but for what were they laid '
To improve their own property, and to proviJe
for the police And had we not improved it'
Yes, at an expense of thousands upon thousands
of dollars Even the very walks had been done
at Uncle Sam's expense. The streets of the city
of Washington had been paved ai.d improved by
Congress et an expense of ^,130,000 The lots
between the famous riverTibei and the City Hall
had been first given to the Corporation, and then
bought back ¡"gain. §160,000 had been given for
the canpl, and < 150 000 lor the lots, making in all
about «jSOO.OUO, and sull we owed them a debt, a
hea\y debt, and will further applications for
money were made He would abk, would they
let us off at six millions' Mr. H was ceitain
we awed neither the city of Aiexandna nor the
Distuct one cent.
Mr II then refened to the aqu-duct, upon
which $70,000 had been alieady expended, and no
one seemed to know how much had been done
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mi. Bates]
said that the abutments had been erected on one
side, bat Mi. H was at a loss to know what the
gentleman meant fie went and examined the
woik hi iself, and a dam oi embankment, he was
informed, had been made, at an expense of some
six or seven thousand dollars; and when he was
there, a Kige part of it had been destroyed lie
had had ihe river measuied at Georgetown, and
found it fiiteen hundied feet wide—the embank-
ment being five hundied feet, left a cleai channel
of one thousand feet, according to the showing of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mekceb,] who
addressed the House on the subject some days
ago.
Mr. MERCER explained.
Mr. HARDIN said he had probably misunder-
stood the gentleman—besides he knew we were
not accountable here for a speech delivered a
month ago. We have the right to plead the act
of limitation upon it He contended that the
aqueduct would lequire eleven piers, and if the
length of the aqueduct shall prove lo be twelve
or fourteen hunured feet, it will require more, for
he did not believe it practicable to make the span
of each one hundred feet. Mr. H said this wooden
aqueduct could not last more than six or seven
years, subjected as it was to the action of air and
water, and in pi oof of this, appealed to the expe-
rience of gentlemen in the construction of mills,
&e. He said he was opposed to the expenditure
of another dollar on these works. He considered
the million already expended on the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal as lost, as likewise the $100,000
alieady appropriated to the aqueduct He had
opposed, and while he held a seat on that floor,
he would continue to oppose, the whole scheme
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal. He opposed
these appropriations on other considerations. He
did not uelieve the Government ever received fair
return m labor bestowed The money was too
apt to suck to the fingers of those intrusted with
its expenditure. The macadamizing of Pennsyl-
vania avenue cost §100,000, while it should have
been done for|>20,u00 He asked how gentlemen
would face their constituents wi¿h the tale that
they had voted this §100,000 to construct a canal
alongside of the finest river m our country ? Mr
H. concluded by saying he had done what he
deemed to do his du„y. This he would always
endeavor to do while he retained that íespon
sible station, and when he retired from it, and was
aga.n placed on one of those western hills, wheie
the eye glances over the vast and fertile regigns
of the gieat valley of the Mississippi, he could
cast a look to the eastward and exclaim with the
dying Christ an, " Farewell—farewell' vain
world1 I'm going home1"
Mr TURRILL opposed the reconsideration of
the bill.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said, notwithstanding
what had been said by the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hardin,] he considered himself a
repret>enta'ive of the people of the Distuct of Co-
lumbia, and also the Representative of the people
of the fiibt congressional distuct of Pennsylvania,
m the vote he intended to give in favor of this
bill When the cession of these ten miles square
was made to the General Government, it was upon
a full and fair understanding, that the cities therein
would have some one to take care of them in Con-
gress If Aiexandna could to-morrow go back
to Virginia, how soon would she start fiom her
present condition ' Before she was ceded to this
Government, she had golden prospects before her;
but wiiat has been the result' Those prospeets
ruined, blighted, he had almost said, blasted.
But, said the gen'ieman fiom Kentucky, when we
go back to our constituent", and tell them we have
voted away so much of their money, what will
they say' This cimehome We could say what
we pleased in favor of an approp íation m which
our constituents were interested, but these Aiex-
andna people have no one m Virginia to take care
of them If they look to the great State of Vn-
ginn, engaged in cairying out rational improve-
ments, and make their appeal tnere, they are told
they Up not belong to the State; if they come here,
they are umepiesented Where then weie they
to look' They could not, as the people cf Penn-
sylvania or New York might, look to their State
Legislature, for they had none; and when she
came to that House, their only resource, they
weie to be sneeied, as it were, from the door
Mr S was not afraid of telling his constituents,
when he went home, if they should ask him, how
he had voted upon this question, and that he re-
garded the people of these ten miles square as
though they had a right to call upon us to legislate
especially for them The people of Alexandria
had no other legislature than that House, and if
that House refused to listen to their appeal, they
had no other¡esource leftthem.  Had we not been
told, no longer ago than yesterday, that we had
so far forgotten these people, that they were still
governed by their old musty laws derived fiom
Vnginia, though that State had now modelled her
own code'
But let him ask, was it fair to talk about what
had been done for the District of Columbia on
the occasion of an application by the people of
Alexandria' It was true that thiee bridges had
been constructed, but were they for them alone'
No. They were for the accommodation of the
whole Union, to facilitate the transportation of the
mail, and were as beneficial to the people gener-
ally as to the inhabitants of this District. Mr. S.
said, the able and eloqueuadvocacy of this meas-
ure by the delegation of the Old Dominion, re-
flected honor upon the State, and showed they
appreciated the condition of ihe city of Alexan-
dria. Supposing such an obstruction in the navi-
gation of a aver as that which had blocked up the
channel of the Potomac, had occurred in one of
the States, would ihe people have been without
redress' They would not. But we were told that
there was no occasion for this woik, and by whom
are we told so' By the people of Alexandi la > No
By the people of Washington or Georgetown, who
might be supposed interested in keeping it down'
No. Had any one coversant with the subject told
us so*' No. On the contrary, all concurred m its
expediency. Surely, no one would pretend that
the citizens of Alexandi masked for this appropri-
ation meiely that the money might be squandered
among them; for they have almost embarked all
their means in its success, in the expectation that
the work would be brought to their town Would
any one think them fools enough to have em-
barked their money on the scheme, un'ess they
had been led to expect they should reap some
benefit from n' They have done all in their power,
and they now come to us, as the people of Vir
gima would go to their Legislature, or those of his
own State to Hamsburg, and ask for aid id com-
pleting the work. It was their only place oi ap
peal. Mr. S. said he trusted, looking upon that
House as the peculiar guardian and representative
body of this District, that they would throw aside
their prejudices; and as the Constitution had placed
it under their peculiar care, they would legard it
as they would their individual States, and act
upon this measuie calmly and dispasüio lately.
He hoped the motion to reconsider would pre-
vail.
Mr. CHINN replied at consideiable length to
Mr. Hardin, and asked if it was fan, in a ques-
I tion of that kind, to an ay the honest prejudices of
the House against the bill, and to qaote the ex>
I penditures upon the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
| this budge or that bridge, this work or that work,
in which the peopleof Alexandria felt no moie ln-
1 teiest, nor had any more voice than the gentleman
| himself.    The gentleman also, m the course of his
remaiks, seemed to advócate what he considered
I the proper dignity and honor of the State of Vir-
ginia, and said that asking for this appropriation
was offering an msu't to her     Mr  C  hoped he
would be the last to do anything tendirg to affect
either her honor, her dignity, or her character.
Mr. C. then entered into a general defence of the
merits of the proposition, and refened to sundry
estimates and surveys, and the opinions of emi-
nent engmeeis, upon the expediency of the Alex-
andria canal, together  with those of the stock-
holders of the Chesapeake and Ohio cinal, and the
Corpoiations of Washington and  Georgetown.
Mr. C  also read a table of the expenses alieady
incurred, the woiks completed, and the probabli
cost of those in progress, showing that the whole
could be completed for the amount now asked
Mr. CROCKETT said he thought it time that
this debate should be arrested. 1 he House waa
within four weeks of the termination of the ses-
sion, and many important bills were pressing for
consideration, which had been postponed, from
time to time, to hear gentlemen make speeches.
Look back to last session, and it would be seen
that seven months were almost entirely consumed
in long speeches. He should therefore move the
previous question.
The call was sustained—ayes 128, noes not
counted.
The mam question was then ordered to be put,
without a count, and
200                                     -THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          ________February 5.
Mr. BYNUM called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
The question on the reconsideration of the bill
was then put; and decided as follows—yeas 93,
nays 104.
YEAS—Messrs John duincy Adams, Heman
Allen, John 3 Alie i, Anthony, Banks, Barber,
Barnitz, Bates, Baylies, Beale, Bmney, Bouldin,
Briggs, Burd, Bulges, Chambers, Cage, Chtnn,
William Clark, Clay, Coulter, Crane, Crockett,
Darlington, Davenport, Denny, Evans, Edward
Everett, Hoiace Everett, Ewing, Ferris, Fill-
more, Garland, Gholson, Gorham, Grennell,
Hiland Hall, Hannegan, Haid, Heath, Hiester,
Huntington, William Jackson, Edward Jackson,
Richard M. Johnson, Henry Johnson, King,
Lane, Laporte, Lincoln, Love, Lucas, Lytle,
Martindale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y Mason,
McComas, McKennan, McKim, Mercer, Miller,
Milligan, Miner, Morgan, Murphy, Patton, Dutee
J Pearce, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher,
William B. Shepard, Slade, Sloane, Spangler,
Stewart, Stoddert, Sutherland, Francis Thomas,
Philemon Thomas, Turner, Tweedy, Vance,
Vmton,Watmough, Frederick Whittlesey, Ehsha
Whittlesey, Wilde, Wilson, Wise, Young—93
NAYS—Messrs John Adams, Chilton Allan,
William Allen, Bamnger, Bean, Beaumont,
Boclcee, Brown, Bunch, Bums, Bynum, Cambre-
leng, Carmichae!, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chilton,
Claiborne, Samuel Clark, Clayton, Clowney,
Coffee, Cramer, Amos Davis, Day, Dickson,Dick-
inson, Dunlap, Felder, Philo C Fuller, William
K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Gamble, Gillet,
Gordon, Graham, Grayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall,
Thomas H Hall, Halsey, Hardin, Joseph M
Harper, James Harper, Hainson, Hathaway,
Hawkins, Hazeltine, Henderson, Howell, Hub-
bard, Inge, Jaivis, William Cost Johnson, Noa
diah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kil-
gore, Kin nard, Lansing, Lea, Lee,Letchei ,Loy all,
Lyon, Moses Mason, jr , May, McCarty, Mc-
Kay, McLene, McVean, Henry Mitchell, Robeit
Mitchell, Moore, Muhlenberg, Osgood, Parks,
Parker, Patterson, Peyton, Fiankhn Pierce, Pier-
son, Pinckney, Plummet, Polk, Reynolds, Rob-
ertson, Schenck, Augustus H Shepperd, Shinn,
Smith, Speight, Standifer, Steele, William P
Taylor, Thomson, Tompkins, Turrill, Vander-
poel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward well, White,
Williams—105
So the House refused to reconsider the bill,and
it is therefore finally rejected by this Congress
Mr WATMOUGH made an ineffectual at-
tempt to call up the NavV bill, but a motion to
adjourn prevailed—ayes 87, noes 70
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 5, 1835
On motion of Mr WAGGAMAN, the Senate
ptoceeded to the consideiation of the resolution
submitted by him, for the appointment of a select
committee to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a branch of the United States Mint at New
Oi leans.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the resolution
was amended so as to add to it " and also another
somewhere in the gold region of the South At-
lan'ic State"! "
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to,
and, on motion of Mr WAGGAMAN, the com
mittee was ordeied to consist of five members
The Senate having balloted for the committee,  j
it appeared that Messrs WAGGAMAN, KING,
of Georgia, BEiN 1 ON, CALHOUN, and MAN-
GUM, weie appointed
Petitions of a puvate nature were presented by
Mr TIPPON and Mr TYLER
Mr McKE4Npiesented a memorial from mer-
chants and othei citizens of Philadelphia, praying
an appropriation to improve the harbor at New
Castle
RESOTUTIONS.
Mr BUCHANAN submitted the following
resolution, which, on his motion, was considered
and adopted                         •
Resolved, That the Committee on  Finance be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of appro-
pnating the sum of $862 81 for the payment ot the
balance due to Valentine Geisey, late superintend-
ent of the Cumberland road, for airearages of his
salary.
Mr ROBBINS, from the Libiary Committee,
to which was referred a resolution on the subject,
reported a joint resolution authorizing the pur-
chase of the remaining copies of Waterston's
Tabular Views of the United States, which was
read the first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
by Mr. CLAY, were taken up,and adopted.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the expediency of making
l further provision by law, to enable Indians or
tribes, to whose use and occupancy lands are
secured by treaties concluded between them and
the United States, to defend and maintain their
rights to such lands in the courts of the United
States, in accordance with the laws and Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of
making further piovisions by law for setting apart
a district of country west of the Mississippi river,
for such of the Cheiokee nation as may be dis-
posed to emigrate and occupy the same, and far
secuung in perpetuity the peaceful and undis-
turbed enjoyment thereof to the emigrants and
their descendants.
The resolution submitted by Mr. WAGGA-
MAN that the Committee on-Manufactuies be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of further
providing by law against the evasions of the tariff
on refined and other sugars, and another submit-
ted by Mr PORTER for an inquiry by the Com-
mittee on Commerce into the expediency of estab-
lishing a light-house at the Bayou St John, were
severally considered and adopted.
On motion of Mi PRESTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the joint resolution
authorizing the purchase of certain pictuies now
in this city, foi the President's House
Mi HILL objected to the bill, as involving an
unnecessary expenditure, and moved to lay the
same on the table, which was not agreed to.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading, Mr HILL asked
for the yeas and nays, which were ordered
Mi CUTHBERP made some remarks in sup-
poi t of the bill, and thought the purchase of those
ornamental pictuies were worthy the expenditure,
and would be subjects of just pride to the nation,
and he would be glad to bee the honorable mem-
ber fiom New Hampshire yield his opposition to
the bill
Mr POINDEXTER moved to fill the blank left
for the appropriation with " any sum not exceed-
ing ¿,40,000 "
Mr PORTER objected to any sum being in-
serted i i the bill at all He thought if the pic-
tures were woithy of being purchased, it was
much better to leave the price entirely at the clis-
cietion of the President
Mi PRESTON observed that the value affixed
to them was about §48,000 He thought the sum
suggested was quite sufficient, and he had no ob-
jection to if
Mi   POINDEXTER said  he had examined
these pictuies, and §40,000, it was thought, would
cover the entire cost, for some of them ought not,
and he believed would not be puicljased
¡     Mr LEIGH also was opposed to inserting the
I sum, he would prefer leaving it to the President's
I discretion.
The motion to mseit was agieed to
The question on the engrossment of the bill
was decided in the negative by a vote of—yeas 20,
nays 22, as follows
YFAS—Messis   Bell, Benton, Cuthbert, Ew-
i mg,  Goldbboiough, King of Alabama, Leigh,
Linn, McKean,  Mangum,  Pomdexter, Porter,
Preston, Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee,Smith, Tal!-
madge, Waggaman, Wnght—20
NAYS—Messrs Black, Biown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay, frelmghuysen, Grundy, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Kant, Kent, King of Georgia, Knight,
Morris, Naudam, Pientiss, Shepley, Swift, Tip-
ton, Tomlmson, Tyler, White—22
The bill from the House of Representatives to
grant )ett rs-patent to Erares B  Ogden; and
The bill authon?ing certain papéis m the De-
partment of State to be delivered to the Secretary
of War, to be used in making allowances of pen-
sions, were severally read the second time and
referred.
REPORTS   FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mr PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the bill for the relief of the
judges ot Michigan Temtory, with an opinion of
the committee unfavorable to its passage.
Mr BLACK, from*the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported unfavorably upon the pe-
titions ot William Stringer and John B. Toulmm.
I Mr. PRESTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
I tee, to which was referred the bill from the House
authorizing letters patent to be granted to Jamea
Jones, reported the same without amendment
Mr PRESTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an unfavorable leport upon the peti-
tion of Moses Haskins
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1835, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Lem-
uel Tanner, assignee of Pierre Dufiesne, which
was lead the fiist time and ordered to a second
reading
REORGANIZATION Or THE POST OFFICE
DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr EWING, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill changing the organi-
zation of the General Post Office, as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment proposed by Mr GRUNDY,
to strike out the provision, " that no increase of
compensation shall be allowed to more than double
the nett amount of postages received on the route,"
being still under consideration,
Mr EWING further opposed the amendment,
and said, when it was in order, if the amendment
proposed should be rejected, as he hoped it would,
he intended to follow up the principle embraced
in that part of the bill, by offering a further
amendment, that there should be no increase of
compensation on any route which was in existence
more than ten years
Mr GRUNDY declined discussing the propo-
sition, because he saw plainly that it was not to
be adopted The great evils now complained of
were improvident extra allowances. The bill re-
quired the Postmaster General to report to Con-
gress within ten days from the commencement of
every session, what allowances he had made, the
reasons for them, and the services for which they
had been allowed, which he thought were suffi-
cient guards against toe evils complained of, or
any others to be apprehended The limitation to
double the amount of postages on the route was
very unceitam, and in cise anything should hap-
pen to obstruct the progress of the mail on any
route, if there was no discretion left to the Post-
master General to send on the mail, it would have
to he until by the regular recurrence of the mail
■t could be carried on. One thing should be ob
served, that as much security and certainty should
be given to the contractor as possible, and then
he would have a greater inducement to make a
low bid He did not differ from the gentleman
frjom Ohio upon the punciple, but he did not
think the machine would operate advantageously
without some discretion being left in the Post-
ma ter General on this subject
Mr PORTER was opposed to gi anting any
extra al'owances whatever, and had prepared,last
night, an amendment embracing his views, but he
had since yielded to the solicitations of his fnends,
and would not now press it, but he thought the
inconveniences which the public would sustain
by taking away this unlimited power, would not
be so great as granting extra compensation in any
shape
Mr EWING said that the law before was as
imperative and explicit as to the amount of ser-
vices which was to be perfoimed, as the present
proposition, and it was disregarded, and should
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
P R j N T i: I) A :\ D P LB LI bj|££jVT_ THE JCIjj_OFJVA^Hj^GT O N, B ^BL^TrITrIVE S~
•¿i > oOMjrltESS, ¿D átSSION
lUE^DAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1835
we pass anotner, and  then another of the same
tenor
Mr E proceeded to bhow that the connecting
of route.!, ni, muuiged by artful contractors, was
a. moat fruitful source ofaouse He did not think
any danger would result from authorizing the
Podtma terGeneral to discontinue routes when he
might find the public interest required it That
the same dif cretion mm now used by the depart
merit He did not agree with the honorable chair-
man, [Vlr UittsDV,] that the revenues of a route
were to be cilui'a ed by the income" arising firm
postage between any two places, but from all the
procee Is anting fiom ¡ is'nges on that "route
lie tiiought this to be the letter and spirit ot the
.bul
Mr CLAY s nd he was opposed to all extras,
to all aHowances wnatever These ai'owances
wete founded on tie mierebt of contiactors and
ihe discretion ot the olicer That all ¡food G >v-
crunients should e deuvot to restrict discretion-
ary p iwer It follow; from the naiure of man,
thai all discretions y power will be abused He
was for stnl log at the root of the evtl,and oppose
all Mich powers
The a uendment wa.j disagreed to
The faénate next proceeded to c insider the fif
t enth section, «no n t,ed by Air Grcsdí as an
amtniinieru, in the to lowins word 
" fluí ihe expendí ures for the transportation
of the mail an J ill other expenses incide i thereto,
si „ no exceed ti e reve <ue„ of the General Tost
Ori   e,    X"
Mr (jllL N ÜY th >ug! t tne depar m'ent should
st rioit it t'i, that suitau'e ci.ecks should be
iuíi-r¡ ised, a d not leave a boundie s dtsciet on
t} the It- urtii en , tti ill hout the re train s con
tamed in the¡ru"usei amendments, it wiuil be
in tne po ver ji r  Po«'m ister Genera' to ruin
toe lieasyrv Ht contended mu tie depart-
m i t s o i'd lot I) permuted w ?(i beyond us
revenues Got r, ess would be oblige I to make
the upt in Miti i attei tne conuacts weie made,
ami ah he r i lies which gent -moi hnu so uiuci
feartd, int.'ht he iiougnl t> b'ai i e ore the a|
prii urn in '•ii u it be made, u' d Congress, must
p iv ul    i i- i I  ir_es
Mi I \\ I \U itnr«-(l the honoitble chairman
[', i t>iu\in v. it.11 i e er i il v ze-dous lor tlie
5 i In. li-i,„iy He'eievcdth i «15 t hu.nu.tcd
tl >u^ai il il il no w 1 J i e d' il er de rayi ig all
ti e t -uve-, oí i' *- de nr'i tent Ti at the 1 on e
ot tic it, iinei u< 1 be more than  ufncient
to !<-uv tl itis en s Hi'on'v Ijectmito
the 1 nf hien «i ii it it 1 <-t 1 nil ti e ide i 1 it
it* v un eim me n u t I «• < x, ei led some how or
o I tl
Mr  IjIU \iA  was "'id tie gem'tinin  [Mi
FntM I  I  i I  i    imi   lit --upoiirt of ti <• aiiienj
i itiil      I   eirhul been  an  i   em, t I «relof i  to
tn i w tht e\ Ki   <•■-      the Po-' 0* e Pepdit'ien'
on t e 1 ie i  ii         He w is fm  i-t^tnc u g its ex
| til fs i    o u      a      o 'ii e      i lieie v is t , line
[ le i i i    i us i i  t  slu ul I  a w tys  b  ohsened,
th it o  e set o    inn   m  t    III tve   i>°y   he nionev .
win   tan   tltriXjiei   c I  it      lie a.ieed vvnh tie
he aoi   (rm i Oln   , [Mi   Ivuxi,]  that  tie lev
tiiiK-ot t te Je) at  i  ei twin d b   «rnplv suffiVien
to ~.tj[ r irt. i       lift,   rtd l   «t the n tes of postage
m ,1    It -ci'i rttl   uud the exi uise thrown on the
Tien iirv
\li f \VI\G siitl the honorable chairman
1'iuv. !■ hi inn I that lie himsf f won! 1 agi'e
vvil hm oni1 i umet 'nieiit Tut lice  no
.i i i n h f mini s¡ eerh, with v. Inch in. had
f ivi uil ii í- ^t i   ie
Mi   hkl  MA  rx  i -tint tl
¡vli   l\VI\««-.    1 'I i di-uisson tti  wh'lly
nit    -    r     ts t   - i nit! i' lien'   \«oti ti piobably
¡ i s w        it    I )te ii n
\!i I !!','!! -e to in in a si g'll tilteiition Fte
v i ni vims tie unirikliiieiu m uhl |)* sb lie
\ im , I   in   i i dil>   i          s<   k n«r mi'   the w«-d
1  tliieto,'     ml  iitif'ti the t.enoiiil PiistOii e
Aitei   . on' 'urihtr toiiM.rt «ti >n beiwten Mi
1 
GRUADY, Mr KNIGHT, and Mr BIBB, the
amendment suggested by Mr BIBB was agreed
to, and the amendment was concuned in
The Senate then proceeJed to consider the
amendment proposed by Mr GRUNDY, as the
sixteenth section of the bill, providing forthepay-
ment ot all d bts due by the department on the
31st day of March next
tMr bOUl'HARD opposed the amendment
This paying of trie debts had not been called for
by the department He did not wish to interfere
in its affjurs unasked He thought, as it vtas an
appropriation, it ought not to be incorporated m
the oíd for reorganizing the department He was
opposed 11 making appropriations in the daik It
v/as not known what sum 'his would take fiom the
I ret sury Tnere was to be a commissioner to be
sure, there might be some safe'y m that The
debts, moreover, were wholly undefined It was
rot s'ated whether they weie tho e*uue last year,
or those now due ot those due a month hence
It wou'd be throwing open a door to the giossest
extiavagances. Tnere must be >omething more
than the resignation of a clerk before he could
place any confidence in that deoartment
Mr   GRUNDY said  the  department was  in
debt—that was not doubted or denied, and we
were about to take away its means    Tnat being
the case, all he asked was, that its debts should .
be paid, and if we made no such piovisior, we |
should, by takn; away its means be the cause of ¡
ti-ocreditois losing therdebts, although the money
was advanced Icr the benerrt of the people     He, I
therefore, saw no leason for calling on the Exec
Utive, or the Pos m istei G'neial, on the su'yc
But the minority of the committee were of opinion,
t'^at if we took away the means of the depart
rr e it, we ought to pay it3 debts     He adm tted
that the Pos'inaster General had no right to bind
tl-e United S ates by a loan, and ne so voted at
the last session, but if the depenmert should go
on, it would redeem itself    We all thought it
would be u iw se i ot to reorganize  the  depait
u ent, and if we did so, the question only was,
was n i 'ght to pay Ihe debts, or suffer the eredi
•ors to lose 'hem     Without legislation the credi
to s would get then debts and oy d >mg so, they
would lose them    The Postmaster General would
never say that he had  made an application  to
Cot g'ess for aid, for I e did  i ot mike it, but it
 /a« a suzjestion of himself, on the part of the
minority     On  pjitot the committee thought it
ought to le advanced, and another that it ought
not     Aid he could  not agree in the pronriety of
the remsik, that this wis not the pi ope- place for
introducing the provision     What place was so
nro[ er for supplying the dffic eney  as the bi't
winch depr vtd the department of l's means'    If
,he pnnu[ le vv  -. right to pay them, the amount
ought not to defei  the Senate fiom g anting it
If Uiesecun v proposed lor ascerfuru g the cor
icc'iie s and j islice ot the debts was lusiiun-tent,
lie had  no o ¡e ti n ti at ihe names of anv othei
person^ sbou u be nisei ted that gentlemen desired
Mi   LWING   objected to the amendment be
riuse it   was not the proper pUce in  which   ti
insert it   the only tine mode of nnkn g the apnn
rution, was, by introducing a h I! for the purpose
13 it it was uiexamp'ed to isk Congress to pay
th  debts of a Depigment Wassich a thug ever
heard ot, «itn legaid to the War or Xív\ De-
paitments llow were we to know that the deots
were actually conn icted ' Btfne he consented
•o vote -wv thing for this purno«e, he was deter
ruined ti know what those deo s were But some
of tl Ose deus consisted of di ids which were not
pnval e 'ill Septembei, 1?T), foi an icipited-er
vues.anl f wesln old ígiee tipsy ti em.ituomd
heal iwmgthe service to be rendered or not.ji.st
as ihe ere litoi pleased
Mi   PORTER thutght this a most evraordi
nary call upon ihe S-nate  to vo*eavvi>\ , on , tw o,
o   three hundred th  u-mil lo"ai' witloutknow
in«-  anything of   the piopnety of the debt con
traded     The amendment satd all the debts up to
Voi  2      No  13
the 31stMaich,and everythingmightcome within
its provisions, no matter how it was applied He
would inquire what reason there was forreposmg
all this coi fidence in the head of the department?
If it was justly due, and the money was honestly
borrowed, could not the books be shown, could
not the accounts be produced ? His strongest
objection to this amendment was the putting off
the productirn of the accounts till after the ad-
journmentof Congtess Mr P. here alluded toa
leiter over the signature of the Piesident addressed
to his cons ítueuts,, and published at New Orleans
last summer, btating that he was chaiged by it
wnh having voted against an appropiiation for
the relief of the Post Office, last session. He
recurred to the Journals to show that he had not
so voted, and sp ke at 'engih on the subject
When Mr P concluded,
Mr  GRUNDY moved an aljournment, which
prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned.
i          HOUSE OP REPRESENT 4T1VCS.
Thursday, Februcmj 5, 1835
Mr POSTER, fiom the Commi'tee on the
Judiciary, reported a bid further to amend ihe
judicial syste.n of the United States, which was
read twice
Mr F sa d the bill was one of very general
interest For tw i months it 1 ad been very ma-
turely coi siJeied by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary It made but few changes in the piesent
judicial system, and he tl ousht it ought to be
passed a the present session He therefore mov< d
tn postpone its flli the- consideiation until 1 hurs-
day next, and that it be made the special order for
that Jay
The ¡SPEAKER suggested that a bill of a sim-
ilar characier was íeported at the last session, and
remu'ned unacted on      He douoted whether it
was in order to report the piessnt bill under the
hcircumbtai ces of the esse
Mr  FOSTER explained the objects of the bill,
and contended that its p-ovisions were not analo-
gous trfthose contained m the bill referred to by
the Cha r
,    Mr JOHN Q.   ADAMS inquired whether it
was contemplated by this bill to add additional
, Judges to those who atpresent occupied the bench
' of the Supieme Court.
Mr FOSTER replied in the negative
Mr ADAMS suggested a postponement of the
bill to a more distant day, and that it be printed
Mr T03TER modified his motion,bv piooos-
lrg  to  postpone the bill to Monday week, at d
mi ke it the special order for that day
Mr CLAY remarked that this question seemed
to be one of importance He the efo e n oved a
call of the House, upon which question he called
for the yet,s and nays wlu^h weie ordeied, and
weie—yeas 34, nay& 95
Mr FO&IER said, is there appeared to be
some uifficul y on the point of order, le would
move to dischTfe tl e Cimmittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union fiom the further coi -
MJeiuion of the bill of the last sessioi on this
subject, and tnat the same be recommitted to the
Commit eeon the Jufiiciaiy, which was agreed to
The SPE'lv-Eli having deeded that the bill
His' repor ed by the committee was not in order,
■ t was wiih Irawn bvMi FOSrCii.ihechaiiman
of the Committee on the Judiciary
Mi ¡>iGE, from 'he Committee on the Public
Lands,-eported a bill for tne relief of Mai y
Iuck i, Oi Vtkansas, wluch was lead twice, and
its, fuuhei consideration postponed to Morday
i txt
Mi   SCHENCK, fiom the Committee on In-
vt'ii  Pensions, i-ported  a bill   foi  the rebel of
1 lomas  Smpson,   which  was  read twice and
committed
Il     Mr   SCHDNCK, fiom the same committee,
202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
reported a bill for the relief of Thankful Randall,
whK.li was read twice and committed
Unfavorable reports were made by Messrs
SLADC, MUHLENBERG, TDRRILL, and
GASCY, on various petitions, &x , refeued to
their respective committees
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, fiom the Com
mittee on Military Affairs, reported the following
resolution
Resolved, That from eleven to twelve o'clock
to-monow morrmg be set apart to consider the
following bills, viz A bill for the better organiza-
tion of the corps of engineers, for the gradual
increase of the corps of engineers, to appoint
additional paymasters, and a bill to continue the
subsistence department
After some remarks by Messrs JOHNSON, of
Kentucky, ASHLEY, DICKINSON, and WIL-
LIAMS,
Mr REYNOLDS moved to lay the resolution
on the table, which was agreed to—yeas 78 nays
C3
Mr TARVIS, from the Committee on the
Public Buildings, leported a bill to provide for
erecting a fire proof building foi the ac commoda
tion of the Departments of the Treasury and State,
which was read twice and committed
Mr POPE moved to proceed to the considera
tion of the orders of the day, which was agreed
to
LOUISVILLE A!\D PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr POPE rose to submit a motion, which he
said he did with great reluctance It was a mo-
tion in which thirteen States of the Union were
deeply interested He alluded to the bill in tela
tion to the Louisville and Portland canal He
moved to postpone all the orders of the day pie-
vious to this bill, for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon it.
A count having been called %>on the motion,
and the ayes having been announced to be one
hundred and three,
Mr WATMOUGH called for the yeas and
nays on the motion, which were ordered, and
were—yeas 115, nays 76
So the House detei mined to go into committee
on the bill referred to
Mi WARDWELL suggested the propriety of
also going into committee upon the bill from the
Senate, for continuing the ofhee of Commissioner
of Pensions   which was agreed to
Mr WATMOUGH lose to a question of order
He desired to   know  whether  a  bare majority
could set aside the usual and regular routine of
business '
The SPEAKER remarked that this was the
thud time that this question had been made The
Chair had again and again decided that a majority
was sufficient
f he House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr  PvrTON in the chair )
The bill to purchase the private stock in the
Louisville and Portland canal was fiist consul
ered
Mr POPE then moved an amendment, as an
additional clause to the bill
Sfc 2 And be it fuither enacted, That the sum
of J,G51,800 be, and the ssme is hereby, appropn
sted (out of any money in theTieabury notother
wise appropriated) for the purpose afoiesaid
Mr.POPEsaid Mi Chairman, I feel profoundly
grateful to honorable gentlemen foi their kindness
in consenting to postpone the orders of the day to
take up the bill under consideration I will requite
their courtesy by being very brief I should not
sty a word, sir, but that the bill before the com-
mitiee is a highly impottant one It involves the
interests of the inhabitants of an immense region,
and is entitled to the grave and respectful con
sideration of this body AH the citizens of the
transmontane Slates, in greater or less degree, are
interested in its fate, and they expect us to legis
late upon the subject in a liueial, enlightened, and
national spirit In numerous memorials which
have been presented, they invoke the interposition
of the National Legislature to disembarrass their
tiade of burthens as injurious as they are un-
righteous    They tell you that their industry and
enterprise are shackled by unwonted taxation—
that their legitimite gains aie subjected to the ex
action of ac irporation almost wholly irresponsible,
and they earnestly and respectfully call upon Con
gress for relief    Sir, they have a deep stake in
this matter    Tneu rights, their m'eiests, then
feelings, are all mvohed    Blessed with more than
plenty, they aie yet debaired a fiee and nghtful
highway to a ready market     Their surplus pro
ductions must either rot on their hands, or in tl en
transit to market be fixed almost at the will of a
licensed corporation—a corpoiation most nnprov
idently clothed with extraordmaiy  poweis, and
possessed of thft pernicious gift, perpetual  exist-
ence     Let me not be told, sir, that these foimi
dable powers were de-ived  from an act of the
Legislature of my own State    This fact does not
render them less exceptionable    The motives of
tnose who passed the act of incorporation were
pure and  praiseworthy     They intended to do
good, although  they acted  unwisely     111  their
anxiety to  furnish facilities to the navigation of
the Ohio  river they went too fai      They were
apprized of the difficulties and perils which the
falls of the Ohio presented to the navigator, and
they, theiefort, incorporated a company to con
struct the Louisville and Portlard canal     They
weie aware that there was no surplus local capital,
and it was to tempt the employment of foieign
means m the undertaking that the act complained
of was passed     Be that as it may, the ev 1 is un
questionably inflicted, and it is now the part of
wisdom and duty to adopt the best, and I may
say the only, mode of coirecting the error
Mr Chairman, if it be a part of the settled
policy of this country that objects \ urcly, essen
tially, and confessedly national, shall receive the
favorable consideiation of the Government, the
one now under discussion is most eminently enti
tied to it Recollect, sn, that it is the busy, the
enterprising, and increasing thousands of an im-
mense extent of country, who demand relief—of
a dis'pict of country which stretches from clime
to clime, comprehending with n its circuit parts
of the States of New York, Pennsylvania, Mary
land, Vnginia, and the whole of Ohio, Kentucky ,
Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Tennessee, Alabama,
Mississippi, and Louisiina, and ihe 1 emtory of
Aikansas—of an extent of co miry which includes
within Us sweep the " Gi eat Father of Rivers"
himself, and all his beautiful, unrivalled, and mag
nificent tributaries Sir, as the " King of floods "
rolls his rushing and turbid waters to the deep, he
bears upon his bosom the surplus pioducttons of
all these States and many more, much of which
find a way thiou{,h the Louisville and Portland
canal Fiom its mountain sources to its mouth,
the Ohio flows freighted with the exportations of
New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Vn-
ginia, which States receive in return, by the same
communication, the valuable and increasing agri
cultural and mineral productions of the fai South
and West Whatobject then, sn,let me inqune,
is more national than theone under consideration '
Throughout this wide spread, far-reaching land,
can any one be designated in which so many
States and so many people aie so deeply inter
ested ? Sir, there can be but one answer to thebe
questions
Mr  Chairman, the value of tb.e annual com
merce of the Ohio river is estimated by the com-
mittee that reported this  bill at five millions of
dollars     Recent information and íelection have
satisfied me that this est mate is too low     ! have
been ciedibly informed that, during the yeai 1833,
there was fieighted from the city of Cincinnati,
pioduce of the value of four millions     If this in
formation be con eat, we may safely put down the
value of the annual conmerce of the Ohio river at
this time at ten millions     This immense amount, i
su, ought to be sufficient to arrest the atten ion I
and enlist the feelings and judgment of Congress
in favor of the bill      But if it be not sufficient, let I
■us look into the futme, and behold if we can the I
events which time will leieal—let us bole onward
to the period when the forests of the "West sha 1 i
disappear before the axe of the emigrant, when
its valleys and its hill tops shall be peopled with
laborious millions—when  its mighty nveis shall
be dotted, and enlivened, and variegated with val
uable and beautiful gardens, and farms, and man-%
ufactoues, and villages, and towns, and splendid
cities—when magnificent s'eamers, rever out cf
vie , shall, " rej nemg as the} go," bear ciT the
surplus products of Ub boil, ai d let us, irqi ie if
its population will not have a right *hcn to  «um
a bolder tone, a d to demand horn the Felei.,1
Government a dispersal on of benef s ai d en
couragem^nt great as those gianteu to noie
favoied portions of the country Sir, do I make
a wild, unreal, visionaiy pieuiction, wl en I say
that this proud day of j rjspenty „ not distant'
I wi 1 not pietend to foietell the mighty destinies
of the valley of the Missisei) pi, or to portray the
world that is there leaping into existence But if
the lessons afforded by the history of the past
give us any right to found calculations upon the
future, the lapse of less than ntty yeais will pie-
sent the In it g, moving, and wondious specttcle
which I have depicted Porty five years ago the
territory which is now the State of Ohio was a
wildelness Natuie theie reposed in primeval
and unmvaded grandeui, save only when it was
distuibed by the piowhn s of the wild bea t, and,
the roaming footbteps of the savage Now it
numbers and sustains more than a million of in
habí ants, ranks the tlnd State in the Union, ai d
is still hurrying onwaid in her brig1 t career
In 1817, Mr Chairman, when steamboats began
to obtain general u^e on the western watei*., the
commerce between Pittsburg and New Oileans
employed about twenty barges, and me bundled
keel boats, geneially of small dimensn n„ and
cap.city I know not the number now en ployed
in the exclusive trade of those two citieb, but 1 do
know that the whole trade of the Ohio ai d Mis-
sissippi, and their tnbutaneb, gives employment
to about three hundred steamboats, and more than
two thousand fl it and keel boats As population
increases in the West its commerce must n c ease
and no matter how much it may augment, it mubt
enduie afl oppiessive aid perpetual tax, unless
Congress shall see proper to remove it Sn , the
inhabitants of that region feel and know tl is
They see that their industry and trade are sub
jeued to a most oneious impost, wh le that of
other portions of the Confederacy is en ¡rely freed
fiom it They see hat obstructions to tl e navi-
gation of eastern and northern rivers, inconsider-
able when compared with the Ohio, have been
removed entnely at the pxpense of the Genetal
Government, and no loca' tax imposed on tho< e
who profited by it They spe that a Delawaie
bieakwatei has been cinstructed at the common
expense, and Philadelphia and the suiiounding
country paying no local charges theiefor They
know thu large sums aie annually appropriated
by Corgre«s to construct and improve harbors
a'ong the sea coa^t and the lakes, to plant buoys,
build and support light houses, and no 'ocal tax
paid by those who gam by the expenditme Sir,
they do not cavil abouf or com pi Tin of thfetl mgcj,
but they «ay tha* the ohjpct rf tnis bill is more
national than any or all of these They thml that
these acts of favor to our noitl em and eastein
brethien, give them a r ght to claim something
from the bounty and liberality of their Govern
ment They tell you thatthe Falls of the Ohio con-
stituted an obstructic n to the navigation of a river,
in the removal of which thirteen States weie
duectly mteieoted, and seveial others indirectly
interested— hat the obstruction was only about
two miles in lergth,and shou d nave been lemoved
asm sll similar mitinees, at the expense of the
Generil Government—that it «as done (>r lather
avoided) bya privatecoiporation acting under the
autl oruy of acnarter most incautiously gianted—
that the corporation has a ri^ht, and will, in pro-
cess of time, le^y upon then commerce (for who
can set bounds to human ct p dity ) an annual tax
of at least one hundied and f fty thousand dollars
—that undei most disadvp l'ageous < ir< umstar ces,
the company received in the y ai 1833, fiom tolls,
the sum of £G0,73G 92—tlatthis lux is a vam¡ ue
which is fattening upon then eneigies—that their
trade cirnot we 1 sustain it—tl at it is an unac
Cus omed and perpetual imposi ion—and they
earnestly call upon Congress for relief Sir, let
me add my feeble voice to theirs in this appeal
Let me invoke this body to give a friendly ear to
then complaints Look, sir, at the list appended
to the report of the Corr mittee on Reads and
Canals, ard you will find that some of the steam-
boats are compelled to pay as much as pSO foi a
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
passage through this canal, and must do this
whether freighted or empty. Look at the number
of boats that pass the canal, and the amount of
toll paid by each, and then answer if the evils com-
plained or' are not most grevious and unprece-
dented? Examine the report and you will find
that the tolls have increased every year; that not-
withstanding the company had to encounter un-
foreseen difficulties and expense and to repair and
guard against unexpected disasters, they yet
divided, for the year 1833, six per cent, on the
original stock subscribed, and also declared a
dividend of three and a half per cent, for the first
six months of the last,year, bote on the old and
new subscriptions. Sir, the dividends must in-
crease. The company has the uncontrollable
power to make them increase. But suppose they
do not. Does not the present rate of toil amount
to an oppressive impost? Let me invoke honora-
ble gentlemen to view this subject in a proper
lio-ht. Let me beseech them to examine it with
the liberal and expanded understandings of states-
men. 1 can assure them that the munificence of
Government could not be extended to citizens more
it is most unfortunate that a private company was
ever incorporated for this purpose.    The proper
way to have accomplished the public wishes, would
have been to have applied originally and directly
to this body—to have stated that the navigation of
the Ohio river was interrupted by a natural obsta-
¡ ele—that a vast portion of the country was vitally
| interested   in  overcoming  this  obstacle—lhat it
I could be done with safety and success o.nly by con-
: structmg a canal, and then demand that as it was for a
| nation's use, it should be accomplished with a nation's
: purse.    It would then havestood confessedly upon
j the same footing as applications to remove snags
I and sand bars in the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
¡ which, we know, have been removed by the sanc-
J tion of Congress.    Would Congress have refused
■ the application, in such ashapej    Could they have
| refused ?    No, sir, not when the Delaware break-
! water, and a thousand other improvements of in-
] ferior importance,  stand  as  monuments of the
\ nation's liberality.    If Congress would, or ought
| to have done so in the first instance, is there any
| legitimate reason why they should not now step
forward and assume upon trfe nation tne expense
attached to their country and its institutions than n of the construction of the canal r 1 think not.
they are or more ready to respond to the call of I1 Let me state a case which seems to me to be ap-
duty Thev are enterprising, industrious, patri- |j posite. We all know that light-houses are erected
otic They "ask but for free trade and equal lights !, and sustained at the common expense. Suppose,
—they want no more. That they have been taidy ¡| under a charter granted by Massachusetts when
in callin°- upon you, is no objection to their claim. || a colony, a private company had erected a light-
That the Government has already subscribed for |l house, and in the shape of tolls were levying a tax
a portion of the stock with the view of aiding the ¡ on vessels, to the injury and oppression of the
work is no reason why it should not now pur- \\ citizens of that and other States, and the parties
chase the whole stock and make the navigation of |! injured were to apply to Congress to purchase the
the river free to all on the terms suggested by the ¡; rights of the company, and free them from the
mmillee in their report.                                           I; exactions of the corporation, would Congress hesi-
Let not the claims of our people be prejudiced ¡; tate to do so?    Could they refuse to place the ap-
r the unfounded suspicion, that this measure is a h plicants upon the same footing with theci.izens of
■    '•    ■     .........-t. ..i.i — <■— il other Stales who paid  no tax for like benefits?
Would Congress tell them you once had a fair
claim, but it has been forfeited Ly the act of Mas-
sachusetts.    Sir, every sentiment of justice would
trick puf on foot by designing stockholders for
selfish purposes. 1 assure this body that such is
not the fact. They have no such purpose—tliey
have, they can have no molive, no inducement to
originate such a scheme. The stock is neaily at
par in the market—yields now about six percent,
per annum profit on the amount invested, and the
company have ihe chartered right to make it yield
■                        .....---.....      I do solemnly
forbid it. Every impulse of patriotism would pre-
vent it. Le' not, then, an unwise act of the Le-
gislature of Kentucky forfeit the undoubted rights
of the people of the valley of the Mississippi,
but extend to them the same measure of justice
eighteen ner centum per annum.    * *jo ou«->."../   , ~-------------    -                                       ,      c ..-.
believe that it is, or will be, the most profitable [{ that you would extend to the people of Mas.a-
stock in the.Unitcd States.    The stockholders aie :i cluisetts.
nossessed of the most valuable charter fn the coun- ,'      In «wl           ,
ny, and they know ic.    No, sir, it is the people l| voke the committee to give to this *ul jeet a fan ,
who are not stockholders that have made this gen- !  '• -•
eral movement, and have loaded our tables with \\
petitions and memorials for relief.    The stern die- ;¡
tales of justice require that Congress should yield lj
to their petitions.    Sir, let justice be done though I,
the heavens fall.    Deny not their wishes.   "Now;
is the accepted lime"to grant it if you mean ever ¡j
to grant it.    The bill precludes ihe possibility oí j
imposition upon the Government, because it limits ¡;
the price to be given at one hundred dollars a share. '•
The pinchase of the slock will cause no fiscal in- |:
convenience, no sensible effect upon the treasury,
because it will  be gradual.    By occasional pur-
chases, the Government will obtain a roajoiity oí ;;
the shares, and can thus control the manaireiient ':
of the corporation.    Let me not be understood as ,|
beinu- willing to  perpelrate injustice upon those o
\vho°have risked their funds in the adventuie—I ..
mean  no such  thing.    I  scorn to wrong either j;
them or others.     But 1 mean to say that Congress ¡I
should  assume such a  position lhat they couM
announce to ihe stockholders that the woi k should
be a  public work—that piivate interests shou.d
vieldlothegeneralgood— that.remuneration hemg
first made, it is  justifiable to appropriate private
property to the public use—that, having the power
lo prevent the imposition of exorbitant tolls, nay.
Id reduce them as low as they please, they will
feel justified in exercising that power, un.ess the
stockholders will  part with  their stock at a fair
price, and permit a g.eat highway of States to hen
free hishway     Sir, I doul.t not that the stockhold-
ers, or a majority of them, will consent to do so.
I know that some of them are willing to accede to
such a proposition.    Why then shall it not be
done?    I have heard ifstated in casual conversa-
tions, that, inasmuch as the canal is already com-
pleied.and Congress have aided to complete it, by
subscribing two hundred and ninety thousand dol-
lars of the stock, that it is all we should ask. bir,
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, let me again in-
;ti! ject a fair
li eral, and candid consideration. Let them de-
cide upon the bill under ihe influence of elevated
sentiments. Let them bear in mind that the
interests of millions is at stake. Let them recol-
lect that the bill proposed to relieve from taxation I
(excepting what may I e neessary to keep the I
canal in repair, and "pay the requisite charges of
superintendence} the commerce ihat now Hows,
and which will fl >w n. all time to come, from the
navigable sources of the AlUghany and Monon-
ffahela rivers, and all the tubut-ries of tiie Ohio
and Mississippi, down to New Oileans, and also ;
to relieve from impost what will lie biought from I
that modern Babel back to the respective heads
of na\i alion. Let them reflect seriously on this,
and then answer in good faith, if the rejection of
the bi!l under consideration will not be attended
with manifold evils, and crying injustice to the
neople of that country. Sir. let Congress act in
the premises, as becomes the Legislature of a great
nation. At the close of the year 1833, there was
paid into the national Tieasury, as the nornon of
the Government's tolls, the sum of §14 010 This
will annually increase. Let us disdain then to
fatten on the fruits of the energies of bur fallow-
citizens. Let us pass a lav/ authorizing the pin-
chase of the individual stock in the company, and
then make an offtiing of the whole on the altar
of the common good.' Let this be done with the
nation's means, because no State can, will, or
ou ht to do it. Ohio will n..t do it, Indiana will
not do it. Kentucky cannot be required to do it.
Her interest in the measure is no greater than that
of her neighbors, although the canal is constructed
through an elbow, a nook of her territory. No
one of the transmontarle States will do it with her
separate means. It will never be done with their
■united resources, because the poverty of many,
and the disagreeing, disunited, and divided coun-
cils of all, will ever prevent it. Let then, 1 repeat,
the common purse be opened to remove, now and
forever, the tax imposed on the navigation of a
river, whose waters, prolonged as they are, would
be freely empurpled with the blood of battle,
should the country's voice ever require it to flow
in her defence.
Mr. McKIM inquired at what price the stock
was in the market.
Mr. POPE replied, he had no precise informa-
tion on that point.        .    .
Mr. BURGES said this was altogether a new
project, and he had no recollection that a similar
one had ever been presented before. Congress
had frequently appropriated money for executing
public works, and for the purchase of private
property, on which to erect them; but this was a
project to pui chase of a company of stockholders
a work already completed. It was said that it
was desirable to relieve the people of the tolls, and
that the work would be profitable; but he had no
doubt they would always have to pay toll enough
to keep it in repair, and he did not believe theie
would be any profit. But there was another view
of the subject. The cost was, in all cases, paid
by the consumer, and in the one under.considera-
lion, was paid by the people of the East for
those pioductions they requhed, and by the peo-
ple of the West Indies for what they-consumed.
After some further remarks, Mr. B. concluded by
declaring his intention to vote against the propo-
sition.
Mr. VANDERPOEL  said  he had  voted  to
postpone ail the orders of the day, for the pur-
pose  of giving his friend  from Kentucky  [Mr.
Pope] the opportunity of bringing this subject,
which seemed to be a very favorite one to htm,
before the House.    He had listened to the hon-
orable gentleman with great attention-, and he wt.s
¡ sony,sofaras his honorable friend was concerned,
| that  he had   not succeeded  in   convincing him
¡ (Mr.V.)that he could on principle vote for tne bill
I under consideration.    He did not mean to make
• an elaborate speech on the subject, but he deemed
I it incumbent upon Him to state that the bill was
' important, not only in reference to a constitutional
I principle, but also in  regard to the question of
, expediency.    Tnere was a class of gemlemen on
I this floor who believed lhat this Government had
1 no right lo appropriate the money of the people
■  for works of internal improvemem. There was
! another class who believed that such appropria-
1 Pons could not be made by us, unless it were for
¡ objects clearly national  in their character.    Ha
■  would appeal to these gentlemen, and ask them
| what the bill under consideration proposed ? It
[proposed to appropriate the formidable sum of
l six bundled and fifty thousand dollars to purchase
! the interest of a joint stock company in a short
1 canal in the West. Now, he would ask what was
i the diffVrenee, in a constitutional point of view,
1 between appropriating money to construct a work,
nd appropriating money to puicliase a work of
this description af er it was constructed? If the
one was unconstnuiiorta!, he had not discrimina-
tion enough to see why the other was not equally
so.
It had, however, been contended by the honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky, probably in nnti-
, i pat ion of this point, that this was analiov.al object.
Jf this was national, could he not present an anal-
ogous case, which would ceilamly not be enter-
tained a moment by this House, if pioposed heie.
Our great NewYoik Erie-can .1 was certainly more
national than the lutle c«i under consideiation, both
in reference to the vast regions of country which
are connected, and t he amount of produce and mer-
chandize which flowed through it.   Consider, air,
Ihe immense territory bordering  on our western
I lalfes und upon tlie Ohio, whoso rich productions
, flow through this canal.   Suppose the inhabitants
l of the West, whose exports and imports passed
i through this canal,\iere to petition you for relief,
| were to tell y. u that it was very inconvenient for
! them to pay the tolls and tribute exacted by them
• from the State of New York, and respectfully
i prayed' you to pay New York the eight or tune
! million which this canal has cost New York, and
' make it free, would you not be surprised at ihe
. assurance which might dátate a request so extiav-
i oifint'   And yet, it could not be denied that the
; proposition to buy the Erie canal was lull out
204____________              THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________February 5,
more defensible on the score of nationality than
the project contained m'this bill It was also true
that the great West, whose exports and imports
passed through this canal, could urge with greater
force the argument with which this bill was sought
to be supported. Our farmers in the westei n part
of New York did not no w find it an object in con-
sequence of the canal tolls to send their coarse
grains, their rye and corn, to the New York mar-
ket. They could not compete as to these articles
with those who lived on nature's navigable waters.
Let them, if this bill passes, petition Congress to
purchase the great western canal and make it a
free highway There will then be a precedent for
the enormous appropriation that such a scheme
would require.
But the,re was another objection to the bill. It
proposed to take this canal from a company and
give it to the Government, which he believed was
always most illy calculated to manage a work of
this description economically. Pass the bill, and
you will create at once a host of agents and super-
intendents,and new leeches upon your Treasury
This Government was already too much connected
•with canals for its inteiest He wished it could
be wholly severed from them. For his own part
he would rather retrograde than go further. The
interests of our constituents required that we
should rather r.etrace our steps than progress fur-
ther in this draining and mischievous policy.
Mr. MERCER said he had heard to-day most
extraordinary doctrines advanced upon that floor.
One from a gentleman from New York, in relation
tc* the duty on coal, and now it was contended
that artificial navigation was prefei able to natural
He said it had been admitted and established by
the highest authority that the General Government
was bound to remove the obstructions in the Ohio
and other great navigable rivers. If it was com-
petentforthe Government to remove obstructions
by cutting out a rock or deepening a channel, it
was equally so to improve the navigation, by cut-
ting around a fall. Mi. M. dwelt at considerable
length on the great importance of the navigation
of this river to the prosperity of the country,
and no man, he said, could predict with any degree
of certainty, what would be its overwhelming
increase of importance in the process of a few
years. He deemed the removal of the obstructions
at the Indian Shute a matter of primary interest.
Anotherconsideration (Mr M said) would induce
him to give a favorable view of this bill. The
West, from its natural position, had not shaied
so liberally in the expendituies of the General
Government, in consequence of requn ing the erec-
tion of no fortifications on her loity eminences,
where no enemy would ever dare to approach
He was anxious, theiefore, that a pioportionate
expenditure should be made in her internal im-
provements, lie was in favorof the bill because
it was necessaiy, before the Government could
act effectually, to extinguish the tule of others to
this canal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said, while he
had held a seat on this floor he had never allowed
sectional feelings (o control his votes in the appro-
priation of the public treasme. He had never
either felt or shown favoritism for one part of the
country more than another But if gentlemen
would cast their eyes over the list of public
expenditures, they would see the amount for
Kentucky all but a perfect blank, if you except
the pension fund. Among the hundreds of mil-
lions expended by the Government, how much
(he asked) had been appropriated to Kentucky'
He repeated, that in all the votes he had ever
given on the expenditure of public money for
other parts of the country, he had voted with the
same feelings that he would have done had it been
for the benefit of the county in which lie resided
This was a bill for the benefit of nine different
States, though the expenditure happened to be m
the State of Kentucky, and he did not believe
there was a point moie interesting to the geneial
prosperity connected with the great waters of the
West. Mr. J said he wished no gentleman to
support a measure which he might, by any con-
struction, deem unconstitutional. Here, he con-
tended, was a legitimate object of appropnation,
where he supposed no such scruples could exist.
He again appealed to the liberality and justice of
the com'mittee, which could only be evinced in the
passage of the bill
Mr ALLEN, of Virginia, addressed the com-
mittee in favor of the bill. He was surprised at
the constitutional ob|ection advanced by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mi Vanberpoel ]
He would as.k if that gentleman had any const.tu-
tional scruples against the improvement of the
navigation of the Hudson river, by the removal of
the obstructions at the Overslaugh? This work
was precisely similar in its nature, and more
national in its object. Mr. A. went into a further
comparison of this work with other great works
of admitted national character That gentleman
had contended that the commerce on the Erie
canal was ten times greater than that on the
Ohio He believed the gentleman could have but a
very indistinct idea of the commerce of the West;
for he could with greater safety assert that the
reverse was the fact—that the commerce of theOhio
was ten times greatei than that of the New York
canal. But what was the prospect ahead' The
stock of this company was now at par. In the
course of a few years it would doubtless be three
or four hundred per cent above par He believed
it the duty, theiefore, of the Government, as a
matter of economy, to seize the earliest opportu-
nity of securing the stock.
Mi. BOULDIN said he had voted to take up
this bill from courtesy to the mover of it, and with
a view to the economy in the time of the House.
But he should vote against the passage of the bill
in all its stages He said it was not necessary for
him to say anything to show his conviction that
such works of internal improvement could not be
constitutionally mad  by the General Govern ment
He had no idea of voting for the purchase of any
such stock as that proposed by this bill to be
bought, and should vote against the purchase
upon any terms whatever.           •
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said it was known
that the Government of the United S'ates was a
joint stockholder in the Louisville and Portland
canal, and that it was also interested in some
other impiovements in the country. He thought
it must be conceded, from common respect to
those who had gone before us, and who had
authorized these subscriptions, that they must
have been satisfied that the several works in which
the Government had become interested as a stock-
holder were calculated to promote the public
good, and unquestionably that the investment was
not to be thiown away. Now, he thought it
became us to reflect that if we adopt the punciple
involved m the bill under consideration, we could
not, in common justice, refuse to act up to it
when applications should be made from othei
companies The company of whose stock it was
proposed the Government should become the ex-
clusive proprietor, had not, as yet, so far as he
was informed, divided one cent of profit, nor had
paid their debt
Mr. POPE explained. The company had di-
vided six per cent, on the shares in the year 1833,
and the Government had received $14,010 on
account of its third share of the stock Moreover,
as he had before stated, a dividend of three and a I
half per cent had been paid for six months of last
year, and there would be a further one of more
than two per cent
Mr. MASON proceeded. He had no other
means of information than that afforded by the
report, and from which he certainly understood
that the debts could not be paid before 1837, and
therefore it was a fair inference, that if they had
not paid their debts, they could have shdred no
profits. This was also borne out by the fact, that
the stock was still beiow its par value in the mar-
ket; and when we took into consideration the im-
mense amount of uninvested capital in the country,
in consequence of the liquidation of our national
debt and other causes, and that most stocks were
now above par, he thought they could not conceal
from themselves the fact, that the stock of the
Louisville and Portland canal was not likely to
turn out a good investment, or it never would
have sunk below par. But setting this aside, he
again called ¿he attention of the committee to the
fact, that if the Government should become the
exclusive propuetor of this stock, we could not,
m common justice, refuse to become the exclusive '
proprietors of the stock of all those companies in
which we were interested, whenever the said com-
panies should think fit to mike an application to
that effect The same principle which justiñtd
the one, would apply with equal foice to all other
cases How could ihey refuse to take the whob
stock of the great canal leading from the Potomac
to the western waters' How refuse the Dismal
Swamp canal, which, in the opinion of eveiy one
conversant with the subject, was une of the most
important and valuable works in the country' He
had listened with great pleasuie and satisfaction
yes'erday to the able and lucid aigument of ti e
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] on a
subject somewhat similar to the present That
gentleman expressed sentiments which Mr M
hoped yet to see become the ruling principle of
our councils; he meant, that the expenses of the
General Government should be confined within its
legitimate objects, viz providing for the aimy,
navy, civil list, &c , as defined by the Constitu-
tion. He should be rejoiced if he could hear trie
same gentleman give an exposition of his views
on the present subject
Mr M said he should, perhaps, be found m
a small minority in the Committee of the Whole
upon that question, but he would at once can-
didly confess that he had a constitutional objec-
tion to this measure, and it appeared to him to
possess much more force than gentlemen seemed
to attribute to it. It was not his intention to go
into any argument upon the powers of that House
to undertake works of internal improvements
His own opinions were made up, and had long
been made up on that question, and although every
day's experience in legislation confirmed him in
the opinion that the Government of the United
States could not, under the provisions of the Con-
stitution, engage in works of internal improvement
in the United States; and although he considered
this bill as a violation of that principle, he did not
purpose to discuss that question at the present
time
But in what aspect did the bill present itself
there' The Legislature of Kentucky had char-
tered a company to undertake and complete a cei-
tain work Individuals had subscribed and paid
stock, by which the work had been executed, and
which had become their pnvate propeity The
canal was their real estate Now it was proposed
by this bill that the Government of the United
States should become the pui chaser of this real
es'ate Where could be found the power to do
this' It was not in the Constitution of the United
States. The only provision in that instrument,
relating to this point, was that which authorized
Congress to purchase places for the election of
forts, magazines, arsenals, dock yards, &c , but
that puichase must, in all cases,be made "by the
consent of the Legislature of the State m which
the same shall be " This was plainly designated
and described, and he could find nothing to justify
the exercise of the power claimed in the bill Defore
the committee. He was fully aware he entertained
opinions with regard to the Constitution in which
he would not be sustained by a majority of the
committee, but this he could not avoid. His own
opinion was, that under that instrument, Congress
had no right to take this stock.
There was also another view in which thn sub-
ject should be considered, and it was this: the
question was not whether the trade that passed
down the river Ohio should cease to be incom-
moded by the obstruction at the falls—it was not
whether the Government should make that im-
provement, for the improvement was already
made, the question was whether the United States
should buy out the shares in the bank stock from
individual stockholder, at a price which must
necessarily exceed the present maiket value of
them He said exceed, because the moment this
bill passed, the puce of shares Would rise to the
maximum. It has been urged as a just ground of
complaint that the trade upon that river was
heavily and unnecessarily taxed by the imposition
of tolls He was astonished to hear such an argu-
ment made use of as a subject of complaint. The
trade on the Ohio river had been benefited already
to a greater extent than any other channel m the
United States. Repeated expenditures of public
money had been made, for which the people there
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
had never been taxed one cent. The trade which
fl m'rtl unit.¡.•if wiuerihod been promo'ed by large
ai d repeated expenditures of t.ie public money,
ioi winch lb* Government leceivtd no'hing in the
shape of lols, and h* believed he could safely
uvei that iheie "was not an internal navigation in
the whole Union, not a river, or a water course,
upon whose bosom the produce of the farmer was
carried to market subject to .so few charges as upon
the Oni j river Look at ihe rivers of Virginia, of
New York, and of other Slates, all the ímprove-
ments^iad been effected by individual enterprise,
and the farmer cheeifully pa.d his quota of taxa-
tion Look at the young Stuie of Indiana, willing
even to exhaust her resources in constructing the
gieat canal to Like Crie. Besides, the United
tí ates had already subscribed one third of the
wnole stock to this canal, and the petitioners for
the proposition before the committee had no just
cau**e oí compl lint
Tnere w« alio another point he thought worthy
of coit-ideration There was no provision in the
bill or the amendment making the navigation free,
but it proposed to commue a tariff of toils Nov/,
lie would put it to the committee, who was to regu-
late that taufT *■ At whose disci etion was it to be'
Supposing ihe to! 9 wee msuffi-ient to keep the
canal in reputi, who was to f,x their rate* if too
low, who shouid riHP ihein, if too high, who was
t> depress them' This was pei hips compaia-
tu ely ¡,n u.nr ipe-r antque*- ion, but still it Involved
0  le of n> lite'e eiiil argument, and one which,
\Mih   hill,   if no   otnei   consideran m   presented
1  ^e'f, woul I 11 du e h m to vote against il If
com den i- in oc a publi* character justified the
¡1 ir hise of th° s'ock of U111 canal, make it a free
highway, do it e "ectuahy a' once, employ a
si.p*r iHí-tiile-it, pay I 1111 a certain fixed salary,
at d pay 1 'I tie netdtul expenses of keeping the
wu'k 1 1 r*p i r.
Cn'ertnm n_r, (Vüd Mr M ,) in conclusion, the
opun ins u  di 1, tnut they had in right to become
fie pro jne ors of u is canal, and consequently no
r.glu to make ihe purchase, believing also that if
tiiey did iro gu d w> uíd íesul-, but, oti the con-
trai y, me \ei y mum< nt thai índ vid ml& ceased to
be 1 teiested 1 1 it as lhe>r own private property,
the very m-I'le-H all secur ty for that vigorous
a- d coi itd it alien .on *vl.ieh works of tins nature
requ red vvou'd le iosl, furthermore, considering
tha the piujcctors weie entitle I to all the benefi's
of the e-vei nue, rnd in fine that the burdens
depi leu were n >t sui h a- ihe petitioners had a
ngh' l> c iii| 1111 of, he c uid not vote for this
bill in 1 iy pissib'c form 11 which it might be
p esenie 1
Mr UCN1\Y d,J not i-ite id to enter into an
argu iient 01 tie me¡its ~>r t*i >i!, buf so ne
r*-maiKs wnir'i I d,js f '-1 r. 1 1 >e gentleman
iiom Vng ma [Mi \1 *. 1 j n ' I 11 ca'i foi a
leply     1 hat e.em'eii u i e               '  I* *>* li e Gov-
ernment ha I no c )  s ¡ra 1             <       u   n irehase
th'S ScO k      I   v e 1 .d i) c         ,        1   ors 11  part,
why cou'd we 11 11' so i>. a . ' it uie const! u-
tionai nsht, as it bad been so of'en exp-ess'Hl
here by the other Iminch of the National L*gis-
latuie and by the Exeru' ve, existed to necin>e
tne owner of a part of the shares of ti s 'toolf
what should obstruct the light to posse-s the
whole; This principle he conceived to be defini-
tively settled, and it was merely a question of
expediency, of policy. Tho^e who opposed the
constitutional power of the Government to make
appropriations fji interna! impiovements had ever
admired the lmnrove vient of the nav igation of the
gieat meis tube eveption to their geneial
ru'e This work, he cintended, was truly and
emphatic illy n\ti mal, involving the \uai interest
of not oniy nine Fta es, as had been suzgested, but
of eleven Mi 1) > lluded to the vase amoun' of
freight pai 1 by the West for the productions of the
Sou'hand Cut, ami showed by afabular statement
ihe to'ii of some single boats to be upwards of one
1. li dreJ doll rs He concluded by niging the
impoittrce of the work to ihe western country,
and expiessmg a hope foi the passage of the bill.
Mr II YWTS did not wish lo obstina mine
re nnly 1I11 pin ige of the bill, but 111 | istice
l- hiuneli, he wo lid chum the ntltntion of ihe
House for a few moments, for the purpose of ex-
plain!.ij tne voce lit should g.ve on this subject
]     The Legislatuie of his State had, by perhaps
( a unanimous vote, requested him to vote for this
measure. He considered 1' improper for a member
of Congress thus circumstanced, to vote against
the wishes of his Legislature, upon light or Trivial
grounds. When the measure was intended to
benefit his own State, he should not oppose it,
except upon high considerations. It would proo-
ably appear strange, under tnese circumstances,
that he should oppose this bill. He should never-
theless do so upon grounds which he had always
assumed and maintained, namely, that it w% im-
proper for the General Government to appropriate
1 money for improvements within the States. Be-
sides, the Government was incapable of carrying
on and superintending this canal so as to produce
any practical good or benefit. Paes this bill and
pay the private stockholders their money, and
(said Mr H ) the canal will be immediately de-
stroyed, and the navigation again impeded In
two years from ihe passage of such an act as the
one proposed, the difficulties in passing the Fulls
of the Ohio would be equally as great as they were
before the canal was made Such was the history
of ail the works made by the National Govern-
ment. He would do no act calculated to destroy
or disturb 1 mpropeilythi3 important impiovement.
He could not, consc.eniioubly, vote foi tins bill
for the leasons wnich he had assigned
Mr PEARCE advocated the billatconsiderable
length lie combated the idea that it would form
a precedent which would lead to the necessity
of puichasing the Dismal Sjwamp canal or any
other. And as to the Ne* York canals, gentle
men might be under no apprehensions of their
be.ng offered to the Government, while they con-
tinued to yield their present piofits in alluding to
the importance of improving the nav ga ion of the
Ohio, Mr P referred to the crcums arce of some
of his fellow-townsmen in 1804, havng sent hands
to Manetta toconsiiuct aship, which would have
proved a pi ofitkblespeculation, had it not met with
an accident winch icndeied it useless in pnpsirg
the Fails of the O 110     Mi   P , after cons.aermg
•*some other objections, concluded by saying ne
could see no impropriety 111 trie passage of the bill,
and he should have no objection to giving his vote
in its favor.
Mr McCOMASsaid, a large portion of his con-
stituents were interested in tms canal About two
mdltons bushels of salt annually mamifactured at
the Kei haiva sal ne passed the Falls of the Ohio,
either by way of the canal 01 otnervvise Great
embarrassments had been experienced, owing to
the obstruc ions in the river ut this pi ce The
deleienous effects produced by them were felt not
orly in regaid to the arnc'e to which he had re-
ferred, but in rel&t-on to every artic'e of produce
raised above the Fills, and which was intended
for the mi-ket belo.vthat point Any gentle ¡mn
vv-io wou'J turn his attention to the Ohio river,
wou'u at once see the peculiarly national character
ot the improvement at the fail  of the nvei . He
was 11 favor of a strict construct-on of the Con-
s nation on subjects of this character, but this was
a case which he considered presented no constitu-
tional diffi   'lty
His vvorlhy friend and colleague [Mr Mv.se .]
seemed alarmed lest we should be asked in some
future occt-si)- ti onrchase the stock on various
other woiks—the Dismil Swamp canal foi in-
sta- ce. There was cei.ainly no analogy between
tnose works The Dismal Swamp canal was
twenty-nine miles 111 length, and connects itself
with the Roa-ioke nver—a stream ful! of cataracts
and obs'rucnons If the w irks on the Ohio river
were to be put down by compansois of this sort,
we might with equal propriety pu.. down and de-
stroy your light houses, etc
Mr McC referred to die great extent cf trade
earned on through An c-mal It was intimately
connected with the best interests of the country
Even the Athnticsea boird was deeply concerne*!
m this impiovement Who were the individuals
who passed down the Ohio nvei' For the meftt
pirt, the poorer classes who emigrate to the west
for the purpose of seeking homes, for themselves
and then families In every aspect in which the
subject could be viewed, the propriety of the pas
sage of this bill was rendered obvious. He could
see no difleience in puichasing the canal, from
the individuals who had made it, and an original
proposition to clear out the obstructions to the
navigation Besides, the Government was already
a stockholder in the canal. This Housepossessed
the power of judging fur itself of the nationality
of th.s improvement. The objections which
might be interposed by the President were ob-
viated by the fact, that a port of entry was estab-
lished above the Falls of the Ohio, at Pittsburg.
This would form no objection with him.
Mr McC. thought the passage of the bill justly
due to the people inhabiting the western country.
Very little of the pap of the Treasury had been
distributed west of the Alleghanies for public
improvements. In times of danger and peril, no
pot lion of the people of this Union acted with
more determined bravery—all they asked was a
participation in the benefits which were extended
to other sections of the country—that these benefits
should not be confined exclusively to those dis-
tricts where salt water flowed. Upon a full view
of the subject, he could see no objection to the
passage of the bill, and he hoped that it would
receive the favorable consideration of the House.
Mr FILLMORE rose to put a question relat-
ing to some legal points connected with the char-
ter and officers of the company
Mr. POPE moved as an amendment to add
at the end of the bill, " and pay the necessary
charges and expenses of superintendence "
The question being taken, it was decided in tlie
negative
The bill was then laid aside.
COMMISSION ER OP'PENSrONS.
On motion of Mr WARDWELL,
The committee then proceeded to consider the
bill from  ihe Senate fi,r continuing the office of
Comm-ssioner of Pensions; which was read and
laid aside
f\c sim'Le of Washington's accounts.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the committee
proceed to consider the bill providing for the pur-
chase of two hundred copies of the fac simile ac-
counts of General Washington; which was agreed
to
The bill was then read and laid aside.
OnmotioHofMi  FILLMORE,
The committee then rose and reported the three
bills to -he House, without amendment.
Tne SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
Mr. BARR1NGER moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill relative to the Louisville
and Portland canal, which motion he advocated
at some length
The bill was then, on motion of Mr LYTLE,
postponed till Monday next—ayes 107, noes not
counted.
The bill for continuing the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions was next taken up, and an
additional section was offered by Mr. McfilM, as
an amendment; which was adopted.
This bill, and that to purchase two hundred
copie  of the fac simile of General Washington's
accounts were then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time to-morrow
Several unsuccessful motions were made to go
into committee on various bills, when,
On motion of Mr   BRIGGS,
The House adjourned                        *
IN SENATE
Frid\t, T'tbjttary 6, 1835
Mr   SHEPLEY presented   the credentials of
the Hon   JOHN RUGGLES, elected a Senator
fiom  the State of Maine, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of the Hon  Peleg
SriiAOCE
Mr RUGGLES having presented himself, the
oath was administered, and he took his seat in the
Senate.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE NAVY DEPART-
MENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
relative to the claims of the owners of the private
armed brig Neptune and Fox.
206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fel iMni*} 6,
REPQRJTb  or COM-VIHTEES
Mr PtiüN I lisS, from the Committee on Pen
810113, repotted a bill lor the relief of Richaid An
deroon
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Gimmit
tee, to whuii wao refened the íesolution of the
Senate directing an inquiry into the exoeuiency
of cunnecung the thud and fiurth judicial dis-
tricts, and to extend the benefits of the judiciary
sy3tem to the western States, reported a bill re
oi gamzing the judicial en cults of ihe United S'ates,
and connecting the two diotucts foimed of ihe
States of New Jersey, Pennsy'vama, Delaware, i
and Maryland, into one district
Mr KING, of Alabama, from the Committee j
on Military AtTurs, repoitetf a bid for the ieh f of I
John II  Bell
The snd bills were severally read the first time,
and ordered to a sec ond i eadtng
Mr WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi
nance, to which w is rcfeiled he bill to uthoiize
George VVitman to impirtan non steamboat m
deteched porta, free of duty, reponed the same
with an amendment
Mr Lr lGrll, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
t onnry Claims, nade an unfavorable rep lit u ion
me petition of the hei s of Lieu'enant C lot el
J ihn Jamieson, ind the committee weie dis
ohaiged fium the furthei consideration of the sub
ject
ROADS  IN ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr POR I'CR, in  Senate pro-
ceedel toe insider, as in ( immi tceof the Whol ,
the l> It appreipiituing $211000 to the lompleutn
<  f certain i latís in the i emi >i y of Ark u oas, mil
t ie bill was ordered to be engrossed foi a thud
leading
PRi,SE"íTS  PROM  EMPEROR OT  MOROCCO
On mot.on of Mi TRELlNGilUYSLN, tl e
«Senate lesumed the consideration of tl ej unt res
<  lution pioviding foi ihe disposition of a li in and
two luir es pi evented by the Lmpeior of Moiocco
to the United States Consul at langieis
Ihe lesilution was lead the thud tunc and
pirised
UNFAVORABLE  RPPORTS.
Mr TOMLINSOV, from the C mmittee on
Pensions, to which wu" referred the petition of
William VV [Jail foi arreusof pension, reported
nufavoiably upon the «ame, and the committee
weie dis h trged fiom the luither ronsideuition of
the same                                                                        I
Mr TIPTON, fiom the Committee on Claims,
reported unfavojably upon the petitions of [ horn is
Mullen and Willi  o Mann, fiom the furthei con-
e detail in of which the corimittee were dis
charged
Rl ORGANISATION Or POST OFFICE DEPART-
MENT.                                     |
The Senate resumed the consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole, of the bill to change the
orginiiition of the Geneial Post Office                   i
fhe question betn"- on the sixteenth section,
submitted by Mr GRUNDY, as an amendment,
] roviding for payment of the debts of the depart-
i ¡ent, which may be owing on the 3Ut Maich,
183)
Mr GRUNDY rose, in support of the amend-
ment, as this subject would be properly discussed
only by those who have carefully examined it In
answer to the remarks of the honoiabte Senator
tiom Louisiana, [Mr Portlr,] made yester lay,
he wished to sty a tew words That honoiable
Senator supposed, because he was no favonteof
the present Administration, ujustice had been
done to his constituents, in regard to the route
leading to New Orleans This route had been
particularly pointed out by the report of the ma-
jority of the committee last session, and but one
ieeble voice ra.sed in its ftvoi, and that not fiom
Louisiana Mr G read fiom the tepoitof the
major ty several passiges going to condemn this
route, and this leport was a favorite with the
majority of the Senate He was the only one who
supported the conduct of the Postma&tei General
on that occasion     lie wished to do justice to that
officer, he wished justice to be rendered wheie it j
was due     Last /ear the head   if that depattri ent
was conderine 1 foi  ex ei d    g f„cili let , no , he
was centred for withdrawn g tnem
Mr  G  di 1 not th nk the utpait nent had acted
in coni¡ hance with ei ner the íepoitsof the ma
j ii ity oi of the mu omy, but to meet 'he exigei
cíes of the t me
The President of the Unite I S ates had been j
censured in the couise of this debate Ele w hed
to seejf the censure was j ¡"-t Ml G read f'oii
the report of the Postmaster General, made to the
President, a'so from the íepoit of 'he najonty of
the committee, showing the grounds on which he
President had founded hib opinion-, lie thougl t
no injustice hid been done to the Senafois fi m
Louisiam If they thoight so, let tlum suite to I
the ¡senate that they would have vol d in favoi of
the giant Sj far liom thit, he did not believe
thoy would even ve te foi it now
The depaitment had ueen accused of conup-
tions Mi G thought the head of that depart
ment unoonupt, and inc ipable of corruption IJe i
feared foi him t thecommeneemen oftreuvsi
gition, not fiom any suspicions of his mte^iity,
but fiom pei,u y and misiepresei tattoo The
or lei for investigut on 1 e d oatan invitation t) i'l
dissitisfied ai d ill disposed contractus win had
been di->nr issed or injected. But to tl e hoioi of
his countrymen, he was pioud to siy no one 1 ad
bten found to accuse the Posttrrstei Geneial cf
corruftion VI" G aid, in accusing the depart
ment of con tpttoi , in gem ral terms, the innocent
was involved with the guilty D btinctions should
be made—the dishonest should be pointed out,
and tnen, in the largui^e < f the Semuoi fiorr
South Carolina, [Mt Ptlston,] the culpi untight
be he! I up to the view Mi Ct conteiiued thai
the t**im coimptim was impioppily appl edwheie
thee e was no evilenee that the mdivielu 1 accused
hod been printed He tnoi^ht mismanagement
was severe enough It the-ie was coiiup ion, he
did not believe it attached to the Head of the de
partment                                                                        j
The Postmastci General (said Mr G ) did not '
reverse ihe political maxim which considers all
innocent until they are found guilty, w'nch, per
haps, he ought to have done, and suspected all
peisons of havirg improj er snd selfish designs on
the department A thousand irileences weie
biou^ht to b*ai upon the interest of the contráete,
of the inn kcepei, of the stage dnvei, oftheciti/en
who provided hsy aneloat^orehickensand butter,
foi the support of those employed in this business,
and, finally, by members of Congress
1 he Senator fiom New Jersey had told us the
people would not be -sti fied with the turning out
of a single cleik Th it Senatoi would not be
satisfied with the tumi g out of a single cleik—
not with the turning out ot the head of thatdepai t
ment—not with turning out all the clerks in all
the departments—not wnh the turning out of all
the Heads of the departments—no, not even of the
Pi esident of the United States, foi then the Vice
President would turn himself in
Mr  G  contended that if Congress took away
the revenues of the depaitment, they should also I
pay all just and honest debts     He was not dis-
pojed  to trust to some f iture appiopnation      It
was better to do a thing while they were alout it
Mr  LEIGH said he understood  the report of
the minouty of the committee at the last session
as a lecommendation   to  pay  the  deb's of tl e
department     But although he did not be'ieve any
such debts contiacied as these had been, without
authority of law, were 1 indmg on the  United
States, yet he thought that perhaps in point of j
policy the Government ought to pay the money, ,
because it had  received   the benefit of it, and he '
designed to vote for such a proposition wnen the ¡
department should  be  placed  upon  a  safe  and I
secure  foundation      But he did   understand the
honorable gentleman then to ssy that no proposi-
tan was made or intended to oe made for such an
appropitation     Now, as to the payment of these
debts, let a schedule be laid befoie the Senate, and
if it shoulu appeal that they were bona fide debts,
he would vote to pay the creditors of the depart-
ment, but he would not vote it to the Post Office
Department     For suppose one of these debts was
a contract for extia allowances to Reeside or Rob  i
inson for services which weie not peifoimed
Would anybody pay it was r ght to pay a ''e t
s ) nai lle&ily unjust, and wh c i it! y chai ce'ior
would orjei to Le it u' tied ' Wilt i he taw a
schedule, and was tótioleii of tluir no íesty, I e
Aiould vole a liberal appiop latioi to satisfy them
He would not m ke ehaige3 of conu, t on, but
whetl er the evils eoi ipluned of had grown out i í
want of vigilance, condition,ot anv ot'iei cause,
he mus think it was not Obudiah who had tied all
t tese knot"-
Mi   EWING denied that there  was anything
in the lq oit of  Lst year from whan it could be
pislly iniened that the committee co idemned the
cm y n gofa daily ms 1 between New O leai sand
' Mc-oile as a waste of publ c moi ey      Ht thought
i no such thing   ' e ra her thought that the msils
genei illy weie not cirned any tio fast     Mi    E
lead fio ii the lepoi tof the mapnty ol hot session,
j to ehow tacit the oL]°c ion to those eonn acts was,
! that the Pos niastei General mi de them by pnvate
I anangements instead of byapubl clett ng, which
|iievented ope i bidu i g     He said theie wtieone
liunoied and Guy f uhnes m a veai u, on tne rou e
euvcen Mol lie at el ¡Se>v O le i s, ai tl ytt ¿40 000
I a yeai weie psiel foi carryn g thn as a daily u a 1
j And it i ppeaied, too, that Mi   Ooadtnh B  Diown
I wis  ntcrested in that contraet      Whetl er  theie
was eoiiiiption in this, he w< ulil  not artue with
the noiiQial le gentltman      Bat why were these
faiime '    rhemaiiiught to have  been c in led
doily, and ought now to Le  so c rued, but tne
payment for seivi es which werenevei ptif imed
was what the committee eonderai ed     So if otl er
paymen s which had been made by the depaitment
i for seivnes   wniJi   had lot been   lenileied, iiatl
been leserved, and  paid   usefully  foi   faeiluntu g
| the i lail.thecommitteewoul 1 not have condemned
j them, tl e dangei of payn g wl leh the 1 onorable
, genthman   feared    was   ceit inly   a   gi   urdle^i
alarm   for not a smgle v ltnes-. had test fieo aaninst
j the depaitment, but his te«f mony had been con
j firme   by tne documents in th  dipiitment it elf
It was not the disposition of our | eople t > get up
a conspnacy against the he id i f the de partmer t,
or any other pei son in it     It was with gr'at diffi-
cult/ that ihe truth cou'd be got out oí ihe wt
uestes, and v hen the t fit eis ^ tie  xe t lined tí e
committee had rea'Iy to win g the tes iinoi y out
ot them      He thought when   t r ui It   i íñ er ¡ ecu-
1 (ted on  the puMic fund     tie piesuinjlun   dd
anse that the publn si fiend to that amtui t, ai d
it did not require i egative ptorf to show tha   the
public did not si flei      Mi   F  said I e was under
the itipus'ion, ¡torn the leperi of the committee,
that the specification  ft   the  sum  recessiry to
relieve the de¡ artmei t wa1- to I e ec iiMuertd as in
application for íelief     He caied not how net me,
whether from the Pos nnsiei Genei  lortheeom-
mittee, the pui po.t Wc s the same, and   it was po
bel eved by the majonty of the  committee     But
as to the rep< rt, h  rdmittpd   t did  not ptodure
conviction among the whole community—it was
not exoected it would do so     It was not till these
things weie examined that their enoimity would
ue observed     With regard to the appropnation
asked, he would state that theie was a very laige
sum due to small contractors prior to January lb ,
1834, miny of whom  were  now nearly rmied,
and now suppose this appropriation of &300 000
should le made, the laige eontractors, who had
perfonned no service, would come in and  sweep
it av/ay, while the honest small contractors would
get nothn g    1 h^grossamoun' due to contrsctois
the Postmaster Geneial said was about §400 000,
but the accounvnfs employed by the committee,
and they weie as skiKul as any m the D „tnct,
htd made the actual sum orly about $199 000
[low tl en could we make a sweeping apfropm-
tion to pay them?    But there were accepted drift",
too, in circulation, not paid, amounting to §160 000,
but payable at a future day, and in the aggregate
they smouiited on the 1st of April last to §160 000,
as he had stated     We could  not then  make an
appiopuat on     He hoped the amendment would
be rejected, and then, when sufficient data   could
b° obtained, he would introduce a bill to appro-
priate annually such sum as would be required for
payment of the just and legal debts of the depart-
ment
Mi BUCHANAN said he did not rise to extend
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
tins discussion, on the contrary, if bo young a I
member of the .Senate as himself might be at lib- I
eay to express ¡>uch an op i ion, it hrd already been
too min.li ex ended     The bid before us was for
the purpo e of changing the organs ttion of the
PostOtfice Department     Its most important pro
\isioot, had leceived the unanimous approbation of
the committee     It was not denied that the enact
men. of this bill was indispensable to the useful
and sui cesbful opeiatiuns of the department     It
corrected  the strange anomaly now existing that
the same hands win h received the public money |
were those which disbursed it,  when it must be I
admttied that there could be no effectual security '
against nbui.es, but by imposing tne duty of re-
ceiving ihe m iney upon one class of offueis, and
that ot paying it out upon another     The main
object was to adopt some measure to correct this
evil      I lie session was rapidly drawing to a close,
aid unle s we should  pass this bijl and send it
to   tne  [louse of II(preventatives, very soon, it
ciuld  not become a law at the  present session
He vvas ready to pi ess on an examination of the
principles involved in the bill, but not to a discus
bion of alleged a .uses in the admi ustration of the
depar nient,  wmc i   he   deemed   out of place  at
this tun        1 litre was a resolution on the tab'e
offered   oy the  Sena'or  fiom  Connecticut,   [Vlr
¡smith,] on whu h, wh n it shou d come up, war
might  oe waged  on  tue one side as well as the
oilier     Cut tie would not ergage in such discjs
sion nrv/,for apothet reason      When the leports
of  the majority and  the minority of the  com
in ttee were  presented and lead, the Senate pre
spn'ed  tie epp"aran<'e of a "sleepy  Hdiov "
Will very few excep'ions, not a Senator then
preouit, pad tnat aue-mio    to then wh ch their
liii¡ irlain e req< ired     lie | lead guilty himself the
if p >r sgavt de a Is whic i hediJ not and could not
thoougt  y uní'ef-tand from healing them read
lie  hul,  therefire, detei mined  to wait until  he
c u!¡ vite    itm in pi lit, and until then, ne snould
be unprcpnied to exore 3 an op nion on the 'ub
jpcl     bo 'oon as re could get   he printed reports,
I  wcu t Ky \«. le all other business, and examme
t .era careru  y,andv   len he had done so, he would
Ci ule to r  s own cjnc'unions, w'urh   on any pro
peí  oe.i,as on, h  sh"u'd express fearlessly     But
theiew  s anothei -  ison why we should have die
repoits befoie ns     As to most of the facts, it was
said both me lepotts agreed     But from the same
tans, the mjiny and minoruy of the committee
had diawn very dirTVitiitmteren<'es      I o ascertain
v/l    h   was c> rect  in then   CO'elusions,  wou J
requifa inu h riore mm ite and attentive eximí"
a   mot \    t! f <~in jms apecs attei dmgeach trans-
a tiun, than wou d have ot lei v i^e ueen necessary
Without sayiii„ any th ng fuither, he hoped we
i.ojJ  go on  to  discus-  'he b II, and  leave the
0  her Ruceas tor anothei occasion He won'1
rierely su::ge t t) the Senator liom Ohio, [Mr
J      \c ] wiie her tl e deb s d le to the smi 11 con
t actois pnor to the y°ar i~34 which were
adm tted to be hone t, might not be provided for
bv this bnl, even if he wo ild consent to do n nil
mg moie lheir payment should no longer be
delayed Cer airly tne gent email could pot be
afraid to tru ' the co nmiasioner to be appointed"
under tins act, and the Secre ary of the Treasurv ,
With tne settlement of these claims
Mr IvV^f- sud he could not vote for the
am'ndireit bv üo ng so, he might be voting to
| } a u' bt, the considuauon tor which had ei
tirHy fu id—it uiigm be to p\j lor the tianspor
Inn in i t the mill wlun k had levei taken plac
Wi s 1' nghi he inquired, t) leave the asceilam
nient ol the de1 Is to Congress le e-tter Sui h
n tlii lg be deemed 1 opeles< unless Coi gress vveie
1  erpet ully in fsvinii Hebelieved the ascertain
in; nt oi the un Hint of Ihe debts c )uld be effected
belter by the Ilea my Dipartment than thiough
themelitm of a ci nmultee llelheieforeofFeied
the f< Ibvvi i  amendment ai the intendment
" 1 Int nil ihe dehls no  due and owing by the
' P ist OTke Derailment lor ihe actual tran wr
'la i n of the mail, oi for money birrowed and ac
' tnal 5 ap[ lied on ai mint of su h tiarivnoriation,
'whenrs er allied, adjunte I, ind indited, accord
' i g to ¡he pi( visi ns of e\is tnj; law , shall be
') ill n> the Treismy of the United States "
V    GUI  \ I )\ accepted the amendmentas part
of in^ atntndnieiit
Mr BIBB rose to offer an amendment to the
amendment He had come to theconcluston never
to vote one cent from the Treasury to support
the Post Office Department But as these debts
would come in as claims against the Government
for services performed, under proper regulations,
he would consent to the appropriation
Mr  B  then went on to pay a tribute of respect
to the private character of the Postmaster General
He thought the good disposition and kindness of
that officer had been laid hold of by interested and
selfish persons to further their own private inter-
ests, thus abusing the good íessof the Postmaster
General's private feeling by the grossest miposi
tions     Mr   B  concluded by moving an amend
ment providing for the payment of the debts of
the department out of the accruing postaces
Mr SOUTHARD said that the amendment dtd
not obviate his difficulty He stated, yesterday,
that the diffi ulty in Ins mind was in inserting an
appropria ion in a bill organizing the department
H> was in favor of organizing the department
first, and then he would think of making an ao
propnation when he saw where and how the
money was to be paid
Mi   WEBSTER said, a rule of oractical wis-
dom in legislation was, to act for a single object
by a single measuie     The gentlemen from Ien-
nessee, he thought, would have done well to have
made ilus proposition the subject of a distmc  bill   )
The Posi Office Depai tment required a substantial
reorganization, and if mi«managemen*, or what- i
ever else it might be ca'ieJ, existed there, and he !
believed it was not denied, we shouid make pro
vision, fiist, for the re^onstrucion of the depart  I
ment, and, wher that vvas done, introduce-a bill
makingan appropriation fonts relief  Thatseemed
to him the proper course, and if so, why introduce
into this bill a proposition of this extraneous char
icter     What shouid hinder us fiom considering
th s simple question of ieo -ganization ?    The gen-
tleman   fiom    Pennsylvania,   [Vlr    Blciiw^n,]
argued,and wi h gieat propriety, that the amount
of the deb s vvas not pertinent to the question of
the mode of reoiganizatton     And he ihought so
• oo, but he carried the principle further—he
thought that the means of paying those debts were
not so ei'her, they were entnely distinct The
appropriation was a matter to be founded on esti-
mates The gentleme-i on the othei side of the
House desired to provide for those honest men
who vveie creditors of the deiaun°nt, and he fe t
every disposition to join them in this matter But
was theie anything more easy than to get a report
fiom tle depar jnent, with state nents of the
amount of s debts? He hoped the ho^orab'e
gentleman [Vlr Grcndy] woulu no' thus obstiuct
tne progress of the bill, wh ch he knew the sentle
man de ired should pass, by the introduction of
tl is debatable matter Because, if we we-e cal'ed
oi to pav the debts in this way, it opened the
whole question, and must we not inquire what
they were, how they were contracted, and the
true chaiacte' of lli-iii' Sj fai as they could be
discriminated, and shov n to be ¡ust and honea,
he would cheerfid'y \ote a sum sufficient to  pay
.them
Mr GRUNDY sud thet he had but one object
n view, in all tl at he had advanced on this sub
¡•=(,t,and that was, that the departmen' should be
putl He was very anxions thai this bill shm hi
pa's, c ¡.roper amendments were inctirpoiated in
it, and he the-e'bie withdrew the amendment
The 17th sect on (another of Mr Griadt's
amendment') was then taken up It provides
that the books nt the Tietsuiy, so fai as relates
to t íe accoun s of the Geneial Post Office, shall
be kept separate ai d dntu ct fiom all other ac
counts and every wariant tor the payment of
money for demands against the General Post
Oflice shall expiess upon Its fa<e that (he same
vvtii suedonaccountof theGenenlPostOfice
Attei some explanation li im Mi   GRUiSD\,
this stction was amended so as  to require such
wi. rants to  be "signed by the Posimister Gen
eral and  the Commissioner of ihe General Post
Oil e " ifcer which it was agreed to
Phe ISth section, m the following words, was
thet considered
" That the commissioner to be aopo.nted unJc
' the piovisionsof this act, sh ill have povvei to
*  translei debts due horn postulasteis bj üraits m
' favor of contraciors,in discharge of debts due to
« such contractors, for services w,hi<-h may have
' been rendered prior to the time of drawing such
' drafts "                                                          S
After the word "postmaster," the words "who
do not make deposites in bank" were inserted, at
the suggestion of Mr KNIGHT, and the section
as amended was then adopted.
The 19th section was next considered It pro-
vides that the Postmaster General shall report to
Congress within the first ten days of each annual
session, and specifies at length the various sub-
jects upon which he shall report. The section is
divided into four clauses The fourth clause re-
quires the Commissionei to report to the Post-
master Gener I the condition of the finances of
the department.
After bfing so amended, at the suggestion of
Mr WEBSTER, as to require the report of the
Commissioner to be made to Congress, the section
was adopted
The 20th section was next considered, in the
following words
" It shall be the duty of the Postmaster General
• to furnish to the deputy postmaster, at the ter-
' mmation of each route, a schedule specifying the
' times of arrival and departureat his ornee of each
' mail, and also furnish a notice, in like manner,
' of any change or alteration in the arrivals and
' departures which may be ordered by him "
Mi EW1NG moved to insert, after the word
" mad," the words "a copy of which the post-
master shall set up in some conspicuous place in
his ofH e," which, Mr GRUNDY not objecting,
was agreed to, and the section, as amended, was
then adopted
The 21st and last section was then considered
It requires the postmaster at the end of a mail
route, or at any other place where the time shall
be designated at which the mail shall arrive, to
subscnbe an oath "that he will truly and faith-
' fully report to the General Post Office all failures
' to deliver the mail at his office at the times pre-
' scribed " It also directs the Postmaster General
to report to Congress, annually, each fadure to
deliver the mail where the same may be conveyed
in steamboats, coaches, or stage', and the names
of the contractors on whose routes the failures
have occurred
Afer some immaterial amendments of form,
this section was also adopted
[Vlr CLAY heie.on leave,submitted amotion
to reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion, author zu g the purchase of certain pictures
for the President's House was negatived The
motion being leceived, it was laid on the table ]
The amendments having been gone through
with—
Mr CALHOUN made some objection to the
first sec ion of the bill, which provides for the
appointment of the Commissioner He also
thought the salary ought to be reduced from four
thousand to three thousand five hundred dollars
per annum Mr C submitted an amendment to
be mseitedin lieu of the first section, as follows
" That tne duties now peiformed by the Fifth
' Auditor of the Treasury Department be, and
' the same are hereby, assigned to the Second
' Auditor of the Tieasury, and those now assigned
'to the Second, to the Third Auditor, and that
' the Fifth Auditor shall hereafter be known as
' the Commissioner of the General Post Office, and
'shad peiform the duties heieby assigned, or
' which may hereafter be assigned, to said Com-
' missioner "
After some conversation between Mr CAL-
HOUN and Mr BUCHANAN on the -uiluect,
and before any action vvas had on the proposition,
Mr GRUNDY interposed a motion to adjourn,
which prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned
HOUSC OF REPRESENTATIVES
Trid^t, Febr imij 6, 1835
Mr BAYLIES, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the lehef of
the legal representatives of Tnstam Coffin, which,
was read twice and committed
Mr GALBR11TH, from the Committee on
Pnvate Land Claims, reponed a bill supplemen-
tal y tu the act entitled "An act enabling the claim-
208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
F,cl ruarv 0,
a.jts to lands wiihin the 'units of the Stste of
Missouuand Temtory of Arkansas to instituir
•piocetdm<"S to |>  ihe validity of their chums,'
approted Mav 2b, lb24, which was read twite
and commit'ed
Untivorable   reports   were  made  by   Messrs
BANKS and FULTON, from ihe Comtri tee of
Claims, upon petitions referred to sa.d committee
PCTTiOfvS, ETC.
Petitions and memo.mis v,eie presented, on
leive, by Messrs M1ICHCLL, of Ohio, Mi-
VliAN, McCARTY, and REYNOLDo, und
¡•f propnately referíed
RLbOLUrlONS.
On motion of Mr   WlbE,
Kemltcd, That the C immit ee on the PostOfrce
and Post Iliads be instiucted to inquire i'ito me
expediency of establishing a po&t louie tiom
Princess Acne, via Newtown, in Maivland,to
Bloxom'b tavern, in Vagima, and fiom Hoin
Tov.ii, in Vngima, to Blmom'n tavern, and bom
Bl0"com'a taiern, \ia ll.ley 'o stoie, t a eh Groad
•water's store, Jenktn's bridge, Mesongo bridge,
Guilfotd.and Uagwell'rf mill, to Diummondtuwn,
Accomack county, Virginia
On motion of Mi. RE\CHER,
R'soleed, I hatthe C immittre on Indi tn Affms
be instiuued to nqine into ihe expitiieucy if
1 lovidmg bylaw foi the relief of certain Choctaw
Indians, who claim to I e entitled to reservatio is
rf Ian i under the tourieenin ai icle of the tiealy
of DaiKing Rabbit Cieek
On motion of Mi. L\ON, of Kentucky,
lie'olird, I hit the Committee on tl e P >si Ofñ e
auü l'osi Roads be lustiucttd to mq lreinti ihe
fipcdiency of estabas nig a post lotite fiom
Wadesboio', Calloway Court lit u e, Kti lu ky,
via Humility, to the mouth of Sai dy rivei, lea-
nt ssee
On motion of Mi   MITCHELL, of Oh o,
Rcsohed, I hat so much of the | etiiinn of ihe
citizens ot Zinesville, m tne Stale of Ohio, as
re'ates to the establishment of a port ot entiy, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, md that
so much as i elates 10 tlie impiovement of the
navigation ot the Muslmgum nvei,bc lefeneil
to the Committee on Roads and Caiii-U.
On motion of Mi   0H1NN,
liciolvea, I hat the Commission! r of Public
Buddings be dueeted to piepaie and furnish to
this House in estiman of ll e lost of the 1 irab-
luy building, recommcii',ed by a elect committee
of this llouoe, if fitestone be substituted foi
g! suite
On motion < f Mi   KINVARD,
lieiolicd, I hit the Con mttui- i n the Post Office
and Post Roads be i is'utc ed to niqiiic into the
expuliemy of establishing a post ro He liom
Noblesvil'e, in thetoumyof tlami'ton, to Monte-
zuma, 11 diana, viaWet>iíi'1IJ,INouhfi< Id, Leoim >n,
Jmiestown, and flupevirh.
Mi DICKINSON offeied the following resolu-
tion, which, undei the lule, lies, one day
Raohed, That the Secretary of War boequired
to communicate to ibis Houf>e the number of
cadets that have been educated at the Military
Academy at West Point, the number that lomed
the army, and aie now in us service, the sums
of money that have been appropnaed for its
suppoit, each yeai since 1802, up to this time
Also, the numbei of professors now employed at
the institution
Thefollowmg íesolution,offered by Mi PARKS,
on the 3d instant, was considered and agieed to*
Resolved, That the Secretaiy oí War be re-
quested to commumnte to this House the ¡eport
of Mijor Ilartman Bache, of the leconnoissance
for ¡> road through the northern frontier of the
State of Maine, mide by him in puisuance of in-
structions fiom the War Department
The following i evolution, offered by Mr DEN-
NY, on the 26 n of January, was read, considered,
and a reed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is heieb) , requested to communicate to this House
a statement ot the amount paid annually, and the
price per year, duung the last five years, for the
transportation of arms, and all othei military and
public stores, from Harper's Ferry, Baltimore,
and Washington Aisenal, and any other p >9 s or
places in Vngmia, Maryland, and the Dibtuct of
Oo'utiIm, to Pittsbuig, and ot! er ] osts in the
webierr countiy
Mi McVEAN,on leave,submitted thefol'ow
nig i °so ution                     •
Resolved, That the Crmmit'ee on the Dis'nct or
Columbia, be directed to iipcut to ihis ¡louse the
amount expended by sad commi.tee under the
íesolution of the 6th of January last, puipi rti.ig to
auihonzeand insiiuctthem toascer am the amount
of fuel that might be necessary foi the relief of the
suffern g poor of the-city of Washington, and to
place the same at the disposal of the Curpoiation
ior that f urpose, and also that said committee be
instiiicieu to des bt from luiihei expendm re under
the color cf authority del ived fiom said tesr lution,
and tint •and ?evolution be expunged jrom the Juuinal
of tklb Hi «st
Mi EVANS moved the question of conMüera-
tioti
Mr HAMER asked for the yeas and nays,
whi< h were ouleie I
Mi McVEAN moved a call of the House
Negaiived
Mi McVL\Nmadeanappei'toMr EVANS
to withdiaw his n otion, i i order list he migm
explain I is reasons foi otienng the je i lution
Mi EVANS tl ought the hentteman had better
witndraw the resilution, ci at least modify it by
wuhd awing the lattei clause It it was bo mod-
ified, he nnsrhr uithdiaw his motion
Mi McVEAN sud, that at the suggestion of
seveial gentlemen lie had no ohjeetic i to mod'fj
his resolution, by Sinking oí t the latter cliuse
After some lemaiks between Mr SPEIGHT
and the Gil AIR, on a point of older, Mi Mc-
VEAN modified his íesolution by striking from it
the latter clause, punted in italics
Mi EVANS withdrew his motion, asking the
question of consideration
Mr WILDE lenewed the question of considei-
ation
Mr HAMER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordeieJ
'Ihe question, "Will the House consider the
resolution'" was then put, and decided in the
ahuma tne—yeas 124, nays 54
So the House deteimined to considet the íeso-
lution
Mr  LVANS said, his objection to the resolu-
tion wns not founded on any op| osition whicn he
might have to the general news of the movei, [Mi
McVfAN,]   foi   he  was  opposed  to the  piactice
which had obtained mil e [louse, of parsing reso
lutioiis of that nature     But the emergency which
ta'led  foith the origin"!  íesolution hid gone by
The monev had been exper ded aicoiding to its
provisions, and to pass this resolution now, would
be a leflection on the proceeding   of the House,
wluih ie deemed unnecessary and uncalled  foi
If,  however, the movei  [Mt    McVlam] would
adopt the amendment which he was about to pi o
pose, he would not object to its jiassage     The
amendment was to strike out the woiUa  *'pui
porting to," and let it lead, " aiithotizmg and in-,,
Siructing," and abo sti ike out the woids " under
color of "   These words, Mr  E  considered ob
jecuonable, as they secured to convey aieflection—
a censure on the House
Mi McVEAN said that he could not accept of
the amendments offeied by the honorable member
from Maine, because he would thereby deieat the
pimcipal olject he had in new in offering his reso-
lution He believed the resoln ion to which the
one he had the honor to offer, referí ed, was passed
by'he House withoi t constitutional au honty,and
he fiankly confessed that the main olject he had
in view was to elicit a declaration to that effect
from the House, that it might not heieaftei be cited
as a precedent Fie disclaimed any intention to
cast any reflection upon the Hese, upon the
movei of the resolution, or on the committee who
acted undent He believed that all were governed
Dy motives of charity, and that under the influence
of such motives it was unadvisedly passed
Sii, (said Mi McV ,) I consider the resolution
of the ]0th of January a manifest and palpable
violation of the Constitu'ion The Constitution
provides " that no money shall bediann from the
Treasuiy but in consequence of appropriations
made by law " The íesolution to wh ih 1 refer
lb not a legislatne act, not ha-..ng lecuved tie
sanct on of those bod eb v. f ich const tute tlieLfgis
latuit, ai d which is ind'spensab'e o gne n ihe
cha.aciei a.id the eflicvey of a law It was the
i ieii decbiation of this House, on a subject en-
luely beyond the reach of its sepaiate at h rity,
and as wholly mop"iativeand void, in my opmioi ,
as if it weie the dic'um of any indiv dual member
of this House, assuming to act in his offcial chai-
actti as a lepresentatne
I understand that the emount expended under
that resolu..on is to be paid out of a fund which
this House has now in its possession, or which it
is heieaft°r to get jiossession of, m defray us con-
tingent expenses In othei words, this House,
basing got possession of fui ds for certain specific
piiiposes, it will, or can, by the application of
physical force, uiveit thtm to other objects not
onginaily contem|)lafed aid thus attempt to evade
the (lovision of the Constitution to whicn 1 have
lefeired
It is, jierhops, propei, although the history of
thio Hoube will si ow that it was liable to great
abu e—that each Ilcuseol CongieBS should have
a fui d set apart todtfiay lis coi i ngent expenses
We want everything that mil fi< i late us in the
business m wh ch we aie engaged in maturing
luws, hut, what men bti of the House will asseit
thit fuinishmg fuel to the poor of this city is an
ex pense contingent to tl elegí hnon of this House'
The |)ioposition is too absurd to find an advocate
anywhere And yet, upon tin absuidity íests
ihe aiuhonty foi the jmssagt of that íesolution
Si-, if tins Hoube li ive the pow er by resolution to
ap| ropi ate none) to fun ish the poor of this ciiy
v nh fuel, it has also ifie power to feed al d clot! e
them, and to educate them, which also mcludo
the power of esiabhshi ig hosj Hals, asylums, and
s hotls Sii, there is no such thing as disgtusii s;
the fact that this House has assumed on itself the
exeicise of powei which constitutes ore ot the
highest attributes ot the Legisla ure, at d that the
íesolution which it passed 13 wholly null ai d
void
i am awaie that it may be said that this is *i
laudable affair, and that the deed of which ! com-
plain, as a bleach of the Constitution, doeei f ifs^lf
constitute a tleed of charity to the pool of this
citj and that, theiefore, the maltei ought not to
be dibtui bed Hat11 consulted my inclination only,
I might have yielded to such suggestions, but a
sense of duiy had prompted me, however ungra-
cioiio it may appeal, to ollei the resolution «Inch
I have had the honoi to submit I hiue yet to
'earn tint this House will consider it a small affan
that the Constnuuon has been nolated, or thai
Chanty s ample fo'ds will cover or cure its breach
The House owed it to itself to declare its opinions
on this matter, even although it might be imph
cated thereby, and if weaie to indulge in charity,
let it be tl at charity which is according to law
Mr CHINN said it was due to himself and to
the committee, to make a brief statement to the
House For himself, he would say that he voted
against the otigmal resolution of the House, be
cause, however much his feelings might have been
"enlisted, he did not consider himself authoiireü to
vo e foi it Tor the Committee on tl e District of
Columbia, he would say, that when the original
resolution of this House w is taken up by the com-
mittee and considered, they found that ihe direc-
tions them was prsiliw, that they had no discre-
tion, exceptas to the assortment that they had no
right todisregaid the/wsiftw command of the House
lhey therefore made the ¡woper mquiiy of the city
authorities, and upon receiving an answei show ng
an appalling degretand extent of distress, and that
one hundied and fifty cords of wood were wanted,
the committee dirscted tnem to diaw upon the
Cleik of this House foi fifty coids upon two
occasions,amounting in all to onebundred coids
This was during the recent season of intense cold
Since that the -committee 1 ad done nothing, nor
did he believe that they intended to do more
under that resolution, which was for " immediate
lehef "
Mi  McKENNAN remarked that it seemed to
him that the gentleman from New Yoik was too
late to effect any good purpose by his proposi
tion     It would have been, perhaps,in good time,
when the resolution was first before   he House,
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anil before my t.c to  v a* ' t 1 i [ion it     lint after I
j   bed bte i t doj ttd by ihc House, >nd the com- i
title Imi      Hti  u  on it,    iid  lie    ufi r r g pojr
11.J b < n ru   \«ci, it •- e-n*- J to h 11 lo be mi idle
I r i  o^iti >'  lu K  u r u   i the li )i ^e upon t '•ut jei t
o,  (¡-,1   i i      Ilsyn   i'tirlv   iatl   tl I eei (I me
1 , [i e   In n i(-ii mi  el"1  mini ice on the Dismn,
[Vlr  CinsN I  n t to nnnttei. laJdi trii uied Oiie
I uncrtd i ( n      f \    ud h (Ii* v ' jle, the | itp< i
t on of v h   li v/ub onl^   i\ t(n o irds io each waid
lit ti e city      11 e íitcjuntí of di^tiehs wiiit h  ¡ad
reached   the  como i lee   ¡ ud   b ut  neart ie iditig,
find  he a  , i=he idtd  if  the „eii 1-inan fi >m New
York   had   neard    hem   i. ts< ,   n     diiiWi tie  ard
ftrup es- u.tn 1 t  I   velifndt    q ufd      He wou'd
«tate un ii stance of n sn 0 e lam ly   'mt came uri-
dei the i once of   he^ui innttee      1 hi   'urniiycoi-
s,-j ed   f htetl ildren, bi&id  s nc two ,■ ¡rents    The
o'lgentlt    a i v bs Ijinj; on B bed of  ifkn ss—in,
not on 1 i.> btd of siame «, jeeau e   e I ud not die
mear so   pre rurinsf atij tr n g but i bngofstiaw,
and in <   dtr to keep 'u  isi.f trtpi fieczu g, the bed
Wi-s ea    i,je i, a d  re uos must in it ii|   to the
netlt      Unit family   in al   pio^ ibihty, by ihe re-  i
lief extended by il ut House, nndei the uso'u ion
l 1 question, v/eie kepi   it ni oemg f t /en to death
He s lou d no   de  untie II  i st by Miy arguiienl
( n the au je-t       I' c geni en a i 'rom New Ytnk
did not   i g^  In" eon     tun    J tcrurits ot tnat
time, and   his  p o  omuoii to e\[ unge the resolta
tion in w came t io hie,   nd It U..S a waste of time
to  d sou s  it      Jie ¡de«,  the fommuee, so fa as
Mi    VltV   ii deixtood, aid n< t hitei d t< proceed
fur ler, uid were tl en re dy to rcrort vhat they
1 ad done to t  c House     Believing then, thatth s
discus ion   was  a'togeiher  a  wste cf lime,  he
moved <~> liy the resoli  ion upon the table
Bt^ne  I e o ic   n iv vis put I v   he Chair,
Air   CROW "S moved , ir ti e orders of the day,
v hitli I ei ig a_'retd to, ihe mo ion to h y the reso
lu'ion of tVii    \lc"V L4\ en ihe table lies over
E\FCL Tl > F C'niMLMClTIONS.
The SPC\KCR Hid before the House the
fo hw/ing c mimun citii lis
A le' er f >m the 'sjcií. i ryof War, <n response
to a lesoutioi ot ihe Iloute, relative to certain
ro dt> in tne ferri'ory of Michigan Laid on the
table and orler d to be primed
A 'etter from the tieuetary of the Treasury, in
answer to a retoliu on of ti>e 3I^t ultimo, relative
toac m romise r( the rial not Ihotnas H Sra h
it Co Referred to the Commitfe on the Judi
cmy a d oidcied   o I e \ noted
A ie| on 'ion the ft>tCretaiy of the Treasury in
conftrmi v v ha rei, i ution ol tl t riou e of the
"ii AIart.li, 1707 e\ u uting &l ii lount of duties
acci iiiiff, ai I d awbi k i iv°o e, On tne sei e al
articles nipoued it o the LmieJ States, and re-
exported theretrom, dti ne the yen.s ending on
the JO i De emlei, 1-Jl 1-3.2, and 1^33, which
was laid on the ta > t ai tl ordered to ue pn lted
BIÍL& PASsrD.
The following oilis weie lead a third ti ne rnd
pa sed
A bid for the removal of the land ofi^e from
Wauaghkai etta to Lirra, in the Stite of Ohio,
A I ni to anthill i7e the sale of certain lands be
longing to the Umversiiy of Michigan,
\ b II prescribing the punishment of consuls,
comirfeicial igents, and others, in ceilain cases
A bill lor the rehef of Lieutenant Meivm P
Mix,
\. l>i I for Ihe relief of Samuel Butler,
A 1 ill A i th    e> ef of Lli7ibe h ^wam,
A Iji I for the rebel of the heirs of William Pol-
lar i
A bi I for the relief of Sutton Stevens,
A bill foi the relief of Iliouias Dixon tV Co ,of
New \ ork,
\ lull fi r ihe relief of Job Barton
A bill fi r the relief of .Samuel H  Dofey,
A bill lor the relief of John derrick,
\ I ill im the ielief ol Job Wood,
A b II tor tne nlief D vvid Ivincud,
\ hi I for the relief of Stephen Smith, and
otl ers
\ t ill for tin it lief t f Ri b-it Abbott, and the
othei htirs of 1 unes Abbott, deceased,
A I  II for the relief of Matthew C   Perry,
A ¡ ill t< r the relief of L It Shu buck, of the
Ijiniel btateulsavj ,                                                     '
209
oils
A  bill   for  the relief of Puddle, Deckle', and
her 
A bill foi fi e reh°f John J   \very,                       I
A   II far t1 e r I e  ofS eph n Oa Im,
A bill foi the re lef of Tn  ct, eO^ens,
A  uiii  for tne ren-f of '! e tepresentatives of
Tlionuí Clcmcriis, dtceas  ¡,
A ot'l for the rehef of S M  W .11 and II  Per
c v I,
A bill for th  Hief of S'-ubaM Conant,
A bill for the Hief of the lejal lepresentatives
of Aaron Smith,
A bill fo- t! p rel ef of Thomas Ball,
A bill fir the telie'i I Rich-id ÍI   L e,
A  bill  for the relief ot  Wnliam Ilcscall ni d
otl er°,
A hi'l for the rt'ie'of Ebenezei Bree J,
A I il1 foi 'he rchef, f George Davenport,
A bill for U e rthrf of Richird B itman,
A b II for the re'tcfof tnec nlire.i of Dominick
Lynch, ¡>rd
A Lili for the relief o<"Joh . Fmzer & Co.
BIJ LS COAblDERCD.
The House, on motion t' Mr BIO'W, went
ir a Commit ec of the Whole  (Mr   Goidon in
the chsir) uprn the foil ivvin    i'ls reported oy the
Commit ee on invalid Pensio it
A hill fo- the berefi   of J ihn Cullms,
A bi 1 granting i persion to An^isa A   T (Ft,
A Ldl for t -  relief o    Harvey Reynolds and
John C">spy,
A bill for the rel ef of Josiih V/estloke
A bi'l granting a pe ísion to Uaac Ja-vi«r,
A biM for the re''*'" of Josnh H   Biown and
John Conk n,
A bill to resfoie  'o certain invalid pens oners
the amount of persio i bv them id "qai bed,
\ oil! for the re'ief of Cnocn Ciáis le I,
A   b,ll  granting  pensionb   to   certai i   pt,sons
theiem rameJ,
A bill s;rantirif a pension to J"hn F Wncy, and
m^reasi ig the [ ei sion of Geo g  Fields,
A bi'l grant! ig i pensi > i to Wi   i n SWcuro,
A b II granting a pension to Wil   im W ges,
A hi 1 foi the rel efof S m ie' \I   A"biry,
A bu1 gianting a peision to Fianc s F St Cun
A  bill for the relief of the invalid pensioners
therein mentioned
A bill gramil g a pension to Josenh Mende,
A bill giaiting a pension to Luke Yoirris ,
A hi 1 g.an'ing a petibion to Colonel Gideon
Morg n,
A bi'l gra"tmg a pension to Penj'irin Leslie,
A i ¡11 granting pensions to William Caden and
Ji nes Harrington,
A 1 ill fai t! e relief of Jo^n Ashton,
A bdl for the relief of Cnhraim F Gilbert,
V  h II grarfu g e pension to Is^ac Carter
A hill gnnt ng a pensi i- to John Geiode'le,
V  bil  fn the relief of Samoel Shelmerdine,
\ unl for the renef of Thomas Morton
\ hi'l to i  ciease the pension of Ongen Eaton,
V  bill granting i pension to Jo in W Cox,
A till for 'he re'ief of loseph Swarivvood,
A hill grai ting an arrearage of pension to Ed-
wcid ¡Nicholson,
\ bill for  the relief of Abraham E  Boutwell
and Divid Peaison,
A bill gran'mg a pension to Robert Lucas,
A Tnll for the rehef of George McFadden,
fi I ill for the lehef of John Moore,
A bi'l grantng a pension to Simeon S   MotiII,
A bill foi tl e lehef of George C  Seaton,
A bi'l gran'ing a pension io Larned bftallow,
A bill gianting a pension to Tohn Brvant,
A bill granting a pension to Noah Millei
A bill placing Captain Cole, a Seneca chief, on
the pension roll
A bill foi the ielief of Benjamin Holland,
A bill for the re'ief William Kellei
A bill granting a pension to Justus Cobb,
A bill granting a pension  to Lambert L   Van
Valkenbuig,
A bill gianting a pension to Isaac Ecknght,
A bill for the relief of VYillmm C   Beard,
A bill for tfce rehef of Tlijah Tate,
A hill for the ielief of Jacob Stewart
A bill for the relief of Ely ih Blodgett,
A bill for the relief of Thomas Simpson, and
A bill for the lthef of Thankful Rindall
Ihe committee ro¡>e, tepoited the bills to the
House, when the amendments to a portion of them
weie agreed to, and they were ordeied to Le en-
gr ssed and read a third time to-morrow
rhe House wei i again i ito Comm.t'ee (Me
Meuodr in the . han) on the f ,lowing bills
A oill for the rehef of Colonel Daniel Nevynan;
A bid fur the rehef of Peter Inpiett,
A b II for the relief of Peter Dextator and Jacob
Weaver,
A bill for the ielief of John Dal, of Mame,
A hi'l foi the relief of Simem Meachum,
A bill for the reh'f of Joseph Gilbe-.,
A bill for the relief of tl e widow and heirs of
Samuel Southeiland,
A oí l for the relief of Timothy Jordan,
Alillfn the ielief of David Pige,
A bill foi the relief of Walter Phillips, and
A bill far the relie'of Li zabeth May
Tne com  n ee lose, reponed the bills to the
House, pud they were ordered to be engrossed
and read a tl ird time to monow
On mot.on of Mi MITCHELL, of Ohio, the
Commiitet. of the Wl ole were discharged from
the firthei consideration of 'he bill to author Zf
the sum cy ot certain lands ad|acent to the canal
íeservoir on Licking Summu, in the State of
0  io
Mr MITCHELL asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to ordei the bill to beengiossed
at thi3 time     L was objected to
Tt ne amendments heretofore reported from the
Ciramittee of the Wnole to the bill for the relief
of S epheii Chittenden, were corcurrcd m, and the
bill ordered to be engros eJ
The amend nent reieorore reported from the
Committee of the Whole to the bill for the relief
of Colonel William Lawrence, was consideied,
a"d, arer some remarks by Messrs THOM \S,
of Louisiana, MILLER, PARKER, LVA1SS,
HIBBARD, BÜRGE.S, MASOiN, ot Virginia,
and HlITH, disagreed to
Mi HUBBARD moved a further amendment,
providing that the pension to Coionel Ltwrence
hou d ta\e eflect and commence from July,
1S31
Mr C1MBRELENG demanded the yeas and
nays on this amendment which weieordered,ard
were—yea¡> 90, nays GO
The oill was the i oid red to be ergiossed and
re id a third time, as amended
On mo'ion of Mr  McKIM,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE
SvrtjPDAY, February 7, 1835
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Commi'tee on
Roads and Cinals, reported a bi'l supplementary
to an act authorizing the Territory of Florida to
construct certain canals therein named
Mr HENDRICKS, from the same comnittee,
reported a bill authonzing certain railroad com-
panies to construct roads through the Knds of the
United States, which was read and ordered to a
second reading
Mr KING, of Alabama, on leave, introduced
a bill providing for the erection of a light house
at Mobile Point, and for placing buoys near the
same
Mr BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Ailiirs, in pursuance of a resolution of the Senate
directing an inquiry to be made into the propriety
of making further appropriations for arming the
fortifications of the United States, reported a bill
for the purpose, which was read, and oidered to
a second reading
Mr ROBBINS, from the Committee on the
Library, lepor ed the joint lesolution directing
cei am medals to be struck m honor of the officeis
engaged in the defence of Fort St Stephens, with
an amendment
Mr McKEANand Mr WAGGAMAN pre-
sented petiuons of a private nature, which were
appioprmtely referred
The bill for the relief of Slips D Fisher,
The bill for the relief of Duncan L Clinch, and
The bill making an appropriation to complete
certain roads in the Territory of Arkansas, were
severally read the thud time and passed
The bill, in addiuon to the act for the relief of
the hens of Geoige Hurlburt, deceased, was lead
210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
..he second time as in Committee of the Whole,
when,   after   some   remarks   between   Messrs   |
SMITH,LEIGH, WHITE,HILL, and KING,
the bill was ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading
Mr POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition
of H H Hall, relative to the location of Virginia
military land wanants, repo-ted unfavorable upon
the same, and the committee were discharged from
the further consideiation of the subject
Mr POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, to which was referred the bill from the House
for the relief of James M Tuttle, reported the
same without amendment
Mr  POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, to which was leferred the memorial from the
Legislature of Illinois, praying a relinquishment I
of the 16 h section and the entiy of other lands in I
lieu thereof for the use of schools, reported unfa  I
vorably upon the same, and the committee were i
di8chaiged from the fuilher consideration of the
subject                                                                           '
Mr LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu- |
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of j
Sally Springer and others, legal representatives of j
Colonel William Crawfoid, deceased, which was
read the fust time, and oideied to a second lead
ing
BILL TO REORGANIZE THE PJST OrFICE
DEPARTMENT.
On mo'ionofMr E WING, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill changing the organi-
zation  of  the  General   Post Office,  when   Mi
CALHOUN withdiew the amendment he sub
mit ed yesteiday
Mr EWING moved to amend the bill by
striking out £,4 000, the compensation given to the
Commissioner, and inserting §3,500
Mi   WRIGHT moved to amend the amend
ment by redui ing the salary to |3,000 pei annum
Mr WRIGHT said he was desirous, of putting
this officer on the same giade, as legirded the
salary, with the Auditors of the Tieasuiy, and he
saw no reason for the distinction between them
The salary was quite suffi lent, and it must be
perceived by Senatois that the time was veiy near
when all the Auditors would be put on the same
footing
Mr   Wi ight's pioposition was agreed to
Seveial unimportant amendments were then
made to the second, third, fourth, and fifth sec
lions, when
Mr EWING moved an amendment, requn ing
the books in the Gereral Post Offi e, nppiopn
ately belonging to the Commissioner's office, to be
delivered up to that officer on the 10 h of March
next, and requiring the Postmaster Geneial to
" deliver to the Solicitor all books and papéis in
' the Post Office, or copies or extracts therefiom
' relative to suits brought, and a statement of all
' matters in suit and all judgments remaining
' unsatisfied," which were agreed to
The 12 h section prohibits any additional com
pensauou fiom being made tonny mailcontiactor
tor additional services in carrying the mail upon
any mail jott/e, so as to increase the compensation
to more than double the net amount of postages
received on the route, &C
Mi EWING moved to amend this section by
inseiting after the word " route," in italics, these
words " which shall have been established for
ten  5 ears before the execution of his contiact "
Tins amendment was, also agreed to
The 12 h section fuither provides that " when
'any extra service shall be ordered, the amount
'of the allowance therefor, in dollar  and cents,
' shall be signified in the ordei for such service,
' and be forthwith entered upon the books of the
'General Post Office "
Mr CWING moved to add to this, "and no
' additional compensation shall be paid for any
' extra services oideied before the issuing of such
' ordei and the making of such entry," which was
agreed to
Several unimportant amendments were made
in other sections of the oil!, on motion of Mr
EWING, when
Mr. PORTER moved an amendment as an
additional section to the bill," That it shall be the
' duty of the Postmaster General to enter into a
' contract for carrying a daily mail between New
' Orleans and Mobile "
Upon this proposition a discursive debate en-
sued
Mr SOUTHARD opposed it, not because he
was unfavorable to a daily mall between Mobile
and New Orleans, for he thought there ought to
be one transported there But hi" difficulty was
in selecting any particular route where there should
be a dally mail carried, and introducing it into this
bill He thought it ought to be incorporated in a
particular bill, and unless this was a very gnev
ous case, he would be opposed to it
Mr PORTER admitted there was «ome incon-
gruity in incorporating a provision like this in a
general law, but he hoped the Senate would con
sent to mtioducmg it when hisieaso is were heard
If the subject had been left to the Postmaster
Geneial, to do as he had done for rine months
past, they had nothing else to look for but con
tmued inteiruption, for, by the bill, no change
could be made in any contiact upon a route which
was of ten year&'standing, and therefore this route
would be cut oil Incongruities should yielc to
general utility and public necessity The mail
was now earned only thiee times a week, and he
believed this interruption was done for the pur-
pose of inducing Louisiana to send Senatois heie
who would suppoit the Postmaster General No
other part of the whole country, it appeared,
coald be selected for making letrenchments upon,
but this one Mi P then recurred, at some
length, to the Pieaident's letter to the people of
New Orleans, and the allusions made therein to
himself and his colleague When Mr P con-
cluded,
Mr LINN said, if the amendment should pass,
and he was not in favor of it, he would then pro
pose anothei to cairy the mail daily1 fiom Louis-
ville to St Lorn —he did not wish to embarrass
the bill, but if this passed he would feel it his
duty to offer the one he suggested
Mr WAGGAMAN said the honorable gentle-
man had not taken a just view of this amendment
New Oileans was the only commercial phcewhich
had been made the victim of the curtailment of
the expenses of the Post Office Department The
impoitant commercial relations of that city made
it indispensable that a regulai daily mail should
be kept up The exports fiom thatcity alone, in
1835, would be ¡>50,000 000, and in ten years it
would bi doubled This fact would present to
the Senate the necessity of an unrestrained daily
inteicouise between that city and theNorth This
was the object of his colleague's unendment, and
it occuned to him that New Orleans should be
made an exception He was willing that St
Louis should have equal privileges, if it had as
impeiatne claims The necessity of a daily mail
from Mobile to New Oileans was self evident
The amount of postages which weie taken in the
la'ter city was about $46 000, while $,40,000 only
was estimated to be sufficient foi the tiansporta
Hon of the mail Why not giant it then ' They
asked nothing umeesonable, but only that what
they paid inio the Treasuiy might be appropri-
ated for their use
Mi BIBB said he should vote for the proposi
tion, notwithstanding the objection of the honora-
blegentleman from New Jersey, [Mr Southírd ]
Mail routes were established by Congiess,and the
q íestion now wis, whether, if it v/as manifestly
propel that the mail should be transported a cei-
tain number of times on a particular route, it was
the duty of Congress so to direct He thought it
was Could theie be any more doubt thata daily
mail was as ne< essary between Mobile and New
Oileans as between the seat of Government and
New Orleins,and between Washington and New
York or P! iladelphia > If it wis self-evident that
it was impoitant to have a daily communication
between New York and New Orleans, and th 
Postmas ei General would not establish it, ought
it not to oe done' It was said he would notestab
lish it, but that it was only tri weekly Then he
thought a provision for the purpose ought to be
introduced into this bill, and he would go for any
other similar proposmon where the propriety of
it was ns manifest as this was
Mr GRUNDY remarked that, having given his
opinions very fully yesterday, he would not say
anything to day on the general topics connected
with this biir But if theie had been any person
more consistent than another in favor of this mail
being carried dany he was that man He akvaya
was in favor of it, and reported favorably upon it
last year He thought there should be a regular
daily mail between New Oileans and the eastern
States But such a cáseas thib nevei had occui red
m our legislation before Congress had never yet
said when and bow the mail should be conveyed
fiom place to place He believed there was one
instance in which Congress had authorized the
employment of a steamboat for that purpose He
was very unwilling to see this special kind of
legislation The object was certainly a desirable
one, but if this proposition was agreed to, the
honorable gentleman from Missouri would also
make out his case, and perhaps a veiy strong one,
and how could you refuse it? And another and
another would then be presented, and how could
you refuse the accommodation ' Let this be estab-
lished as a precedent, and other applications would
be irresistible It would also be trenching upon
one of the great principles of this bill, which re-
quired the Postmaster General not to extend the
expenditures of the department beyond its reve-
nues And when, by legislating, you encioached
upon this principle, you destioyed his responsi-
bility He agreed that this daily mail was proper,
and ought to be established, but he hoped it would
be done in the ordinary way
Mr SOUTHARD thought it important that
this should be a daily mail íoute, and if it could
not be done otherwise Congress ought to dnect it
But we m ght command the Postmaster General,
and still it would no' be done But his difficulty
was that this was not the propei place to introduce
it, it should be inserted in a bill establishing post
routes Such a bill, he had no doubt, would be
passed at this session—there were petitions for it
both heie and in the other House, and it wc uld
be easy to say in that bill that theie should be a
dally mail between Mobile and New Oilcans
He assured the gentlemen from Louisiana that, in
some form or other, he would give them hisuimost
exertions to carry such a proposition thiough
Mr EWING said he agreed with the honor-
able Senatois from Louisnna, that a daily mail
between New Oileans and Mobil  was high'y
necessary And he also agreed with the other
Senatois, [Viessrs Grundy and Southakd,] that
this bill should not be encumbered with unneces-
sary provisiors There was anothei objection
this bil' must yet pass through the othei House,
where, if it was sent loaded with encumbrances, it
would be impossible to get through this session—
and it w i of the utmost importance that it should
be passed
The question being upon the amendment, Mr
WAGGAMAN asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered
Mr PRLS TON explained his reasons for voting
againsfthe amendment An important pioposi-
tion (said Mi P ) had been but yesterday with-
diawn to pi event everything unnecebsary from
being mcoiporated in the bill, and he was opposed
to this amendment on the same ground
The question was then put, and decided in the
negative—yeas 8  nays 33, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bibb, Black,Mangum,Moore,
Pomdexter  Porter, Robbins, and Waggaman—8
NAYS-Messrs Bell Brown, Buchanan Cuth-
bert, Ewmg, Frelinghuvsen, Goldsborough,
Giundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Ln n,
McKean, Morris, Naudain, Prentiss, Preston,
Robinson, Ruggles, She[ ley, Smith, Southaid,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlmson, White,
and Wright—33
Several other unimportant amendments weie
then made, so as to conform to others inserted in
theexamination of the bill, andit was then repoited
to the Senate as amended
The question being then put on all the amend-
ments col'ec'ively, they were agreed to
Mi KING, of Georgia, then moved further to
amend the bill in that part which prescribes the
mode of letting contracts His proposition was
that proposals should be handed in sealed, which
should then be regularly numbered, and when
opened it should be done in presence of the bid-
] ^35
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
ileis, aloo, that all ? miuirmtion or ciiisolidanon
bids feh  ul 1 i o  1 e >K «ive I
\i i nciei uVs j''*fei \i E'VING _r I
IV'i Kl NC '( f i pi 11 ifi w «• i jetted, on a
divi i ii —yt   > l*1, i ays 1!)
Mi LWLNU htn ud pttd i , ortion of Mr
] INO'itiro) Hi)", and m ¡ved it as an amend
i lent, as Í il ow- ' ei Ii route ti i e bid fir, sepa
iaí.l>, iid ejart e comiacts eycuted fji each
uccep ed 1 ul, and every r ocotal "hs.H be handed
in ^en ed
Mi WR1GÍI T ii quired, whether it had occur
rid to «rertleuic i tha 'his a nemlir k t   mid very
ni ch Hurtase the | n e of ma 1 transportation
lie had inudetnn [ ury of I e f irrnei P j&tfmf-ter
Oeiieiil, wl en 1 e wits in c Tice, wi h o view to this
pub c t, nd he w id thei mf i i ed tliatsuch would
be ! ie * ílc uifí i strict a n e¡ sure
Mr   LV\ IMi <    ild n          j th t it wuld not
1! \p tli  (i! ei i in rea r i, he o t< f Ir ms joita
not Pu it tieitwerc lanriess m corsi'iilatinn
bi'K.i w >uld not n ne that I" ct Ai d he thought
K wo  d i ot in c t ir lat he expen e Yd,
f i ch wa th  nifuiiii ai J uncer ainty whica
t rev idei in eMsiins -v ru's f this i md, thit it
was bet er tl ere h > i! 11 enu increase of exnense,
than t'iib e   i     inu'd    ctottnucd
Mr ülljN D i <• ud tin v th s wns a so ject on
which ' e Ii id f i id no e i' fa il v m In  own
m id than u o t i It wis an eul, but the
dilicuiiy was o nit ibe dmun em, d at the
nie'nieo'ni u * ic i it iver let ce ríe rif 2"ht
it w uil'i u he i Í7V t fin ei=ui g [i e e\nen  
of can _y if ^ uip mail, t ut tint was I etter th i t e
c  use ot      tr     lit
f   ie fui f ei   ier*i°'J s y ere mrde  I y Mf^r
YVILSli"   KING    f Ge r n, riBB, PPC-5
ION   i   lslh í'Ll  i   i i 'm i ot tli'arr«njmert,
and 'y Mr   \V( lull 1 a<ni  si i
Tr VV \(j.C ! \I \ \ a ked the yeas and nays,
upo i Us oi, in win h \ve e or le>«\i an I ti-"
q ie ij wis ¡ie " mine 1 in the iffirma lie—yeas
41   inys >  as follows
\E^-\].S.| J) 1, Benton, B bl>, Clack,
Down,  151 h ni i , O In iun, Ctithbe t,  Caii g,
I  ielm.,1 u>   en     Go'ti" )i>n>ti"b,    Grand),   lien
dnck«,  11 II    Kent   Knu of  \lnhama, Ku g of
Ger r-ria.kiiürhi,!., ! ;n, Linn, VKIyci .Manqui),
Moore, Na dm , Pjindex er, Prentiss, Pre ton,
II   lib n , Iliil ii si , R ijjIc , S ie le>, Silsbee,
^i tl ,S u lifrdjSAif , Tipton,Timhn^on, T^ lei,
tta-    i     , Wt    ei, Whi e— '1
IS Si "3—Vussrs   i «limadle and Wright—2
Mi £ \\ 1N& then moved a further amend'nent
to the un , t i i mntdiu ely af er the lettinís tl e
i i Ks co i n°r the ie"i er of the oids shall be
o^c   ed t  i i       tc ion   ' which \us agreed to
ill SHLPLL\ then oiture 1 a fuiihei amend
me ii ' ,ln t it any [ ersdn bid for diferent route',
' "e          p \ ,   11 ¡   i are tonrected with ea h othei,
'  I h 11 i Lt ibtaui the pnncipal route, he nuy
' 'er i ile -uboi Jinnee route, and it shah be let
'if*1'
M BLíHXNAN thoight th«re was no
Ki uidnlu irel ensior on this subject The great
mill i >i ti >c ors woi Id diuea'l the small contrac
lir tr mi the [ tib ic rinds ot the United States
And ltlnugh it would not be known to the depart-
ment i eir t id wo Id be known to etch other
11 pie wi u d e c imbn ations as we'l fi r the little
as the gie- to i es and then they would transfer
to e«h othei I hn would be (he result in pric
tire It w ul 1 be -is i «1' now, with this diffet
en<"e, that it wi uld not le known at the depart
mei t
Í he amendment wis disagreed to
Mr POINOI MTU hen ofkred a further
amen i lei t , r \ ¡115 th U if tin) deputy pollinas
tei hall n iv n ut reOi^e tode ner,or shall detain
any lei'c-, 1 e vspnj  r penodital, or other paper1,
tiansmi ud thr ti h the mail with intent to pie
vent the same tiom lulv renclunif the person to
whom it is direc ed 1 e sin!! forfeit a penalty not
exretdn j five Inn died tlolhrs ind undergo an
ini(ii oniutn n< ev ceding; mv. mon hs, be dib
1111-5 ed ti mi lire, at I be ever aftei wards nicapa
1 Ie >f Ii  ' li )r the 1 l ire <>l depu'v postm ister
\fter some < mers 1 ion 1 etween Messrs ROB
IN->OV, POIM)r\Illt BIBB, and PRI3
loNr uj on the piop>sed a nendment, it wa&
u„ietd to
Mr K^G, of Georgia, then offered a further
amendm-nt as an additional secuon to the bil',
w  ieh was to prohuu mail contnetors fiom put'
ting coaches for the cor veyance of passengers upon
otl er r jute , in^opposition to the coaches of the
regular mail contractor on tueh route
After some explanation from Mi KING of the
objtct of the amendment,
Mr WR.1G1IT asked the yeas and nays upon
1 s adoption, wl tch were ordered, and are as fol
lows
YD AS—Messrs Bibb, Calhoun, Cuthbert,
King of Alabama, Kin  ol Georgia, Leigh, Linn,
Matigum, Moo-e, Poindey er—10
IN \Y3—Messrs Bell, Be nor), Brown,Bud an
an, E*in^, F.e'inghuysen, Goldsborough, Grun-
dy, llendiirks, Hill, Ivent, iCn ht, McKean,
\T udam, Pj'ter, Pientiss, Pieston, Robbms,
RojMTjon, Ruggles, Shepley, Silsbee, Smitti,
fe utianl, SAift,TU'madge, Tipton, Tomhnson,
TyUr, Wasguman, Webster, White, Wiigni- 33
So the amendment was disagreed to
The question being on the engrossment of the
bu! fot a third reading,
Mr LWING asked the yeas and nays, which
were ord reJ, and ale as follows
1 FAS-_M ssrs B ll, Benton, Bitb, Biown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Ewmg, Treiing
huy en, Goldsborough, Giundy, Ilendr cks, Hill,
Kent, King of Alabama, King ot Georgia, Knight,
L"iglr, Linn, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Morris,
Va idam, P undexter Porter, Píen iss, Pieston,
Rubins, Robinson, Haggles, Shepley, Silbbee,
Smith,Southard, Swift, lallmadge, Tipton, I im
'1 son, Pvler, VVaggaman, Webster Whue,
Wrijrh—14
NAYS—Vtne
& > 1 he tpiestion was unanimously determined in
the j^irm tive
Mr W^GGAMAV then gave no'ice, that on
Mondiy next he wou d ask 'eave to introduce a
oiil d ectmg a daily mad to be iun fiom Mobile to
New Organs
And then the Senate adjourned
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES            !
Svtxrday, Febiuaiy" 1&35                     I
Mr MERCER fiom th  Committee on Roads
aid Cana's, íepoited a bill to provide for the
opening of <-euain roads in the Territory of Arkan-
sas, and forotherpurposes which was read twice
ind comm tted                                                             H
Mr   MCRCER, from the stm  commi'tee, re
ported a bill  to provide for the improvement of
the harbor of Clinton rivet, in Michigan Territory,
and forotherpurposes, which vas read twice and
co n-mtted
Mi CHANEY,from the Committee on Invalid
Pei sions, reported a Liil granting a persion to
James Calvert, which was read twice and com
muted
Mr PE ARCE, of Rhode Island, from the Com
mtttee on Comme ce, made a report accompanied
by a bill to piov deforan expedition to the Pacific
ocean and South sea which was read twice ai d
committed,ind, together with the repor', ordered
to be printed
DRAPTSMA\ OP THE   HOUSE
Mr SCHLEY, by consent, submitted the fol-
low ing lesolution
liesohed, Tl at the Committee on the Post Office
end Pt st Roads be instructed 'o inquire into the
expediency of abolishing the ofHi-eof diaftsman to
the House of Repiesentatives, ind discommon g
the annual expenditure of fifteen hundred dollars
now paid *o fhat officer
Mi McKEXNAN1 said he would like to know
the reasons which hid induced the gentleman
from Georgia to oñer this reso'ution Several
>eaia ago the offce of draftsman had been, a*ter
much discussion, abolished It had subsequen'ly,
however, b en *bund necessary to restore the
former older of thing's and to reinstate this officer
of the House
Mi SCULLY said it was true that this office,
uponconsideiation bad heretofore leen abolished,
and subsequen ly let tabhshed for what reason,
he knew not The individual who occupied this
offke was daily enga0ed 111 reporting the pioceed
mgs of this House for a morning paper of this city,
while a gentleman by the name of Burr was em-
p 05 ed -n preparing those maps for the Committee
on the Pjgt Office and Post Roads, which it was
the peculiar duty of the draftsman of the House to
perform What would be the extra expense thus
incurred, ¡1  knew not, but presumed it would
exceed fifteen hundred dollars He saw no ne-
cessity for continuing this office if it was neces-
sary to employ another individual to perform its
duties while the incumbent was emploved as a
reporter for a newspaper His attenuon had
been drawn to the subject by the fact that Mi
Burr had been employed to execute the necessary
maps required by the Committee on the Post Ot-
f ce and Post Roads He could not remain silent,
and see such a wasteful and prodigal expendi-
ture of the public money, without interposing
an objection Pie was aware of the facility with
which the hangers on of this House manage to
put their hands nto the public Treasury He
considered himself, and -every member of this
House n the capacity of a guardian of the public
treasure, and he felt the same obligation to take
care of it, that he womd to take care of the estate
of m nors for whom he had been legally ap
pointed the guardian The maps requned by the
committees of the House, he was satisfied, could
be procured at ¡ess expense than the sum now
paid In conclusion, he could see no good reason
why another pe-son should be employed to do
this work wh Ie the regular offi er of the House,
instead of at ending to his uuties, was engaged as
a íeporter of its proceedings
Mr McKENlNAV admired the spirit of econ-
omy which seemed to actuate the ge iilenan from
Georgia, [Mr Schley ] He was bound to sup
pose tnat the resolution was solely diciited by
con iderations of economy It was nrobable,
however, that the object was to procure these
mp,is to be made by some other person, that it
was intended ti make room for some favorite
Ble had understood that greater faculties had been
afforded at the Post Office Depaitment to another
individua' tnan weie extended to the draftsman of
this House The duties of this officer were not
confined to the Post Office Depart-nent He was
also assiduous!/ engaged in the performance of
duties required by the Committee on Roads arW
Canals, and other committees He was unwilling
that this office should be abolished, merely for
the purpose of transferring its duties to some
favorite
Mr PEARCE said, if the officer of the House
did not execute the dunes required of him, it
might be a proper subject of inquiry He could
not, howevei, see the propuety of transferring
the duties from the present officer to another—
nothing could be gained by it
The duties of the diaftsman were not confined
to the Com mi tee or the Post OfEce The Com-
mittees on Public ard Private Land Claims, and
on Roads and Canals, lequired the constant ser-
vices or this officer Several of the members of
his family were also engaged in aiding him in tne
performance of his duties If an inquiry was ne-
cessary , it was a ma ter of doubt to what commit-
tee it should go About once in two years, when
the Committee on the Post Office reported a bill
creating new post routes, the services of the drafts-
man weie necessary The other committees to
which he had íeferred, required his services almost
daily In conclusion, he could see 110 reason
for a change It was the duty of the Clerk of the
House to see that this officer did his duty, and if
Mi Burr had been employed by the Clerk, it was
his duty to explain why this had been done
Mi LOVE said, as a general rule, he was in
favor ot resolutions of inquiry He was satisfied
his fnend from Georgia [Mr Schley] had no
other motive in offering the resolution, than a high
regard to duty and the public interest—that he
was actuated by no sinister views He knew that
se'eialof the sons of the draftsman for the House,
who were every way competent, were engaged m
aiding him m the peiformance of his duties It
should, therefore, not be an objection to him that
he spent three hou'S each day in reporting the
speeches of members, (m a manner, too, better
than any other reporter ) It would be recollected
that after much debate at a former session, on the
subject Df reiorm, the only result was an abolí-
212       _______________     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________February 1,
tion of the office of diaftsman It had been sub-
sequently found necessary to reinstate this officer
]f ihegent'eman wbu'd modify his reso'ution so
ns to inquue into all the abuses m the puouc de-
partments, wi li a view to leform, he should have
his hearty assent He would go with him most
heartily in all attempts to coirect abuses tie
had been informed that aftei the office of drafts-
man was abolished, it had cost ten times moie to
procure the necessary work to be done by the
job, than was paid to this officer Why had not
the regular draftsman of the House been called
unon to execute the work which had been done
by anotner' If he had been so called upon, and
refused, then it would be a proper subject of
inquiry In conclusion, he repeated that if the
gentleman would so shape his resolution as to
li quire into any and all abuses which might exist
in the departments, he should have his cordial
cooperation
Mr STEWART said this was rather a small
mattei, aknough it seemed likeiy to lead to a long
debate There was but tin ee weeks remaining of
the present session, and much important business
to be acted upon He would, therefoie, move to
lay the resolution on the table
Mi SCHLEY asked foi the yeas and nays on
the motion, which weie oidered
M LOVE could not vote to lay the resolution
on the table, although he was opposed to the
adoption of the lesomtion in its piesent shape
Mr S1EWART wnhdiew his motion to lay
the resolution on the table
Mr SCHLEY said it was impossible for him
to krow the motives which actuated the course of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr McKen
nan ] lie had thought fit to attribute impioper
motivet to him, (Mi S) It would peil aps be
bettei foi the gentleman to look to his own mo
Uves, without reflecting upon those of others He
was not in the habit of imputingunworthy motives
to others, and he had no evidence that would au
thorize him to impute such to the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania, [Mr McKennan ] But if the old
maxim be true, " that we judge others by our
selves," then it would follow that the gentleman
made propositiorls fiom unworthy motives He,
(Mi S ,) howevei, did not believe the-gentleman
oupable of such a couiso
In offering the resolution, he had no favorite m
view, noi was his motion the result of any man
ugement or pieconcert He had no acquaintance
with any person qualified to discharge the duties
of draftsman No applications had been made to
h m No peisons solicited him for ft vois he.e
He had not seen any such persons His associa
tions did not lead him to such discovenes He
had offeied the resolution without consulung any
person He had daily seen the diafisman of the
House engaged in reporting speeches here, while
another individual was employed at the public
expense to discharge his dunes He had inquned
why this was the case, and had obtained no satis-
factory reply If Mr. Stansbeiry was incompe
tent 01 unable to perform these duties, another
should be appointed in his place If laige sums
were to be paid to another for these services, it
was proper that this almost useless officer of the
House should be dispensed with He barely
knew the piesent incumbent when he saw him
He had no objections to him peisonally Hewas
actuated in offering the resolution by considerations
of public duty alone It has been said Jiat this
officer, particularly in relauon to the duties requited
by theland committees, performed his duties faith-
fully If, upon inquiry, it should be found that
all the services required of this officer were per-
formed properly and with fidelity, there would be
an end of the matter, and he, forone, would vote
against the abolition of the office If, on the con
trary, this offre, under present circumstances,
should, upon inquiry, be found to be unneces-
sary, he presumed no gentleman would vote for
its continuance He was surprised that gentle
men should be opposed to this inquiry Do they
feai it'
In relation to the suggestion of his friend from
Kentucky, [Mr Lovf,] as to the propriety of
extending the inquiry to other supposed abuses
in the depaitments of the Government, he should
not obiect to such a proceeding, if it was brought
forwaid in a separate proposition     It was best to
I do one thing at a time If he was aware of any
other abuses, he would not hesitate to bring them
I to the consideiation of the House If the gentle-
man from Kentucky would propose a resolution of
the character indicated by him, he would go for
I it He would be perfectly willing that a select
committee should be raised on any such íesolu-
tion, wi h the gentleman from Kentucky at its
head, and he would be willing to stand at the foot
of such committee, for the purpose of feiretmg out
any abuses which might be supposed to exist.
(     Mr   H  EVERETT desired to know if maps
I had been made by orderof the House, whether the
draftsman of the Houi e had been first required
' to do the servic, previous to the employment of
another Mr Burr, he understood, was the pe-
culiar offioei of the Post Office Depaitment He
wished to know, al&o, whether the maps alluded
to had been oideied by the Post Office Committee
! Mi SCHLEY replied that he understood Mr
Burr had been employed under a resolution of the
House, whether at the instance of the Committee
on the Post Office he knew not
Mr BRIGGS said that, during the last session
of Congress, the Committee on the Post Office re-
quned vanous maps connected with their'duties
i he draftsman of the House had been required to
I execute them, which he failed to do, owing as he
I alleged that the pioperfacilities were withheld fiom
him at the department     The draftsman had ap-
' plied at the department for a map necessary to
the performance of the duty required, but lie was
informed that it could not be taken from the de-
partment, and could only be used in the office
' He knew not whether this apology of the drafts-
man was consideied sufficient The maps were
necessary, and the Clerk of the House was re-
quited by resolution to procure their execution
The Clerk did not apply to the draftsman of the
House under the circumstances, as he understood
from the terms of the resolution he was required
to employ another individual to perform the ser-
vice He considered this officer essentially neces-
saiy     The resolution to which  he had refened
• showed the piopnety of continuing this office
The draftsman employed under the lesolution had
been constantly employed in the discharge of the
duty assigned to him, and it would take months
to complete the woik If the gentleman was
anxious to knowwhethei this officer peiformed
hisduties faithfully, he had better direct his inquiry
to that point He was not prepaied to say
whether this officer had or had not dischmged the
dunes assigned  him with fidelity    He had no
I objection to the inquiry   If the office was abolished,
nothing wouid  be gained by it, as the aeivices
would hive to be pel formed by the job 01 othei
wise, at an expense equal, if not greater than that
at present allowed
The resolution was agreed to
PRINTER TO CONGRESS.
Mr   ROBERTSON, by leave, offered the fol-
lowing resolutions
J     Resolved, That the  office  or  appointment  of
j printei to the Senate and  House of Representa-
tives, respectively, ought to be abolished or dis
pensed with
Resolved, That in future all punting on public
account should be done under contracts with such
persons, and subject to such regulations as may
be authorized and prescribed by law, and that to
this end, the Secretary of theSenate, the Cleik of
the House of Representatives, the Postmaster
General, and the Secretary of the Treasu y, be
authorized and requued to advertise, respectively,
for sealed proposals to execute first, all printing
by order, or on account of the Senate, secondly, all
printing on account of the House of Representa
Uves, thirdly, all punting within the District of
Columbia for the Post Office Department, and,
j fourthly, all othei punting within the said Distnct,
on public account, the said proposals to be retui ned
to and lodged in the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, and to be opened on some day to be pre-
scribed by law, and mentioned in the advertise-
ments, in the presence of the said attorney general,
and all theoffieers above-named, and thecontracts
to be then and there entered into by and between
the said officers, respectively, acting on behalf of
the United States, and such persons as may be
willing to undeitake the said printing on the most
| advantageous terms to the public, and to giveade-
¡ quate security for the faithful execution of the
work Provid'd, Tnat no person nor company
employed by any one of the officers authorized to
j enter into conti acts for the same, snull be employed
I oi concerned in any other pnntirg on public ac-
count, authorized to be contacted tor by the other
officers, respectively, and in case of an equality in
two or more bids, the preference shall be given to
the person whose proposals were first lodged m
the Attorney General's office: Piovidid also, That
no person holding any office or appointment under
the Government, shall be employed to do any part
of the public punting, or to have an inteiest ot
concern therein.
Mr EVANS said, the resolution was one of
considerable importance, and as the hour devoted
to reports and resolutions had neaily expired, he
would pre'er that the resolution should be printed
and postponed to Monday, and that the House
should pioceed to the consideration of the orders
, of the day
I     Mr. ROBERTSON would not object to a post
! pon°ment of his resolution to Monday, provided
it should be made the special order for that day
He did not propose to discuss it at the present
time The period had, however, arrived when,
under a joint rule of the two Houses, it became
necessary to choose a printer If, theiefoie, the
resolution offered by him was acted upon, it
should be speedily done    He would move that
I theiesoluuon be postponed to Monduy,and made
the special order for that day
j The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that his
resolution would come up as a matter of course,
I on Monday, as the unfinished business of the
morning hour of this day.
SURVEY OF TRAIL CREEK.
Mr. HANNEGAN offered the following les-
olution, which, under the rule, lies one day
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if in the
possession of the War Department, a copy of the
survey, plan, and estimate, for the construction
of a harbor at the mouth of Trail cieek, on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Indiana, 01 any inform-
ation he may possess in relation thereto.
SURVEY OF CUMBERLAND RIVER.
Mr BEATTY offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day
| Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to this House the survey and
report of the engineers sent during the last year
to survey the Cumberland river, from the falls on
said nvei down to meet the survey heretofore
made thereon
ORDERS OF  THE DAY.
The House then, on motion of Mr McKIM,
proceeded to the consideration of the orders of the
day
Mr BINNEY, by consent, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill for the
íelief of John F Lewis, which was read twice and
committed
i Mr PHILLIPS, on leave, moved to print two
thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
' mittee on Commeice, in relation to fitting out a
South Sea expedition, which, by the rules, lies on
the table one day
RELATIONS   WITH   FRANCE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States.
To the Hmise of Repi esentalives of the United States*
I transmit to the House of Representatives a
report of the Secretary of State, accompaniedwith
extiacts from certain despatches received fiom the
Minister of the United States at Paris, which are
communicated in compliance with a lesolution of
the House of the 31st ultimo Being of opinion
that the residue of the despatches of that Minister
cannot, at present, be laid before the House, con-
sistently with the public interest, I decline tians-
mittmg them In demg so, however, I deem it
proper to state, that whenever any communica-
tion shall be received exhibiting any change in the
condition of the business referred to in the resolu-
tion, information will be promptly transmitted to
| Congiess                      ANDREW JACKSON.
'     Washington, Febiuaiy 6, 1835
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
To the Piesident of the United States
Departmemt of Statf, )
Washington, Fefiuuiyñ 1835 J*
The S cretaiy of Sute, to whom has been re-
ferred the reso'utiop of the House of Representa-
tives of the 31st ult requesting the President " to
' communicate to that House, if not mcompatib'e
' with the public interest, any coirespondence with
' the Government of Prance, and any despatches
' received from the Minister of the United States
* at Paris, not hitherto communicated to the House
' in relation to the failure of the French Govern-
' ment to carry into effect any stipulation of the
< treaty of the fourth day of July, 1831," has the
honor to íeport to the President that, as far as is
known to the department, no couespondence has
taken place with the Government of France since
that communicated to the House on the 27th De-
cembei Irst The Secietary is not aware that
the despatches received from the Mimstei of the
United States at Puis present any material fact
which does not appeal in the correspondence
already transmitted He nevertheless encloses so
much of those despatches, written subsequently
to the commencement of the present session of the
French Chambeis, as may se,veto show the state
of the business to which they relate since that
time, and also that portion of an early despatch
which contains the substance of the assurances
made to him by his Majesty the King of the
Trench, at a foi mal audience granted to him for
the puipose of presenting his credentials, and he
submits, foi the President'sconsideiation,whether
the residue can,consistently with thepubhc intei
est, be now laid befoie the House
JOHN FORSYTH
Mi   Livingston to the Secietaty of State of the United
States    [Extiacts ]
Paris, O tob-i 4, 1833
Sir   On Monday I presented my lettei ot ere
dence to the King, on which occasion 1 made the
address to him, a copy of which is enclosed
********
His answer was long and earnest 1 cannot
pieterd to give you the word-, of it, -but in sub-
stance, it was a warm expiession of his good
feehns towards the United S Men, for the hospi
tality he had íeceived there, &c * * *
As to the convention, he said, assure your Gov
ernment that unavoidable circumstances alone
prevented its immediate execution, but it will be
faithfully peiformed, assure your Government of
this, he repeated, the necessary laws *ill be passed
at the next meeting ot the Chambeis 1 tell you
this not only as King, but as an individual wnose
promise will be fulfilled
Jul    Livingston to the Secietaty of State
[Cxtracts ]
P\Ris, Mvcmbei 22, 1834
I t'o not hope for any decision on our affans be
fore the middle of January One moiive fui de ay
is, an expectation that the message of the Pi evi-
dent may arrive before the discussion, and that it
may contun someihing to show a stiong national
feeling on the subject This is not mete conjecluie,
I know the fact and I íepeat now, troui a full .
knowledge of the case, what I have more than
once stated in my former despatches as my firm
persuasion that the moderate tone taken by our
Government when the rejection was first known, j
was attnbuted by some to indifference, oi to a
conviction on the part of the President that he
would not be supported in ary strong measure by
the people, and by otheis, to a consciousness that
the Cunvention had given us more than we were
enutled to ask                                                              i
I saw last night an influential membei of the I
Chamber wno told me that * * * *
and that the King had spoken of our affans, and ,
appealed extiemeiy anxious to secure the passage '
oí the law 1 mention this as one of the many y
circumstances which, independent of official as- i!
smances, convince me that the King is sincere, i
and now 1 tiuve no doubt of the sincerity of his ,
Cabinet From all this, you may imagine the
anxiety I shall feel for the ainval of the Piesi-
aent's message On us tone will depend very
much, not only the payment of our claims, but
our national reputation for energy I have no
I doubt it will be such as to attain both of these
important objects
Mr  Livingston to Mi   Fot syth
[Extract ]
Legition of the United States,
Paris, Decembei 6, 1834
The Chambers were convened on the 1st inst ,
under very excitin  circumstances, the ministers,
individually, and the papéis supposed to speak
their lang iaj;e, having previously announced a
design to enter into a full explanation of their
conduct to answer all the intenogations and place
then continuance of office on the question of ap-
proval by the Cnambers of their measuies
This, as you will see by the papéis, they have
finally and explicitly done, and after a waini
de"bate o'f two days, which hasjust clobed, they have
gained a decided victoiy Ihis gives them confi
dence, permanence, and 1 hope influence enough
to carry the treaty Í shall now urge the present
ation of the law at as eaily a day as possible and
although I do not yet feel vc-y ceitam of success,
my hopes ofit are natuially much increased by the
vote of this eveni ig The conversations I have
had with the King and with all the ministers, con
vmceme that now they are perfectly in eai nest, and
unite 1 on the question, and that it will be urged
with zeal and abi uy
Many of the dep mes, too, with whom I have
entered into explanations on the subject, seem row
convinced that the interest as wel' as the nonor of
the nation r quires the fulfillment of then engage
ments This gives me hopes that the endeavors
I shall continue to make,w thout ceasing until the
que Hon is dec J'd, may be successful
The intimation 1 haveconceived myself authoi
ized to make of the serious consequen"esth¡,t msy
be expected tiom another ie]ec ion o£the hw,and
of the firm de ermmation of oui Government to
admit of no íeduction oi change in the treaty, I
think has had an effect On the v/hole, I repeat,
that, without being at all confident, I now enter
tain oetter hopes than 1 have for some'ime past
done
Mr  Livingston to the Secietary of Sta e
[Extracts ]
Paris, Decembei 22, 1834
Sir   Our diplomatic relations with this Gov-
ernment are on the most extraordinary foo mg
With the executive branch, I  have little to dis
cuss, foi  they agiee with me in every rnitenal
point on  the subject of me  treaiy     Willi   me
Legislatuie, where the great difficulty anses,! can
have  no  official   communication      Yet,   deeply
impressed with the impoitance to my fellow citi
zens of secuima; the inde nnity to which taey are
entitled, a id to the couitry ot enforcing the exe
cutu n  of engagements solemnly made to it, as
well  as of pieven ins  a  rupture,  w nch  must |
infallibly follow the final íefusal to  execute the
convention, 1 havefe'titaduty to ube every p'( per
endeavoi to avoid this evil     This has been, and
continues to be, a su iject of much  embanass
ment                                                                             I
******^*#
My last despatch (6 h Decembei) was wmten ,
immediately after   the  vote  of the   Chamber of I
Deputies had, as it was thought, secuied a ma
jonty  to   the  Administration—and  it  naturally
(xcited hopes which that supposition was cal u
lated to inspiie     I soon found, howevei, both
fiom the tone of the Administra! on piess  and
fiom the language of the King and ill the Minis
terswith whom 1 con eiredon thesub|ect,that they
were not willing to put their popularity to the test
on our question      It will not be made one, on the
deteimmation of which the Ministers are willing
to risk their port folios     The very next day after
the debate, the Ministerial Gazette, (Les Debats,)
deelaied that, satisfied with the appiobation the
Chamber had given to their system, it was at per-
fect hbeity to exercise its discretion as to particu-
lar measures which do rot foi m an essential part of
that system, and the communication I subsequently
had with the King and the Ministers, confirmed
me in the opinion that the 'aw for executing our
convention, was to be considered as one of those
free questions 1 combated this opinion, and asked
whether the faithful observance of treaties was
not an essential part of their system, and, if so,
whether it did not come within their rule With-
out answering this aigument, I was told of the
endeavors they were making to secure the passage
of the law, by preparing the statement* mentioned
in my former despatch. This, it is said, is nearly
finished, and from what 1 know of its tenor, it
will produce all the effect that truth and justice
can be expected to have on prejudice and party
spnit
The decision, not to make it a Cabinet question,
will not be wi hout its favorable operation      *    *
*****   some of the leaders of the oppo-
sition, who may not be willing to take the respon-
sibility of a rupture between the two nations by
| breaking the tieaty, when theyare convinced that
I insteid of foicmg the Ministeis to resign, they
will themselves onlv mcui the odium of having
i caused  the national breach     In this view of the
i subject, I shall be much aided, if, by the tenor of
I the Piesident's message, it is seen that we shall
j resent the breach of faith they contemp'ated      It
I i? on all hands conceded that it would be impiu
dent to press the decision before the next month,
when the exposition will be printed and laid be-
foie the Chambers
*          *****
On the whole, I am fai from being sanguine of
success in the endeavors which I shall not ceabe
to make foi the accomplishment of this important
object of my mission, and I expect with some
solicitude the instructions foi my conduct, m the
piobable case of a lejection of the lav/
I huve the honor to be, &n ,
LOW LIVINGSTON
Hon   Johv Forsyth,
& cietaiy of State
Mr ADAMS, of Massachusetts, moved to refer
the messi^e and documents to the Commute on
Foieign Relations, with instructions to report forth-
with on the subject
Mr Mc\l\d said, as the papers accompanying
the message weie of an important character, he
moved that they be read   which was done
Mi CAMBRELENG hoped that the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts, after having heard the cor-
respondence read, would withdiaw that part of his
motion which proposed to instruct the committee
to report forthwith Hetrustedthe House would
allow the committee till the last moment to decide
upon measures reqmiing unanimity, and involving
such impoiiant considerations On such a ques-
tion, he would appeal to no particular poition of
the House foi he felt assured that, whenevei we
wereca led upon to dec de on a i roper measuie of
redress, there could be bit one sentiment where
the national chaiactei and honor were involved
Tie tiustel thit,whene er we should be called
upon to act decisively, whatever might beptoposed
by the cmmittee, w( old receive the unanimous
vote of the House He rose merely for the pur-
pose of solici mg the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts to withdiaw that pait of his motion wh ch
pmposed to instruct the committee to report forth-
with foi, at the piesent moment, it would be
almost impossible to repoit any measure whiih
would meet the approbation of the Committee or
of ihe House
Mi J Q. ADAMS aa'd, in mtroducirg this
resolution, his purpose wat that the Con mittee
on To ei"n Relations should I einslru ted to report
fniiv.uk—he used the *Word foilhvilk in ori'er to
aseertan wl ethei that House thouoht it lncon
sistent with their duty, and the intei ests and honor
of the nation, to leave this great sub,ect any longe-
without action upon it And as the action of the
House must depend upon the report to be made
*\oi" — The [>-ipi>r here n ferrf lito by Mr I vmgton,
I  a millioir 11 In 1 id bclorc the <■ mi i ti >n w>i ch ,i iv
It i; ¡ i t 1 to e\im up the hw nil ided t< contain all
the aigumcnt-i and tacts by winch it is to bt ^iippi rtcd
214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
by that committee, there la no other mode of
aruving at that result than by instructing the com-
mittee to report forthwith
Mr A had no objection to any arrendment
which the honorable cnairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, [Mr Cambreleng,] or
any other member, might propose, who thought
it necebsary to allow that committee further time
to consider the subject, but he deemed it important
that, as we were then within a short month of the
termination of the session, and as from the cor
respondencejust read, as well as from the reports
in general cnculation throughout the country, he
thought it exceedingly doubttul whether anything
more definitive would be received with respect to
the action of the French Government upon that
treaty. The letter from Mr Livingston of the
6th of December, the day after the new French
ministry had obtained what that gentleman called
a victory, speaks in very sanguine terms of the
probability of the Chamber of Deputies passing
the bill of appropriations But what did his sub-
sequent letter, dated fifteen days afterwaids,say'
He tells us that the new ministry were far from
willing to hazard their popularity upon piopoamg
the bill Well, then, Mi Livingston concluded
with saying that he was by no means sanguine,
and other reports, from Pans, and from almost
every other source, concuired in stating thattheie
was no prospect whatever that the French Cham-
ber would make any appropriation to piovide for
the paymen t of this debt That was also the gen
eral tenor of all the puvate communications from
Paris Now,underthesecircumstances,he thought
it time for that House to take up the proposition
of the President of the United States at the com
mencement of the present session, to take it up,
and see whether that House would do what the
Pi esident proposed upon the happening of a con-
hngcncy, which Mi A considered as scarcely
iongej a contingency He considered the subse-
quent despatch of Mr Livingston as equivalent to
ascertaining the fact, that the contingency contem-
plated by the message of the President, would be
turned into a reality, that la to say, ascertaining
that the IVench Chamber of Deputies would do
nothing
Mr A. did not undertake to say that what the
President had recommended at the commencement
of the session would be the wisest and the most
proper course, but he would say this much, that
he believed it the duty of the House to act upon
this subject, and declare whethei they would com-
ply with the proposition of the President, or that
they would do something to sustain the rights,
interests, and honor of the nation, and that the
chanman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
in asking for further time, was not pursuing the
best course Mr A found himself desirous that
the committee should make their íeport He had
not tied down the committee by proposing in-
structions as to what they should repott, he only
asked that they should report A member of the
committee, some days since, did propose specific
instructions, but the House thought proper, by
a very Bmall majority, to reject the pioposition
As the time passed, however, it became more im
penous, moie absolutely necessary for the House
to act upon this important subject For himself,
he desired action, and in the mean time, between
this and the close of the session of Congress, any-
thing more favorable should turn up, action on the
?art of the House could do no wrong Let the
louse say to the nation, and to the world, that
they would sustain the President in the proposi
tion he made Let them say so to the world, and if
their declaration went to Europe, and if it should
be found that the French Chamber of Deputies
had made the appropriation, it could do no harm,
but it would show that that House felt what was
due to the dignity, the honor, and the interests
of the nation Whatevar might be said of the
message of the President, Mr A , for one, would
say, as was once said in the case of General La
Fayette, that whoever censured its imprudence,
must yet admire its spirit It would go foith to
all mankind as the sustainer of the lights, the
honor, and the interests of this country, and he
hoped the House would not suffer itself to appear
in a contrasted character with the President of
the United States, by shrinking from responsibil
lty, in Older not to commit themselves to the
nation At least, let them have the subject in a
shape to act and dehbeiate up>n, so that they
might declare what they would do, a d how they
would feel when the honor and mteiesta of the
nation were involved
Mr ARCHER opposed the motion of Mr
Adams at some length, on toe ground that it was
premature, tnat its adoption would pWee the Gov
ernment in a wrong attitude, and would be tunta
mount to a declaiation of war He also objected
to the punciple of specially instructing a commit
tee on matters of such deep importance, and re
luctant as he would be, he should be conif elled to
vote against the proposition
Mr CLAYTON alluded to what took place on
tjiis subject at the commencement of the session,
and said he considered that at that time there were
two courses for the body to take, one was to act
up to the spirit of the President's message, the
other was for the representative branch of the
nation to show to the Fiench Government we did
not coincide m that recommendation, and by that
means avert, if possible, all the consequences that
might ensue, but at the same time place the Cham
ber of Deputies in the same situation they would
have been placed in if that message had not been
sent to this House In the latter course, one
branch ot the Government had sustained the mo
tion he made on this su ject at the comme icement
of the present session The Senate had unani
mously íesolved that it was inexpedient at the
present time to adopt any legislative measura in
regaid to the state of affans between the United
States and Franc* That resolution had accom-
plished all he wished upon this subject, and if it
failed to answei the puipose, he had nothing else
m view Ifweweienow to discuss this subject
short of that proposition, whether we should in¡>u
tute acts of hostility against Fiance, it might
involve a collision betwien the two bodies The
unanimous vote of the Senate upon the first ques-
tion presented by him answered his purpose bet
ter than a vote against it by that House Now,
then, if all had been done that could be done to
effect what he had in view, the next inquiiy was,
if it failed, should we proceed until we forced con-
viction that it was necessaiy to proceed upon the
alternative laid down by the Pi esident of the
United States ' Was there testimony before us
of a chaiacter to justify our doing it' Should we
act upon the testimony presented to us, and pro
ceed at once to measuies of hostility' or would it
not be betterforthe Committee on Foreign Affairs
not to make a íeport until they could do it upon
information that would satisfy that House' He
put the question, were gentlemen prepaied to pro-
ceed to what would be considered acts of hostility '
for certainly any legislation growing out of the
testimony before them would íesult in that conse-
quence He thought they would not, and they
ought not so to act Taking this view of the sub-
ject, then, that it was proper for the legislative
branch, or rather the popular branch, of the Gov-
ernment to signify to Prince that they did not
agiee with the President in his recommendation,
and believing that the alternative had not arrived,
he should vote against the motion to instruct the
committee forthwith—reluctantly, because it came
from a very high source, but he did not deem
immediate action eithei expedient or called for
Mi McKlNLEY was pleased to see the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] evince so
becoming a sp nt on the occasion, and if he would
delay his motion till a reasonable time was given
to hear further fiom France, he (Mr M ) would
go witn him foi instructions to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, provided they would not make a
proper report without Mr M said that he was
prepared to act decisively on this subject before
the adjournment of Congress The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr Archer] urges forbearance
towards our ancient friend and ally He believes
that the King of the Fiench sincerely desires that
the treaty of the 4 h of July, 1831, should be car
ried into effect, and that we ought not therefore
to can y out the recommendation of the President,
because it may lead to war, we ought not, he
thinks, to involve the country m war for the sum
in controversy
Sn, how long  is this forbearance to be urged
upon us' Theie have been foui sessions of the
French Chambers since the exchange of ratifica-
tions of tht treaty At fie fiit,t, the sutjtct w s
| not noticed at tue second, which last J about four
months, it w«s laid befoie ú s Chamoer of Deju-
tie;> l ineteen d lys only befoie the adjournment,
the bill was refenpd to a committee, and theie
the mattei enced, tne next session continued about
three months, and fi teen day5 bef re the adjourn
ment the rubject w is agan brought to the con«id
eration of the Chamber of Deputies, but not acted
upon, and, finally, at the ses&ion of Apul, 1834,
the question was fu'ly discussed by the Deputies-,
and the bill containing the necessary appropiiation
rejec ed
Suppose it be true that the King ente-tams the
most sincere desire to have the stipulations of the
tieaty pel 'ormed to the very letlei, and that that
oepartment of the Government which holds the
purse strings refuse to furnish the meaiib toenab'e
him to have it done, does that good feeling on
thepirtof the Kiig furnish a sufficient reason
foi continual foibearance on our part' If so, 'he
stipulations need never be performed,and still we
n ust forbear I have no doubt of the smcfity of
the professions of the King, and if the execution
of thetieatydepended upon his will alone, I would
delay its execution foi any reabonable length of
time to meet his convenience But when we know
that a ccoidmate department of the Government,
claiming and exeicising the right to pieventits
execution, has twice neglected to consider the
subject when biought to its rotice, and has once,
upon fu 1 deliberation, refused to appropriate the
necessaiy sum to enable the King to comply with
the solemn stipulations of the treaty, are we still
to forbeai' And upon what reasons' Because
France has been our ancient friend and ally,
because the Chambers are now in session, anil
may possibly reconsider the suuject, retiace their
steps, and at some future, indefinite pe lod con
descend to make the appropiiation ' And because,
too, it is for a paltry sum of money—much lets
than it would cost to coeice payment' At what
time and upon what reasons do gentlemen pio-
pose that forbeaiance shall cease' The propo-
sition is wholly indefinite It is true that the
Fiench Chambers are in session, and have been
since the 1st of December, and it is equally true
that down to the 22 I they had not even noticed
the subject of the treaty They have heretofoie
omitted to act on the subject at their successive
sessions, and at the fourth rejected the bill If
these acts teach us no thing but foibearance, simi'ar
acts can but teach a similai lesson, and time can
bring us no nearer the termination of the contio-
versy
But, sir, if this ancient friendship, which once
so happily subsisted between France and the
United States, ought to induce us to bear and for-
beai , have we not done so' Our j ist claims against
that nation remained unsettled for more than
twenty years, and then we agreed to accept a Itttle
more than half of what we were entitled to, rather
than have a rupture with our ancient friend and
ally After the amount was liquidated and pay
ment stipulated by tieaty, neaily four yeais more
nave rolled round, and the debt has not yet been
paid, nay, payment has been absolutely lefused
Who is in the right, and who in the wrong, in
this controversy' There has been nothing but
forbearance on the part of the United States, and
nothing but aggression on the part of France
Can friendship be pieserved by such humiliating
submission on our part' Not only Fiance, but
all the world, must feel a con empt for us if we
adjourn without acting with proper spirit and
dignity—after such protracted injury and injus
tice
Sir, are we to refrain from taking the most
pacific means that can be adopted, by one nation
towards another, to compel the payment of a just
debt merely because it may lead to war with an
ancient fnend ' Why do gentlemen refuse to look
at the other side of this question ' If the fnend-
ship is to be preserved by kindness, forbearance,
and good offices, is it not necessary that the acts
should be observed by Trance as well as the United
States' If íeprisals might lead to war, might not
the infraction of a tieaty lead to war also ' Will
any one deny that the tieaty of the 4th of July
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
]831, was violated by the refusal of the French
Cna libers to comply with it' and  was not that
violation just cause of war'   Is it upon this argu-
ment further forbearance is demanded—forbear
a ice beyond the prefer t session'
Does it occur to gentlemen here timt it will cost
France just as much to go to war for these five
millior s as it wi 1 cost us' If war shou'd be the
re«ul* of the couise which we may be compelled
to ta^e, is the fault ours' Had Trance complied
with the stipulationsof the treaty, that friendship,
which is so highly and so jus ly appieciated,
might, and would, have been preserved—had she
been as tender of our feelings, a id regardful of
our rights, as we have been of hers, no difficulty
could ever have occurred between us But forge
tin" that sacred friendship—thatanoientall anee—
■which weigns so heavily with us—she h s delayed
to acknowledae a ¡ust debt for more than twenty
yeais, and, after icknowledging and promising,
in the most solemn manne-, to nay it, she has
finally refused, and "till continues to enjoy the
commeicial benefi s of the treaty, winch were
given as pait consideration iot the five millions
she promised to pay
It wou'd, to be sure, be better, in a pecuniary
point of view, that we should pay our cit zens the
five mil ions of dollars thin to hazaid a war with
France, if thct weie the only interest involved
But can  we thus comptomise the honor of the
nu ion '    Is the na iom I honor to be estimated by
dolíais and cents'   To submit to this indignity, |
would be an anand mment of all national chai de-
ter, and invite aggiession and insult fiom every !
other quarter     The idea is not to be tolerated for
a moment     1 am willing to wait as 'ongas we can I
with piopnetj , for further adv ces from Fiance,
but not so long as to prevent decisive aenon on
the ques ion at the present session     We 1 ave
ample to irds to justify the proceeding recom   |
mended by the President   and to just f/ a much
hi   nger prcceedi"g, if ve choose to adopt  t, arid
1, for°ore, tm prepired to act uoon it before we
péparate      It is Hue that those I íepiesent, anil
the South geneially, wo lid be greatly iijiued by ]
a war, if war should be the result, which I   annot
bel eve  will  oe the case     But 1 have no doubt
tiey wjuld  submit to any pe sonal  privation,
lathir thin «ubmit to nptio al d ¡.honor
Mr LYTLF Mi Speakei, since I have had
the honor of a sea' upon this ll>or, i  has nevr
been my good foitune to listen to speeches in this
II >use, or e.sewhere, ci at snytinie.oi upon any
occasnn,m vlncli I felt the same sensations which
liave been produced upon me by the propos.it on
and ap, eal mide by the veneiable membei fiom
Mwsachu^c'ts this morning Sn theie was in it I
to my mind, howevei it may aOV-t the mirds o1
o heis, 1 say t^ie was in ■*, to my m> d, a degree
nf reinal giandeui and sublimity winch, as an
Aiierican citizen, I was most pioud a> d hippy
to see a d heal The e\ repiesentative of the
Fxe utive Department of this Government now
íí Jul", to the extent of his ubi íes, as a lepie
sanative upon this floo- m the councils of bis
nun ry, and sus ai in ¿ with the candoi and unuis
guised ¡a'rinism of an Amer can fieema i the
f.pir t and   pio icsition of his sucees <"i 1 uval, ti e
S|..........   r - _   -
incumbent of the executive cnsir at this time, a
u-on what'    Upon a propjsi mi that the peo|
of   this  country should  vindica e  their na'ional
pnd« and  then  nation I honor     W at was the
charnctei rf the prouo-ition tf the honorable gen
t eman from Massa" inset is,      Does it ar-ioun' to
a deel irati  n  of wir if adop ed  by this  H.use
N i, sir    It merely priposes to call upon the Com
mittee on F neign Affmsto make aiepo.t to vin
di ate this  House from the imputation, which I
moist with  him, will test upo i  it, of | usillam
monsly cringing to the ] ig¿l ng and caprices of a
f ireigii p He itate, who is unwilling to render that
j isti?e, o/ei ai d over again pioposed by himself
ui <l admitted t > be due to this country, and atiei
fiur months of the session, for it is mw the fourth
month since the special call of the Fiench Cham
lerof Deputies was made, with reference to the
adjustment of this veiy claim   heie we are, with
whu intelligence fiom Fiance'    Why, that your
minister was first seduced into the b lief or assuied
into the beli-f, by the (1 wishes of Louis I hilippe
a i J his Cabinet, that they i eally intended to e-itei
heart and soul, into this measure, and instantly
carry the  treaty into effect—that they meant to
pledge the whole weight of the Government, and
to throw themselves into the scale, and make it a
national proposition      This was the purport of
Mr Livingston's fiist despatch   But what wasthe
amountof hissubsequertcorrespondence ' Why,
he grows less and less sangun e up to the da e of
his last communication, and final'y tells us he is
now not at all sanguine'    That the French King
and his Cabinet, instead of making it a ministerial
measure, and throwingthe whole weight and pop-
ularity of the Government into the scale, have
shuffled out of the controversy, and left it as an
open matter, in the decision of which they have
no special interest     Now, let me ai-k the members
of this House what pledge they will wait for after
this shuffling course, before the close nf this sessioi'
Can they, after this, expect to receive intelligence
of a more grateful character'    Or may they not
leasonably calculate upon hearing, by the first ves   |
sel tnat may arnve fiom Europe, that this nation,
which has thus long procrastinated the payment of j
a just claim, has determined  not to pay it at all' |
And having come to that conclusion, and knowing
that wai is inevitable, may we not expect her to |
take the fiist step, and, as a mattei of safety to I
herself, detain ourships now in theMediteiiaiiean, j
ar d bloeksde the ports there '    We'l, whataie we [
s«l;ed  to do by the piooo itinn of the honorable
memberfom Massachusetts   Nothing moiethan i
that, in the event of their  refusing   befoie  the <
adjournment of this House, to ratify tins treaty, I
the House will pledge itself to answer the call of j
the President of the Uní ed States, by giving bin
powpr, or resorting to some othei   means, m the
event of this contingency, to save the nation and
[ roten lis nonoi and the j 1st claims of its citiz ns   ,
fiom the aggiessions of this insolei t and jiggling   |
P nver     S i, when 1 hear the a¡ peal ttom such i
q la tei, echo i g  ba k  the "an  spi it   so highly
and piopeily In ded o-> th- piit o<"tle Fxeculive,
by me grown giey in d nlomacy, and familnr wi h
the tricks of com s   by one who ha? a jjst, a
h gh, ird an  honoiable seise of his own cha-   j
a<-ter an! the charac er of the American people, I
s y, sir, there is no room left foi me to doubt rf
i s p opnety at   his t me     I say, sir, now is tne
time  and ii  I, fir one, weie ceitain  that a mes   |
senger would  ninve  this very  night with intelli
1 gen e that the Fiench Chamber  had   act d upon
this subject, I would still urge the adootion of the .
resolution of the gentleman from M issachusetts   I
It goes the whole to show abioad the sense of the ,
A.menein people in  íefe ence to this miner     It
g íes the whole to show that if it is the intention I
of France to suffer this  Congress to pass over |
btfire >ny intelligence of a satisfactory chínete!
should bo leceived, tha  the R>p-esent<Uiv so! the
Vmetican people aienotslu nbeungat then posts,
but Pie ar>used at the prospect of ir [try or m^u t,
and, b/an ex  lessioi of sime srit of the rh-tr
acter referí td  to by the gentleman from  M is~a
chusetts   that they aie preisied to vi dicate the
en racter and ¡unorof tne cmmtiy, and  let the
wnild  know that tint  Piwer wh eh a tempts to
cavil with, to  sjenil peid  with   to  jiigg e with I
the United States of America htve made a «e mu ,
and, for them, an urfirtunate mista e     That we
are prepaied to go the whole fn the sp nt, if not
the measure, of the pr piMtion i i the executive
nessi e, anc that v.  will sta d  by snd stisui i
the   plesiknt theiem— hi    we   will   mike it t
common  cause     Tut will le done, and 1 ho-ie
now upon   he pi m< s nun of tne gerl'eman fiom
Massa hus.it-,    and   1   trust the   ma tor «ill be
retened by the   ininimous vote of this House
What valid objection cm  >e urged ¡g inst it'    ¡t
does  not  contain   a   proposition   for  immediate
action    it only an icnates that wnich  I believe
will tome   and in  the event of its comug, we
snould then have t*e vmt g  giound, and be able
to show th«t even btt ire it ai uves we were in a
s'ate of pieparation  *o meet it     It is a delicate,
out a well tuned and ]U ic   us priposi ion, and
one that  I  hi 1, as ai   Imencin fieeman anda
Represei tauve of this  InJy, from the bottom of
i my soul, esneuall)   coning fiom  the quartei   it
does     I agv n  leiterite the  hope that the resold
I tion   as w lid ', will be nnai imously adop ed
I     Mr SUIHLRLINDex, ress«d his app.oba
tion of the exalted and patriotic sentiment ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi Adams,] but he confessed, in the present
instance, he could not go with him to the extent
which his remarks seemed to indicate Give me
(said Mr S ) the vantage ground, and all the
advantage which long suffering and forbearanca
can give in such a contest as this But (he asked)
shall we gain this giound bv precipitation' Shall
we not rather injuie a just and honest cause' Let
us hear once moie fiom France, for she is, after
all,our ancient friend and ally He still cherished
the hope, that on the receipt of the President's
message, she would be inclined to render us jus-
tice Ten or fifteen days at the uttermost would
bring us intelligence from that country, and he
fervently hoped with it a message worthy of
Fiance If these sanguine anticipations should
not be realized, lie would then be prepared to go
with the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Advms,] and from Ohio, [Mr Lytle,] to main-
tain the honor and glory of our country, as far as
they could go We " asked nothing but what is
right, and would submit to nothing wrong " He
would give Fiance the opportunity, at least, of
sending us better tidings It would be painful
to wage a war with Fiance, but she, like oth#r
nations, must rendei us justice—strict, equal, and
exact jus ice He would give her a last chance
of settling her affairs with us on amicable terms
fits feelings were such, that he was willing logo
back to ancie it times, and remember with gloiv-
lng giatitude the foimei relations between that
G vernment and our own If we now say we
w II not go to war with her in consequence of our
recollections of these ancient services, will it not
excite a corresponding spirit on her part He
was disposed t> look on that countiy as one
which had rendeied us essential service in the
hour of oui gieatest want of such seivice He
believed tlxat i week befoie the closing of the res-
sion wou'd be time enough for the House to take
any decisive measuies for it was evident we were
pre >aied,at a moment's warning, if Fiance should
refine to grant us jus'ice, to go with the gentleman
from Masbachu.se ts, to go with the President ui
asserting and vindicating our rights
Afer same further remaiks, Mr S al'tided to
lour anlity to maintain a conflict with foreign
Piweis We had passed through one war with
hei who had so long been proudly denominated
1 the mistiess of the o ean, in which our heioes
had won for themselves and their country immor al
renown The stai sand stripes of A menea waved
ovei every sea, a protection to our rights, a teiror
to oui fo°s
Mi S sai I he wruld not send these documents
to the Corimi tee on h ireign Rehtions, with the
j neiemp'oiy instructims suggested by the gentle-
I man fiom Mis achusett , [Mi Ada'1s,1 but, in
the languag  of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Vlr McKiNLrv,] he would wilt a few da>s
lie would secu e to oui countiy in her just and
holy cause ill the nd vintage of long suffenng and
patience No vessel had v it arnvtd from France
wh ch sailed foi this country rllei-the transmis-
sion of the Pie ident's message to Cot giess
Wliat new lig ts had we at the present moment
ti guile us'° Surely none He was for waiting
the effect of that message on the Tiench peojjle
It it is disposed then to íetiace their steps vnd do
us  pistice, it we.s v/ell—if not, it was even
then
quite sot n enou
'h foi
the di«vi alternative
t rise to make i speech,
i       Mr   IIAMTR dd  not rise to  mki--'|«o'i,
because e\ei y gentle «an ipon the floor ui derstood
1 the subject as well as he d d and because he ap
prehemled eveiy gentlenan was prepa>ed to act
wheneverthepiopei ti lie should arrive Although,
as to thst time, a difference of opinion existed,
he dusted that when it should come, he would
be orepaied to sustain the national honor and dig
mty    On that sul ject he had   10 feat', either with
j leirvrd to the members of that House, or with le
gu7 J to the great mass of the people of the counti y
It was a ways a matter of legret to him to dill r
wit i 1 is 1 ono al le friend on the left [Mr Lyti e]
upon any jiestion, but «specially upon those of
t importance but he lose to say that the
-   ■                   on  tne Clerk's tal le lied
grea
leading of the papers
produced" upon 'his oiinil precisely the onpo*H<-
mip c>sion produced upon that of his honorable
216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
friend, and upon the minds of sóms other gentle-
men upon that floor.
It was obvious to Mr. H. that two things should
take place before requiring the Committee on
Foreign Relations to report. The memoir of the
French ministers, spoken of by Mr. Livingston,
should be presented to the French Chamber of
Deputies, whose action thereon should be known
here; and the message of the President should
have been received in France, considered, and the
effect thereof known here, before we proceed to
act definitely upon the subject. Now, it might
happen that both these things may occur in the
course of a few days; and we might reasonably
expect to hear the effect of the message upon the
Deputies and the French people in a short time;
and till We did, he thought it would be unwise to
ask the Committee on Foreign Relations to report
on so grave and important a matter. He therefore
moved to amend the motion of the gentleman'from
Massachusetts by striking out that part of it re-
quiring the committee to report/orí/tuñí/t.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said he
had looked into this difficulty between France and
the United States with intense interest—and he
would add with great anxiety and anguish of
mind. That feeling had not, in the least, been
softened, or mitigated by the message and docu-
ments now presented to us. He said he had read
the correspondence between our minister and Gov-
ernment, and the King's ministers here and in
Europe—and the subject seemed to be perfectly
understood by the Government of France. It was
clear the King and his ministers had in vain ex-
erted their influence upon the popular branch of
the French Government, to carry the treaty into
effect, by making the appropriation which it stip-
ulated to pay our citizens'five millions of dollars,
for burning their ships and cargoes on the high
seas, and for plundering and confiscating their
property, without the authority of the law of na-
tions. He said he found the difficulty to exist in
the Chamber of Deputies. He had supposed that
the Chambers must have been under some strange
delusion as to the principles and facts in the nego-
tiation—for they could not seek to violate an obli-
gation so sacred—so imperative upon nations to
perform—particularly the gallant and intelligent
people of France towards the United States, their
ancient friend and ally. But what was his sur-
prise—his astonishment, on reading the debates
of the Deputies, to discover on their part a perfect
knowledge of the whole transaction—of nil the
facts in the case—and yet these Deputies—these
representatives of the people of France, refused
to pay the money due to our citizens—accruing
from the invasion of our rights—the plunder of
our commerce under the unholy sanction of their
illegal decrees!
Mr. J. would gladly avoid this question if he
could do so with due regard to the rights and
character of his country. We might attempt to
avoid this question—our feelings may prompt us
to do so, because its tendency is to involve such
important—such vital consequences; but we should
remember that the price of liberty was blood! It
was impossible to maintain our freedom, our
character, our independence, and at the same time
submit to violation of faith, so pointed, so gtoss,
and so flagrant, if persisted in. It was the people
of France, or rather the Chamber of Deputies,
representing that people, who had, with their eyes
open, refused to do us justice ; and not the King
and his ministers.
Mr. J. said it was doubtful whether those who
held back and refused to take strong measures, in
cases of insult and injury did not do more to
plunge nations into war, than those who acted
promptly to resent and redress violations of faith,
by acting upon the principle of the President, to
demand nothing but what was just, and to submit
to nothing evidently wrong. Mr. J. expressed
his utter astonishment at the conduct of France.
Here, he said, seemed not only to be wrong and
injustice, but wilful and premeditated wrong—and
the question was, could we tamely submit to it?
For one, he could, he would not. He would sus-
tain the President in his course. He was not for
precipitation—he was willing to wait for the final
action of the Chamber of Deputies; but he now
believed-forbearance had ceased to be a virtue.  It
would amount to nothing, unless it was known
and believed that this nation could not and would
not submit to such injustice. And when it was
thus believed that war was inevitable, then, as
our cause was so obviously just—as the United
States were so palpably in the right—it was pos-
sible, perhaps probable, that France might retrace
her steps, for the sake of her own honor, and
execute the treaty, by paying the indemnity stip-
ulated for the wrongs she had inflicted on our
commerce. At all events, this was our only hope.
We had made a full experiment of forbearance.
It had failed. We must resort to another alterna-
tive.
But, Mr. J. believed the people of the United
States were only divided as to the time for resent-
ing and redressing this violation of national faith
on the part of France; he, for one, would still
yield to that nation a further time, so that no
voice could be raised against the course which our
country would ultimately be compelled to pursue.
The temper of the House manifested great una-
nimity in relation to the main point—the justice
of our complaint, and the utter impossibility of
submitting to it. Mr. J. said he hoped, there-
fore, it would be distinctly understood, that he
feared not the consequences of expressing himself
strongly on this subject; and whenever the occa-
sion should arrive, he should vote for strong
measures, corresponding with his expressions.
War (said Mr. J.) is a great calamity—there is
none greater, except that of tamely submitting to
insult and injury. And here was an instance of
wrong so flagrant, and a violation of national faith
so palpable, that it had few, if any, parallels in
the annals of nations; and in this sentiment he
believed he should have the concurrent testimony
of the civilized world. France knew as v^ell as
ourselves, that we could not submit to it without
degradation and disgrace. With regard to the
immediate question before the House, he thought
the message and accompanying documents should
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
without instructions.
In conclusion, Mr. J. said he should dp injus-
tice to his own feelings if he took his seat without
admitting that his heart palpitated with joy on
hearing the patriotic sentiments of the honorable
member from Massachusetts,- [Mr. Adams.]
Those sentiments were truly American; and, like
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lttle,] he hon-
ored them for the source from which they came.
Mr. STEWART rose, he said, mainly to sug-
gest an amendment to the proposition, which he
trusted would be calculated to produce a greater
degree of unanimity in the vote to be given upon
that interestingand important occasion.    It would
doubtless be conceded by all, that unanimity was
of the very utmost consequence abroad, and they
should present to France and to the world a united
front, since divided councils could lead to no pro-
fitable result.   He had no serious objections to
the proposition of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Auams,] in whose patriotic
sentiments Mr. S. would take that opportunity of
expressing his entire concurrence, except to that
part of it which required the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to report forthwith.    In his opinion,
this would be premature.    In a few days hence
another packet might arrive, bringing important
advices from France, and which might put a new
aspect upon the affair.    He would therefore re-
spectfully suggest to the distinguished mover of
the proposition, the propriety of modifying it, so
as to strike out the word/jrt/iuiii/i, and allow it to
read, that the committee be required to report on
or befoie the 15th or 20th of the present month.
This would also, he thought, meet the object of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hahsr,] and, as l|
it seemed to Mr. S., would obviate his objections Jj
to the motion of the gentleman from Massachu- |l
setts.    If this amendment were adopted, it would ¡!
also, he believed, be calculated*o produce a greater !j
degree of unanimity in the vote that would be given j I
Upon the subject, and he regarded unanimity as \\
of the utmost importance, and should be glad to i I
see that House act with the same unanimity as
did the other branch of the national Legislature.
If his suggestion were not acceded to he would
move it as an amendment.
The CHAIR said there was a motion to amend
already before the House, which must be first
disposed of.
Mr. HAMER remarked, that he could not
agree to the suggestion, because it did not embrace
what he objected to in the motion. He had moved
to strike out all that part instructing the commit-
tee.
Mr. EVANS saidhehardly knew in what posi-
tion he should now consider the motion of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams ] It was originally to give instructions to
the Committee on Foreign Relations to report
upon thesubject forthwith. If this was its present
shape, he would support it; and as that gentle-
man had given to the House the reasons which in-
duced his motion, he should also give those which
would influence him in voting for it. If he had
understood the views of that gentleman, as ex-
pressed, Mr. E. said his own object would be to
procure a report widely different from that which
he seemed to anticipate—one of an entirely op-
posite character.
Mr. ADAMS explained. He had proposed
that the committee be instructed to report forth-
with, because he thought it a duty they owed to
the House and to the world to give that House an
opportunity of acting in the matter. He had not
declared what position he should take in that
action, but he deemed it all important that the
subject should be deliberated on by the represent-
atives of the people. It was with this particular
view that he had submitted his motion, that time
might be had for the discussion, before the ad-
journment; and he believed from present indica-
tions, that all the time of the present session would
be required for a deliberate comparison of the
views of different members. Mr. A. said, from
the motion he had made and the position he had
taken, it did not follow that he deemed a war
necessary—nor did it follow that reprisals should
be made—or that any other particular course
should be pursued or recommended by the House.
It would be competent for the House to pursue
the same course that the other legislative branch
of the Government had done. That branch had
come to its conclusion—and what was that con-
clusion ? It was to dodge the question. This
Hou3e could, if it chose, also dodge the question.
The CblAIR interposed. It was not in order
to allude to the proceedings of the other branch of
the Legislatuie.
Mr. ADAMS said he merely wished to be un-
derstood as" to the motives which prompted him
to make his motion. He wished that House to
have ample time to deliberate on the momentous
question involved in the communications before
them.
Mr. EVANS continued. Hedid not know that
he had materially misunderstood the gentleman
from Massachusetts. It was true he had not dis-
tinctly avowed the opinion he entertained as to the
course which should ultimately be pursued; but
Mr. E. said he did infer from the sphit of his re-
marks, that he was for sustaining the recommend-
ations of the Executive in their fullest extent. It
vías certain that others had drawn the same infer-
ences, else whence the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Archek,] and why the loud
encomiums of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lv-
tle] for his generous and disinterested support of
" the'views and measures of a successful rival r"
Mr. E. said he, like others, only drew his infer-
ences from the general spirit of the gentleman's
remarks. He did not see that it would be " dodg-
ing the question" if the House should declare
that there was at present no occasion for legis-
lative interference in this matter. The character
of our country was essentially pacific. It was our
policy to exhaust all language—all forms of nego-
tiation, before we at pealed to the last dread resort
of war.
The gentleman had spoken of what had been
termed the imprudence of the message of the
President. There were many who viewed it in
that light. Mr. E. contended that the House
should have more information before it acted,
especially when it was known that such informa-
tion existed; for that fact was avowed in the mes-
sage now before the House. Would the gentle-
man contend that either House of Congress should
say, although  the annual message might be im-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRIlVr^D   AND   PUBLISHJED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES~
23d Congress, ^o Sessiok
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1835
Vol 2.....No 14.
prudent in some of the sentiments it advanced,
yet that, being advanced, we were bound to sup-
port them'
Mr. ADAMS said, "No."
Mr. EVANS sijid he begged the gentleman's
pardon He knew he did not use that language
But such was the general inference It was hardly
necessary for us at once to say that all hopes of
a pacific course were at an end He wished, in
common with others, to hear from France—to
learn the effect which the message had upon her
people and their representatives. He wished to
hope for the best, until all plausibility of hope
was gone. He had but a single word to add. He
could not consent to sanction any incipient meas-
ure of hostility on the part of this Government,
until the whole facta and correspondence was laid
before them. It was a point in our political rela-
tions where we must use great consideration and
forbearance The term " jugglmg"had been used
in relation to he Fiench Ministry He had
thought the good faith of the King of the French
had never been doubted, and he could not sanc-
tion any measure of incipient act of hostility, until
every pacific measure in our power had been tried.
It was with these views, and a desire to receive
a corresponding report from the Committee of
Foreign Relations, that he should vote in favor
of the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts
Mr CAMBRELENG said that the gentleman
from Maine seemed to be apprehensive that the
President's message would produce injurious
effects upan our lelations with France, and yet
the gen letnan's argument had convinced him that
if the appropria ion was not niai'e by the Fiench
Chamber, ueoald not be ascribed to the tone of the
Piesident's message. The gentleman despaired—
he had lost all h pe—'he correspondence winch
he had just heard read, had, for the first time,
induced him to believe that serious consequences
might result, and yet, when this mteltigence.vvhich
had extmgu shed hope, ¡eft France, the message
had not arrived. He did not rise, however, to
excite debate, or to produce division, but to con-
gratulate the country that but one sentiment was
heard from ail sides of the House—'hat however
gentlemen night differ as to the time foi action,
wnenever the ime aruved they would presentan
undivided front He responded entire1 y to the
patrioti" sent i íents «o admirably expressed by
the gen lemanfiom Massachusetts, [Mr Ad\ms ]
He thought wuh him that a more prompt and
decid-d course would have been prefeiable. Had
the two House , at the commeiicmentof the ses-
sion a<"<umed a bolder attitude, he thought it would
have been more consistent wi'h national patriot-
ism, national honor, and sound national policy
Uiifoiitii a ely, anothet course was puisued, and
a measure adopted which he found would not pro-
duce the result antiup ited A mOie decided policy
would have shown to Prance and to the world,
that we wtie le-vdved to assert our rights, and
that after five end twenty years of wrong and in-
sult, we could no longei consider forbearance a
national virtue But while heioncurred with the
gende nan fioni Massachusetts, in desiring to vin-
dicate our (huacter and our ligh's, and while he
wo 'J have gone witn him at an earlier, oi at any
perol of the session, t< r lie measure íecori-
menJed by the Pi evident, or for any other tnat
the gentleman himself might have proposed wh'ch
would have nccomp'ished the object, hediffeied
with him us to the J ,o rriety of precipitating our
action at the ex->ei s? of oui unanimity It is
necessary to seruie unanimity not onlv lieie, but
in the other brand  of the Lczitlntuie, and that
cannot be e\pe. led w bile the attitude o! the ques-
tion i «mains imil.anged It is for tint itasnn,
and that alone, that hedesned th it the House
might not now be called upon to act definitively
upon tne question He felt as sensitive as the
gentleman iron* Massachusetts, at eteiy hours ,
14
delay; he felt that they were every moment ap-
proaching the period m the history of these rela-
tions with France, when forbearance would become
pusillanimity. But to give effect to measures,
whatever they might be, union was necessary,
and however prepared the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and himself mignt be for definitive or
preparatory action, others in this House, inde-
pendent of the other body, would prefer postpon-
ing the decision of the question to a later period
of the session. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr, Stewart] had suggested postponement
to tre 20th, or some such date, but though he
should not object to that, he should prefer that the
House would leave the question of time to the
discretion of the committee. He trusted we should
not be precipitated into any half-way measures,
and that whatever might be proposed would meet
the approbation of the House. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts would not modify or with-
draw his proposition to instruct, he hoped that
part of the motion would not prevail.
Mr PATTON (his remarks were frequently
inaudible at the reporters desk) was under-
stood to say he had not, in the slightest degree,,
changed his opinion with regard to the propriety
of a prompt and immediate report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, upon the matter under
consideration; but entertained the opinion, with
unabated conviction, that it was their duty to the
House, to the country, and eminently so to the
President of the United States, whose opinions
and recommendations upon this great subject had
been comm'tted to them for dehoera ion, that the
committee, which constituted a merely incipient
organ of the House for digesting materials for its
action, should not delay one moment, efter their
ov n opinion and judgment had been formed upon
the materials committed to them, m reporting their
lesolutions and deliberations for the concurrence
or for the disapprobation of the House. Enter-
taining that view, and entertaining, moreover, the
belief, a belief deeply impressed upon his mind by
the information communicated that morning, the
material parts of which weie before within the
knowledge of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
that it was utterly hopeless to expect any decisive
information from Fiance, as to the action which
would take place m the French Chamber of Dep-
uties upon the bill malting appropriations for car-
rying the treaty into effect, until arter, or until
very near the close of, the present session of Con-
gress, he did then conceive, and he now conceived,
that this subject ought to have been before the
House for its deliberation upon the principles
involved in the President's message, as well as
upon the expediency and propue'y of the partic-
ular measure of redress he proposed, and the expe-
diency oi prop'iety, at that time, of resorting to
any measure of rediess whatever. However his
own opinions might diffet from those of any other,
oi all the members of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, upon that subject, it was, he humbly
conceived, a matter tha' be'onged net to the com-
mittee to decide, or to conclude It was not, he
conceived, for tnem to forestall, but it belonged
pecunaily to that House, unaffected and uninflu-
enced by the action of any other branch of the
Legislature of the Government. It belongeJ to
ti epopulai body,totheimme ii<iterepi«sen'ati\es
of the people of Uns country It belonged to them
in a peculiar manner— thtt as socn as they had
piatutely delibeiaied upon the mnternls prese, ted
fo. their judgment, that they shoul' say i0 Frii.ee
and to the country what the r opinions, what then
feehi g&. what their couise, weie to be upon ti is
r-iauei As it was then piesenteu, 1 ow t'ld the
ficts stand  M Livingston  despatch of tie
"■21 of November showed that, aieoidmg 'o the
information obtained by lnu m Pars, the bill
which the Fiench King (Mr P hfd no sort o'"
doubt with the utmost emcer-ty, for he d.J not
take the King's declaration in the literal se ise of
the terms m which it was couched,) had declared
his determination to present to the Chamber of
Deputies, as soon as it could be reasonably and
judiciously presented, would not be presented to
the Chamber for its consideration until the middle
of January All the information we have subse-
quently received, either from Mr. Livingston or
from any private sources, went to satisfy us that
this impression was correct,and that in all human
probability, instead of being presented earlier, it
would rot be until a later period
Thiswas a question (said Mr P.) which,know-
ing as we did the feelings and opinions, and the
conflict of opinion existing in France, and in the
Chamber of Deputies, on this subject, would not
be, could not be promptly and immediately dis-
posed of.  And every one knew that if the subject
was not presented to the Chamber before the mid-
dle of January, it could not possibly receive the
definite action of that body early enough for us to
obtain any mfoimation of their definite aclron
until the close, or near the close, of the present
session of Congress.   Mr. P. could not, there-
foie, perceive the propriety for further delay, nor
did  he the other day, when he offered to that
J! House, and asked permission to present for its
,  adoption certain resolutions containing the pnnci-
I  pies and opinions upon which he was prepared to
r show to the House that it was time the subject
should come under its deliberation    More than
two thuds of the session had elapsed, and only
'  three weeks of it remaining, and there was just
tune enough that this subject, which was calcu-
lated to pioduce much conflict of opinion, and a
great variety of propositions, as to what ought to
be the co'irse adopten, should be brought before
this body, whose deliberations we all knew, could
rot be promptly brought to a conclusion,  they
should have it in their power fully to deliberate
I  upon thepnriciplesitinvolied.and assoonasthey
had come to an opinion, to express it m the form
of resolutions or m the form of action    If there
, were any who upon deliberation should be of
opinion that at that time it was prudent, proper,
¡' and necessary to have action, it might be taken.
I     It was due (said Mr P ) to himself, and he felt
1 it certainly due to the honorable and distinguished
gentleman  fiom  Massachusetts, that he should
i   say that he felt much satisfact'on at the spirit of
hisremsiks     He understood those remaiks pre-
I ciselvas that gentleman has since explained them,
viz  Foi not committing himself to the propriety
I  of any particular measure at that time, but it was
j  his opinion that this House owed it not only to
,  the executive heed of the country, whose consti-
tu'ional duty had made it necessary to present
this subject and his opinions to their consider-
ation, but also to the anxious feeling of the coun-
tiy,and to the great interests involved  in this
hgi>, unportent, „nd cr.Ucal question, that they
'   shou'd say whether they concurred in the views
of the President, that this treaty was a velid and
binding treaty,  whether they concuired  in  the
, opinion  expressed  by the President, that this
country would not, and could rot, acquiesce in
I  the final lefusal of France to perform the engage-
ments entered into by her; or whether we should,
m a manner peifectly iespectful to France, and
with a prop"!  spiutot forbearance towards her,
wait the fuither action of tie French Chamber
before Ae c une to any final and deflute conclu-
sion on tins subject.
Ti'seweie the views (Mr P said) ihatprompted
1 im thiougn ut ihe «..íole aiiair He still entei-
t-i.neJ a most thoi i -"h nd updoubtmg convic-
tion in the cur ec'ness of the^e opinions, but he
was bound to te.aid, also, the decision of the
House on a pio si'iot. submit ed ti them by 1 irn-
seh It my have bee i influenced by othei con-
sdeiat.ina than his own, but he was bound to
redare that vote as it stood, as the opm «n of the
majority ci the House, that mej would not now
compel the committee to report as they would
218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febraarj 7,
aot then, for he did not suppose anything had
occurred since to change <\ en judgment,and how-
ever contrary it might be to his own convictions
of what ought to be done, he yielded as it became
him to do, wi'h proper deference, to what seemed
to be the judgment of this llouie Many gentle-
men still thought that further delay ought to be
allowed, and havirg every disposition to do all in
his power to produce the most happy result, and
being, with the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr
Cambrelevg,] desnous to elicit a unanimous
vote on this subject, he would, before he sat down,
mou that the íesolution beso referred to the com-
mittee that they should íeport on 01 before Mon-
day week next This proposition, he thought,
would answer the views of all of those who
thought furthei delay necessary, and he did not
think the House should postpone it beyond that
time, and it not pi esented to the House by that
day, there would not be time to deliberate, but
that day would still leave time for a patient, tem
perate, and judicious judgment upon it Whether
it should be necessary foi tne committee to recom
mend any legislative action or not, or what should
be the particulai tone of the report or the íesolu-
tions, depended on thecommutee, for the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from«Massachuseits left the
subject perfectly open to the cofnmittee Having
indicated his own opinions, Mi P had not the
«lightest disposition tc interfeie in any way what-
ever with the judgment of the committee Ail he
asked was that they should lepoi t, and he thought
the diy he had mentioned was the latest period
they should be u'lowcd Mi P concluded by
moving to modily the mo on of Mr AniMs.soas
to make it read lha  the committee should íeport
on Monday week
Mi .TOHNQ, ADAMSaccepted the modifica-
tion
Mr ED WAR.D EVCP.C FT observed that th s
did not appear to him to be a question of so much
impoitance as seemed to have been given it in
the present discussion Whether the committee
should be instructed to report on Monday week or
Monday fortnight, or forthwith, could not, he con-
ceived, be a matter of great moment There are
but a little more than thiee weeks remaining of the
Bession. What has fallen from the chai man of
the committee wnl, of course, be íegaided by the
House as an assurance that the committee will
report befoie the close of the session Such is my
own understn.idmg (,aid Mi C ) of the purpose
of the committee i hat iepoit cannot well be
delayed many days beyond the time now fixed in
the lesomtion as modified, and wheihet the iepoit
camea fewdays earici 01 later, cannot be, 1 should
think, of gieat consequence While, therefoie, 1
am willing to concur in the pas age of the íesolu |
tion of my distinguished colleague, 1 should also I
have voted foi it as first moved by mm I should
have been willing that the oumittee should be
mstiucted to report fnlhuttk 1 have been in
favor of the committee.'  reporting fntvuth, fiom
the beginning of the session I thought it very
impoitant—highly desuable—to d > so So much
time has since elapsed, and thed (Terence between
repoitirg forthwith and reporting at as late per od
as it can well be dore, is so inconsiderable, that I
attach less consequence to it than I did At the
commencement of the sessio", I thought an imme-
diate renor' from the commmee would have done
great good 1 diffei, on this pom , from the ger-
tleman fiom 3New York, [Mr Ca ibrdli nc,] at
the head of the Committee on foreign All ma I
think it would have been much better if we had
repoited long ago, if xa iiud tak-n a ground like
that assumed unai imously by the Senate of the
United States, and which 1 understand the gentle-
man from New Yoik to censure------
Mr CAMBRILrNG explained He said it
would !ia\e been propei to have had prompt and
bold action at the com->i°ncement of the session
Mi EVEItC ÍT continued i was for acting as
promptly i "id boluly as the gentleman It was
precisely a [ rompt and bold course which I de-
sired 1 was not for war, mrf< i repnsals,m the
state of affurs then existing, and we are now told
that neither of these measuies was contemplated
by any member of the House What, then, could
we have done promptly at d boldly' We could i
have ¿one thib    W  could have taken  up  the I
subject as one of imminent impoitance, admitting
no delay in the consideration of the House We
could have shown the justice of the American
side of the question in the strongest terms We
could have utteied the feelings and views of this
House in the strongest and most emphatic lan-
guage. Having shown the justice of ou claims,
we could have expressed our resolute determina-
tion to stand upon our rights under the treaty,
our firm purpose not to relax one tittle, nor recede
one inch,and we could have adduced the reasons
—and such reasons there were—which might be
urged in supportof the opimonthat France would
yet do us justice I Woul 1 have had a íeport of
this character, bold, firm, and pacific, and would
have hoped for it the unanimous concurrence of
the House And heie, sir, 1 should have been
inclined to stop I would have had the rights of
the country maintained, and our purpose never to
recede from them asserted But what Congress
would do in the contingency—somewhat distant
of necessity—never pel heps to arrive—1 think I
should not then hive said I would reseive my
action on the contingency till it ceased to be one,
and when that should be the case, then I would
act promptly and Vigorously, under the state of
circumstances which should piesent itself But
1 should have been indisposed to anticipate that
event, and would not, the efoie, undertake to say
what measures 1 would adopt, should it happen
But I would have asserted our lights so broadly
and distinctly, as to leave me at full liberty to
adopt any meaiune of redtess, which circumstan-
ces, unfoilunately, might lender necessary The
same couise 1 would pursue now, though from
the lapse of time, 1 do not think all the good would
lesult (ram it which ought have been hoped from
the earl er action of the committee 1 agree with
the chanman of the committee as to the character
whichthe íeport mubttuke He says the commit-
tee are not piepa ed to recommend any measure
1 so undeistand it Ii the present state of our
information, nothing of the kind alluded to, under
the name of a > letmn-e, can be recommended And
for this reason 1 would still refiain fiom recom
mending any tmng hypothetically to bedoneupon
the happening of a contingency, because the vane-
ties of circumstances, the shades of human action,
public ao well as ptivate,are infinitely too numer-
ous to be foreseen
I own, sir, my anticipations are not so cheerful
as they weie 1 entei tamed a strong hope, at the
commencement of the session, of the speedy ad-
justment of this painful controversy In the in-
terval little, I muuown, hasoccuned tostrergthen,
and more than I could wish, to discourage that
hope, 1 begin to contemplate, as a possible event,
that things will go to extremes But 1 am not
ieady,and I think tne Hou3e, though it may share
this apprehension, cannot be íeady to act on this
anticipation Evenif the*FienchChambei should
refuse again to mike an appropriation to execute
the treaty, we cannot be suie that it may not be
in form and with qualifications that will justify us
in furthei delay We cannot know this, as we
cannot know that the very reverse may not, by
some deplorable fatality, happen If, foi instance,
the suggest on of the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr
Lytle] should he realized—if the French Gov-
ernment should accompany the refusal by acts of
affront and violence-—by a hostile attempt on the
squadron of the United Stiles in the Mediteira-
nean, an attempt wnich, every one knows, would
beiesisted to the last drop of blood of officers and
men—then, su, there would Le no delay, there
would be no need of instructing the committee to
iepoit for hwitl , theie would be no longdebates
in this House or the oth-r House, but the two
Houses, and the country, using as one man, would
take the i posui n and sustain it But 1 would
not anticipate any such event as this I wou'd
not take any step whatever on the presumption
that Fiance, to che long; denial of jus'ice—to the
signal injustice—of which she has given us cause
already to comphiB, ecu'd add a procedure of
such outrageous madness 1 will not say such a
thing is beyond the -ange of possioility, nothing
is impossible, but no gentleman, 1 think, on re-
flectior, can considei it in any degree probable
I have said a'ready, sir,that my anticipations of
the satisfactory adjustment of the business are less
sanguine than they were There aie, however,
some reasons for hope that the Trench Chambers
wi 1 teach the appropriation this winter One of
the chief reasons is, that the Chamber of Depu-
ties, of last year contained some members, by no
means entitled to the compliment paid to them by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Johnson,]
of having understood the question thoroughly,
and rot having rejected the appiopnation through
ignorance On the contrary, sir, there was ex
hibited, in my opinion, an entire ignorance of
some of the most important facts of the case, and
in reference to the most impoyant of them all, a
g-oss, not to say a discreditable ignorance, which
1 believe proved fatal to the passage of the appro-
pnation bill,and which, snould the two countries
most unhappily be brought into collision, will
throw a tiemendous responsibility on those mem-
bers You aie aware, sir, that on all sides it was
admitted that something was due to the citizens
of the United States, and that it was merely on
a question of how much, that the great issue of
annulling or executing a tieaty was made to
depend In this stateof the controveisy,and just
as the question was about to be taken, members
arose in the French Chambers, and stated, that
of the five millions of indemnity, provided by the
treaty under discussion, two ni'hons, covering the
St Sebastian's case, had already been paid under
the Flonda tieaty between the United States and
Spam1 The assertion was immediately contra-
dic'ed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, whose
exposition of the whole question was one of the
most rmsteily parliamentary effoits I have ever
seen His contradiction was direct and positive,
as to its purport, but if one mav judge from the
report of the debates, (very likely imperfect,) it
was less decided and authoritative in manner than
could have been desired At all events, I have
been told by an intelligent Amencan gentleman,
who was piesent on the ocasión, that thee state-
ments weie evidently fatal to the bill The ques-
tion was taken immediately after It was lost by
only eight votes We know, sir, that deliberative
bodies may be taken by surprise, by plausible
statements Were we ourselves about to appro-
priate five millions of dollars in payment of an
acknowledged debt, and should member after
member rise, with a treaty m their hands, main-
taining that two of the five millions had been
already paid, and íeid us passages of the docu-
ment to prove it, and if anything short of the
most positive contradiction, accompanied with
the most satisfactory explanation, weie given, it
would very likely prove fatal to the bill, certainly
so, if the House were almost equally divided
before For these reasons, as 1 said, I rely
somethirg on the fact that the bill was i ejected
last winter, not in a full understanding of the
facts, as the gentleman from Kentucky seemed
to think, but in an en'ue ignorance of the most
important of them all And when the memo ,
which has been mentioned in Mi Livingston's
despatches to day, shall have proved to the
French Chambei (as I presume it will do, fiom
thechaiactri of some of the documents, which,
dunng the recess of Congress, have been furnished
to the Fiench Government, at its request, by
ouis) that the statements I have, alluded to were
utteily destitute of foundation, that the St Sebas-
tian's cases were all i ejected by the commissioners
under the Flonda treaty, as not included" in its
provisions, and that they have been all admitted
by the commissioners now sitting under the
presert *reaty, as notoriously provided for by that
treaty, I trust it will not be without its effect
But I do not build with entire confidence on this,
or any otl er giound of encouragement 1 see
something ominous in the character and composi-
tion of the opposition to the King and his Ministry
] on th s question What did the King tell Mr
Livingston>   That he might rely upon his honor
I as a King, and his promise as a man, that the
treaty should be executed For myself, I place
the most unqualified dependence on this assurance.
I believe that, as far as his influence extends, it
will be strenuously exeited, that his constitutional
powers will be strained to the utmost to procure
tne execution of the treaty But what, sir, is the
melancholy truth as to ll e condition of the King's
Government?    I  would not in  wantonness, say
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
nnyihiti^ disparagingly of the internal condition
of «ííaiin in a ctmntiy between which and our
own the re.tit'oiu of amity still subsist; but when
our own rights mid claim., are made the bport of
the sta'e oí parties m a foreign country, it is a
fur subject of comment. The King will do his
utmost [" effect the fulfillment of the tieaty; and
nut merely becat.se it i-s a just treaty, but because
(as he told Mr Livingston; his faith as a sovereign
ui d hi-, lior ur ui a rni'i are plcdgi-d Cut what
is the position of the King 1 imsell' Does notall
t'ie v/oild know that he does not fill the throne on
the principles of what u called legitimacy ' That
t'ieieare tvo poweiful parties in Fiance, agreeing
i i nothing eise, but united in opposrion to the
pie-er testibiishrnentcf the Government—I mean,
ofcouise, the | urty of the late dispossessed family
on one f-ide, and me extreme hberal on the other.
It is. as far as we can jjdge at this distance, mainly
a combina'.on of theae t vo parties, taking along
■with it, of course, the natural opposition to ail
heavy money bills, which has hitherto defeated
trie execution of the trea'y
Willi these two parties, instead of our gaining
strength fioni the circumstance that the King's
regal word and personal honor are pledged to fulfil
the treaty, it is piecisely fur this reason that they
oppose ii And they oppose it, not with a zeal
measuied by t íe s'rnp'e merits and conseq íence
of ihe treaty, but with an intensity of purpose
and depth oí feeing inspired by their hostility to
the Government iiee.r'g the opposition to the
trea'y thus condec ed by parieo, who would move
hea/en and earth to '-¡tuke the King fioni hi^
tluone, 1 own, si", 1 look to see this question
¡mi e 1 in with the vtrv eitmenu i *" the permanence
of the present order u! things iu France Could it
be reduced Mainly piiJ soiely to this issue, all
roigiit ce wc!i, bet w *tli tins powerful, deep sealed,
far-reach t g opposmoi1, we must fe-ti, as 1 have
siid, thit v. lilt !>ji'} b¿cu h J the na'urí.loppo*i'íon
to a!l «a h T€ v<uie-, w il< uní e l'stlf. The Ku g
v ! do everything 'o cany the trea'y into ef.cct
i am rin , >f i' were i ece'sir* , he wou'd *li-d h's
blood fo ¡u'fil it J should heat, wk'> e'een ¡e'ret,
a single word that would casta shade of dcubt on
liio sincerity B"' whether hewil even be ab-Ie
to sustain himself who shall vouch'1 I trust 1 e
will 1 believe it highly desirable for the peace
uf Fiance and the harmony of Europe that he
Bho'ud ( have little doubt, shou'd his Goverr,-
m?it be overturned, it would be followed by dis-
tas rous consequences, not unworthy ihe high
bre..ch uf faith toward the United States, with
which the war against it seemed to have com-
menced
S r, I reciprocate the sentiment of the chairman
of the committee; I hope the House will act u i:h
unanimity on this sulject I trust we shall not
t.llow ru-selves to split on any subordina e ques-
tions That of the present re'ei erice su>-e!v ought
lot to d'vide us On a q ics'ion of suehgieat
mtümuide—if things are n gi ¡o extremes—it
cannot be evper'ed not eskej tha!, on every pouu
mvo'veJ, all shou'd think alike Independent
men, on such points, must difier Those who
think for themselves, that is, who think at all,
must dillei to some extent on such salmees Dot
if ihe vtorst come to ihe wor«l—if Fiance sha'l
make up her mind to witliho'd justice from us de
Iibei ,te!y ai d cone! isively,and in such a manner
thit line po'icy and honoi will no ^"ger adimt of
delay ami iorbefunre, then, su, I bel,eve, what-
ever d.ilcrence of opinion tbeie may be as to any
point of seeor d iry > onsequence, that Congress and
the coun'iy will ivove unanimously in the direc-
tion whici us nghli. and lionoi shall pon t out.
Hut 1 tliin'f we ehouhl do noih.ng by way of
anticipating thaloontingertcy It may neverarnve.
Kvery run, I will pott, ly of common humanity,
l« it ol common sense, in the U'lited Stites and
I'lanrt, must hi>| e it never will arrive. When it
does tiiiie W1,l ue no div ision of feeling.- I am
i. i ibSrJ fioni ihe «"vptession of opinion f ere, and
o* ¡ > il <• ffn iment througr out the count y, that
we s'i-11 cone to tlin re--ul', and however this
matter f f ' ie rc'ercncc may be disposed of, (which
at tins 'ate stage of the session I regaid ás of
diniit Hied niipoi lance.) I btlieve that in a firm
resolu' on to .land on our rights, under the tieaty,
we shall be unanimous.                                               '
Mr. GILMER said he felt himself called on to I
say a word in reply to the gentleman from Massa- '
chusetts, [Mr  Adams ]    There were one or two ,
reasons why he could not vote for the proposition
of that gentleman, which seemed to be predicated
on the belief that there was an immediate necessity '
for action on the part of the House.   Now, he
believed this tobe th<: first proper point of ínouiry: I
Whether such a necessity existed, and if it did i
exist, what was to be the nature of the action'
Tne House must be in possession of facts on which
to ground their proceeding, before it could proceed
wun propriety.    Had France refused ultimately
the indemnity stipulated in the treaty > We should
act definitely on no other ground, otnerwise, our
action became premature, untimely, and calculated
to do wrong rather than obtam right.    The qies-
tion  of peace and  war  involved the individual
interests of mankind.    Our country and her insti-
tutions were so constituted that foibearance and
pacific measures were their most prominent char-
acteristics    Every opposite sentiment prematurely
thrown out here, therefore, had a tendency to
injure the character of the nation.    Much   nad i
been said of national honor.   He asked, what was
the law of national honor'   That subject would
do for the vaporing of crowned heads, but when '
this matter  was brought  to its  point,  and   the
country involved in war, it would be found it was
not then to be   sustained by flourishes of rhet- j
one.    He would again lepeat his impression that (
this House could not act on this subject without a i
full knowledge how far our national rights were
involved.   He asked gentlemen if they were aware
that tins very treaiy did not sustain our nat'ona!
honor'   The ppo'iations on our commeice were
incident to the Berlin and- Milan decrees     D'd '
this treaty—did ihe indemn'y—heal 'he wounds
i  flirted on our national  honoi '    Having waited
the length of time v e i-ad already done,  Mr  G.
a    td n -iw theCeivnitteeoo Poie'gn Affaii3cou!d
ex ir^s^ to tins House the couibe it ought í"> ¡ urcce
wiihout its^'f íiíivi ig  ue'e e it any new *acts on
wh'th to art    WecoulJ d > no.hing until we knew
bometning fuunei of the pi oceedirgs of France—
ehl er foi the horor of the House or of the nation.
Mr. STEWART suggested the propriety of
giving the comitii'tee a longer per'cd than the
IG h, but alo*' them to report sooner if they
could, he would siy t.ll the 20 h of February
While up, he wou'd take occasion fosay, in reply
to the gentleman from Georgia, that the House
was not prepared to act until it had learned what
was the decision of the Trench Cnsmber, that it i
might act provisionally if not definitively, for war
was not the only alternative to coerce Frarce.
We might not only declare war and issue letters
of marque and reprisal, but we miy pas's a non-
rntercourse law with her; we may impose piohtb-
itory duties;.indeed, there were various modes in
wh'ch we might coerce Fiance without resorting
to an ooen declaration of war. Supposing either
of these last were adopted before the adjournment
orCongiess, in case Fiance did not fulfil the stip-
ulations of the treaty, we shou'd throvi upon hei
the who'e responsible y Besides, how much would
she si.fl>-J Our imports fiom her amounted to
between fi teen and twenty mil'ions of dollars, and
was it likely for the petty sum of five millions that
she would nsk the loss of such a trade by our
passage of a non mtercou-se ad ' By acting pro-
visional! v v. e should thiovv the lesponsibihty upon
hei, anJ'he lecommendctl that ccuise At le<tst
he tius'ed that Consiess would not suffer the ses-
sion to pass by without some tieclartion of its
will.
Mr HW1ER moved the House adjourn.
On a div i«ioii thete appeared for the motion 73,
against it ]0b
So the House refused to adjourn
Mi HAMCRthen renewed his motion to strike
out «'I that pan of (he moron of Mi. Ac wis which
went to instruct the committee.
Mi ADAMS rema.ked that the infractions
weie all that the motion aimed at, and he should
el isider the ¡uio¡ t.on of the amendment as a vir-
tual njection of the motion.
Mi CAMBRCLEííG moved that the time be
extended to the 20th instant foi the committee to
report. Ele said, in order to meet the views of
all, he was induced to make the motion.                 '
Mr. ARCHER couW not consent to vote to
give any positive instructions to the committee;
and he put it to the gentlemen from Massachusetts
and Virginia [Messrs. Adims and PattqnJ to say
whether we ought not, under all the circumstances,
to nokl ourselves untrammelled to act as emer-
gencies might direct a fortnight hence' Suppose
the contingency alluded to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Everett] that we should
have the most untoward accounts from France
that could possibly be anticipated, must the House
then wait until the 20th instant befoie acting'
Such could not be their wish. He repeated, they
could gam nothing, and might lose much of their
object by persisting m their instructions to the
committee.
Mr CLAY asked for a division of the question,
viz: that that part going to instruct the commit-
tee betaken separately.
Mr J Q. AD4MS asked for the yeas and
navs, but they were not ordered.
Mr. PATTON, in reply to the suggestion of
his colleague, [Mr. Archer,] said that he appre-
hended his colleague must labor under some mis-
understanding of the character and effect of the
proposition of the gentleman from Maasachusetts.
That proposition did not propose, and its adoption
could not commit, or trammel, or fetter the action
of the House in the slightest: it did not even inter-
fere with the judgment of the committee as to what
should constitute the tenor and character of their
report; all that was done was to require them to
report by Monday week He thought, therefore,
that full justice was. not done to the motion of the
icentleman from Massachusetts, when it was said
that the adoption of his motion would he equiva-
lent to a declaration of war. I (said Mr. P.) am
as little inclined as the gentlemen from Georgia
[Mr Gilmer] and Virginia [Mr. Archer] are
•low, and under the present state of the subject,
and of our information, to adopt the measure
of repusal, or any other measure of self redress.
Du' 1 think we ought to take the subject into con-
s,deration a'id decide whether we will await the
definite action of the French Chambers. Inau-
spicious as tne present aspect of affairs certainly
is, Mr. P said he would still refrain from taking
any measure of hostility against France; he would
s'iOw the utmost possible forbearance, and every
just dependence upon her justice. In the hope,
with the possibility that France would not perse-
vere, he would still await the issue, " prepared
for ei'her fortune," with a proper reltance upon
the honor and integrity of France to do us right,
and a firm and steady conviction that we need
not—cannot—must not submit to wrong, flagrant,
grievous, persevered in, and unredressed.
Mr CAMBRELENG said his only object in
proposing the modification of the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] was
to prevent further debate. Failing m that object,
and finding many of his friends disposed to send
the communications to the committee without in-
structions, he wou'd withdraw his proposition.
The quesfon was then taken on Mr. Hamer's
motion to strike out that"partof Mr. Ada vis's pro-
position going to instruct the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to report, &,c, and agreed to without
a division.
The motion to lefer the message of the Presi-
dent, and the accompanying despatches, to the
said committee, was then agreed to, and they were
0ide>-ed to be printed
Oi motion of Mr. VANDERPOEL,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 9, 1S35.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the followingres--
olutions; which, on his motion, weie considered
and agreed to:
Jlisolced, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to lay befoie the Senate estimates of the
amount of money necessary for the service of the
Geneia! Post Oihce for one year from the 1st day
oí January,1S35
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to lay before the Senate a statement of the
debts owing by the General Post Office on the 1st
220                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________         February 7,
day of January, 1835, exhibiting the name and
residenceof each creditor—the amount due to each
creditor—the time or times when the said debt was
contracted in each case—and the cause, service,
or consideration, for which each debt was con-
tracted—and whether the same was contracted for
service rendered upon a bid and contract made in
conformity with the public advertisements, or
upon a bid and contract not in conformity with
the public advertisements, or for extra allowances
upon the contracts which were executed.
Mr. HiLL submitted the following resolutions:
Resoloed, That all the responsibilities and debts
incurred by the Postmaster General in executing
that part of his duty, prescribed by a law of Con-
gress, which requires that he shall " provide for
the carriage of the mail on all post roads that are
or maybe established bylaw," and "that he
' shall pay all expenses which may arise in con-
' ducting the Post Office, and in the conveyance of
' the mail, and all other necessary expenses arising
'on the collection of the revenues and manage-
' ment of the General Post Office,'' are good and
valid and binding on the Department of the Gen-
eral Post Office; that the faith of the said depart-
ment is lawfully pledged to the discharge of all
such debts to the full amount of its teceipts; and
that any law of Congress, which shall divert those
receipts to any other purpose than the discharge
of such debts, while any shall remain unpaid, will
be unjust and improper.
Resolved, That the lav/ of the United States
(with the exception of unproductive routes, as
particularly specified,) leaves it entirely in the
discretion of the Postmaster Genera! how often,
and in what manner, whether in carriages, by
single horses, or otherwise, the mail of the United
States shall be carried over post roads established
by law.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
instructed to report the aggregate of the expense
that has been incurred by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Eoads, over and above the
ordinary pay during each session of the members
of said committee,as Senators—distinguishing the
amount expended during the session of the Senate
from the amount expended duiing the recess—
the daily pay, and pay for travel, allowed to their
secretary, clerks, or accountants, and all other
persons by'them employed, or culled on as wit-
nesses—designating the per diem, travel, and
amount paid to each individual by name.
LIGHT-HOUSE ON MOBILE POINT.
Mr. ICING, of Alabama, pursuant to notice,
and on leave given, introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the erection of a light-house on
Mobile Point, and placing buoys in Mobile Bay;
which, on his motion, was read twice, considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDA1N, from the Committee on
Claims, made unfavorable repoits upon the me-
morials of John C. Fiizpa trick and James Nichol-
son, and the committee w"ere discharged from the
further consideration of those subjects.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lr.nds,to which was referred a memorial from
the Legislature of Alabama, on the subject, re- j
ported a bill authorizing the cuizens of townships '
where the lG:h section has been disposed o*", to
enter other lands in litu thereof; which was lead
the first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON,from the Committeeon Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Catharine
E. Clitherel, widowof Dr. George Clitherel; which
was read the fust time, and ordered to a second
reading.
REDUCTION OP EXECUTIVE PATRONAGE.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the select committee to
which was referred the resolution directing an
inquiry into the extent of executive patronage,
and the expediency and practicability of reducing
the same,£c., made a report, in part, accompanied
by a bill to regulate the deposites of the public
money in the State banks. Also, a joint resolu-
tion reepmmending an alteration of the Constitu-
tion, so as to allow the distribution of the surplus
revenue accruing for the coming seven years,
among the several States. The committee also
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to the Senate, at the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress, what
duties under twenty per cent, ad valorem, as pro-
v ded by the sixth section of the act of the 21 of
March, 1833, entitled " An act to modify the act
'of the 14th of July, 1832, and all other acts im-
' posing duties on imports," can be reduced or
repealed consistently with a due regard to the
manufacturing interest; and an estimate of the
probable amount of the reduction.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the joint resolu-
tion have a second reading at this time, for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. BENTON objected; when the bill to regu-
late the deposites was read twice, and
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, made the
special order of the day for Thursday next.
Mr. CALHOUN then moved that the report
just read be printed, together with the report of
the select committee of 18:26, on the same subject,
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. POiNDEX i'ER rose, hesaid,for the pur-
pose of making an additional motion for printing
thirty thousand extra copies of the report now
made, and the same number of the report made in
182oon the same subject, ije was, he said, deeply
impressed with the view of the subject taken by
the committee. Por one, he begged leave to return
his thanks to them for their labors. The question
now submitted to the nation was whether power
is to be perpetuated in the hands of him who now
wields it, and the one he may select as his succes-
sor. A misplaced cooSdence prevailed through-
out this country; the people were slow to believe
that the man in whom they confided with the utmost
confidence, should be capable of suhc unheard-of
encroachments upon the liberties of the coun-
try, whose destinies were now unhappily lodged
in his hands. This view of executive patronage,
arising from its own constructions of power, was
most alarming and dangerous. The doctiiues of
the protest, so called, claimed for the Executive
the entire control of the public treasures, of the
public property,, and the performance of all the
public duties, and by virtue of powers preexisting
before the Constitution of the United States. The
President claimed the exercise of these powers under
that part of the Constitution which declares that
all executive power shall be vested in the Presi-
dent. Cut the knowing ones, fearing these doc-
trines might not be us palatable to the people as
was expected, contrived to send forth a kind of
supplementary message. Congress may legislate
concerning the public property, but the President
reserved by his veto an absolute control over the
whole as the individual representative of the
Government, although forty thousand aids have
been given him, to whom lie claims they alone
are responsible. The Constitution gives him no
authority o ver the public treasure other than to di aw
his quarter salary and to spend it as he pleases.
How did he, then, get hold of them ? Why, by
removal and appointment. By this means the
President put his fingers into the public treasures
and distributed them to whom he pleased. If the
King of England (said Mr. P.) should mete out
the public, treasures in this manner,givinga favor
now to Manchester, now to London,now to one,
and now to another—if he should take such a
course, his head would pay the forfeit. But we,
in this country, had suffered the President to take
possession of the treasury without the least resist-
ance. And why was it? Because the press of
the country was purchased up to support every-
thing, right or wrong. By means of his power of
removal, the President had not only all the other
departments of Government under his control,
but, also, even the judicial department. He had
only to remove those who dared to disobey, and
appoint those who would yield to his will. Mr.
P. concluded by expressing his thanks to the com-
mittee for the investigation they had made.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said that if he declined
following the Senator from Mississippi through
the range he fiad taken on the wrongful exercise
of executive power, he hoped he would find
a sufficient apology in the fact, that in no part
of the report was the President's construction of
the Constitution doubted. He hoped, also, he
might be pardoned for the suggestion, that the
committee did not expect a discussion of such a
character on the presentation of the report. Not
knowing—or rather having forgotten—:that the
report would probably be presented'this morning,,
he had neglected to furnish himself with some
information which would be necessary to sustain
him in a few comments which he intended to make
upon some branches of the report, and which he
should make on a future occasion. But the mo-
tion which had been made, seemed to call atten-
tion now to one feature of the report.
Sir, (said Mr. K.,) I wish it expressly under-
stood that 1 am in favor of a reduction of the
expenses of this Government. And whenever
a reasonable proposition was made, from the
north or south, from any part or any party, the
object of which was to effect this desirable end,
he was prepared to concur in it; and that (said
Mr. If.) is i he very reason I am opposed to this
motion which was to print twenty thousand—
(some one near mentioned thirty thousand.) Thir-
ty thousand (declared Mr. K.) was more than he
had understood it. He had the same objection to
thiity thousand that he had to the punting of
thirty millions. That objection was, that it was
an abominable waste of the public treasure. What
was the subject of our dehbeiation ? It was the
wasteful expenditure of the public money, as well
as executive patronage, which in fact only grew
out of it.
If, then, (said Mr. K.,) the expenses of the
Government have lately increased to an enormous
extent—if they have greatly increased between
1825 and 1833, as stated in the teport, which he
believed to be true—his intention was, when the
report came up ag_un, to show where the increase
originated, and was determined that the responsi-
bility should rest where it ought to rest, and was
not to be attributed to the Executive. What a
spectacle did this exhibit from day to day ? The
Senate had been a week making war on the extras
of the Post Office Department. They were now
warring against the extravagance of the Execu-
tive, and whilst brandishing the sword in one
hand in defence of the public treasure, against the
ravages of the Executive, we were with the other
slipping it into our own pockets, br scattering it
in profuse and wasteful extravagance.
Mr. K., after enumerating a few features in the
report which he intended hereafter briefly to com-
ment upon, principally in the language and rea-
soning, said it was not his purpose further to trou-
ble the Senate at that time upon the merits of the
report, in the conclusions of which he mainly
agreed. lie concluded by a hope that the extraor-
dinary number of extra copies proposed by the
Senator from Mississippi, would not be agreed to,
as every copy over five thousand for distribution
would be useless waste, as the report was short,
and before even five thousand extras could be
printed, it would be in all respectable journals in
the United States. He said he had another ob-
jection to the printing of so large a number. It
would counteract a principal object of the commit-
tee who wished to avoid giving a party character
to the report. These orders for printing so large
a number of extras, he said, were looked upon
generally as efforts to give a party importance to
the document, and nine times out of ten, it was
the object of such orders. He hoped the Senator
himself, on reflection, would consent to five thou-
sand extras, which he thought as many as would
answer any useful purpose.
Mr. BENTON spoke for nearly two hours on
the subject of the report. [We hope to be able
to give a full report of his speech at some future
day.]
Mr. LEIGH said that the credit or discredit of
originating the proposition to divide the surplus
revenue, among the States did not belong to this
committee, but to the President of the United
States. Mr. L. said his attention was turned to
the message in consequence of the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Missouri.
[Mr. L. read extracts from the President's mes-
sage of 1830-'31.1
Mr. CALHOUN had but little to say; he in-
tended only to allude to that part of the subject
It25.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
wt ch cerned especially pom eJ at liims-lf lie
had ieen blamed, he s^il, fji not g.mig into the
ctu^e of the evilutid&howiitgtne manner in winch
tuete abuses had sp ung up He did not wish to
q lot- opinion?, noi plunge into the history of the
pi-t, u W.Í.S ur necessary, th  abu^s did exist,
and toe hmoraile S^utor [Mi Bektoj.] had
a Luowleoged it That honorable Senator had
laiseJ his voice against i' in its ir fancy, and why
was he no>v silunt on the increase of that power
to such enoirtious magnitude' it wn matter of
astoi ¡shme t that fie honorable Seut.toi did not
b e¡> f rih o. id ^tem the ovtrwhtlrmng current
Mi O uen' on to show Jiat a large surp'us
would be left m the Tre isi i y after d*fiaying the
expense ct tie Govern net t lie «-ail there
v cu'd be $S COO 000 lenui-irg, aid contended
Inat the repor of tl e Secrtta y of the 11 eatery
was f i 'aoiuu*, that it wi-s intended to retain large
sums in ti e Íleasury
Mi C then ex, lame! the manner m which he
had made his c lculalioi " for letrench nents, that
he had made tue year 1823 the bo'is of his esi
mate lie disclaimed any insertion 'o exci'e
party feeling1-, he was anxious to be si'entasto
party, he only looked to the fu'i re if I e 1 ad
i'ncoiisciou~ly Stepped on | arly grounds, he only
took facts as he found them He denied evei
having joined in prophesjmgnatuiicJ bankruptcy,
on the enr'rary, he had during tne last session
calculated the revenues arising from duties to
exced sixteen millions
Before he set down, Mi C said he would
acknowledge the compliment paid tu the report by
the noiion to print so la^gea number 1 or him-
self I e *tu not anxious ?s to the number, he
would leave it to Ins fuends to dec Je
The motion to print was (hen reduced to the
number usually printed of th  re ortof 1C_G, and
ten thousand extra copies of that ¡ust presented
Upon this quest on, Mr HILL demanded the
yeas and nays, wi ich were ordered, and are as
tol'ow-
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Black, B-owi,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuthber-, Cwing, Golds
borougn, Grundy, Hendricks, Kine, King of
Alabama, Leigh, Lmn,McKean, Mt-iigum, Nai'
dain, PoindcUer, Porter, Robbms, Rol mson,
Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Tipton, Tomhnson,
Tyler, and White—29
iN 'VYS—Messrs Hill, King of Georgia, Mor-
ris, Shepley, Tallmadge, and Wiight*-G
The Senate then adjou-ned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, Febniary 9, lQd5                      I
On motion of M-   SEVIER, a  bill from the
Senite for the comp'etion of certain roads in the
Terrt'oiy of Arkan^is was read twice, and com- '
rmttei to the Committee of Ways and Means
PETITIONS,  ETC                            j
Petitions and memorials were presented by —
Mr PARKS, ot Mame,                                   I
Mr HUBB\RD,6f New Hampshire,             I
Messrs  EVERETT, GORHAM, and RLCD,
of Massachusetts,                                                 !
Messrs   PEARCE and BURGES, of Rhode
Islnr-d,                                                                  i
Messrs BARBER, JACKSON, and YOUNG,
of Connecticut                                                       i
Messis PFAR«ON,CAMBRELENG,CRA- '
MER.TURRUL, HARD, HUNTINGTON,
LVY, HAZLLT1NE, and MANN, of New i
York,
[Mr Maim, of New York, presented theme- I
nional of H Sternberg, of the State of New York,
praying for the passage of a law to reward him |
lor cestam discoveries wlttch he representa he has j
made in medical philosophy Referred to the Com- |
miuee on the Judicial y )                                       I
Messrs H1CSTER, BANKS.GALBRAITO,
MUHLLNBLRG    McKLNNAN,   BINNEY, ,
WAFMUÜGH, SUTHERLAND, HARPER,
and Br \U\10\ T, of Penn-vlvama,
Me-rs   tJLYTU, THOMAS, and McKIM,
of Miry land
Me^MU CÜINN, WISE, and ARCHER, of,
Virginia,
Messrs SPEIGHT and VV. B SHEPARD.of
North Carolina,
Messrs MARSHALL, POPE, LYON, and
JOHNSON, of Ken'ucky,
[Mr Lvo\,of Kentucky, present°d the petition
of Alexander McDamel, Leonard Jones, and
others, who profess to have attained the power of
endless existence on this eirth, and praying for a
grant of public land on thejvlis-,issippi, whereupon
to erect a city of refuge, the grant to extend only
during the natural 1 fe of McDar"el, who is no*
sixty four years of age, and in c is' of his death to
revert to the Government, with all the imorove
ments tiiereon The pe ,t on was refeired to the
Co-timii. ee on Public L-vnds, and o dered to be
¡«n ed ]
Messis DICKINSON and DUNLAP, of Ten-
nessee,
[Mi De>;LAr,af*ei stating the su' narre of the
petitim, infoim d the Hoose t uj wjs the thud
pet ¡ion he had presented 'o '1 e House on the same
su'jjpC— hat the letter accompanying the petition
informed him that of all the persons at tne date of
the lejjer in the hosp tal at Memphis, there was
not one of them acit zen of Tennessee Ilemoved
the reference of the petition to a Committee of tlie
Ulule Hove on the state r/ i'e Union, who had
charge ot the bill providing for the establishment
of a marine hospital at Baltimore, Memphis, and
other places, whiJi refeience was accordingly
made ]
Mesen MITCHELL, THOMSON, PAT-
TERSON, VINTON, BELL, VVEBaTER, and
CRANE, of Ohio,
[Mr Mitchell presented adibtional tes'imony
in relation to the clvm of Adam Smith, for work
and labor done on the Curibe land road, west of
Louisiana, m ihe S'ate of Ohio IIa piso presented
tne menjonal of Seth Adams, of Zanesvi'le, pray
ing indemnity for Fiench spoliations prior to the
year 1800, which were lcfeired to appropriate
committees ]
[Mr Patterson preseo'ed a petition for a mail
route fiomlilin to Sandusky City, in the State of
Ohio Also, the chims of Henry St John, of the
State of Ohio, asking indemnity for the loss of a
horse during the last war ]
[On motion of Mr Thomso* , of Ohio, a state-
ment of Mr Gill, enginee', gmng a description of
the merits of the summit of the Sandy and Beaver
canal, compared with the licking summit of the
Omo canal, was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canal -, and ordered to be printed ]
Mr JOHNSON, or Louisiana,
Messis CA-RR, K1NNARD, and HANNE-
GAN, of Indiana,
[Mr Carr presented a memorial and joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State ot Indiana,
soliciting measures to be taken to extinguish the
Indian title to lands in said State, and to remove
the Indians from her border, which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs J
[Mr IÜWA.KD p-esented a joint resolution of
the General Assembly of Indiana, recommending
the esiablishmentof an agency at Indianaoolis, for
the payment of pens oners
Also, additional documents m support of the
petition of James Calvin
Also, the petition of citizens of Indiana, for the
establishment of a post route therein mentioned ]
[Mr Hanv esh pre ented the petition of Mrs
Mary Becket, for arrears of pension due her late
husband, Humphrey Becket, deceased, which was
referred to the Comrudee on Revolutionary
Claims ]
Messis CAGE and PLUMMER, of Missis-
sippi,
Messrs CASEY, RE\ NOLDS, and MAY, of
Illinois,
[Mr C\sey introduced the memorial of the
Legislature of Illinois, praying the establishment
of a surveyor general's office for the State, which,
on his motion, was referred to the same Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union,
to which was refeired the bill " to establish a sur
veyor general's office for the State of Illinois "
Mr CistY also presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Illinois, praying the privilege of
relinquishing sections numbered 16, where they
are found to be unfit for cultivation, and locating
other lands m lieu thereof, which was íeferred to
the Commtttee on the Public Lands ]
[Mr Rey iolds presented a memorial from the
General Assembly of the State of flhnois, praymi 
the Congress of the United States to establish a
public road from Shawneetown, in Illinois, to St.
Louis, in Missouri The memorial states, that
(ands over which this road is to pass, have been
in market for many years, and remain unsold—
that a road m this section of the State would be
the means of bringing those lands into market, and
thereby be of service to the General Government
—that the United States mail is now conveyed on
this road from Shawneetown to St Louie, .and
that it is a great burden on the people to keep said
road in repair foi stages—that on this considera-
tion the Geneial Government would be induced to
assist in the repair of said road ]
[Mr   May presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, asking a fur-
ther donation of hnd, to aid the State in effecting
a communication between Lake Michigan and the "
Illinois river
Also, a jon t resolution from the same body,
praying that the provisions of the preemption law
of 1834 be extended to all persons now settled
upon the public lands, which resolutions, on his
motion, were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands ]
Mr MA RDIS, of Alabama
Which pe'itions and memorials «tere appropri-
ately referred
EESOLUTIOKS   II#RODUCED,
On motion of Mr CHILTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Mon-
roe post office, in Hart county, Kentucky, to
Lafayette, in Barren county, and thence to Gretna
Green, in Green county, of the same State.
On motion of Mr MARSHALL,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of allowing
payment to William Jones, for a horse lost in the
service of the United States during the late war,
and that the evidences relating thereto, which
were referred to said committeeat the last sessioa
of Congress, together with those now presented,
be referred to said committee
I    On motion of Mr VINTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of extending the public square on which the Capi-
tol is situated, westwardly to the foot of the elope
descending towards the canal
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Day-
ton, Ohio, by Liberty, Farmersville, Wmchestei,
and Neweome, to Oxford, in the same State.
On motion of Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Re*oh ed, Tnat the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the transpor-
tation of a daily mail between New Orieafis and
Mobile
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of making an appropriation to survey the route
designated for a railroad, from Point Coupee to
Opelousas court house, in the State of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr REYNOLDS,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary-
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of creating, in the State of Illinois, one other
pension agency, so that there will be two agencies
in that S.ate
On motion of Mr McCARTY,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting
indemnity to Samuel C Duncan, for losses by him
sustained, on a contract for excavations and filnngs
on the east and west banks of the east branch of
Whitewater, on the Cumberland roadtin Indiana;
and that the papers on the files of the House,
piesented at the last session of Congiess, upon
this subject, be again referred to said committee.
Mr HEATH offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be re-
2-22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
quested to communicate to this House such in
formation as his department may possess, and
copies of any correspondence that may have taken
place between this Government, or any of its
agent'?, with the European Governments, on the
subjects of their quarantine regulations.               ^
Mr LUCAS offered the following resolutions;
which, under the íule, lie or e day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to íeport to this House what officers, if any, have
been taken from the line of the army and com-
missioned in the general staff, with rank therein
since the reorganization of the army, under the
act entitled "An act to reduce and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment, approved March 2J,
1821, and in such form as to show the rank
and date of appointments m the staff, the regi-
mental rank and dateof commissions, when taken i
from the line; and if piomoted in their regiments
•whilst holding rank in the staff, the same to be
specified.
Resolved also, That the Secretary of War in-
form this House what regimental officers now hold
appointments in the general staff of the aimy, if
any, which do not confer lank in such marinei as I
to show the denominations and date of such staff
appointments, as well as the lank and dates of
commissions in their respective íegiments
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. McKINLEY, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution-     *
Resolved, That this House will, on Thursday
next, proceed to the election of printer to the
House of Representatives of the next Congress.
Mr ROBERTSON said he hoped the resolution
wou'd not be adopted A few ¿lays ago, he had
himself offered a resolution piovidmg for the abo-
lition of the office of printer, both to the House
of Representatives and the Senate of the United
States, and he hoped it would be the pleasuieof
the House to consider this resolution before pro-
ceeding to adopt that of the gentleman fiom Ala-
bama,"binding the House to proceed to the elec-
tion of this officei on a given day If it weie the
pleasme of this House, Mi R would regaid it
incumbent upon him, at that time, to submit to
the House, briefly and concisely,the views which
had led him to the conclusion that the office in
question ought to be abolished, and which would
recommend his own resolution to the favorable
attention of the House
The CHAIR íemarked that it would not be in
order, the subject under consideration being the
resolution of the gentleman fiom Alabama
Mr ROBERTSON asked leave of the House
to proceed.
The CHAIR said the gentleman might proced
to offer any remarks applicable to the resolution
just presented
Mr ROBERTSON was notaware of the precie
mode by which he could attain his object, but he
had supposed it would be in order, in discussing
the propriety of the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, to show what was the
purpose of one, relating to the same subject, of-
fered by himself on Saturday The more bo, as
the latter proposed to abolish the office itself, for
the appointment of which the othei had set ap-u-t
a given time He should not occupy much time
in urging the reasons which had induced him to
propose that resolution to the House.
Thei e weie a few considerations that at once pre-
sented themselves in connexion with this question  i
It had been said that there was, in point of fact, '
no such office as that of printer to the Hous , or i
printer to the Senate, that it was nothing more |
than a mere contract, and that the mode of ap- ,|
pomtment, by which he was elected annually or I
biennially, was nothing more than the designation
of the individual with whom  the contiact was  '
made.  To his mind, however, it appealed to pes- |
sess all the features that constituted an offi"er m
its most compiehensive sense, like other officers, |
he was regularly nominated, brought into compe- I
Ution with other candidates, and was elected by
regulai ballot.    In this point of view he was an i
officer, and  the question  then presented  itself,'
which was amply discussed on a former day, I
whether he was propeny an officer belonging to  1
the Government of the United States, or a peculiar ¡|
officei of the lespeclive Housej to which they i
were elee'ed If he be an officer of the Govern-
ment, he can dnly be so from being designated as
such in the Constitution of the United S'ates, or
because he had been, under the Constitution, cre-
ated by law. Now, the printer to eithei House
of Congress was not a constitutional officer of the
United States, because he was nowheie designated
in that instrument, nor, so far as Mr. B. was able
to find, was there any law by which he had been
made such. There was certainly a joint resolu
tion of the two Houses providing for the time and
manner of his election, but a resolution was no
law, and ought not to be regarded as of the same
force The constitutional provision authoiizmg
the creation of offices by law, could not be set
aside or obviated by a mere íesolution
The next question was, whether the printer to
the House was a peculiar officer of the House
itself?
The Constitution authorized each House to elect
its own officers, but that piovision never could
ha/e contemplated the right in each House to
create as many offieers as they choose It could
only have referíed to such officers as vverejieces-
sary and essential to theoiganization of the tiody,
ind over which they mu«-t necessa'ily have con
trol Such weie the Speaker, theClerk,Seigeant-
at-4rms,&c. Was the public printer an officer of
this description' Could we pretend that he was'
We cou'd not For the first thirty years of oui
Government the House had been legularly organ-
ized without any such officer Bui what was the
argumenten the other side' Why, that the public
printing must be provided for by law, and that
Congress must necessarily have its, prin'mg ex-
ecuted He freely acknowledged that there was
a necessity that Congress should have its pnntir g
executed, but it was equally necessary that Con-
giess should have a room, and that that room
should be furnished with seats, stationery, &,a ,
for their use, but it did not, therefore, follow
that they must elect officers under the designa-
tions architect, stationer, and upholsteier, to£ach
House But even were it so, that the printer was
regaided as the peculiar officer of tne House,
there arose this objection, which he had nevei yet
heaid answered, although often urged in that
House- What right had one Congress to elect an
officei who was a peculiar officer of the House, to
hold his office at the ensuing Congiess' They
would have as much light to elect the Speaker,
Cleik, Seigeant-at Arms, or Chaplain, as the
Punter, if he be considered an officer of the
House
But there were even more important objections
to the adoption of the resolution of the gentleman
from Alabama than tfiose founded on the constitu-
tional right of that House to create or fill such an
office as that of public printer, and which would
be removed by the adoption of that oflered by
Mr R on Saturday It would remove from that
House w h it he thought very essential should long
ago have been removed from it—'he ground of the
strong pai y excitement, that always took place,
and pioduced ouch argry discussion for the mas-
tery of thf> publ c presi by one or the othei of the
contending parties Mr S conceived the public
punting ought to be provided for in such a man-
nei, that he who looked to it should look to it only
as concerned tne public good, and the only thing
to be looked to by that House should be the con-
duct of the pnntet, not for the benefit of any polit-
ical party, but foi the benefit of the community
His plan would do this, and it adopted, would avoid
what mví i uibly to >k place—an excred debate and
an nigi y discussion, calculated to do no good, but
productive of the reverse He was for placing the
office in the hands of him who would execute the
duty best Wi y was it that they did not find it
necessary, in regard to othei contracts, or essential
for the good government of the country, to elect
other officers upon party principles' Mr 11 would
have ti e p>-ess as the Constitution of his country
intended it should be, fiee and unshackled—not
merely free from the force and influence of the
Government, but fiee from that more dangerous
influence to be exeited by means of the public
money He would have the press untrammelled,
unshackled, the palladium of our libeityand of
oui rights, and no longer the vehicle of dirty
abuse and disgusting slander The pi ess should
be protected fiom the eikets of this influence, as
well as from that patronage exerted by difleient
branches of the Government What could be ex-
pected from a printer to the House, to the Senate,
and to the Executive or the Administration, but
that eveiy abuse committed by everyone of these
departments would be oveilooked oi vindicated
by thejjnnter to each' There was ro doubt that
the public press of this country would be at all
times suSic ently unUer the control of narty, but he
Í tiusted in God  that pames wouW be allowed to
' fight their own battles by themselves, and not have
| the influence and patronage of the Government
thrown in their way
Upon these grounds, and solely upon these
grounds, (said Mr R.,) he had submitted his prop-
osition on Saturday last, and in domgso, he looked
to the suppoit of no pnntei  of any party    It
i proposed to distribute the printing among those
wl o would faithfully execute the work, and he
hoped the resolution offered that morning would
I not be received, and he would also beg leave to
state, that a motion wab then pending in the other
branch to dispense with the joint resolution under
winch the punter to that body was elected
\ The CHAIR said it was not in order to allude
to the nroceedings of the other House
I     Mr  It  said he had meiely adverted to the fact;
' and having said all hein'erded, he again reiter-
ated the 1 ope that the House would not adopt the
íesolu'ion of the gentleman fiom Alabama
Mr SUTHERLAND moved to amend the res-
olution by inseiiitig the wordb ",vna voce "
Mi   McKINLEY accepted the amendment.
Mr McKINLEY then proceeded     He did not
i know that it was necessaiy at that time to enter
I into a drcussion upon the quest'on whether the
I pi'nter to the House of Representatives was an
I officer or not, oi to mqu.re whethei a joint reso-
lution had the force and validity of a law.
Mr C ALLAN called for the orders of the
day, but the House did not second the motion,
the hour devoted to morning business not having
expired.
Mr McKINLEY resumed. It was a little sin-
gular, that whenever this qi esUon came up, there
was always a disposition by those who had not the
power to elect, to inteirupt its course by raising
the question that it was not pioper for one Con-
gress to elect a pnrtei for the ensuing one He
would admit that this House had not the right
to impose a p'inter upt n  the next House  of
I Representatives against Us will, arid he would
fieely admit tlat it belonged exclusive'y to the
House of Representatives to elect their own offi-
ceis, and that had always been his opinion, and
he would go fuither, and say he believed that the
! next House would have the right to accept or
reject the printer elected for them, as they might
j think fit But as the present practice had existed
foi some fifteen or sixteen years, during six or
I seven Congresses, why should they now all  at
1 once stop in proceeding to this election, merely
because a portipn of an opposition think other-
I wise' Mr McK then alluded to what he had
understood had fallen fiom Mr Roblrtson, with
i reference to the impropriety of electing editors of
newspapers, and said he considered it a question
altogethei for those who elected the pnntei, and
saw no reason why they should be proscribed,
whethei he was the editor of a paper or not
Mr ROBERTSON explained, and said he must
have been misapprehended, foi neither in his
remarks nor in the íesolution, had he contem-
plated any proscription     He asked leave that the
| resolution be read, and
I Mr McKINLEY giving way, they were read
accoidingly
Mr McKINLEY continued. He may have
misapprehended a part of the language of the res-
olution, but he believed himself conect, that the
gentleman in his remarks complained tnat public
patronage ought not to be extended to editors of
newspapeis It seemed, however, that if the
printer were nota fuend of the Administration,
I there was no danger of his being bribed. Indeed,
experience had proved that the gentleman was
mistaken, for he thought the present printers to
this House could not be charged with undue par-
tiality to the present Administration. He still
believed the House of Representatives to be the
proper body to designate their own printer, ac-
coidmg to the lesolutionsof 1819 aiid 1827    Tlie
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ftw^O
Lunes of the offiitr might be prescribed by Con-
gress but (he It n«U. the light to choose the
pr liter, hiiJ u y printer in the Unif-d States had
the rijjit of being a candidd'e f^r the office,
whethet be was tne editor of a newspaper or not   j
M McK , uftti lume further remarks,said he
felt di pi'el tu go into the election of a public
printel, ard he hofied ¡hut ore friendly to the
Natii i «I Administration would be appomed He
ul«o mamiained the principle of electing that offi-
cer Hid toce
I ne msiussinn of the re-olutio l uas here
airebted by a motion, by Mr C ALL4N,to
proceed to the on  deration of the orders of the
d ly , wmc i svjs ca ned
ROADS IN ARKANSAS.
Vr MrKIISLEY, fiotn lhe Committee of
V/ajn it d Means, rep uttd, without .imendm nt,
t^e 11 ' f-om ti c Se i<i'e to provide for completing
cei'ain roads in the Territory of Arkansas
MESSICE FROM THE PRESIDE?. T.           ,
Tne SPfcAKLR ¡aid befoie the House tre fol
lowing rn -sa<re Irom the Pres dent of the Urited
Stat  , win h was íeferred to the Comm'tiee on
the Pubu   Lands
Washi\íto\, Ftbiuary G, 183j
T> tut IIuusc rf R°prfsental.*cs
1 biibuiuii Congress a report from the Secre-
tary if We-, containing the eviderce of certain
caims, reservations under the lib artic'e of tne
tie-uy of 1&30, with the Choe'a«s, vihtch he
Ijcj' '15 agent lias reserved fiom sale, in con'brm
i'y will n.strucuoi • from the Piesident, who uiu
1 ot consider himselt authouzed to direct this loca-
tio 1
Should  Congress consider the claims jus', it
Vi 1  be pro,i'    to  pass a law authorizing tneir
location, or sa isfying them in some other way
AIS DRCW JACKSON
Mr PLC MMCil said that, at the last session
of C m„re=s, ti e Committee on the Public Lands
on the 1 art of the Senate were instructed to inves
tímateme conduct of the land offices in %l!ssi«sippi,
and the chairmtn of that coran iuee was author
ized to conduct the inve«tigation during tne recess
Ine íesult of that investigation has been reported
to the Senate, and i« contained in Senate document*
Imo 23 \mong other matters inqnned into during
the investig tion was the conduct of Colonel
GeorgeW Martin, ihe agent who made the loca (
tions rehired to 111 the message just read His ,
character, \ here his conduct is not known, has
suffered undei the cliirge Mr P had rea 1 the I
testimony , and so far as he was capable of judging
from a thorough examination of 'he subject, he
coi t, dered that the agent stood honorably acquit
ted from anything like fraudulent or ímnroper
c núuuiitie discharge of his dutie To pre-
vent the th; rge of fiauJ aga nst the agent frori
being raised to the ¡irejudiceof theclaiman s,and
that ihe conduct of the agent may be fully be'ore
thecomnittee in its aggravated form, he moved
thit so n-ii h of t**e testimony as re'a'ed to the
rffi"ia! conduct of Colonel Mar in, be referred to
the =ame commutet to which the message of the
President had been referred
The motion was agreed to
Mr DICKINSON suggested that the reference
just made more propeily belonged to the Com
mittee on Indian A flail", par icular y as subjects
com ected with it «ere aheady before that com-
mittee Ele would move that the papers be refer-
red to tlieComnii'ire on Indiin Altans, instead of
the Committee on Public Land
The CHAIR ssid this could only be done by
ill amnions consent, or by a teconsidei&tioii of the
voie refeirm^ the stil |ea to theCommit.ee on the
Public La id- 
M1   PLU \1 M CR objeded to the motion
Mr CAGE moved a reconsider uion of the
vo'e
Mr PLUMMCR thought the Committee on
Puolu L«nds the most appropriate reference, and
should therefoie vote ag mst a reconsideration,
but hid no particular objections to the subject
gning to the Committee on Imbuí Affairs, if that
should I e the des.ic of the House
The   in nn to ifOon id"r prevale!, and the
dot unit 11K wete retcirtd to the Committee on In
Uian Affairs                                                                     '
On motion of Mr PLUMMER, the vote taken
on referring the testimony taken bffore the Com-
mittee of the Senate, was reconsideied, and the
same referred to the Committee on Indian Af
fairs
SENATE   BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice, and committed
A bill in addition to an act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Lucy Bond and Hannah
Douglass, and
A bill for the re'ief of Duncan L Clinch.
The amendments proposed bj. the Senate to the
resolution f.om the House to rovide for the sale
of the lion ard two horses presented to the Amer-
ican Consul at lane e.t, by tne Emperor of Mo
rocco, weie concurred in
BILLS   PASSED.
The following bills were read the third tim ,
and pissed
A bill from the Sena'e to continue tne office of
Commissioner of Pensions,
A bill amerdatory of the act for the continua-
tion of the Cumberland road,
A bill to chnnge the t me of holding the district
courts of the United States for the Western dis-
trict of Virginia, holden at Clarksburg,
A bid *o establish a pes on ageucy south of
Green river, in tne Sta'e of Kentucky,
A bill mfkingan appropriation for the purchase
of two hundred copies of the facsimile accounts of
General Washington,
A bdl for the benefit of John Cull ns,
A bill grantmg a pension to Ama-a A   T rFt,
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds and
John Casey,
A bill for the relief of Josiah Westlake,
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Janvier,
A bill for the relief of Josiah H Brown and
John Conkm, and
A bid to restore to certain invalid pensioners
the amount of pensions by them relinquished
On motion of Mr HUBBlRD, the bill for the
r iief of Tnomas Simpson was recommitted to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions
THE TERRITORIES.
This day being specially set apart for the con
sideration of bills relating to the Territories, M.r
ALL IN, of Kentucky, moved to commit to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the several bills in relation to the Territories,
winch had been referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, which was agreed to
COMMITTEE   OP   THE   WHOLE.
The House then, on motion of Mr  ALLAN,
of Kentucky, resolved itself into a Committee of .
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr  Pope <
in the chan,) on the following bills                          it
A  bill making appropris'ions to improve the
navigation of certain rivers in the Territory of ||
rionda,                                                                                      I j
A bill to provide for the improvement of the ¡
harbor on Clinton river, in the Territory of Mich- j
igan,
A bill from the Senate to provide for certain
roads in the Territory of Arkansas,                          i¡
A bill fiom the Senate to lmprov the harbor at
the mouth of the river Raism, in the Territory of
Michigan,                                                                     j
A bill to authorize the construction of a rail- l!
road through the public hnds between Tallahas-
see and St   Mark's, in Florida     [This bill was
amended, on motion of Mr LION, by authorizing |
a railroad to be cor-strue'ed through the public .
lands in Michigan, clc ]                                               1
A bill to provide for the opening of certain
roads in the Territory of Aikansss, and for other
purnobes, and
A bill establishing the teriitonai government of
Wisconsin
Ml L"VON moved an amendmert to the latter
bill   which was agreed to
Mr IIAMER"submitted another amendment
retative to, and fixing the boundary lines of, the
States of Ohio, Illinois and Indiana
On the subject of this amerdmenta question of
order ero&e, which was debated at great length,
in which various members participated
The CHAIR decided that the question was
not in order, inasmuch as it involved a question
already before the House in the provisions of
another bill
From this decision Mr VINTON appealed,
when the subject of order was again resumed
and discussed by Messrs VINTON, MASON,
ADAMS of Massachusetts, CLAY, WHITE of
Honda, LANE, HAMER, LYON of Michigan,
EW1NG, ALLEN of Ohio, and otheis.
The subject was finally withdrawn from the
consideration of the committee, in order to be
lenewed in the House after the committee should
rise
Mr REYNOLDS then offered an amendment
fixing the boundary line between the Termor '
of Wiscons.n and the State of Illinois at forty-
two degrees and thuty minutes of north latitude
Tl is amendment w#s decided by the Chair to
be in order, and was debated until the hour of
adjournment
Mr LYON, of M-cbigan, conceiv ed this amend-
ment to be equally objectionable with the onejust
withdrawn     He could not accept it
The amendment was advocated by Messrs.
REYNOLDS, HARDÍN, EW1NG, MAY,
TRANE, HAMER, BINNEY, and ALLEN of
Ohio, and opposed by Messi s GAM BLE, BOON,
J a ADAMS, and MASON of Virginia
On motion of Mr MAY, the committee rose
and reported the bills to the House, with the ex-
ception of the bill establishing the Territory of
Wisconsin
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Tlesday, January 10, 1835
The CHAIR communicated a letter from the
Secretary of War, in obedience to a resolution of
the Senate, accompanied by a report of the en-
gineer who made a survey and estimate relative
to the improvement of the harbor of Trail Creek,
in Indiana, which,
On motion of Mr TIPTON, was ordered to
be printed
PETITIONS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. HENDR!CKS,CALHOUN,McKEAN,
ROBINSON, LEIGH, PRESTON, TOMLIN-
SON, ROBBINS, and TIPTON.
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr WAGGAMAN, from the select commit-
to which a resolution on the subject was referred,
reported a bill to establish branches of the United
States Mint at New Orleans, at Mecklenburg
county. North Carolina, and another at Dahlon-
ega, m Georgia; which was read the first time and
oidered to a second reading.
Mr SO0THARD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of the Alexandna Canal Company.
Mr TYLER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill, renewing the charters of certain
banks in the District of Columbia, for-a limited
period, which bills weie severally read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr HILL submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be lequested to inform the Senate whether there
is evidence in the department of the payments
made to the officers of the army of the Revolution
for the commutation to which they are entitled
in lieu of half pay for life, or other emoluments,
under the several «solutions of Congress, in all
cases in which such payments have, in part, been
made, or whether the evidence of payment has m
any, and in what class or classes of cases, been
lost or destroyed
Whether classes of these officers, entitled to
commutation, were paid by their respectiveStates,
and the payment so made by the States was sub-
sequen'ly assumed and paid by the General Gov-
ernment, and if so, whether any record of the
names of the individual officers so paid by the
States was furnished to and has been preserved in
the department
Whether, to his Knowledge, acts of Congress
¡une passed directing commutation pay to be
2-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10>
made in cases where payment had been previously
made, or in casos where the officer was not enti-
tled to the commutation undei the resolutions of
Cong^ss before referred to.
And whether other acts of Congress have been
passed allowing commutation to officer?, or to the
heirs and lecal representatives of officers, in cases
where there" is every reason to believe that pay-
ment of the sameclaim had been previously made.
Mr LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made unfavoiabie reports upon
the following cases: The petition of the legal
representatives of Richard Dorsey, deceased; the
petition of the administrator of Captain Wilnam
Sandford, deceased; and the petition of the heirs
of Captain Jacob Hal!, deceased.
REORGANIZATION OF THE POST OFFICE
DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mi. CALHOUN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the third leading of the bill changing
the organization of the General Post Office
Mr. GRUNDY rose and said that, by the
instructions of the committee, he moved to fill up
a blank in the bill, which was leftfor the purpose
of inserting the number of clerks necessary to be
employed in the General Post Office under the new
organization. lie therefoic submitted an amend-
ment, which he hoped would be agieed to by
unammotrs consent, filing the number of cleiks in
the General Post Office at twenty-six, and i educing
the salary of the messenger to be employed m tne
office of the Commissioner of the Post Office to
#700, instead of #800, by which, Mr Grundy
said, he would be put dpon a footing of equality
in this íespect with other messengers m the execu-
tive departments.
The amendment was adopted, and the bill was
then read the third time and passed.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which the bill ft om the House
relative to the construction of the bridge over the
Potomac at the city of Washington, and repealing
all other acts in relation thereto, was refeued,
reported the same without amendment
GEORGE HURLBERT.
The bill for the lehef of the legal representatives
of George Hurlbut was read the third time and
LIGHT-HOUSE, ETC., AT MOBILE POINT.
The bill making an appropriation to erect a
hght-houseat Mobile Point, and to establish buoys
in Mobile bay, was read the third time and
passed.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate con-
sidered, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill
making appiopnations for the naval service for
the year 1835, and no objection having been made,
it was lead the third time and passed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate
consideied, as in Committee of the Whole, the
joint resolution, reported yesteiday by the select
committee, proposing an amendment of the Con-
stitution, relative to the distribution of the surplus
revenue of the United States, when, on his motion,
the resolution was postponed to, and made the
special oi dei for, Thursday next.
SALARIES or CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr SILSBEE, the Senate post-
poned the previous orders, and* proceeded tocon-
sidei, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill fixing
the number ard salaries of the custom-house offi-
cers of the Un'te • S ates.
Mi SILStiEC br>efly explained the object of
the bill, whi"h was to fix the number and com-
pensation of the custom house officers in the
United Stairs, and to prevent an inequality which
existed in the compensation of the subordinate
officers of the same grade m different parts of the
country
Mr SILSBEE then mm ed severally the follow-
ing amendment*, to the Dill.
"The appointment of a surveyor at Jersey City,
in the district of New York, at a salary of $800
per annum;   r
A surveyor at Lynn, in the district of Marble-
head, at p00 per annum;
A surveyor at Ocraeock, in the Newbern dis-
trict, at $700 per annum;
A surveyor at Can den, New Jersey, at $250 per
annum;
A surveyor at St. Mary's, in the Annapohs dis-
trict, $200 per annum.
These amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SILSBEE then moved a fuither amend-
ment, "that all fees new payable by law to all
collectors, naval officers, and surveyors, or their
deputies, or those authorized to receive them, shall
be regularly accounted fji quarteilyand paid into
the Treasuiy by the offite>s receiving the same,"
which was agreed to.
Mr. SWIFT offered an amendment requiring
temporaiy officers who received a per diem com-
pensation, to make a íeport of the duties per-
foimed by them, with a statemert unaer oath
that their duties were necessary to the public
good
After some conveisation between Mr SHEP-
LEY, Mr. SILSBEE, and Mr SWIFT, the pio-
posedamendmentwaswithdiawn byMr SWIFT,
on the suggestion that the substance of it was
already contained m the bill
Mr TYLER said he found by this bill that out
of the fouiteen naval officers now established,only
six were to be retained. That the port of Nor
folk was to be deprived of this officer. He con-
tended that these officers were necessaiy as checks
over the ecl'eetors, he therefoie proposed so to
amend the bill as to give a naval officer with a
salary of $1,000 to the poit of Norfolk. Mr. T.
then read a letter from the Comptroller of the
Treasuiy, stating as his opinion, that a naval
officer ought not to be dispensed with at the port
of Noifolk
Mr SILSBEE said he was willing, so far as
respected himself, to have dispensed with all the
naval officeis, but in accordance with the opinion
of the committee, they had i etained six for the six
principal ports of the country.
Mr WRIGHT thought these officers were
necessary at the large poi ts, and a majoi lty of the
committee thought they could be dispensed with at
six or seven ports. Where the receipts were very
heavy, he operated as a check on the collector,
byieviewmg and correcting his accounts The
amendment went to extend t^is officer to another
class of poits not in the contemplation of the com-
mittee.
Mi. SILSBEE was opposed to the amendment,
because, if it preva'led, this officer must be ex-
tended to other ports, where there was really no
necessity for it
Mi. TOMLINSON said he thought, in the com-
mitfee, that it was necessary to abolish all these
naval officers They weie merely checks on the
collector, and he was already cheeked by his
clerks and the surveyor of the port, and he was
also checked at the Tieasury, by the accounting
officeis. The committee thought it expedient,
by way of experiment, to reduce the number of
nava! officei s in the small ports first, and if it suc-
ceeded there, it was thought that it would after-
wards be very easy to extend it, and abolish the
office in the other ports. He saw no stron<*
íeason, theiefore, for establishing one at Norfolk.
Mi. TYLER said he went for checks and bal-
ances. If the appointment of a naval officer was
necessary as a check upon the collector in six or
seven ports, it was so in all If we could dispense
with sentinels over the collector where not moie
than $10,000 weie received, we could where ten
millions were collected He saw no force in the
remark, that the clerks were a check upon the
collector, under whose control they were, and je-
movable at his pleasure, noi could he understand
how the officers of the Treasury were a check
upon the collector. He was unable to conceive
what check there was upon that officer, except
what was afFoided by the naval officer. With
respect to the collector at Norfolk, he knew him to
be a most honest, trustworthy man, and believed
him to be as much so as any other in the Govern-
ment, but he would trust no man to go into the
Tieasury and take money out of it, withotu having
a sentinel to watch over him.                                 "
Mr. SILSBEE and Mr. TOMLINSON made
some further ieme>rks, when the amendment was
disagreed to
Mr BIBB then moved a further amerdment to
increase the salaiy of the collector at Sandusky
from $400 to $600 per annum.
Mr. B knew this officer to be a most honest
and excellent one. He had beet many years in
the service of the Govei nment, but his salary was
entirely too low to enable him to live 1 here was
a maxim, "make money—honestly, if you car—
but at all events make money." This maxim
applied with increased force to peisons thus sit-
uated—they must live, hone6tly, if they could,
butthemeansof living must be had at any hazaid.
He thought that $G0O was a very moder; t  salary,
ard hoped the proposition would be arieed to
Ml BUCHANAN said he would vote for the
amendment. Cut while he was up, he would
make one or two general obseivaaons with regard
to this bill It must be admit ed that theie was
no Govei nment on the globe that had colltc'ed i s
revenue with more punctuality or more faithfufly
than the Government of the United States. To
collect it successfully, lequned the exeicise of
great care, and the possession of great piactical
knowledge outselves, or the advantage of it m
others The objection to the bill was not that the
higher officers intrusted with the duty of collect-
ing the revenue, were not sufficiently provided
foi, but when v/e went from the ports on the
sea-board to those in the interior, he entertained
doubts on the subject We all knew what cor-
ruption existed among the European Govern-
ments among1 the collectors of their revenues, and
the reason was, that they did not receive a suffi-
cient compensation for their services to live on.
They must live, and in order to live, they became
corrupt. Although he was as anxious for an
economical admmistiation of the Government,
and economical expenditures, as any gentleman
of the Senate, yet he would be sorry to intioduce
the spirit of economy to such an extreme as would
induce the collectors of the revenue to become dis-
honest. As the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Bibb,] well íemarked, they musthte,
and if they could not live honestly, they must
derive the means of living from some source. He
did not know that there were any provisions in
this bill which would have the effect of making
all officers dishonest But he felt certain that at
the port of Sandusky, a competent officei could
not be obtained for $400, or if he could be ob-
tained, he could not live on that salary. At some
othei time, it was probable he might move to post-
pone this bill for the present session—he believed
it was not to take effect till next January, and at
the next session we should all come better pre-
pared to legislate upon a measure which would
have so important a bearing upon the collection
of the levenue of tne country. Mr. B said no
man valued the practical knowledge of the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sils-
bee,] or appreciated it more highly than he did,
but he hoped the bill would be postponed, although
he would not make a motion to that effect, unless
he thought it would receive the sanction of a con-
siderable poition of this body
Mr. SILSBEE said the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had given him his opinion as to what these
collectors ought to have, and he supposed he had
founded his estimates upon what he believed to
be just and reasonable. Mr S. said he would be
the last man to give les>s compensation than these
officers ought to have, or what v/as recessary to
support them If the man had lived heretofore
on $400, he did not know why he might not con-
tinue to do so
Mr BUCHANAN would only say that he
would take the opinion of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts respecting the sufficiency
of the salary of this collector, with as little hesi-
tation as that of the Secretary of the Treasury.
But if this honest man, as ne had been represented
to be, had lived fbr so many years upon a salary
of $400, he thought it was now time to give him
six hundred.
Mr. BIBB observed that this gentleman held
this situation under the expectation of a higher
salary He (Mi B ) was not in favor of high
salaries, but $400 would not procure the services of
a competent man at a place which was so conve-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22£
merit for smuggling as Sandusky Un'ess there
was o man there who was competent to Ins duties,
the levenue would Guflrr And $400 was not
such a compensation us the Government ought to
offet such a person
¡yjr WRIGHT conceded the general proposi-
tion of the ¿en le-nan from Ptn. ¡¡yivama, that it
was the interist of the Government, fully to com-
pei.date its-officers. This w is the wish and design
of the committee m frnmi'ig the bill; but they
might have lulled m n, utid if they had, I e was
willii!"! and, indeed, desired that the Senate and
the House should orrect it, in acung on the bill
But vuth resaid to thecorapen ation of collectors,
he believed, as a generU principle, it was based
upon tl e amount of icvcnuc v,'n¡i) was received
at a par ituii>r port [Mr. W. I eie referred to
the Secretary'  leport, to 'show tht t in 1833, the
leverue received at Sindusky v,as gl02 ] The
amount paid (or doing this business was. §400
He was acq Minted vvi h til'., district, but he be-
lieved that tne facility foi smuggling there was
very m-ch diminished, o win  to the situation bung
upon the lake, wth pernapa an expanse of fifty
miles of water to be crossed, befuie smuggled
goods could be introducej 1 f this salary uhould
be raised, he thought all the other salaries of the
same grade ought also to be raised
Some fuilhei remurks were made by Messrs
B1BD, WRIGHT, and SILSBEE, when Mr
EWING interposed a motion to adjourn, which
prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiesd^y, Ftbrumy 10, l~-35
Mr CARI, fiom tne Committee n Private
Land Ciainio, reported tic following bi'ls, whicii
were rend twice and committed.
A bul concert mg land clfinants,
A bill for the relief of Suvi- C Vide, widow
of Heertwcll Vick, deceased, and the heirs of the
decedant,
A bill for the relief of John S   Congor.
Mr. PARKER, from the Comr->ittee on Ntval
Ailiirs, reported a bill foi the relief of James
Wiltuank, which was read tv.iceaid committed
Mr POLK, from the Committee of WayD and
Meant., íeporteJ a bill to legulate ¡he disbursement
of the public money, and to prohibit allowances
not made by law, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr ASHLEY, irom the Committee on the
Public Lt'nds, reported a bill fo* the rebef of £Ieni y
Dücherq iette, Willism Hibeit, J B D "üois, and
Charles Sanguneite, which was read twice and
committed
Mr E EVERETT, from the Commi'tee on
Foreign Affairs, teponed a bill for tie relief of
Comniotioie John Downs, which was read twice
and committed
Unravo-tide i eriortsupon various pe'it'ons. <£." ,
were mnde hv \Ussrs GALBR4JTH PAR
KER W K PULLER, POSTER, TULTON,
1A"V, and THOMSON, from their respecave
slandin  committees.
On motion of Mr GILMER, leave was given
to the Committee on Indian Afairs, to prosecute
tl eir duties during the session of the House.
Petitions vvtre presented, on leave, by
M.s«r> OÜNHP, WHITE, PiNCKNEY,
PHILLIPS, mi J KYVANAUH, which were
appropriately refened.
[Mr IX\i \r asknl leave of the House to pre-
sent a petition he had this morning received from
Bunliy citizens of Fayette county, Tennessee, foi
the establishment of a post route from B'ufl
Cieek po ' oflici to Sandy Sju^i g, inssid county
Line htmg t'l silted, stud p«utu n was refetreJ
to lie Coinim.ee on the Post Ofnce and Post
Rohh 1
The follow'tig lesolui'ons, heretofore ofTeied,
wert. c >ns dtred and a"ieed to.
Uy Mi   II VNNEGVN:
lt"d'rd. That the Secretary of War le re-
q icted ti c )mi'iirm"te to this House, if in po"-
se^'si m of tne War O psrtmen' a copy of "he
survey, phn, and est,ma'? fm the ronsiriuti i'i
of a haibor at the mouth ol Tiail Creek, on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Indiana, or any informa-
tion he may possess in relation thereto.
By Mr. BEATTY:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to this House tne survey and
report of the ergine<Ts sent during the last year
► to survey the Cumberland river, from the falls on
said river down, to meet the survey heretofore
made thereon.
On motion of Mr HARD,
Ilesolved, That the Committee on invalid Pen- i
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency j
of allowing to Ezekiah Jewi , an invalid   pen-
sioner, arrearages of pension  from June, 1815,
when his disability occurred, to the present time. '
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The followng resilutio-i, offered yesterday by
Mr.  McKi\ley, as amended  by Mr   Scther
lv\d, then  came  up as the unfinished morning
business:
" Resolied, That the House will, on Thursday
' next, proceed to the election of printer to the
' House of Representatives of the next Congress,
' by tun voce "
Mr  EVANS moved the following-amendment: I
Strike out uta toce, and insert, " under the au-
tnoui-. ofthejon t íesoiution,approved March 3,
1819 "                                                                           1
The amendment having been read,                       i
Mr. EVANS said it seemed obvious to him
that if the resolution proposed by the gen'leman
from Alabama ought to pass at a'l,it shouid pess i
in the shape Mr ii proposed. It not, he would
inquire ot the honorauie rrover by and under
what authority the House could undertake to go
into the election of printer at all for the next Co>i-
giess- There was none except that derived uom
the resolution of 1819, as amended by the joint
resolution of the 5 h Pcoruary, lb28 Now the
ve'y mt. oduct'en of the res >lution, by the honor-
ab'e member from Alabama, ictogn zed the foice
of those resolutions it was by virtüeof those
two )omt lesoluttons alone that one Congress had
the right to appoint a prmter lor the succeeding
one, ard the phiaseolngy proposed by Mr E
was the only phraseology tha' could consistently
be used He begged leave also to remind the
House that such was the nhraseology adopted ever
since the foimer joint lebolu'ion was adopted
The motion had always been madeand agieed to, ¡
tl at on such a day the House would pioceeu to
the election of a printer, under the authority of j
the jjint resolution of the 3d of March, 1819, and
to entitle the House todo so,on tne presen' occa j
sion, the same phraseology must he made use of
Gen'lemen had said on a former occasion, when
this subject came up mcidents'ly for considera-
tion, that the resolution of 1813 was tempciary
in i s natuie, and limited to two years. As en
answei to that, he could only say, tiiat it was '
never considered so, neither by the then nor by
the sucteednig Congresses, each of whom regarded
it as bn Jirg upon tnemselves and upon tl e suc-
ceeding Cong ess Even so lately as 15^9 the
Journals of the House show this, wherein it was
Stated that the House proceeded to the election of i
printer n obedience to the J'unt íesolufion of
1819, and this was the phiaseology foi several
years, after the adoption of that íesoluuon. 1 hen ,
if that íesoiution be m force, and had not been
repealed, «e derived tl e only aut'ionty we had to
choose a piintei for the next sess.on f.om these
two resolutions                                                            |
Then, as to ihe mode of£lecion,-v,hat was the
lang >tge of the resolution' That the appoint-
ment oí piintei shou'd '-e made by ballot, Now
the gentleman's íesoiution proposed to dispense
withtnatprovis.oiijbutMi E tlnughtoneportion j
of the resolution was as obligatory as another, and !
that as the authority urle"! which the appoint-
ment was made was deuvetl from the resolution
alone, the mode must be n the manner therein
laid down, and uiuU not be set aside It had
been alleged that the resolu'ion of 1819 was vir-
tually repelled or íescn.ded by that of 1823, but
how. could that be' The latter repealed only so
much of the foi meras v as inconsistent tilth it, and
vnnt was that' Win .ltlm tted ihetime to wi'h-
tn thnty (taj of the teim nalnn of the session,
and rtquued a majority instead of a plurality of
votes. These were the on! y alterations, and m all
other particulars the resolution of 1819 stood un-
repealed. The nature of the contract, the prices
to be paid, and the mode of appointment, were
unaffected
The next question that came up for considera-
tion was, whethei the printer was anofficer of the
House or not. Mr. E vreuld not go into this at
any length, but it was enough for the justification
of his own vote to say, that he did not consider
the printer an officer, within the meaning of that
clause in the Constitution giving each House the
right to appoint us officers, no more than the per-
son who supplied the House with stationery, or
fuel, or furniture. In Mr. E 's judgment, it stood
upon the same prmcip'e. Still, he thought with
the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr Robertson]
that there was much propriety in leaving to each
House to select its own printer, if it was practica-
ba But this could not be done But we had the
lessan of experience to show its impracticability,
in the report made to the Houseor. the3dMaicb,
1&19, the inconvenience of that mode was closely
and ably examined, and it was shown, by the ex-
perience of former years, that the woik was badly
executed, and often delayed so long beyond the
proper time, as to be useless when completed.
Mr E redd an extract from the report in ques-
tion, and showed that it would be impossible to
oe furnished with the requisite material, type?,
presses, &c , unless he was enabled to provide for
them befoiehand, by having been elected the
printer to 'he ensuing Congress He also adduced
one f ict to show the inconvenience of the mode
proposed by Mr. Rodeptson, that a document,
providing for the organization ot the War Depart-
ment, had been delayed upwards of a year in the
printing office, till the army itself became almost
in a state of disorganization He would have had
no objection that the subject should have been
committed to a select*commutee, as pioposed
some time since by a gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr Pevton,] and if any better mode than the
present or the former one could be devised, Mr.
E would cheerfully support it But let it be
examined by competent persons, conversant with
priming and public business He thought they
would be incurring great hazard by repealing the
joint resolution, oi altering the present mode m
any way, at this late hour At present, he be-
lieved the existing mode the best, at all events, be
was not assured that a better could be devised.
There were no complaints made.- The prices
were sufficiently low, and the work waspromptly
executed. At the second session oftheNineteenth
Congress, a printer, who had formerly had the
contract, sent a memorial to the House, offering to
do the work for fifteen per cent, under theexisting
tanft" of prices, but Congress was satisfied, and
refused to disturb the resolution fixing them.
These, then, were the reasons why he thought the
resolution should be amended as he had proposed.
In relation to the question of viva voce voting,
Mr E was decidedly opposed to it in this case,
because he thought they had no right to adopt it,
and because he was opposed to it in every elec-
tion for officers of that House, and on most other
occasions He knew it was a contested question,
and he had intended to have submitted some re-
marks on the subject when-the resolution of the
gentlemanfromlllmoisfMr. RETN0LDs]wasunder
consideis'ion He should now make but a few
lemarks on the subject. It had been advocated
there on the ground of the responsibility of mem-
bers to their constituents, who, it was contended,
ought to know the opinions and sentiments of
their representatives, but he would ask, how was
a man's op.mons and sentiments to be known
by his vote for officers of that House' Had not
the people opportunities enough, and better op-
portunities, of knowing the sentiments of their
representatives' in his judgment, they were to
be best judged by the public policy they advo-
cited and pmsued.and not by such votes as those.
Of what possible consequence could it be to the
peop'e of this country to know how their repre-
sentatives voted fir A, B, or C, as an officer of
the House' Resides, Mr C was opposed to it as
breaking down the independence of private judg-
ment, and the right of opinion in individual mem-
bers of the House, and making them, ot ¡endmg
to make them, subservient elsewheie     He was
226                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______           February 11,
much struck with a remark made by a gentleman
from Georgia, who said he thought the ballot very
proper for the people, because they were account-
able to no one. Mr E would undertake to say
that the principle of the ballot was never estab-
lished on that ground. It always stood on the
ground of personal independence, and such a rea-
son as that assigned by the gentleman, he ventured
to say, never entered into the head of any legis-
lator. Every reason, every argument, went to
show that it was established to secure the ngnt of
private judgment and independence. As to re-
sponsibility to constituents, Mi. E admitted as
fully as any one, and respected their wishes and
public opinion as much as anyone, but there was
a very greatdifference as to what constituted public
opinion It should be a calm, intelligent, delib-
erate judgment—not opinions got up and foiced
into ciioulauon by the intrigues of designing per-
sons. A gentleman from New York used a great
many phrases about the duties of the representa-
tive, that he was nothing more than the minion
of the people, and talked about the creature and
the creator, the principal and the agent. Why,
none of these phrases------
Mr. CROCKETT here called for the orders of
the day
Mr McKINLEY asked for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
The call for the ordeis of the day pievailed—
ayes 121.
NORTHWESTERN TERRITORY.
Mr LOVE, pursuanttonotice heretoforegiven,
moved to postpone all the previous orders of the
day, with a view to the consideration of the bill
establishing the Northwestern Terntoiy.
Mr. POLK inquired if the bill regulating the
deposites of the public moneys in the local banks,
and several other bills in íelation to the Bank of
the United States, did not «ccupy a position on the
docket in advance of the bill which the gentleman
from Kentucky had proposed to take up. It would
be recollected that he had given notice that he
would move to take up the bills refened to on thia
day
Mr. LOVE said that the bill which he proposed
to take up was, he conceived, of more importance
than the bill mentioned by the gentleman fiom
Tennessee, fMr. Polk ] It had been already so
long delayed that it was highly expedient, if it
was intended to act upon it at the present session,
that it should be now done.
Mr. DUNLAPsaid he hoped the House would
not agree to the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky. Much of the time of this House had
been spent in similar motions to change the older
of business. The Tennessee land b'll, in which
his constituents were immediately interested, was
made the special order of the day for the 17th of
December last, and it would be strange to his con-
stituents how it had happened the bill had not yet
been acted on by this House—it had been owing
to similar motions prevailing, and the order of
business thus changed. He was very desirous to
have the action of the House on the bill in which
his constituents were interested If the House
would refuse to entertain such motions, it would
be a great saving of time, and much more business
done; and the time spent in changing theoiderof
business would be devoted to the necessary busi-
ness of this House
Mr POLK referred to the importance of the
measures to which he had alluded; some of which'
were absolutely necessary to be acted on at the
present session.
The motion made by Mr LOVE was rejee'ed
Mr POLK then moved to postpone all the
orders of the day, for the purpose of considering
the several bills to which he had referred
Mr McKIM demanded the yeas and nays on
this motion, which weie ordered, and were—yeas
107, nays 95
, So the House determined to postpone the orders
of the day, including the business upon the
Speaker's table
DEPOSITE BANKS.
The House then, on motion of Mr POLK,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill regula-
ting the deposites of the public moneys in certain
local banks.   The bill was read
Mr. POLK said the bill just read was, in its
main principles, precisely similar to that passed
by the House at the last session of Congress, and
upon a careful review of its provisions, the com-
mittee have found but few points, in then judg-
ment, requiring revision or change. Mr P said
the whole country was then aware that the pies-
ent method of carrying on the financial concerns
of the Government was no longer to be continued,
and he went on to fahow that the mode adopted,
through the agency of State banks, had been done
promptly, safely, and without charge, not only
without the aid of the national bank, but against
the combined weight and influence of that institu-
tion, and in defiance of its attempts to cripple their
operations, to the advantage of the community,
and without embarrassment to the treasury Mr
P. also referred to, and quoted, many s'atements
to prove that the losses sustained by the country
had been double,or nearly double, from the Bank
of the United States, to what had occurred from
the local banks prior to the year 1816, and also to
prove that they would be safer depositories for
the public money Not only so, but they con
ducted the exchange at a less cost than the United
States Bank has ever done
[We hope to be enabled to give the remarks of
the honorable member in full, on an early day, but
the short time allowed would not permit our
reporter to give even a fair synopsis of a speech,
mainly consisting of close reasoning, sustained by
matteis of fact and arithmetic data ]
Mi GORDON submitted the following amend-
ment:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the Umttd Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That, from and after the              day of
in the year                                  , the
collectors of the public revenue at places where
the sums collected shall not exceed the sum of
dollars per annum,
shall be the agents of the treasurer to keep and
disburse the same, and be subject to such mies
and regulations, and give such bond and security,
as he shall prescribe, for the faithful execution of
their office, and shall receive, in addition to the
compensation now allowed by law,                   per
centum on the sums disbursed, so that it does not
exceed the sum of                                    dollars per
annum
Sec 2 Andbe itfmlhci enacted, That, at places
where the amount of public revenue collected
shall exceed the sum of                                 dollars
per annum, there shall be appointed by the Pres-
dent, by and with the atrvice and consent of the
Senate, receivers of the public íevenue, to be
agents of the Treasurer, who shall give such bond
and security to keep and disburse the public reve-
nue, and be subject to such rules and regulations,
as the treasuier shall prescribe, and shah receive
for their services                  per centum per annum
on the sums disbursed, provided it does not exceed
the sum of                                  dollars per annum.
Sec. 3 And be it fwitker enacted, lhat, from
and after the                day of                 , the whoie
revenue of the United States derived from customs,
lands, or other sources, shall be paid in the cur-
rent coins of the United States
Mi GORDON said the blanks were left to be
filled by the judgment of the House He had
submitted a similar proposition on a former occa-
sion He did so under the belief that the Gov-
ernment of the United States possessed no con-
stitutional power to make a Bank of the United
States. He also maintained that it was not in
accordance with the spnit of our institutions to
invest one man with the power of controlling the
disposal or keeping of the public revenue Such
a power he would place in the hands of no single
created being It certainly added too much to
the responsibilities of the Executive, which he
believed to be already too great This remark was
not intended to apply specially to the individual
now in the executive chair, to whose elevation he
had contributed the weight of his earnest exer-
tions. Mr G alluded to thegreat inequalities n
the distribution of the deposites of the public
treasure—thnteen millions being placed in the
State of New York alone, while the Ancient Do-
minion had but about $100,000 placed in her cus-
tody This reminded him of the fable of jEsop,
from which we learn what the lion's share u. He
wished to separate this Government from all con-
nection with banks and like institutions
Mr G continued to -advocate the amendment
at considerable length He concluded by appeal-
ing to his contemporaries to set the glonous ex-
ample of rather divesting themselves of power,
and placing it back in the hands of its legitimate
conseivators, the people, than seeking to swell its
tide by clinging to that which, at best, could only
be denominated constructive.
Mr MOORE moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word "that" to the
end of the second line of the fiist section of the
Lili, and mseit—
"The public money shall hereafter be deposited
' in the following banks, to wit
" The Merchants' Bank of Silem, the Bank of
' New London," &c (Here insert the names of
all the banks employed as deposite banks )
' Provided, That the said banks shall be willing
' to undeitake to do and perform the several duties
' and services, and conform to the conditions pre-
' scribed by this act "
Mr MOORE, under the belief that the Bank
of the United States would not be lechartered,
and no new bank created, was willing to aid in
perfecting the bill befuie the House. He was
opposed to leaving anything to the discretion of
the Secretary of theTreasmy-, and with this view
he thought it best to insert the names of the Lanka
in which the public money should be deposited.
This would prevent any undue influence in im-
portant elections, which might be exercised if the
selection of these banks was left to the executive
authority
Mr EWING had a substitute, which at the
proper time he would offer. He was opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
He proceeded to reply to the remaiks of the gen-
tleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Polk ] He would
be opposed to any amendment which might be
offered to the bill, except the substitute which he
should himself propose
Mr MOORE said, that upon the suggestion of
several members, he would withdraw his amend-
ment for the present, and would hereafter offer it
as an amendment to the original bill.
Mr EWING then offered his substitute in lieu
of the amendment proposed by Mr Gordon. It
contained twenty eight sections, and provided for
the appointment of commissioners in the several
States, to be styled " Boards of Currency," with
authority to issue bills or notes, &c
The SPEAKER decided this amendment out
of order, inasmuch as the tenth section made an
appropriation of $30,000 for the puipose of pro-
curing engravings, printing of notes, &c , which
would render it necessary that the bill should be
committed.
Mr EWING struck out the tenth section
of the bill, when the substitute was declared to be
in order.
Mr EWING addressed the House in favor of
his proposition, and concluded his remarks by
moving to refer the bill and amendments to a
select committee of one member from each State
The motion was negatived by a large majority.
Mr. EWING again addiessed the House m
favor of his substitute.
Mr. ROBERTSON next obtained the floor,
and after speaking some time on the various ques-
tions presented by the bill, and in opposition to
its provisions and the views of the Secretary of
the Tteasury on the subject of the disposition of'
the public moneys, he gave way—without con-
cluding his remarks—to a motion by Mr WISE
for an adjournment, which carried.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Febiuarij 11, 1835
Petitions and memcials were piesented by
Messrs EWING, SHEPLEY, WRIGHT, Mc-
KEAN, TOViLINSON, and BUCHANAN
Mr. TOML1NSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was íeferied the resolutions
of the Legislature of Alabama, praying the estab-
lishment of another pension agency in that State,
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported unfavorably upon the same, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, made some opposi-
tion to discharging thecomtruttee; and, at his sug-
gestion, the motion was laid on the table for the
present.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the petition
of the representatives of James Parkinson, de-
ceased, leported unfavorably upon the same.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill making an
appropriation to repair certain roads in the Ter-
ritory of Michigan.
Mr. W AGO A MAN, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced abill to establish a daily
mail between Macon, Georgia, and New Orleans;
which was read twice and referred to the Post
Office Committee
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee*on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Augustus
A. Nicholson, which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bill from the House for
the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull, reported the
same, with an amendment
The bill to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions, which was returned amended by the
House of Representatives, was taken up, and the
bill and amendment were referred to the Com-
m.ttee on Pensions.
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported unfavorably upon the memorial of Wil-
liam Clark
Mr. PRESTON, from the same committee, to
which was referred the joint resolution to repeal
the joint resolution prescribing the mode of elect-
ing the public printers to Congress, reported un-
favorably upon the same, and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of both
these subjects.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. SHEP-
LEY, was read twice by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause the surveys and rr.aps made in the State
of Maine, under the direction of Colonel J S
Abert, to be communicated to the Senate; and
that he cause the maps to be reduced, if necessary,
to prepare them for publication.
HOUbE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House, were read
twice and appropuately referred:
A bill for the removal of the land office from
Wapaghanetta to Lima, in the State of Ohio,
A bill to authorize the sale of certain lands be-
longing to the University of Michigan;
A bill prescribing the punishment of consuls,
commercial agents, and others, in certain cases;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Mervm P.
Mix;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Butler;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Swain;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Pollard;
A bill for the relief of Sutton Stevens;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon and Co ,
of Jiew York,
A bill for the relief of Job Burton;
A ¿ill for the relief of SamtH H. Doxey;
A bill for the relief of John Heinck;
A bill for the relief of Job Wood;
A bill for the relief of David Kmcaid;
A bill for the íehef of Stephen Smith and
others;
A bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and the
heirs of James Abbott, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Matthew C. Perry,
A bill for the relief of E R. Shubnck, of the
United States Navy.
A bill for the relief of Riddle, Becktel, and
others:
A bill for the relief of John J. Avery;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Gatlin;
A bill for the relief of Theodore Owens;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Clements, deceased.
2j£T
A bill for the relief of S. M. Wall and H. Per-
cival;
A bill for the relief of Shubael Conant;
A bill for the relief of the legal representative of
Aaron Smith;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ball;
A bill for the relief of Richard H. Lee;
A biH for the relief of Ebenezer Breed;
A bill for the relief of George Davenport;
A bill for the relief of Richard Butman;
A b,ll for the relief of John Frazer & Co.;
A bill for the benefit of John Cullms;
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds and
John Casey;
A bill for the relief of Josiah Westlake;
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Janvier;
A bill for the relief of Josiah H. Brown and
John Conkin;
A bill to restore to certain invalid pensioners
the amount of pension by them relinquished;
A bill amendatory of the act for the repair of
the Cumberland road; and
A bill making provision for the purchase of a
fac simile of Geneial Washington's accounts.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion of Mr HENDRiCKS, the Senate
postponed the previous orders, and took up the
bill making an appropriation for the continuation
and repau of ihe Cumberland road.
Mr. H. then moved an amendment to the bill,
allowu g a percentage to the officer who shall dis-
burse the appropriation, the amount to be settled
by the rules and regulations of tne War Depart-
ment.
After some remarks from Mi. HENDRICKS,
explanatory thereof, and also of the bill,
Mr. CLAY opposed the amendment, and
Mr. HENDRICKS afterwards withdrew it
Mr. BUCHANAN said that the Cumberland
road had been a constant subject before Congress
ever since he had first taken his seat in the House
of Representatives, in the session of 1821-2     A
bill had- passed at that session to Keep it in repair,
by establishing toll gates upon it, under the au-
thority okCoogress, on which Mr. Monroe, then
the President of the United States, had placed his
veto, because, in his opinion, Congress had not
j the power, under the Constitution, to enact such
a law.    He (Mr. B ) had then carefully examined
the message of Mr. Monroe returning this bill,
and had been convinced that we had no power to
pass <my such act.    Fiom that moment he had
| steadily and unifoimly, m every shape and form,
oppo'sed the erection of toll gates upon this road
under the authority of the Gereral Government. '
I If Congress possess the power to enter the teiu- |
tory of a State; to interfere in their domestic con- ¡
cerns; to erect toll gates upon  their roads;  to |
establish a police over them and inflict penalties I
' for its violations, and of consequence to create
tribunals in which such offences can be tried— 1
I then every bariier between Fedeial and S^ate i
I authoiityis at once prostiated. Indeed,this pun- ,
| ciple would lead to perfect consolidation, so far I
i as an entnejunsd etion over the post roads of the
country, for the purpose of levying tolls to keep
them m repair, could extend                        .        !
I     In this state of things, there was one party in
Congress, which,although favorableto the preser- ,
vation of the road, felt themselves bound to vote
, against all appropnalions for its lepair, on the
' principle of compelling its friends to consent that
' tolls for tins purpose should belev.ed under the
authouty of the States through which it passes
Another party wished that it might oe foiever
kept in repair by appropriations from the national
Tieasury, without the collection of tolls, either
under the State or National authority   Andath-rd
class of politicians were determined to push the
doctnne of internal improvements to the-danger-
ous extent of abolishing the principle that Con-
gress not only possessed the power to appropriate
money for the construction of roads*and canals, (
but that they were also bound to assume a juris- |
diction over them, by electing gates upon them, i
and collecting toll.
In regard to myself, I have been more misrep- |
resented noon this question than I ever have been
on any other.    I have been constantly denounced
aj an enemy to the load, although I have never I
en'ertamed a hostile feeling towards it. Jealousy 
towards thisgieat national woik, because it might
injure the Pennsylvania turnpike, has always been
imputed to me; when, if I know myself, 1 am
incapable of such a feeling towards such an im-
provement—so beneficial to the citizens of the
country geneially.
For several years I voted for appropriations to
repair this road; and I did not cease to do so until
I discovered that, if this course were continued,
the peculiar friends of the road never would con-
sent to the erection of toll gates under State
au'honty.
In this conflict of opinions the necessary appro-
priations could not be obtained for the repairs of
the road It got into a ruinous state, and became
so dilapidated that its entire destruction was threat-
ened At length its fnendsconsented that «should
be placed under the protection of the States.
Accordingly, Pennsylvania, in April, 1831, and
I Maryland, in January, 1832, passed acts author-
izing the erection of toll gales upon it, and agreed
to take it under their care, provided it " should be
put m a good and complete state of repair" by
appropriations made by Congress. Virginia some
time afterwards passed a similar act. On the 3d
July, 1832, Congress approved of these acts,and
appropuated $150,000 towards the repairs of this
road.
Heie, then, was a contract expressly and sol-
emnly entered into, first, that the road should be
placed in good and complete repair by Gongress,
and then, that it should pass under the care of the
States, for the purpose of its preservation.
In pursuance of this arrangement, the engineer
department adopted a plan foi its complete repair.
Tne road was to be macadam ¿ed. There were
to be three strata of stone placed upon it, each of
three inches in depth. The repairs proceeded upon
this pi inciple. On the 2d March, 1833, $125,000'
moie was appropriated to continue these repairs.
At the last session an estimate was presented by
the engineer department, stating that the sum of
§652,100 would be required to finish the road;
| i but Congress refused to appropriate more than
11 §300,000 for this purpose, less than half the
¡I necessary sum. The act granting this money
also declared that it was given "for the entire
completion of the repaus of the Cumberland road
east of the Ohio."
What have been the consequences?   Just such
j' as might have been anticipated by every reflecting
'  man     The engineer department had adopted a
i' fixed plan for repairing the road.    This plan they
ll had steadily pursued fortwo years. Itwasknown,
'i or might have been known, to Congress.   They
11 were progressing gradually opon this plan, when
11 all at once, without any previous notice, Congress
I changed this plan by granting less than half the
I  money necessary to complete its execution. What
I was then to be done'   It became necessary for
i ¡ the engineer to abandon his system and spread
ii this appropriation over the whole road.    He has
J done so, and the result is, that on aboutsixty-three
I' miles of the road—nearly half its whole length—
i instead of three strata of three inches m depth
each, there is now but one.    Is there any Senator
I  who does not know not only that this is insuffi-
cient for a permanent road, but that the moment
, the spring opens, it will be cut to pieces by the
heavy wagons and carriages *   The metal, as it is
technically called, will be all in the mud, and by
the fatality which has always attended this road,
the last appropriation, of §300,000, will be ren-
dered almost entnely useless
!     But, sir, the States through which it passes have
only agreed to take this road off your hands on
thecondttion that you sha'l first put it in good and.
complete repair; and you have assented to these
terms.    Does any gentleman imagine for a single
mo.nent that the State of Pennsylvania will ac-
cept this road ¡n its present condition'   is it in
good and complete repair, according to the terms
of the contract    Your own engineers answer no,
and inform you that it will require the sum of
$346,186 58 to complete the repairs agreeably to
the system which they have adopted, and which
they deem  indispensable.    This sum, you will
have to appropiiate for the purpose; or you will
be compelled to keep the load in repair by an-
nual appropriations, a course which I presume no
228________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                        February 11,
Senator intends to adopt as a permanent system
There is no other alternative, unless you devote
the road itself to destiuction. This idea no gen
tleman can one moment entertain The erection
of toil gates under the authority of Congress is
now out of the question
But it is said that the sum of $300,000 was
appropriated at the last ses&ion tor the entire
completion of the repairs of this road, and that
more ought not now to be demanded Is theie
any force in this argument5 In settling an account
with individuals, where the claimant is an oppo-
sing party, is it very proper for Congiesslo say
that the sum appropriated shall be in full of all
demands' Unless in very extraordinary cases, I
should never vote to reopen such an account and
grant a new appropriation But what is the s'ate
of facts upon the present occasion' Does not
this road belong to the United States' Are we
not bound by high principles of public duty to
keep it in repair' Here is no opposite ptuty
with whom we can drive a bargain. It is our
own road, and if we have not appropriated a
sufficient sum fonts repair, shall wesuffei it to go
to ruin, because we made a mistake in regard to
the amount necessary' If the simple declaration
of Congress, that $31)0,000 was sufficient, could
have rendered it so, then there might be some
justice in this reasoning, otherwise it is a mere
fallacy If, after having granted a certain sum,
which was found by experience to be wholly
insufficient to complete one of our fortifications,
what should we say to a gentleman who would
gravely contend that, as we had declared this sum
should accomplish the object, we would rather
permit it to go to rum than appropiiate another
dollar The cases are piecisely parallel But
this is not all Congress has contracted an obh
gation to the States through which this road
passes to put it in good and complete repair, how
can they acquit themselves from this obligation by
urging that they had appropriated a sum which
they .declared to be sufficient for this purpose,
and they could not, and would not, appropriate
any more'   The States thiough which the road
Easses would have a right to say, this was not the
argam; your mistake cannot justify the viola-
tion of your contract, you have agreed to accom-
plish a specific object, and cost what it may, this
object must be accomplished, or we shall not accept
the surrender of the road
The commissioners appointed under the act of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania have pledged
themselves in the most solemn manner to accept
the load, and erect toll gates upon it, as soon as
Congress shall appropriate the sum deemed neces-
sary by the engineer department to put it in re-
pair That sum is granted by this bill Pass it,
and I will undertake to say for Pennsylvania that
this perplexing question, which has so often and
for so many years agitated Congress, will be put
forever at rest You will nevei more hear of this
road, unless it be that it has been preserved and
protected with that fostering care which Pennsyl-
vania exercises over all interests in which eithei
the citizens of the State or of the Union are deeply
corc^rned
Mr. PRESTON said he was tired of making
these repeated appropriations, again and again,
for an object which he believed was originally
unconstitutional He was disposed to vote some
thing to get rid of this incubus u pon the Treasury,
if it was possible to effect it, but he was by no
means satisfied that this appiopnation would en-
able us to get it off our hands He did not know
or understand by what new lights gentlemen were
governed heretofore upon this matter, but he
would now ask the honorable chairman whether
lie would use in his place and say that the appro-
priation asked for would be sufficient to put the
road in repair ' For himself, he did not think it
would, but that applications would yet be made
for the same purpose, year after j ear We could
not get rid of the road in any way, neither by
selling it, giving it away, or losing it These
States would not take the road, or maintain it,
beeause it was left to their own judgments to say
whether it was in repair or not
Mr EWING contended that the resetvation of
the two per cent fund to the new States, of which
Ohio was one, was by a compact made in 1802,
and was expressly for the purpose of making
roads This road was made by these funds, and
yet the gentleman from South Carolina said that
expenditures had been made to the road again
and again Could the load (he asked) be main-
tained but by appropriations' If it passed thiough
a rich country, it might be repaired by the popu'a-
tion, but it passed, in great part, over mountains
and through wildernesses, and must necessarily
get out of ordei The gentleman said that nenher
of the States would maintain it, but the States
had agreed to take it when it was put into com-
plete repan This never had oeen done, and they
could not be expected to take it, and maintain it
when it was worn out Ohio had already ex-
pended large sums m repamng it, and if this sum
should be expended, he had infoimation that no
further appropnation would heieafter be asked for
from Congress for the purpose.
Mr BUCHANAN rose to say but one or two
words He did not know to whom the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina alluded by the
new lights which, he said, had influenced gentle-
men Ceitainly he could not have meant him, foi
no new light had burst on his vision since 1822
Whether that gentleman had seen any himself
since that period ,*he would not pretend to say,
but from the session of 1822-'23, he (Mi B ) bad
been uniform, zealous, and consistent in his oppo-
sition to all the attempts which had been made to
establish toll gates on this road by Congress He
had at length, much against his inclination, voted
in opposition to appropriations for its repair, in
order to compel its friends to apply to the States
to erect toll gates upon it He thought, ftom the
tenor of the honorable gentleman's lemaiks, he
had not read the documents in this case with
much care He would mqune of the gentleman,
candidly, would South Carolina, under similai
circumstances, take this road under her charge,
and agree to keep it in repair, when it was in such
a condition that it must go to ruin, unless $340,000
should be expended upon it' Could he expect
Pennsylvania to take the road, when the officers
of this Government declared that it was not in
repair' Six hundred and fifty-two thousand dol-
lars was the sum asked for at the last session,
§300,000 of which only had been granted It was
the mere balance of the former sum which was
now asked, and, if it was appropriated, he for
one was willing to pledge himself he would nevet
vote for a single dollar more for the purpose
With respect to the special terms in which the
appropriation of last session was made, he would
ask the gentleman, suppose he were building a
house, and he should give a specific sum of money
to his agent for its completion, and declaie this
was sufficient, and it should afterwards appear
that it was entuely insufficient foi the purpose,
would he allow it to remain useless, and go to
decay, or would he advance an additional sum to
finish it' Either we must abandon this road to
rum, or we shall be obliged to make a much
greater appropriation at the next session, if this
be now refused
Mr PRESTON contended that it was for a
Pennsylvania road we were making this appro-
priation, it was not for our house, it was not our
road, and if there was this gieat amount of travel-
ling on it which gentlemen said, it proved its
value, and that the States in which it laid might
derive an income from it He supposed the hon-
orable gentleman fiom Pennsylvania never enter-
tained but one opinion upon these matters, but
the gentlemen with whom he usually acted enter-
tained different opinions as to the power of Con-
gress to establish toll gates on th"6 road He made
no opposition, however, to the appropriation west
of the Ohio He therefore moved to amend the i
bill by striking out the second and third sections,
upon which motion he asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
[The second section appropriates $346,000 to
the repairs ofrthe road east of the Ohio
The third section provides that when the road
shall be completed, it shall be surrendered to the
States in which it lies ]
Mr WEBSTER said, if he had the same con    I
stitutional scruples with regard to the power of the
United States to construct roads, as the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Pueston,] he should
reason in the same manner and come to the same
results But he had no doubt on that subject
And moreover, the Cumberland road was of more
general mteiest, and less, local in Us natuie, than
most subjects that had been objected to as uncon-
stitutional
There were (bald Mr W ) two objects em-
biaced in the bill One to cany forward the road
beyond the Ohio liver and extend it to the new
States m the we&t—the other, to appropriate
$350,000 for íepairs on this side of that river, in
older to put it in a condition to induce the States
I to accept it and keep it in lepair Aftei the enor-
mous expense the Government had incurred in
! constructing the road, Mr W contended it should
j be preserved He agieed foi the most pait with
I the honorable Senator fiom Pernsylvama, [Mr
Bucha\a\ ] He understood, by the provis,ons
of the bill, that the States to which it would be
surrendered, were bound to apply the revenues
of the tolls solely to the repairs of the road He
was in favor at the last session of appropiiatmg
$600,000 for these repairs, but the other House
thought otherwise Consequently the bill was
amended by changing the sum fiom $600,000 to
$300,000 He was in favor of appropriating the
full sum at that time, and then have the road
finished
Mr CLAY said he should vote for the bill He
felt an imperative duty to preserve what was
already done on the road, and prevent the whole
from being lost He did not, however, agree with
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr Ewmg,]
that the Government was pledged to continue
the repairs of the road, because a share in the
incomes of public lands had been granted in lieu
thereof He contended that the power to con-
struct a load implied a power to preserve it, and
the best way to pi eserve it was to erect toll gates
and apply the income to that object He theie-
fore saw no objection to setting up toll gates un-
der the authority of the United States lie had
not stood alone in that opinion, a large majority of
the Senate concuired with him at that time His
opinions were still the same, and he still believed
the power existed in the Constitution, but the
expediency of resoiting to it wat, guarded by
popular opinion Heconsidered that road a great
national object, a great national thoroughfare for
all the States He contended against the propri-
ety of surrendering the road to the States It was
giving the privileges of the nation away to com-
munities whose interest was distinct, who had no
sympathies, no common feelings, with the rest
We migbt as well surrender the care of the Mint
or any public works, to individual States, as that
road He felt compelled to vote for the bill Times
had changed' He had seen the bank, internal
improvements, and other great national objects,
compelled, of late, to march to the right or left,
according to the will of those high in authority.
Mr WRIGHT did not rise, he said, to debate
the bill. He only wished for some modifications,
as the bill was, he saw no prospect of getting rid
of the road, there was no surety that the same
demand would not be made again next year
Mr HILL said he had the bill before him as it
came from the House last year He did not
believe another dollar should be expended The
bill was passed at the last session with the under-
standing that it was the last expenditure that
would be asked for But there it was again, and
no security against still further demands It was
contended that the sum was not sufficient—when
would it be sufficient' Millions had already been
expended upon this expensive undertaking and
he saw no end to the prodigality and waste of the
public treasures He for one could not vote for
any appropriation under such circumstances.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he did not rise to say
another word on the merits of this appropriation,
but merely to make a brief reply to the Senator
from Kentucky He found himself between two
fires from opposite sides of the Senate "W hilst
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr Preston]
thinks I go too far in favor of internal lmpnne-
ments, the gentleman from Kentucky blames me
for not going far enough. On this subject they
are the opposite extremes For his own part,
between the two, he should adopt the maxim, "in
medio tutisstmus zbts."   Heshould certainly follow
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
this advice for the regulation of his own conduct. , the road should pass through the public lands he
The safest course, in hia opinion, lay between the i «...  «™.ii:-----v.-   ...   .  .?   .     .K"."1, ittnas> ne
extremes.
He did not intend to argue the question; but he !
would say to the gentleman from Kentucky, that i
he (Mr. B.) could see a vast difference between
the simple power of appropriating money for the
constructions of roads, and that of exerciswgjuris-
diction over them after they had been completed.
An incidental power cannot transcend its princi-
pal; the stream cannot rise higher than its fountain;
and it does not by any means follow that the
mere power of appropriation for internal improve-
ments, involves that of entering the territories of
the States, erecting toll-gates upon the roads, and j
levying tolls from passengers.   The existence of |
the one power cannot be inferred from that of the ¡'
other.   To give money is one thing; but to exer- j
cise jurisdiction  is another, and a very different I
affair.    There is no necessary connection between I
[he two.                                                                         j
in relation to the remark of the gentleman, that j
whole communities had changed their opinions I
upon an important subject within the last few j
years, he liad only to say, that if they had done ¡
so, sufficient reasons might be adduced to justify i
this change. He was not among the number him- j
self who had thus changed; but if he had been, he I
could readily conceive why any gentleman might ;
have been of" one opinion at the period alluded to ;
by the gentleman, and of a very different opinion I
after the disclosures which had since been made,   i
Mr. B. said he entertained now, as he ever had ;
done, feelings of the greatest respect for the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and none of his (Mr. B.'s)
remarks were made in any unload spirit.
Some further remarks were made by Messrs.
CLAY,   WRIGHT,  and  KING of Alabama,
was unwilling tha. the bill should be engrossed
until time was given to examine into the subject.
Mr   McKIM was surprised at the objection
raised by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Pakker.]   He was not himself personally inter-
ested in this work; he did not own a share of its
stock, or did he desire any, because he did not
believe that it would be profitable.   The public
were, however, deeply interested in the comple-
tion of this work.   He was authorized by the
president of the railroad company to say, that if
no difficulty was thrown in the way by Congress,
the road would be completed to this city by the
4.h of July next,    if this bill was not passed, the
road must stop at the line of this District.    This
would subject the public to considerable additional
expense in travelling and transportation between
this city and the point at which the railroad would
terminate.   The directors of the railroad com-
pany had visited this place, and had come to a
; perfect understanding with the mayor and city
| authorities on the subject.   It had been arranged
I that the road should pass along the valley of the
j Tiber.   The land over which it would pass was
i worth but little, and the company were pledged
j to pay any damages which might be assessed by
j a jury, in consequence of the proposed location of
the railroad.   Tnere was no inok intended.    He
I repeated that great advantages would result to the
j public by the completion of this improvement,
i It woujd enable travellers to passbetweenthecities
I of Baltimore and Washington in two hours; and
| as no injury would result to any one, he trusted
! that all objection wouid be withdrawn, and the bill
' be permitted to progress.
i     Mr. PARKER could notsee why thegentleman
; from Maryland should be surprised that he (Mr.
when Mr. K. submitted an* amendment, which, if :  P.) was not. piepaied to vote on a bill which he
adopted, he said, would remove his objection to
the third section.    If not, he should feel it hw '
duty to vote for striking out.                                    j
The amendment was, " that before any portion j
of the appropriation shall be expended upon the :
road, the same shall be surrendered to the States '
through which it passes."                                         I
Mr. HENDRICKS having made no objection '
to the amendment, it was agreed to.                         ;
The question being on Mr. Preston's mo- '
tion to strike out, it was determined m the nega- ¡
tive—yeas 14, nays 3'2, as follows:                          j
YEAS—Messrs. Black,Crown,Calhoun, Cuth- i
bert, Hill, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, J
Moore, Preston, fluggles,£hepley, Tyler, White !
—14.                                                                              ]
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Buchanan, :
Clay, Ewing, Fielmghuysen, Goldsborough,
Grundy, ilendncks, Kane, Kent, King of Ala- :
bama, Kni^h', Linn, McKean, Morris, Naudain, '
Poi .dexter, Porter, Piemiss, Robbins, Robinson, ¡
Siisbee, Smith, Soutnard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tip- '
ton, Tomlineon, Wugguman, Webster, Wright
-32.
Mr. HILL then moved to reduce the appro-
priation to the road in Ohio from §200,000 to
$100,000; which was disagreed to.
Tne bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendments concurred in, and the bill wasoitlered
to be engrossed for a thirj reading.
On motion of Mr. KANE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration ot executive business; and
when the doors were opened,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.          :'•
\V£ds;;siiiy, J-Yonnira 11, ]?33.
Mr. MA RIMS, on Lave, presented a petition;
winch was referred.
Mr. CHIN?;, from the Committee on the Dis-
tri'-t of Columbia, repotted a bill in relation to the
extension of the lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Onio railroad ih-ougli Ihe Distnctto the City
of Washington; which was lead twice.
Mr. CU'lNN moved that the bill be ordered to
be engrossed.
Mr. PARKER said that this appeared to be a
bill in i elation to a contract, and if an errorshouid
be committed, it might be difficult to correct it
after the passage of the b.ll. However important
the meagre miiiu be, sull, as it was intended that
did not undeistand. He did not believe that any
trick was intended by the bill. He thought it
improper that a bill of such importance should be
hurried through the House, with so little con-
sideration. If it was supposed that the measure
must fail if the bill was not ordered to be engrossed
to-day, he would ask what would become of the
various important bills which were not yet acted
on? The same argument would equally apply to
other measures, lie saw no reason for such
haste upon this particular bill. He thought it
had better be postponed for a few days, in order
to afford time to look into its provisions.
Mr. CH1NN remarked that the public interest
¡j was not involved, or compromtied, by the provis-
i1 ions of the bill.
;i Mr. PARKER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until Monday next, and
; that it be printed; which was agreed to.
'!              REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
; Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Pubiic Lands, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate, extending the time for enter-
in  back lands in the State of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the bill was read
a third time and passed.
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, from the Committee
1 on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill to pro-
• vide for paying certain pensionéis at Jackson, in
1 the State of Tennessee; winch was read twice and
ordered to be engiosseü.                                            I
Unfavorable reports were made by Mr. GREN- |
NELL, from the Committee un Indian Affairs, j
and Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the ¡
Judiciary.                                                                   |
!     Mr. GAMBLE moved to take up and consider j
a resolution heretofore offered by him, calling on ¡
the Secretary of the Treasury lor a plan for the j
' keeping and disbursement of the public moneys,
without the agency of a bank or banks.                   I
The motion being objected to Mr. GAMBLE j
moved to suspend the rule of the House, in order '
that he might attain bis oPject; winch was nega-
tived.                             •
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill further to define and pun-
' ish the forging and counterfeiting of consular and ;
other certificates; which was reaü twice, and atter I
a few remarks by Messrs. FOSTER and FILL- j
MORE,                                                                       I
Mr. McKtNLEYaaid, as the bill seemed likely ¡
to lead to a discussion, which would interfere with
the usual morning business, he would move to
postpone its further consideration to Monday
next; which was agreed to—yeas 82, nays 46.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported,the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the judiciary
be discharged from the further consideration of
that part of the President's message which re-
lates to the extension, of the judiciary system of
the united States, and of the bill from the House
of Representatives,.to amend the judiciary system
of the United States, it being manifest that the time
to elapse before the constitutional termination of
the present Congress is insufficient to mature and
pass any law on the subject, to which the message
and bill refer.
Mr. POSTER said that the resolution had been
reported at the instance of a majority of the com-
mittee. Entertaining different views himself, he
would move-to amend the resolution by substitu-
ting the following:
Strike out all after the word " Resolved," and
insert, " That the Committee on the Judiciary, to
' whom was referred that part of the President's
' message which relates to an extension of the ju-
' dicial system of the United States, be instructed
' to report a bill, by which the benefits of said sys-
' may be equally extended to all the States of the
'Union."
Mr. POSTER remarked that the reason assigned
in the resolution of the majority, that there was
not sufficient time to mature a bill on the subject
referred to, he considered insufficient. A bill had
been prepared by the committee, which he believed
could be matured and acted on by the House
duringthepresentsession. It was not calculated to
elicit debate. The time had arrived when every one
must see, if we are to have a judicial system at
all, it should be general. If there was a necessity
for circuit courts in the Atlantic States, they were
equally necessary in the new States. This was
the only question tobe decided. He considered
it improper, after the committee had proposed a
bill, they should ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject, merely be-
cause they were apprehensive that the House
would not have time to act upon it.  *
Mr. HARDÍN had the honor to belong to the
Committee on the Judiciary. At the last session
a bill was reported for the extension of the judi-
ciary system, which proposed to increase the num-
ber of the Justices of the Supreme Court from
seven to nine. Another bill had been reported
by the committee at the present session, which
did not increase the number of the judges, but
divided the several States into circuits,,to which
the present judges were assigned, and they were
required to hold but one term in tach year. For
his own part, he was not entirely satisfied with
either measure. The bills were recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Owing to some
embarrassments on the subject, the committee had
come to the determination to report the resolution
now under consideration. There was not sufficient
time to discuss and mature this measure at this
late period of the session. Only seventeen par-
liamentary days remained for the transaction of
business, and there were four or five hundred bills
on the docket unacted on, and some of them of
an important character. He considered it impos-
sible that the subject of the judiciary system could
betaken up and examined in all its bearings during
the present session. It was the practice for com-
mittees, near the close of a session, to ask to be
discharged fiom the consideration of subjects,
when, in their opinion, there was not sufficient
time to act on them. He concluded by moving to
ay the resolution and amendments on the table.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, hoped the gen-
tleman would withdraw the motion. He would
move the previous question, if this should be done,
in order that a direct vote might be had on the
resolution. A vote to lay on the table would be
an equivocal one.
Mr. HARDIN" said he would withdraw his
motion, provided any gentleman desired to make a
speech, but not otherwise.
Mr. FOSTER inquired of the Chair whether
if the resolution to discharge the committee from
280                ____________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________    February J J,
the further consideration of the subject was laid
on the table, it would not be incumbent on the
committee to continue their investigations of the
subject '
The SPEAKER replied, that if-the motion to
lay the subject on the table prevailed, it would be
equivalent to a discharge of tile committee from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. GARLAND hoped that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] would withdraw his mo-
tion, and permit the members from the new States,
who were more particularly interested in the sub-
ject, to give their views.
Mr. HARDIN reminded the gentleman that he
had stated that if any gentleman desired to make a
speech, he would withdraw the motion. Mr. H.
then withdrew his motion to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. GARLAND hoped that the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee [Mi. Poster] would be adopted. The
President of the United States, m several succes-
sive messages, had urged this" subject upon the ¡
attention of Congress. It was well known that ]
several of the new States did not enjoy the same
privileges, as regarded the judicial system, which
had been extended to the other States. lie asked
whether the House would, when a bill had been
prepared on the subject, permit the committee to
withhold it, because it might suppose that there
was not time to act upon it' Was. it not proper
that an attempt, at least, should be made to pass
some bill on this subject at the present sess'on'
It was certainly due to the importance of the ques-
tion, ard to the new States, that the subject
should be acted upon at the earliest practicable
period He could not believe that this House
would be disposed to withhold those rights and
privileges from the new, which were enjoyed by
the old States He desned that a direct vote
should be taken on the resolution, and agreed with
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,]
that a vote to lay the subject on the table, would
be an equivocal one.
Mr McKINLEY feltas much sohcitudeas any
other member, that some bill on this subject
should receive the sanction of Congress. The
subject had, however, from time to time, been
brought up, without any apparent disposition to
do anything with it. Was it expected, under
such circumstances, that anything would be gained
by discussing the sub)ect at this late period of the
session. He was desirous that thejudicial system
should be extended to the new States This
should be done upon due dehbeiation. He was
not satisfied with the bill which had been pio-
posed. He was moreover opposed to wasting
unnecessarily the time of the House, when it was
impossible that the subject could be matuied and
disposed of at the present session.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, next rose to ad-
diess the House, but'immediately after he had
commenced his remarks,
Mr WATMOUGH moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the orders of the day;
which was agreed to—ayes 122, noes not counted.
DEPOSITE BANKS.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
regulating the deposite of the public moneys in
certain local banks.
Mr   ROBERTSON  continued the argument
commenced by him yeste day, in opposition to
the bill lntiodueed by the Committee of Ways
and Means.    His object, he said, was to show
that the experiment, as it had been termed, had !
proved unsuccessful, not having answered the pur- I
pose contemplated in taking charge of and dis-
bursing the public revenue—that a hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum were sunk and lost to the
Government by the employment of State banks for
the public deposites     Such being the case, in a
state of profound peace, he asked what might be
expected  m  the emergency of war, which we
might perhaps look to as probable at no very dis-
tant day ' The local banks he considered as pecu-1
liarly liable to be affected by the casualties and
Circumstances of the times.    Under the present
system, too, they would spring up with every |
custom-house and land office.    Hostilities would ¡
be engendered between the favored banks of the ,
Government and the others, which would require
the aid of the latter to sustain, with the force of
its power and patronage, the'banks selected as its
fiscal agents They would thus become the crea-
tures ot the Government, dependent on it for their
very existence. Jealousies would also arise be-
tween tne favored institutions themselves—one
believing another to have too large a share of
executive or governmental favor To regulate
alt these conflicting interests the office of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would be totally changed
in us character, and that officer be required to
possess more than the financial talents of a Roths-
child or a Baring. Instead of filling the office with
four different individuals in one yeai, it would be
essential that he should have spent a life in the
acquirement of the knowledge—that he should be
tramed up to all the arts of finanueung. He
alluded to the amount of deposites in tne State of
New York. He rejoiced, he said, in the giowing
prosperity of that great State He did not believe
it her wish to "retain an undue share of the public
treasure Her natural advantages weie quitesuf
ficient without the addition of such extraneous
ones. The State from which he came did notlook
with jealousy on the prosperity of any portion of
our great and happy country. She beheld with
pleasure the rapid advances of the western Stales;
and it was gratifying to behold on that flooi the
representatives of a great, giowing, fiee and intel-
ligent people, and he should not represent the
people of Vnginia, if he did not express that sen-
timent. After some further observations on the
commercial impoitance and power of New York,
Mr. R. alluded to the system of retrenchment
which had been so long called for by the people
of the country. That this system was not more
closely adhered to, he was aware, was not so
essentially the fault of the Executive branch of
Government as that of the Legislature. On Con-
gress rested the responsibility of ensuring retrench-
ment. He was anxious to see the Government
biought back to its ougmal purity, and he had
the light to call on the ft lends of the Administra-
tion to go with him on this gieat question He
concluded by expiessmgahopethat the bill would
be recommitted to the committee, with instructions
to reporta project dispensing with the useof banks
as fiscal agents of the Government.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied at first to the
remarks ot Mr Gordon, who spoke yesterday,
and defended the course of the Executive fiom the
chaiges made by that gentleman against him. A
gentleman said that, undei the new system, New
irork enjoyed a larger portion of the public reve-
nue than any other city, that she enjoyed the lion's
shaie It was hue, she did—but she bore the
hon 's shai e of the burden New York was a loser
by the new system, because, puor to it great use
was made of the public money by the merchants
of New Yoik. Much had been said of the inability
of the local banks to collect, disburse, and distrib-
ute the public revenue, but he was at a loss to
see how they weie unable to disbuise twenty mil-
lions, when a single bank had distributed and
disbursed its thousands of millions. He hoped,
however, the time would come when the country
would be enabled to dispense with the agency of
any and every bank whatsoever At present, it
could not be done. Mr C deeply regretted that,
in a question of this matter, things altogethei foreign
to it had been introduced. The Executive, in
directing the remo\al of the deposites, w.as said
to have usurped the purse and the sword, had
gentlemen forgotten the act of 31st Match, 1809'
He had hoped the long contest of last year, in
which the very ties of society were involved, and
oui friendships and affections broken, would not
have been renewed He had hoped that, after the
general battle of last year, strife would have been
at an end, but it seemed we were to have a guerrilla
war; he trusted it would be conducted with less
violence than heretofore.
Much had been said about executive patronage,
and that the majotity of the House of Representa-
tives were seen on the side of power. He would
appeal to the candor of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Gordon,] an old member of that
House, to say at what period in the history of the
last twenty years he had ever seen the majority
of the House of Representatives like the present,
standing by the Constitution, or moie faithful to
their constituents. Mr. C. had been a member of
the House for fourteen years, and he had never
seen a republican majority standing by the Con-
stitution as did the present, and with what justice
could the charge be biought against them of being
the advocates of power' When the present incum-
bent of the piesidentml chair came into office, the
Federal banner floated triumphantly over the coun-
try, and Federal usurpation was making, and had
long been making, large and lapid strides What
was the situation of the President' On the one
.hand he might have made himself the eader of
power, on the othei was that of his country. He
made his choice, and selected that imperishable
giound, indignantly rejecting all the proffers of the
advocates of power. Bill after bill was presented
to him, by wmch he might have ensured power;
he rejected them, and he wasthefiist President of
these United States bold enough to lecommend a
measure to bring the revenue down to the needful
expenses of the country. Again, when the bill to
recharter the Bank of the United States passed
both Houses, and was sent to the President for
his approval, when he might have obtained the
suppoit of every president, director, officer, stock-
holder, and customer of that institution throughout
the Union, did he, by vetoing that bill,show him-
self the advocate of executive power' Again and
again, when other bills were presented to him for
roads and canals, fiom almost every State and
every congressional district in these States, did he
then show himself the advocate of power' When
he returned measure after measure to those two
Houses, was that a proof of his advocacy of
executive power' The present Chief Magistrate
had presented an extraordinary spectacle, and
one which might probably rever be seen again,
for it was the inherent tendency of executive
power not only to retain the power given it, and
take all that was proffered, but to absorb all that
it could grasp. We have seen the Piesident of
the United States setting limits to and abndging
hi3 own power.
Mr. C. then referred to and congratulated the
House that the great question of reform was about
to be brought before the American people, and he
hoped they would go to the fountain head of the
abuses and not confine themselves to an attack
upon one subordinate branch. The root of the
evil lay deep, and had been unfortunately adopted
m 1789, at which time there were two master
spirits, Hamilton and Jefferson, of opposite senti-
ments. The evils of the Post Office took their rise
from that time.
After some further remaiks, Mr. C. again re-
curred to the subjectof banks These institutions,
he said, might be tried in the old countries, but
whatever nation should be tried, they never could
meet the case, and would be continually bunging
the paper standard into conflict with the metallic
currency. The argument that the precious metals
are diminishing, and that paper currency was
indispensable, Mr C reprobated. But we had
gone so far in this banking system, that agents
had been employed in various countries to ascer-
tain how much specie existed. They have told us
that there were stven or ten thousand millions
employed in bullion, and from three to five mil-
lions in cuirent coin
Mr. C. hoped the day would come when all
speculations about paper currency would be ban-
ished from the Hails of legislation. If not, he
feared the day would come when their lobbies
would be filled with speculative capitalists, and cor-
ruption and dissension would besown everywhere.
He had witnessed many revolutions there. A bill
introduced by himself only six yeais ago for a
reciprocity of trade, was indignantly rejected at
its second reading, and many voted agamstit who
had since become the ardent advocates ot the
system Who would now be daring enough to
introduce a bill torechaitei the Bank of the United
States' Yet, not long since it passed by a major-
ity of both Houses. Mr. C quoted from Adam
Smith's Wealth of Nations to show the similarity
of his description of the then state of England
I with the present condition of the United States,
and referred a'lso to the course of William Pitt,
Prime Minister of England, and the speeches of
Edmund Burke, in support of free trade.   He also
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
gave a review of Fiance, Spain, and Portugal, to '
show that ihe spiwt of reform was marching ;
rapidly onward, and that the lime was approach- [
jrl" when the councils of those countries would
be Governed by«principles other than they were at ,
present.                                                                           |
Mr. CLAYTON said he had two objects in i
wishing to address the House on this sulj-ct. .
One was in justification of himself from ceiturn
charges brought against him there'and elsewhere; i
the other, to give reasons why he should vote for
the amendment to the bill proposed by the gen- j
tlemanfnm Vnginia. Mr. C. particularly referred ;
to certain charges that (he said) had been brought '•
«gainst turn, chiefly at home, of having received ¡
accommodations from the Bank,and ot his course '
having been influenced thereby. Mr. G. entered :
into an explanation of the grounds of the affair, !
in substance the same, we believe, as have ap- !
peared in some of the Georgia papera. Mr. C. !
then refeired to the passage of the resolutions of-
the Legislature of his own State, instructing their ]
Senators to vote for expunging Mr. Clay's res- '
olutions of last year from the Journals of the '
Senate of the United States, and lead an applica- ;
tion from some members of a former Legislature >
thereof to the Bank of the United States for a ;
branch, &c.                                  "                                I
In support of the amendment for which he ;
intended to vote, Mr. C. quoted Mr. McDufrie's \
report, as to the power of Congress to charter ,
corporations, tie then examined into the reasons |
assigned by the Secretary of the Treasury for i
removing the deposites, and contended that there ¡
was more danger to be apprehended from the '•
numerous local banks than from one bank.             |
Mr. MANN, of New York, rose_and said that '
lie had not designed to trouble the House with any I
remarks upon tins subject;   and he should not !
have done so, but for some observations which
had fallen, irT the course of the debate, from the
two honorable gentlemen from Virginia, [Messrs. ;
Gurdos and   Robertson,]  who   addressed   the ■
House yesterday and to-djy, which Mr. M. said •
he felt himself constrained, as a Representative ,
from New York, to notice.    He must, therefore, '
ask a few moments' indulgence.    If, sir, I have
not mistaken the scope of their remarks, the hon-
orable gentlemen object to the passage of this bill
because about thirteen millions of the revenues of ;
this Government are collected in the Slate of New I
York, to be deposited in her State banks, and
used in the promotion of her already overgrown ,
commerce—thus operating like a pecuniary tariff \
in her favor.    The gentlemen then go on to speak
of that State, which, by courtesy, they denomi-
nate the Empire, with an army of forty represent-
atives on this floor, possessing population, facili-
ties, resouioes, and political power; presenting to
the vision of gentlemen ideal dangers to the pros- '■
perity and welfare of the other States inthis Union;
and theiefore it is argued that great circumspec-
tion should be used here ill respect to our national
legislation, so as not to increase those advantages
and facilities which New York is always so ready
to embrace and improve.    The inference which it
appears to me necessarily follows from the scope
of the remarks of the gentlemen, taken altogether,
and 1 ^tate it as an inference, is, that the power of
New York is not only too gieatin the Union, but
that she will use it for political and improper pur-
poses of self-aggrandizement.
[ Here Mr. M. yielded the floor to the gentlemen
from Viigima, [Messrs. Gordon and Robert-
son-,] who explained, and said that they had not .
mie.ided to uttei a word disrespectful to the State
of New Yoik—that they admired that State and
it-i rapid progress and improvement, and Mr.
Gonnoji protested against any inferences being
drawn i-y the gentleman from New \ ork [Mr. '
M 1 whii'h hU'itmguage did not warrant ]
-Mr. M. resumed,ami said that he had notunder-
Rtood the genrhmen as using disrespectful or'
unpai liatiieli tary or uncouneous language towards '
liu Slate, or her llepiesentatives, and he had not ,
nnsundeistood the scope of their remarks, from '
which he had drawn the inference which he had .
slated,pk necessarily following from'their pronosi- ,
ti.nis and premises. This inference (said Mr. ¡VI. 1 ,
eeems constantly to disturo  the imagination  ol
gentlemen in both wings of the Capitol, present-
ing a visum continually before their eyes, inso-
mucn that, judging by the observations which a
seat on this floor tor a single session has enabled
me to make, Í conclude that no question of gen-
eral or national impouance can be considered and
.discussed heie, without involving considerations
and allusions appertaining to the State of New
York and her career as a member of the Confed-
eracy. Her advantages, her institutions, her
legislative and political policy are arrayeu and
reviewed, censured, and sometimes freely con-
demned on this floor. Her public men, charged
with the administration of her local and State
aifairs, have sometimes been attacked with epithets
as senseless as they are unjust. Her hanking
systems seem to have the importune with gentle-
men to meet with no favor, except distrust and
disapproval.
Su, if gentlemen who discourse so largely about
New York, her laws and institutions, her'wealth
and commerce, would take the trouble to examine
them more closely, and learn more of their na-
ture, extent, and utility, 1 trust they would find
more to meiit their commendation, and less to
denounce and condemn. 1 do not know that it is
proper to arraign the legislative or local policy of
any State of the Union upon this floor; yet i have,
perhaps too often, been a silent witness of the
exhibition here, and in the other branch of the
National Legislature, ¡n respect to the State
which, in a very humble part, 1 have the honor
to repiesent. I have supposed that the States
keeping within the boundaries established by the
Constitution of the United States, had the power
to manage their own affairs in their own way.
But if honorable gentlemen aie disposed to look
into New York tor good or for evil, I will join
them in aid ot the most scrutinizing examination
into her political history, her public policy, laws,
and institutions, i would ask their particular
attention to her systems and provisions for public
education; to her social and moral condition; to
her jurisprudence and legislation; to her'System
of internal improvements; to her proud financial
condition; to her banking and monetary system;
to her internal resources; to her intelligent, indus-
trious, and enterprising population; m which, at
last, they will find the seciet of the power, the
wealth,.and expansive greatness of New York,
appaleritly so much dreaded. Let rrie ask gentle-
men, m what State or country will they fiat! the
affairs of a local government better conducted, to
secure the ends o! a good government, the happi-
ness, rights, and hbcities of the people, than are
those of New Yotk? Are her finances and re-
sources wasted or perverted to improper objects?
I will not here make mviüious comparisons, but
invite gentlemen m their own States to imitate
rather than to indulge unreasonable or unfounded
lealouties of the legislation and power of New
'Voik.
But, Mr, Speaker, when has New York used
her commercial or political power in the Union
for selfish or improper purposes? When has she
endangered th.e Union of these States, or swerved
from the political faith and principles which she
derived from Virginia through those apostles of
political hutrty, Washington, Jefferson, Madison,
and Monroe? For thirty-two years since theadop-
uon of the Constitution, the vaunted " ancient
dominion" has held the control of the executive
and legislative policy of this Government, during
all which time New Yoik has stood firmly by her
side, advocating her faith and practice under the
Constitution, without having dreamed of " the al-
Ur.uUivt" which might permit her to change her
course or her principles. Let the history of her
action during the late war, pouring out her best
blood and treasures upon the altar of the country,
while another portion of the Union occupied a
position at Ilatlford more than equivocal, while
the very Capitel in which we are assembled was
a heap of smoking ruins under the eyes of the
" nuchal dominion I" shield the State of New York
fiom any inferences of a purpose or intention to
use her dreaded political power in the Confed-
eiacy for selfish or improper purposes. Sir, what
has heen the recent position of New York in the
trials to which the strength of our institutions
have been subjected r   lias she stopped to con-
sider "any allcrnntives," or has she stood by the
Constitution and the principles which she de-
rived from the fatheisof the "ancientdominion,"
even though the gallant sons of those fathers may
have doubted and hesitated as to whether the path
of their sires led on to the fountains of patriotism ?
She has maintained the firm and even tenor of her
ways through all the vic.ssitudes and changes
which have been going on around her, and she
will continue to adhere to the ancient republican
faith promulged from Virginia, even though the
talented public men of the latter may, in some in-
stances, indulge their fears that such adherence
will lead her to a position in the Union which will
not permit those who " discouise of Rome, to say
that her wide walls contain but one man."
Sir, what is the position of New York at present
on this floor? Is it equivocal or alternative? Is
it in opposition to the constitutional doctrines so
long cherished in favor of strict cor.struction? la
it opposed to the .rights of the States? When
have her representatives arraigned at this bar the
admitted constitutional legislation, the policy or
measures of one of the State governments of this '
Union? And when, sir, after having done so,
have they then maintained that the State govern-
ments have the power to review and nullify the
constitutional measures of the national Govern-
ment? Sir, the State of New York may present
to the views of some honorable gentlemen the
political enigma, about which they discourse, but
cannot understand; yet, sir, she has never been
found to be a political meteor, traversing the ab-
struse regions and metaphysical mazes of the
political firmament.
But, Mr. Speaker, the sin of New York is her
physical and numerical greatness—her overgrown
external commerce and her internal trade, re-
sources, and advantages. Sir, 1 know not how
to reply to the position that my native State is
physically too strong already, and that greater
dangers are to be apprehended from its increasing
strength and multiplying facilities and resources.
Í cannot regret n—that would be a " treason most
foul." 1 cannot profess its weakness—the facts
would not sustain me. I do most sincerely desire
its increasing prosperity, and 1 must be peimitted
to enjoy this natural desire. New York, sir, ha3
never been the recipient of your bounty. She has
never asked at your hands moie than strict juctice
in the distribution of your favors, and has not re-
ceived even that. Her commerical advantages
depend upon thf laws of nature, and of these she
cannot be deprived by legislation. Transfer your
public revenues from the natural aids they slford
to her commerce, as the honorable gentleman from
Virginia proposes, and you will not materially
affect the progress of New Yoik in her commer-
cial career, since she does not rely upon adventi-
tious advantages. She has, however, a right to
demand at your hands equal and impartial justice.
She asks nothing more. While New York is the
medium and instrument by whicli so large a por-
tion of the public revenues are collected, can you,
in common and equal justice, deprive her of the
advantages which her situation confers ? You can-
not, and ought not. For many years past those
revenues have been under the seifish and odious
control of the United States Bank, with interests
opposed to those of New York, and has this cir-
cumstance arrested the commerce and prosperity
of that State? We have, sir, 1 confess, sometimes
inconveniently felt the power of an unseen hand
striking at our welfare, but not sufficiently to re-
tard permanently our progress.
Mr. Speaker, allow me to express the hope that
we may hereafter be able to discuss and consider
the various questions presented here without
drawing into review the local affairs and legislative
policy of any of the States of the Confederacy,
unless it shall be to derive useful lessons, to guide
us in the path of duty by their example or expe-
rience; and let me add the hope that the various
amendments proposed to the bill under considera-
tion may be rejected, and the bill passed into a
law.                                                                    ,    ,
Mr. WILSON, of Virginia, addressed the
House in opposition to the motion to commit the
bill as made by his colleague, [Mr. Robertson.]
He was also opposed to the amendment of Mr.
Gordon.   Believing that the Bank of the United
¿32                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        February 12
States would not be recnartered, he was satisfied
that it would be necessary to employ the State
banks as the fiscal agents of theGoveinment He
was, therefore, in favor of perfecting the present
bill; and although he had some doubts on the sub-
ject, still he should probably vote for the amend-
ment which had been suggested by another col
league, [Mr. Moore,] to insert the names of the
State banks in the bill, so as to leave as little
discretion as poesibleto the Secretary of the Treas-
ury
Mr. VANCE asked what was now the question
befoie the House'
The CHAIR 'stated it to be on the motion to
recommit the bill, with instructions.
Mr. VANCE said he had an amendment to
the bill which he was anxious should be placed
before the House, or before the committee, if the
bill should be recommitted He also wished to
have it printed. In all legislation, he deemed it
important to look at practical results. There
were several States in the Union which did not
contain a collection district, and his amendment
looked to a more equal distribution of the public
revenue. Without it, those States would expe-
rience pecuniary embarrassments which no man
could now properly appreciate [The amendment
was read.] Mr. V. said its object was apparent
on the face of it; but, after a suggestion from the
Chair on a point of oider, he withdrew it for the
present.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose and alluded to the
variety and importance of the business on the
table which must be acted on in the nine business
days left of the session He alluded particularly to
the graduation bill—to the Post Office investiga-
tion—the public lands—the haiborbill—and vau-
ous others, involving interests of the highest
importance, which hehoped weredulyappreciated
oy the members of the House. He had a dislike,
which nearly amounted to aversion, to be either
the principal or the agent in any act tending to
curtail the freedom of debate; but under the pres- l
ent circumstances, the necessity was urged upon I
him by the most imperious considerations. It was
therefore he assured the House it was with great
reluctance that he felt compelled to demand the
previous question
Mr McKlNLEY moved a call of the House
A question of order was raised as to whether
that motion could be made before the call for the
previous question was seconded; and after some
conversation thereon between, the CHAIR,
Messrs. McKlNLEY, WILLIAMS, MASON,
MERCER, SUTHERLAND, and BRIGGS,
Mr. McKlNLEY withdrew the motion
The motion for the previous question was then
taken by tellers; and decided as follows—ayes S6,
noes 100
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mi. BURGES expressed ¡* wish to address the
House, but as the hour was late, he moved to
adjourn.
Mi. POLK asked for the yeas and nays, which
having been ordered,
Mr BURGES withdrew the motion.
Mr. FILLMORE then asked for a division of
the question to recommit with instructions.
Tne question was then taken by yeas and nays,
which had been pieviously ordered, on the motion
to recommit the bill, and decided in the negative—
yeas 91, nays 115.
The question then recurring on the amendment
offered by Mr. Ewing, that gentleman asked for
the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. SLADE moved to adjourn.
Negatived—ayes 93, noes 102.
The question on Mr. Ewing's amendment was
then decided by the following vote:
YEA—Mr Ewmg—1.
NAYS—Messrs. John Q,. Adams, John Adams,
Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber,
Barnnger, Bates, Baylies, Beale, Bean,. Beatty,
Beaumont, Bell, Binney, Bockee, Boon, Bouldm,
Briggs,Brown, Bull,Bunch, Burns,Bynum,Cage,
Cambreleng, Campbell, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Chambers, Chaney, Chilton, Chinn, Claiborne,
Samuel Clark, William Clark, Clay, Clayton,
Coffee, Cramer, Crane, Crockett, Darlington,
Amos Davis, Day, Deberry, Denny, Dickerson,
Dickinson, Dunlap, Evans, Edward Eveiett, Fel-
der, Perns, Fillmore," Forester, Foster, Fowler,
William K Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Garland,
Gholson, Gillet, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Gra-
ham, Grennell, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall,
Thomas H Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Hardin, James Harper, Hathaway, Hawkins,
Heath, Henderson, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard,
Huntington, Inge, William Jackson, Ebenezer
Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin
Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgoie, King, Kinnard, L.ane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lea, Lee, Letcher, Lewis,
Lincoln, Love, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Mai-
tindale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y Mason, Moses
Mason, May, McCarty, McComas, Mclntire,
McKay, McKennan, McKim, McKinley, Mc-
Lene, McVean, Miller, Milhgan, Miner, Henry
Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Moore, Moigan, Muh-
lenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Paiks, Parker,
Patton, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Phillips, Pick-
ens, Franklin Pierce, Pierson, Pinckney, Plum-
met, Polk,Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Reynolds,
Robertson, Schenck, Schley, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Shmn, Slade, Smith, Spangler, Speight,
Standifer, Steele, William Taylor, William P.
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins, |
Trumbull,Tweedy, Vance, Van Ilouten, Vinton, '
Waggener, Waid, Ward well, Watmough, Web-
stei, Whallon, White, Williams, and Wise—189.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then lecurnng on the amendment
of Mr. GonnoN,
Mi WILLIAMS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordeied.
Ml. VANC E moved an adjournment, negatived
—a.y es 71, noes not counted.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment offered by Mr. Gordon; as
follows-
YEAS—Messis John Q, Adams,ChiltonAllan,
Heman Allen, John J. Allen, Archer, Barber,
Beale, Beaty,Campbell,C'aiborne, William Clark,
Clayton, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Fos-
ter, Gamble, Gholson, Gordon, Griffin, Heath,
Letcher, Lewis, Martindale, McComas, Pickers,
Robertson, Spangler, Steele, William P. Taylor,
Wilde, Williamb, and Wise—33.
NAYS—Messis John Adams, William Allen,
Ashley, Banks, Barnnger, Baylies, Bean, Beau-
mont, Bell, Binney, Bockee, Boon, Bouldm,
Bnggs, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cage,
Cambreleng, Carmichael, Cair, Casey, Chaney,
Chilton, Chinn, Samuel Clark, Clay, Coffee,
Cramer, Ciane, Darlington, Day, Denny, Dick-
eison, Dickinson, Dunlap, Evans, Edwaid Ever-
ett, Ewing, Ferns, Fillmore, Forester, Fowler,
William K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Garland,
Gillet,Gilmer,Gorham, Graham, Grayson,Gren-
nell, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall.Thcmas H Hall,
Halsey, Hamei, Hannegan, Hard, Hardm, James
Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hen-
derson, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington,
Inge, William Jackson, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes,
Tarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson,
Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgore, King, Kin-
naid, Lane, Lansing, Lapoite,LukeLea,Thomas
Lee, Lincoln, Love, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K. Mann, Marshall, Mardis,
John Y. Mason, Moses Mason, May, McCarty,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan,McKim, McKm-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Milhgan, Miner,
Henry Mitchell,Robert Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parks, Par-
ker, Patton Patterson, Dutee J Pearce, Phillips,
Pierce, Pierson, Pinckney, Plummer, Polk, Pope,
Potts, Ramsay,Reed,Reynolds,Schenck,Schley,
William B. Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Shmn, Slade, Smith, Speight, Standifer, William
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thomson, Trumbull,
Turril],Tweedy, Vance, Van Houten, Waggener,
Ward, Ward well, Watmough,Webster, Whallon,
White, and Wilson—161.
So the amendment was negatived.
Mr. BOON moved the previous question.
Mr. FOSTER and Mr. MARDIS appealed to
the honorable member to withdraw the motion,
but Mr. Boon not consenting,
Mr. BURGES moved an adjournment    Car-
ried—ayes 95, noes 8b
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE 
Thursday, Febiuary 12, 1S35.
Petitions and  memorials were presented by
Messrs S1LSBEE, KING of Alabama, KANE,
and GOLDSBOROUGH.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which the following bills fiom
the House of Representatives were referred, re-
ported the same;
A bnl authorizing the sale of certain lands be-
longing to the University in Michigan, without
amendment;
A bill authorizing the removal of the land office
at Wapahkonetta, in Ohio, to Lima, in said State,
without amendment,
A bi'l for the relief of George Davenport, with-
out amendment,
A bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and others,
with an amendment
Mr SOUTHARD, from the Naval Committee,
to which weie referred the bills from the House of
Repiesentatives, for the relief of Mervin P Mix,
M C Perry, and E. R Shubnck, reported them
severally, without amendment.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
the children of Berijamin W Booth, late a master
commandant in the United States Navy.
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN.fiom the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, made an unfavorable
report upon the petition of Richard Andres
Mr. BELL, fi om the Judiciary Committee, made
an unfavorable report upon the petition of John
L. Wynn
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports upon the petitions of Henry
H. Burr and John Howe
He also reported the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of Francis B. Ogden,
without amendment.
Also, a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to compromise the claims allowed by
the Commissioners under the treaty with the King
of the Two Sicilies, concluded in 1832, which
was lead the first time and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.from the Committee
on Manufactures, to which was referred the reso-
lution relative to duties upon refined sugar, re-
ported a bill allowing an additional drawback on
sugar refined in the United States and exported
therefrom; which was read the first time and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a joint resolution, requiring a
series of experiments tobe made to ascertain how
far it is practicable to substract from the coins of
the United States by chemical process, or by drill-
ing, whieh was read the first time and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr BLACK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made unfavoiable reports upon the peti-
tions of John A Webster and Samuel Hambleton.
Mr BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of the heirs of Andrew McClelland.
Mr. S1LSBEE, pursuant to notice, and on leave
given, introduced a bill for the relief of John J.
Putnam and Nathan Pratt.
Mr. HENDRICKS, pursuant to notice, and
on leave given, introduced a bill making appropri-
ations to constiuct certain roads in the Territory
of Michigan; which bills were read twice and
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated aletter
from the War Department, conveying a statement
of the contracts made by the department for the
year 1834
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a memonal fiom the Legislative Council
of Michigan Terntoiy, piaying fur the removal
of the light boat near Waugoshavee Point, to the
mouth of the Detroit uver,and for the erection of
a light house on said Point; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED  AM) PUBLISHED ATTHE• C^T^F_^SHm^bw7BY BLAIR^ RIVES".
23d CovG-Rts-s 2d Session.                                                               '""------                                                      "                                            —_—
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1835 ~
Vol  2.. .Ho   15
KECEIPTS Af.D EXPEfiDITURES OF THE
GOVERNMENT.
The following resolution was submitted by'Mr.
BENTON, which was read and ordered to be
printed
Resotved, That the President be requested to
caube information to I e laid before the Senate, at I  amount of the reduction.
vided by the six'h section of the act of the 2d of
March, 1833, entitled " An act to mooify the act
of the Hlh of July, 1832, and all other acts im-
posing duties on imports," ran be reduced or re-
pealed consistently with a due regard to the manu-
facturing interest, and an estimate oí the probable
the commencement of the next bession of Con-
gress, on the following points
1    1 he ami unt of revenue which may be re-
duced on dutiable articles without affecting the
protection intended to be continued by the act of
March 2, 18:13, to domestic manufactures
2   The ainoun* of net revenue which will prob-
ably be received from customs fiom 1836 to 1842,
inclusively
3   The amount of revenue which will probably
be received from public lands firthesamepenod,
if no change takes place in the price of the lands
4   The amount of revenue from thesamesource,
if the price of the refuse [anda should be reduced,
and the lands snould be so disposed of as to pro-
mote the settlement of the country, and should
cease to Be a source of revenue, except to defray
tne expenbes of their management, and of extin-
guishing the Indian titles
5    The times and proportions in which the
amount of stock held in the Bank of the United
States wi 1 probably be returned to the Treasury,
it no act is passed by Congress for the sale of said
StOLk
6    The probable amount of the expenditures of
the Government annually to the end of the year
18-12
7    The state of the fortifications, so as to show
the number of forts of the first, second, and third
classes, now constructed in the United States, the
number heretofore proposed and recommended by
the War Depaitnient,but notyet constructed; and
the number which would probably be necessaiy
to the complete and adequate defence of the lake,
maritime, and gulf frontier of the United States,
and such points of the land frontier as may be
believed to requiie permanent fortifications
8    The amount expended since 1816, in con-
structing forts, and the amount that would proba-
bly be necessary to complete the construction of
tre ert le system of permanent fortifications for
the United Sutes
9    Tne ame tint whici has been expended since
lsl6 in provums for ti e armament of the fortifi-
cation^ and ihe amiunt which would probably
be necessary to complete the armament of all the
fortresses, required for the defence of the United
Slates
¡0 The imoun'wlndi would probably beneces-
sa-y to construct an adequate number of armories
and arsenals in the United States, and to supply
the Slice*, wi'h field artillery (especially brass
pieces) 'or their militia, and with side arms and
pistols, for their cavalry
11    The amount eX| ended since 1816 on the
grtdual mcrea-eof the Nuvy,on navy-yards,and
dork yards, and the amount necessary to be ex-
pended on eseh of these objects, to place the naval
defence of the Lnited States upon the footing of
strength and respecfibiluy which is due to the
beuni v and iO Ihe wellare of the Union
12     \m\ that the President be íequested toeause
to be communicated to the Senate, at the same
time, any other infirmation connected with the
reiemie srd expend ture of the Government, and
with the defence oí the Union, which shall come
within the seo] e of the foiegomg inquiries, on
which, m luR ludgment, shall be necesbary to be
communicated
Iir OLOTION OF DUTIES.
Tfu f< lio«.n " lesolu'ion, submitted on Monday
by Mi   0\LHOCN, was taken up and agieed to
AYtoW, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be direutd to report to the Senate, at the com-
memement of the next session of Congress, what i
DEBTS OF THE POST OFTICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HILL'S resolutions relattve to the validity
and binding nature of the debts of the Post Office
Department, were, on his motion, postponed to
and made the special order for Tuesday next
POST OFFICE AFrAIRS.
The resolution submitted some days smce by
Mr SMITH, relative to the affairs of the Post
Office, was also taken up, and on his motion it
was made the special order for the same day
OFFICERS' COMMUTATION.
The resolution submitted on Tuesday by Mr
HILL, calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury
for information, whether the evidence of payments
of commutation have been lost, and whether there
is reason to believe the officers who received their
commutation were not entitled to it, &.C., was
taken up and agreed to.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill making appropriations for the continua-
tion and repair of the Cumberland road, was read
the third time and passed
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The Senate proceeded to considei, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill authorizing a remis-
sion of duties on ail railroad cars and car irons,
which were ordeied prior to tne ls! January last
Mr HILL asked that some good reason might
be given by the committee why the bill should
pass
Mi. TYLER said he thought the bill explained
itself
Mr. HILL said his objection was, that he did
not know why these large companies should be
exempt from the payment of duties rather than
individuals.
Mr TYLCR said this was a subject m which
the public had a direct interest It was not simply
for the benefit of the large companies
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN said he saw no
reason for the remission of duties upon these am-
ueles, or that they should be refunded if they had
been paid Our iron establishments were quite
sufficient to supply all the demand for those arti-
cles, as he had been informed by a manufacturer,
and at a reasonable price Why then should we
piefer the foreign manufacture to our domestic
establishments He moved that the bill be laid
on the table
The motion was agreed to
I               THE HISTORY OF CONGRESS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the joint resolution reported by the Libraiy
Committee, authorizing tne puichase of five hun-
dred copies of Carey & Lea's  History of Con-
i gress
l     Mr  HILL asked the committee to give some
reason why this bill snould pass
Mr. KING, of Georgia, expressed a wish that
the bill might be permitted to he on the table until
the information called for fiom the Secretary of
the Senate, relative to the amount of printing au-
thorized by Congress, could be had It was essen-
tial, to enable lis to act understanding^ on this
subject, that the infoimation called for should be
obtained, it was indispensable With regaid to
the value of this work, (Mr K said,) it might be
a good and useful woik, and it might be, like
many others we had puichased, totally useless
! and worthless
1     Mr P01NDEXTER enlarged upon the merits
' of the work, he said it could not progress with
memement ot the nextsesston oi ijuugies-,, „„m ,  «. .... -------, -------                „„„„',- t. „,„„ n{
duties under twenty per cent ad valorem, as pro- ,1 out the patronage of the Uoveinment    It was of
15
great utility to every statesman, because it con-
tained the whole history and proceedings of Con-
gress and the Government in a condensed form,
and gentlemen could not afford to purchase it for
then private libraries
Mr BEN f ON said, that about seven years ago,
the Senate purchased one oftho&e works called a
Political Registei, and he took occasion to look
into it to examine it closely, and found it to be a
complete exemplification ot the suggtitw falsi and
suppressioven Many things were omitted which
members said, and many things weie put into
their mouths which they never did say So far
as he himself was concerned, (Mi. B said,) it
contained a general libel on him. He looked over
the Register of the last session, and he believed
that in the matter that there appeared under his
name, there was not one paragraph which was
not more oi less a downright falsification of what
he said, and there was haidly a sentiment m it, or
a fact stated in it, which he actually said. There
were two papers in this city, the Telegraph and
National Intelligencer, both of winch, three or four
years ago, were very obliging to him. They both
unifoimly published his speeches, and whenever
he desired alterations to be made in them, they
did it very obligingly, and whenever he wanted
to improve them, (anU he did not hesitate to say
that he did improve them,) they cheerfully con-
sented to it But within the last three years, both
those papers had entirely changed their conduct
towards him One of them, the National Intel-
ligencer, refused, out and out. to publish one of
his speeches against the Bank of the United States,
Yes, su, they refused to publish his mam speech,
on the ground that it was too long, and when he
afterwards offered to aDridgeit, they totally refused
to publish it, while they published everything that
was said on the other side The Telegraph did
the same thin , and the gentlemen on the other
side not only saw the notes, but the proofs too
With respect to the proposition now before the
Senate to buy these books, he perceived there the
name of one of the employees of the Bank of the
United States, and he had received information
from Philadelphia that tnese persons were busily
engaged last winter in keeping and fomenting the
panic which was in a course of pieparation and
performance. He was opposed to this proposi-
tion, because, among other reasons, this History
of the Congress of the United States by Cary &
Lea, was a history of Congress by the Bank of
the United States This was all he had to say on
tlii* sub]eet at this time But with regard to this
business of printing in the Senate, it exceeded all
the other abuses of the Government, including the
Post Office, put together In 1819 the expenses
for printing amounted to fifteen thousand dollars;
while last year, he believed, it amounted to one
hundied and fifty thousand dollars ' And propo-
sitions for single jobs passed here, almost without
opposition, incurring an expendituie equal to the
whole sum pa'd in 1819 He took the opportu-
nity now to give notice that as often as proposi-
tions were introduced here for extra jobs, he would
be biought to his feet, and on the subject of this
great and crying abuse, he would show them to
the country in ail their enormity And also show
that, while we were seeking to remove the mote
from the eye of others, we would not perceive the
beam m our own
Mr KING, oi Georgia, said that, where prop-
ositions had been made to puichase works, in
this way, he always purchased them with his
own money Eut the value and usefulness of
them would vanish like a sprite, if a proposition
should be introduced to make the expenditure for
them out of our own pockets He did not know
the value of this -work, as he befoie remarked.
But he did know that it would be very expensive.
Honorablegentlemen agreed that such works were
rece«sary to us in the discharge of our legislative
duties If they were so, he would be willing to
vote money enough to purchase a sufSc.ent num-
234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
oer for our purpose. He would go as high as
fifty copies to be placed in the Libi ary. And surely
this was a liberal number. If the resolution was
thus modified, he would support it. He was not
in favor of purchasing them for the members to
be taken home and used for their individual pui-
poses. We had already engaged in a work for
which we were to pay four hundred and twenty
thousand dollars, at least, and which had it not
been for the commendable zeal and care of the
committee last year, would have cost the Govern-
ment at least three millions
Mr. HILL said he. had made some calculation of
the cost of books and maps and printing oidered
at a single session of Congress, leaving out seveial
items oí former purchases, which have been sup-
plied to present members
1 am told the printing alone ordered to be ex-
ecuted by the printer of the Senate at the last ses-
sion of Congress, amounts by computation to ihe
enormous sum of $120,000
This is more than ten times the amount of the
printing ordinarily directed by this body in other
times, when the Senate was not at war with the
Executive, and when the punter was fuendly to
the Administration and the voice of the people It
amounts to an average of $2,500 to each of the
forty-eight membeis of the Senate
Besides this, there were ordered a>id paid for,
according to the statement of the Clerk, printed
and laid upon our tables at the commencement of
the session, the following articles.
For newspapers.....................$832 38
George Watterston's StatisticalTables..      20 00
Jonathan Elliot, for Directories......      38 62
William Cranch, Index to District Re-
port..............................   500 00
Thomas & Ho nans, Pennsylvania Re-
gister.............................     13 25
Jonathan Elliot, Debates on the Consti-
tution.............................    175 00
Jonathan Elliot, Diplomatic Code......     99 00
Gales & Seaton, Registei of Debates ... 1,940 00
Paid for selecting and arranging papers
for Land Documents and State Papers. 1,250 00
David A  Hall's History of Bank of the
United States......................    150 00
To Ames & Son, paper for map
of Narragansett bay........$376 20
William I Stone, for printing do.  320 00
E GUman, joining do.........    100 00
----------   796 30
John Kennedy, Distnet Laws.........       3 00
George Templeman, four copies Laws.. 112 00
Galea & Seaton, for thirteen copies eight
volumes State Papéis, §11 25 each... 1,173 00
$7,092 25
This will add $145 75 for each member of the
Senate
And still further- $50,000 arnually foi Gales &,
Seaton's State Papers, and $50,000 expenditure on
Clarke and Force's Documentary History, would
aveiage to the two hundred and nmety-one Sen-
ators, Representatives, and Delegates, for the
year, $340 each, and would make in the whole,
§2,985 75 to each member of the Senate, as the
expense of books and punting for a single year
Of the items I have called over, one or two aie
deserving comment. One of the departments
had procured as a mattei of favoi to that part of
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and at
a great expense, the survey, engiavmg, and fur-
nishing, a map of Narragansett bay, a sufficient
quantity to answer all ordinary purposes This
was not enough. Senators living in distant States,
who had as little to do with Na ragansett bay as
they had with Winnipieseogee lake and bay, or
any othei distant water, must be furnished with
additional copies of an unwieldy map, and $300
more are expended in printing and furnishing an
extra number of these for the forty-eight Sena-
tors
The thirteen copies or sets, eight volumes each,
of Gales & Seaton's State Papers, also call for
comment. 1 was surprised at the last session,
when I was informed that the whole seven hun-
dred and fifty copies of Gales & Seaton's State
Papers, furnished for Congress, had already been
disposed of, and that a purchase must be made
of additional numbers to supply new members
The eight volumes purchased cost only about the
sum of ninety dolíais for each set, and when the
twenty volumes come to be completed, if the pub-
lishers shall not see fit to raise the price,—which
will depend on circumstances,—the added expense
for each riew member, foi this one article, will
be $225.
Ihis work of Gales & Seaton, it shou'd be rec
ollected, oiigmated in this manner They at fiist
publibhed in their newspaper proposals foi punt-
ing a Compilation of Congressional Documents
After several ineffectual attempts, at last a res
olution passes, pet fas el nefas, both Houses of
Congress, authoiizu gaaubst_iiption of seven hun-
dred and fifty copies, embracing a peuod of time
down to 1815 This subscription of Congress
obtained, it is believed not a single additional sub
sciiber wa^ sought for oi procured
Afterwards an addition.] resolution 13 pissed,
extending the time, and limiting the extension to
eignt additional volumes The puce paid in each
instance is fixed to the price paid to the printers
of Congress foi the oidmary printing of the two
Houses,. Tms price is from twenty-five to fifty
pel cent, highei than the same woik would cost
111 Philadelphia, in New Yoik, in Boston, and in
several othei places And the money thiown
away in price overpaid on this work of Gales &
Seaton,and thatof Clarke and Force, will amount
to between two and three hundied thousand dol-
lars'
1 will state the items of thiee contracts on which
from two to thiee hundred thousand dollars are
absolutely thrown away, made by resolutions
which have, in someway—those mteiested can
tell how—been earned tlnougli Congress, when
peihaps one member in ten did not understand
either their tendency or extent. They aie aa foi
low.
Gales & Seaton's American State Papers, 20 vol-
nms, 750 copies, probable cost $10,000 each
volume.....................              $200,000
Claike and Force's Documental y Hist-
ory, 30 to 40 volumes, calculated to be
confined to the cost of..............400,000
Duff Green for printing Land Laws, in-
dependent of other punting ordeied
exclusively by the Senate, 16 volumes,    60,000
$660,000
Two, if not three, of the last named volumes, 1
I am informed, will be a reprint of the very vol-
umes to be executed by Gales &, Seaton '
The ait of working through Congress resolu- j
tions or acts, favoi able to those whom they are
intended to benefit, could not be better exemplified
than in those directing the publication of books by
the pet printers and publishers for both Houses
of Congiess Gales & Seaton, it is understood,
printed for Congress seven hundred and fifty
copies, and received of Congress ertire pay for
preparation and composition and distribution of
the types, using the same types and composition
to punt for themselves seven hundied and fifty
other copies The resolution requnes that the
members of the Twenty Firstand Twenty Second
Congress shall be supplied with the books, the
consequence is, befoie this woik is half way
thiough the press, the seven hundred and fifty
copies are all taken up, the$¡,200,000 ap< topriation
is all run through, and at each successive session
of Congrebs, to supply new membeis, the Secie
tary of the Senate or Clerk of the House is obliged
to go to the publishers and pay them just what
price they ask for additional numbers Thirteen
sets of these additional numbers were bought for
the Senate last sesson, and I am told from one
hundred and twenty five to one hundied and fifty
additional sets of the same work were required foi
the House of Representatives
The íesolutions requne that the members of the
Twenty First and Twenty Second Congress shall
be supplied, with just as much propuety might
the resolution provide that members of the First
Congress, or members of foity years ago, should
be supplied with Gales & Seaton's State Papers,
as that members of the Twenty-First Congress,
who were here four years ago, should be sup-
plied.   And I would not be at all surprised heie-
after, to find members of each ai,d every Congress
or the " heirs and legal representatives" of mem-
bers of Congress coming in here and claiming for
each, copies of these State Papers, or the value of
such State Papers, " with interest" for the whole
time of delay
It will be seen that the resolution despatches at
once the seven hundred and fifty copies, and the
new Congresses of two terms, more will nearly or
quite consume the additional seven hundred and
fifty copies, for which Gales & Seaton get pay, as
It printed at then own expense, while the greatebt
half of the expense of punting has been paid by
Congress
It was admitted on all hands at the last session
that Congress had been ti'ten in by the bargain
which had been made withCiarkeand Force for the
Documentary History, and it was thought to be a
momentous affair to pioeure the assent of those
gentlemen *o «uch terms as would limit the whole
expense of this printing to foui hundred thousand
dollars ' But the gist of the matter did not then
appear The act of Congress which authorizes
the contract with Clarke and Force directs the dis-
tubution of those volumes to the membeis of the
Twenty Fust and Twenty Second Congiess, in the
same manner as the State Papéis aie distiibu'ed,
and this too when not even the first volume of the
Documentary Histoiy has yet been printed So
that Clai ke and Force's first seven hundred and fifty
copies have all been disposed of to oldTnembeis
and otheis before the existence of theTwenty-
Ihird 01 present Congress, and if this Congress
or its successors obtain any, it must be by pur-
chase of the extra copies, and Clarke and Force,
long before their work shall be completed, will
have made sale, at their own price, of double that
number which the act of Congiess had provided
for The membeis of Congiess who were not
here when the act passed, who are no longer
members, and who have no stronger claim to
them than any and every man, woman, and child-*
" fiom snowy white to sooty," in the country,
are to be supplied with their twenty, thirty, or
forty volumes of Documentary History of the
Revolution The restuction to four hundred thou-
sand dollars foi the seven hundred and fifty copies
virtually amounts to nothing, if we do not put a
stop to furnishing members of Congress with all
the books that have been furnished their piede-
cessors If that practice continues,, there can be
no limit either as to numbers or amount of ex-
pense Ga'es&Seaton and Claike and Force may
just as well print two thousand, or three thousand,
as seven hundred and fifty copies, and both are
quite as safe in estimat ng the amount they will
finally take fiom the Treasury, in theone instance
at a half, and in the other at a whole million of
dollars, as at two hundred and four hundred
thousand dollars each
Mr. President, the gift and distribution of books
to members of Congress, even of «such books as
appertain to oui duties as legislators, are of little
advantage to the public interests I have heard of
members of Congress offering their books for sale
in this city, and disposing of them at one-tenth or
one-twentieth theircost. Í am told thereare books
now on sale at one or more places in the city fui-
nished by members of Congress for that purpose
If the friends of ihis mode of distribution doubt
the fact, they have it in their power to disprove
it by appointing a committee to investigate the
matter But, sir, in the main, the books are car-
ried to the homes of the respective membeis, and
never retuined here Having occasion recently to
look into the volumes of State Papers on the sub-
ject of foreign relations, and containing the several
treaties and negotiations with Fiance, it was more
than a week before I was able to procure the use
of the two volumes on those subjects If books
are procured at all for the use of members, they
ought to be retained in the Library, to be used bj
the successors, as well as by the piesent members
of Congress In such an event, a small number
would answer all our purposes; and we should
not have occasion to spend the millions which
have been, and are to be,lavished on pet printers,
whose best recommendation to the favor of Con-
gress seems to have been their violence as pai ti-
sans and editors of newspapers ooposed to the
great body of freemen of the United States, and to
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
that Administration which that body of freemen
have elected
btr, the money thrown away in extra patronage
to printers and publishers within this District
who are opposed to the Administration—the money
paid them over and above what would have betn
the actual cost of printing in other places—would
be sufficient to relieve the Post Office Department
from all us embarrassments, and to enable it to
pay all its contrac'ors promptly And such is
the flounshing condition of this department, even
under all the embanassments which have been
thrown upon it, that it would be able to repay
any loan that might be made in a very few years
If [ weie to point to any instance ot squandering
money in this Government that most deserved
reprehension, Í would turn the public attention to
those acts of the two Houses of Congress which
have thrown or will throw away more than a mil-
lion of mosey on primers and publishers within
this District distinguished foi no other merit than
that of having virulently opposed the repeated
choice and voice of the people of the United
States
I hope this resolution will be arrested by a
decided majority of the Senate, and that no other
resolution of a similar tenor will be pei muted to
oass
Theie was another resolution laid on the table
'he other day, for furnishing Gales & Seaton's
Debates to the new members
On inquiry of the Secretary of the Senate, I
find the quantity ot Registers of Debates already
published is twelve volumes, and that the cost of
these twelve volumes is fifty six dollars There
aie, I believe, four nev/ membeis of the Senate to
be supplied, and the whole amount of cost under
this resolution will i>e two hundred and twenty-
four dollars
lhe argument heretofore urged in favor of
similar resolutions has been, that the old members,
having themselves been supplied, would discovei
themselves to be both selfish and ungenerous now
to vote against supplying the new members As
applied to myself, I acknowledge no validity or
propriety in that argument I have invariably
voted, whenever I had opportunity, against any
and every proposition for supplying myself with
books, and the acceptance of those books has in
no instance been with mea voluntary act
Now, Mr President, whether the proposition
be to furnish a member with books eostmg one
dollar or one hundred thousand dollars, I contend
against it here, and at all other times, so far as it
shall be prudent to contend 1 contend against
the practice of voting books for our own mdi
vidual use—books which are regularly carried
away at the end of each session ot Congress, and
winch are never, or rarely everused here, for any
public purpose whatever
1 need not advert, Mr President, to the com-
parative worthlessness of the volumes which the
resolution proposes to procure They are like
so much old lumber—much less valuable than
volumes of old newspapers that make any preten
sions at all to a fair and impartial detail of events
The Senator from Missouri [Mr Bej.ton]« has
Bhowed the great injustice which has been done
to the proceedings and speeches in the Senate in
these volumes 1 scarcely need inform the Senate,
that the volumes pioposed to be purchased em
brace no part of the three last sessions of Congress
There might be some little pretence of their use
fulness, if they embraced late proceedings and
debates But they do not reach within about three
years of the last proceedings of Congress To
purch«se them now, must accommodate only the
punters, who are paid their own price They are
hardly worth one tenth of the puce paid for them,
and would sell at miction scircely above that price
If it be propei, in any place, and on any occa
eion, to legist the puichase, for the puvate use of
members of Congress, of books, or other articles
which miy be convenient lo them, by taking and
appropriating therefor the money in the public
tre surv, it is piopei,m this place, and on tins
occasion, to contend against it There will be the
same reason, at the next session of Congress, and
at all succeeding sessions, to pun hase these books,
as there is now, and will be no less invidious for
old members then to oppose it, than now
X would consider it an act of magnanimity if
new members would step forward and declare
themselves willing to exercise a first act of self-
denial in this respect
1 When Mr HILL had concluded, the hour for
the special orders havingarnved, on motion of Mr.
CALHOUN, the resolution was laid on the table
CUSTOM-HOUSE   ONCERS.
The Senate then resumed, as in Commi'tee of
the Whole, the consideration of tne bill fixing the
number and salanes of the custom house officers
of the Untied States
Mr BIBB offered an amendment increasing the
salary of the collector for tne district of Sal dusky,
from 4,400 to $600
Mr SILSBEE opposed the amendment, on the
grot nd, that if this alteration was made, others of
a imilar class must also be made The commit-
tee (he said) had regulated these salaries as well as
they could be at present
Mr CALHOUN hoped the bill would be suf
fered to progress, without being overloaded with
amendments
Mr KING, of Georgia, thought if this amend
ment prevailed it would destroy the whole bill
He thought the sum sufficient, where the duty
required was so little But a small part of the tune
was necessarily occupied
After some further remarks by Mr SILSBEE,
the question was put, and the amendment ie,ected
Mr ROBBINS then proposed to raise the salary
of the collector at Newport, Rhode Island, fiom
§1,500 to $1,800
Mr SlL&BEE objected, and after some little
discussion between Mr ROBBINS and M-- SILS-
BEE, the question v as put on the proposed
amendment, and decided in the negative
So the amendnert v/as rejected
Mr GOLDSBOROUGH rose, he said, to pro-
pose an amendment H s honorable colleague and
himself had received complaints and memorials in
regard to the pioposed changes at the port of Bal
timoie. He moved to strikeout " ten" and insert
" fourteen"asthenumbei of permanent inspectors,
and that "two" be inserted instead of " six," for
temporary inspectors He believed there was no
port in the wo Id where the vigilance of inspectors
was more needed than at Bal imore, as the pecu-
liar situation of the place afforded opportunities
for evading the laws
Mr SILSBEE said he thought no district in the
country was better provided for than Baltimore
He then went on to show that other places, equally
exposed with Baltimore, were placed on the same
footing, even where the revenues were greater.
The debate was continued at some length by
Mr GOLDSBOROUGH and Mr SILSBEE,
after which, the amendment was rejected
Mr WRIGHT then offered an amendment as
an additional section to the bill, authorizing naval
officers each to depute a cleik, who might sign
papers in the absence of the officer
No objection being made, the amendment was
agreed to
Mr KENT then proposed so to amend the bill
as to allow the collector at Georgetown $900 in-
stead of $800             *
Mr SILSBEE objected
Tne question being put, the amendment was not
agreed to
"Mr  PORTER proposed to allow the collector
of the district of Teche $700 instead of $300, but
the Senate rejected the proposition
Mr KING, of Georgia, baid, he perceived by
the bill the si\ districts "of Georgia were reduced
to three He proposed adding a fourth, at St
Mary's He felt jealous of the sister Stale, South
Carolina, which had been suffered to retain all her
districts, her null fica'ion notwithstanding
The amendment wis rejected
On motion of Mr PORTER, the bill was
amended by mseiting the word "Teche" after
"Mobile," m the fourth section, morder to allow
office rent to the collector at Teche
Mr KNIGHT proposed to equnlize the salaues
of the collectors at Newport and Bristol, giving
$1,650 to each, but some objections being made,
he withdrew his motion
[ Mr SHEPLEY then offered several amend-
ments with regard to salaries oí collectors, &c , in
the State of Mame.
Mr S said he was not in favor of high salaries,
but when he considered the extensive sea-coast,
and the frontiers bounded for more than six hun-
dred miles by the British possessions, he felt as
though justice was not done to the State The
shipping of Mame was confined in a great measure
to the coasting trade, but the comtmtiee in their
estimate had confined themselves mostly to the
revenues of the ports Besides the coasting trade,
a large number of fishing vessels were constantly
passing and repassing between our ports and those
of the British provinces, and it was highly neces-
sary that all those vessels should be inspected In
order to have this done, the Government must pay
the officers enough to enaole them to devote their
time to the business The northern ports, of all
others, weie the most favoiable for smuggling, and
should be strictly guaided
The debate was continued at some length be-
tween Mi SILSBEE, Mr TOMLINSON, and
Mr  SHEPLEY
The question was then put, and the amend-
ments rejected
Mr N\UDAINofferedsomeslightamendment;
which was i ejected
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time
On motion of Mi. CALHOUN, all the orders
previous to tne bills reported by the select com-
mittee on executive patronage were postponed,
1 and 1 e then gave notice that to-morrow, at one
o'clock, he would move to take up the bill to re-
| peal the four years' law
Mi KENT moved that, for the balance of the
session, the «tending hour of meeting of the Sen-
ate shall be e even o'clock, which was disagreed
I to
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
TnursDvr, Februmy 12, 1835
Mi  BAlNKti, from the Committee of Claims,
raported a joint resolution authoiizmg theSecie-
tary of the Ti ea3ury to settle the claim of O   H
Dibole, which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed
Mr McKlNLEY, from treComrmttee of Ways
and Means, reported a bi'l to establish branches
of the Mint of the United States, which was lead
twice and- committed
Mr CLAY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill granting a bounty in lands
to the organized militia-men, mounted militia men,
and rangers, who defended the frontier dunngthe
late wai with Great Btitain, which was read the
first time
Mr WILLIAMS moved that the bill be re-
jected
Mr W wished to assign, in a few words, the
reasons why he was opposed to the passage of
this bill It would create hopes and expectations
which the true interests and policy of the Govern-
ment would never permit to be realized It pro-
posed to grant a bounty, in lands, to a class of
troops regularly employed by the Government, in
a contingent service, and who, in consequence of
the peculiar duties requued of them, were allowed
a per diem allowance of one dollar each If the
principles of the bill were adopted, there would
be at least one handred thousand applications to
this House for similar donations of land Hed.d
not see why the troops for which this bill provided
should be entitled to more pay than the other mi-
litia who weie engaged in the public service He
believed that the militia on the Atlantic border,
during the late war, perfoitned more arduous du-
ties than any other troops in the service If, there-
fore, this bounty was to be extended, the militia
generally would be as much entitled to it as those
who were embraced in the bill He repeated, that
if the pr nciples of the bill were i ecogmzed, it would
have a tendency to induce at least one hundred
thousand applications for a similar bounty in lands
It was for the purpose of cutting off the delusive
hopes which might be thus created, that he had
been induced to make the motion that the bill be
rejected
Mr CASEY said he would not trespass upon
the time of the House by entering into an exami-
nation of the claims of those persons who were
2g6                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       February it,
intended to be benefited by the bi!l The subject
had been brought to the consideration of the Hou e
by a memorial of the Leg slatuie of Illinois It
had been so-rie time befoie the Committee on the
Public Landi, fully matured, and a lengthy repoit
on the subject accompanied tne bi'l now under
consideration He hoped the LUÍ would be per-
mitted to take its usual comse—that it would be
read a second time and committed, and, together
■with the report, printed it wouid not be uifficult
to show the difteience between the ciass of troops
referred to by the gentleman fiom Norih Carolina
[Mr Wn liams] and those who were embiaced
in the provisions of the bill But he would not
puisue the subject at present, in the hope that
the bill would be suffered to take theusutl course,
and, that at the proper time, it woulu come up foi
discussion
Mr CLAY said the gentleman from North Car
olma [Mr Wiliiams] seemed deposed to treat
this measure most unceremoniously The pio
visions ot th  bill were ceitainly not so bhockm_r
as to requne its ms'antaneousi ejection The gen
tleman was wholly mistaken in ¡supposing thai tnis
bill would encourage ihe numeiou^ apphcatioi s
from other portions of the mihoa to which he had
referred for a airmlai bounty in lands I heie was
a most essential diffeience between the ordiraiy
militia men and that c ass of tioops embraced in
the bill The former geneially served bin three
months, and perhaps, in a single instance, & x
months, while (he laiter were bound to serve
twelve months, aid did serve for that penod
They seived as long as a portion of the regulars,
who received a bounty, as well as he recollected
He contended that the mounted rangers had an
advantage over the infantiy They were bound,
as he understood, to furnish their own horses,
arms, and provisions Nor had the foimerany
advantage ovei the regulai troops
Mr C said the House was not now called upon
to deteimme the merits of the bill The only
question was, whether the pioposi ion was so pal-
pably absurd ami monstrous as to cause the House
to refuse to entertain it at the threshold He was
not prepared to say how he should eventually vote
upon this meaauie Let it be evamined and
matured, and if it should be deemed proper, let
us (said Mr4 C ) not withhold from the merit
orious citizen soldier that which he may be justly
entitled to He hoped, therefore, thai the bill
would be read a second time and committed
Mr CHILTON exptes&ed a hope that a bill,
So meritonous in ks chaiactei, would not be so
cavaheily disposed of by íejectmg it on its first
readme     While he would be opposed to extend
ing the provisions of the bill to all those who were
engaged m the service durirg the  late war, he
would be extremely gratifiedhf those in indigent
circumstances, who had fought the battles of the
late war, could receive a bounty in land, for the
puipose of securing to themsehes,and their fami-
lies, a home, which they weie unable to purchase
The bill was not as explicit in i s character as he
could desire     When, however, it should come up
ultimately for consideration, the House could fash
ion it to suit its fancy, and at the same time do
justice to those who weie concerned     Mi    C
concluded by a warm enlogulm upon those who
were engaged in sustaining the honor and glory
of the nation in the late war
Mr VINTON was glad that the motion had
been made to re|ect the bill It was time for the
House to take care of the public lands ab well as
the other public property I his bill if he under
stood it, proposed to give a bounty in lands to
almost every person who was engaged in the
public service during the late war Lven those
who had lemained in the service ñ teen days, and
who were regularly dischaiged, would he entitled
to the proposed bounty Not only the rargets,
but the militia, were to be provided for He would
ask whether these rangers were promised any-
thing more than what they had íeceived ' Were
they not acquainted with the character of the ser
vice in which they were engaged> Were they
required to do any other service than that agreed
upon, and were they not paid according to con
tract' Upon what ground, then, could anyone
come here and ask, in addition to tne sum paid
these troops, that they should be allowed each a
bounty of one hundred and sixty acres of land
A onunty of one hundred acres of land was given
to the soldiers of the Revolution 1 lus, too, was
to be located in a savage wilderness The land
which this bill pioposeu to give wo lid be located
in the very heart of a rich and civiliz°d country
One nundie 1 auesof land thus located was woith
five times as mucn as t lat whicn Had been given
to the soldiers of the Revolution Was this just
or proper lie hoped the bill would be ímmed
ately rejected, foi the reasons assigned oy the gen
tleman from Nurth Caio mi, [Mi Wiliiams]
Let this bill be entertained and laid ovet to the
next session, and we should most absuredly have
thousands of petitions í i om the militia eng iged in
tne seivice dunng the last war, for the benefit of
its provisions He letened to t lesicuness whicn
p evailed amoi g the tioops at Norfolk duung tne
war He considered the dangers encountered at
that station, from sukness alone, as infinitely
gieater t lan those expeuenced by the mounted
i angers, who were engaged m a sei vice calculated
to invi0orute and strengthen thesystem Tot the
easons which he hid assigned, he trusted the
House would promptly reject the oill
Mr SPEIGH T viewed the motion of his col-
league [Mr Williams] as an unfortunate one
The bill had been reported by one of the com
mittees of the Hous>°,and we were called upon to
reject it, when many of us did not know what
#ere its details Ihe motion also operated to ex
elude all other necessaiy morning business He
tnoughi, the bill oug it to be commuted While
he was the decided advocate of the old states, in
legaid to their rights aid inteiests connected with
tne public doma n, still the'-e was no person more
ready to do entne justice to those brave men who
had served the country m the wild West Fie
would go one step fuithei, and make pro vsion
for the tioops stationed at Norfolk at the penou
alluded to by the gentleman fiom Ohio He
doubted whethei a e onion ot the public domain
could be better disposed of than by distributing it
among those destitute and meritorious individuals
who had,duung the late war, shouldered then
muskets and tlelended the countiy
Mi REYNOLDS remarked that there seemed
to him to be a view of this sulject which had not
been yet piesented to the House The General
Assembly of the State of Illinois addiessed a
memoual, piaying for a bounty, in land, to be
granted to the United States Rangers This me-
morial was addiebsed to the Congrebs of the United
States, and was iefeiied to the Committee on
Pul he Lands They have íeported the present
bill lleconeideied that a memorial, coming from
one of the fiee ard republican Stutes of this Con-
federacy to this honorable body, should receive a
difleient treatment Common respect toa State
would, in his humble opinion, guaranty a course
entirely diffeient If the Old Boy himself were
depicted in the bill, it should not be tieated in this
manner, and be rejected thus unceremoniously,
but as tne bill, and the subject matter of which it
treats, are just and right, it ought like other prop-
ositions emanating fiom a i espectable source, go
to the pioper committee, or take the ordinary
course
Is it right that the claims and petitions of citizen
soldiei3, who sustained in the war with Great
Britain the honor and character of their country,
be rejected withoutmvestigation' Citizens that left
their homes and families and enteied the service
of then country to fight its bat'les against the
enemy, should their claims foi a bounty in land
be thus treated in the Congress of the United States>
Citizens who,m sustaining the liberty, honor, and
prosperity of the country, had fought and bled
under the stnnes, such as we see presented before
us, ate their claims to be rejected in the Congress
of the United States without a heanng >
[Mr R referred to the United States flag, sus-
pended in the Hall of Representatives ]
Mi WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, (who
made the motion to reject the billon the first read-
ing,) begged to explain that he made the motion
under a rule of the House, which was recognised,
and did not consider it "disrespectful" to the
House, or to the claims, to make the motion
Mr REYNOLDS observed that he had not
thought, or treated, the honorable member from
North Carolina, or his motion, with" uistespect "
Nor did he consider him treating the soldier's
claim with disrespect He had been lnioimed of
his charactei, and he had no such notion ot him,
but he did sincieiy believe that the motion was
wioi g
Mr R would repeat thit, should tne claims of
the soidiei, who defended trie h )i 01 and ( haiaoter
of the ountry, and wno advanced its prosper! y,
be rejected without examination, we wi I net see
the brave soldieis so ready to vo'unteei then ser-
vices If then c'aims he rejected in this manner,
we may again 1 eai of burnings and the destruc-
tion ot proper y by the enemy This Capitol may
be visited igain with the fi e ot the enemy, should
the dumb of tne soldiers be rejected thus hastily.
If this t eatment be visited on the soldier, who
| will de*ei d the country'  If such couise be pui-
j bued, he leared he would hear, in anothei wai, of
I tue dcstiuction of the Capitol agan —a thing, he
hoped, whi^h ik ver would again take place     The
honorable   memoer   fiom   Ohio   [Mr    Vikton]
remarked, tha    the militia and other troops re
ceived the compensation which the Government
agreed to give them     Mi  R said, this may be the
notions of the gentleman, who has been raised
undei the rigid system of contiacts, wheie there
was no liberality observed      This was not the
course which was puisued by this House     A lib-
eral and generous policy was observed on all occa-
sions
Mi R would refer the House to various cases
brought befoie it, wherein more was asked than a
rigid peiformance of a contract Justice and
equity should be administered to all, whethei their
claims weie founded on a contract or not, or even
if the claim exceeded a contract, if it were just and
equitable Look at the claim of Kilgore, from
Canada, who claimed pay for more than a con-
tract He claimed pay for services far exceeding
a contract, and which contract it beemed to Mi
R was founded in treason Claims even of this
character were sobeilyand candidly investigated
m this House, and should not the present bill be-
fore the House receive the same consideration ■•
Should the bill be of the chaiacter represented
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Chilton,]
it still ought not to be rejected in this manner
The bill was intelligible and easily understood It
would not fall within the definition of metaphys-
ics, such as the gentleman [Mr Chilton] de-
scribed it, that neithei the speaker nor his audience
undeistood the subject which they were dis-
cussing
Ihe bill, if it was not right in formm substanc,
could be altered and changed to suit the views of
the majority of the House     Almost all bills ex-
perience changes and alterations in their passage
Tnis cou d be so changed as to make it right
The object of the bill was to grant a bounty in
land in proportion to the bounty which the sol-
diers of the regular army received This bounty
was to be given to the United States rangers, m
pioportion to their services, and in relation to the
bounties given othei troops
This is so reasonable, and at the same time so
just, that he could not believe the House would
reject it at all, but he hoped the House would letam
the bill, change it if necessary, and finally pass it,
so as to embrace all troops that served in the late
war, and give them a bounty in land in propor-
tion to their services, and in proportion to the
bounty given other troops
Mr C ALLAN said, let the merits of this bill
be what they right, the course proposed oy his
honorable friend from Noith Carolina was a very
unusual one The bill was brought into the
House in tne usual way, through the ordinary
organ, one of its standing comm ttees It was
evident that they were not then prerjared to act so
definitively as proposed, for no two members who
had addressed the House, understood the bill the
same way, and every one had given it a different
interpretation For himself, he was not disposed
to reject this bill without any consideration though
he was not prepared to say how he should finally
vote upon it The subject was an important one,
connected with a large class of meritorious citizens
of the country, and did not the House from day
to day, and hour by hour, patiently consider bills
involving the mteiest of single individuals, and
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
would it reject a proposition for so large a class
as that embraced in the present bill, on its first
presentation'  He hoped his worthy friend would
not press his motion, but allow the bill to take the
usual course, by referring it to a Committee of the  t
Whole House, where its principles and provisions i
would undergo the most mature deliberation.   He
ao-ain repeated, that he could not then say how he |
should finally vote on the measure.                           'l
Mr. STEWART said, with a view of putting ,;
an end to what, in its present situation, was an  ,
unprofitable discussion, if the motion were in |
order, he would move to lay the whole subject on
the table                                                     .                   |
The CHAIR pronounced the motion out of
order.                                                                              I
Mr. ASHLEY wished to say a few words in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr Vivton ]
Mr A   believed that no troops during the late
war had been engaged in severer duties or per-
formed haider service than the rangers engaged
for twelve months m protecting our frontier.    It
was true they were paid a dollar per day for their
services, but  as stated by the gentleman from
Alabama, [M. Clay,] they had to furnish their
own horses and their own clothes, and any person
at all conversant with the services they performed,
would at once come  to the conclusion that that
amount was not more than was paid to the regu-
lar troops or infantry of the United States     The
former had to furnish their own horses and to
keep them in go< 4 condition, and in case of one
of them becoming disabled, or being lost, they
had either to procureanotherattheirownexpense,
to hire one, or to go on foot    Mr  A. had the
honor of commanding some of those men at that
time, and from his ov. n e\ lenenre, he could aver
that  their expenses amounted  to as much, and
generally to more than their pay     He believed
there were tnree times as many ranger?, propor-
tionate to their numbers, lost or the fiontier, as
there were of any o her class of troops in theser-
vice of the Urited S ates in that quarter.    Now,
inasmuch as these men did   perform series as
arduous ai (I a? dangerous as ,f they formed a part
of the regular trooi s  in  the army of the United
States, and  inasmuch as (he íezuLi  infantry re-
ceived ea<-h a quarter section of land for their ser-
vices, he was of opinion that ihe men en braced
in this bill were fairly entitled to the same boun.y,
although it was not in their contract
Mr A said, though he was opposed to the
immed.ue rejection of this bill, and in favor of
the principles of it, there were several of its pro-
ijsiors to whicn he did not assen', and a' the
he  intended  t> sub-nt some amerd
prt pe' time  ............
to it ft r the consideiation of trie  Hou -,
I I it due to the subject, that the bi'i
neiH
but he thou
the
: ,n
t^ojIJ be pointed and  properly considered and
dis )Osed of
Mr EWING sa.d a few words which were not
di-tinc ly I eard by the reporter He was under-
stood to be <<¡ posed to the motion to reject
Air LINCOLN" de'ired to siy a few word
t\ Lin, 'ion <,' the vo'e which he shoidd give on
the n o'mii n" the gentleman from Nnith Carolina,
IMr Wmiw] He did not propose to discuss
the ner.i- of ihe bib He retried to us pro-
MS'ons, at d contended ilia' it would aflord apre-
ceden* v. Inch would authorize etery soldier of the
IaL* vii t.. ex pet i s.mdar _" tuiiy Indeed, the
hi'] w is 1, <\\ i enough to in. ude the whole A
ci \,ho hil btrted three days, would
eiH.lM to this bounty as those w 10
hid M?rvcl me y<M- S irh « bill shiuld never
pe-  th.. ! I ,ntf If it si,on'', it woald be a v a>-
r«m M eveiv in! In m m wl o via 'n the s«ivre
,„ ,,le i ,till t , Pimi. f.MV. ii>! ind de-nnnd one
huiul-od v d - vy acres of hm1, although all tbot
1 , I been pron i-ed was m«uni 'vfml , }^e <„',<
not bfliftt
single rinj
1 e a<* n~> i< I
fien' to --i!
«ted 1 v lb
coi -uue 1 i
c iMoits ai <
f,i i'*-, he i
th- l> 'I in
. ,i the lithnc domain wou'd be -ufli-
fv t.ie denvi 1- which would be r,e-
,sMa oltlisb'll Le-t" night be
■o a pie.  d . !, mil eu< ourege appli
.p(v *h'cb must c\entu°'ly p-ove
m.'ted «hethti it  "i not pioper tnat
¡ i i,e rqe-'ed jt its piesenl stage
I  1
Tie "link    ifMi   L   were here anested bv a
ot un of Mi   W \1 \10lTOII, to oroieed to ti e
ib nil i n
of the 11 der  oí the d.y, which was
i amed
PAT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. WATMOTJGH asked the consent of the
House to take up the bill to regulate the pay of
1 the Navy.   He was desirous that the substitute
¡ which had been prepared for the original bill and
1 amendments, should be adopted, and the bill or-
I dered to be engrossed.
I    The motion was objected to.
I                      THE DEPOSITE BANKS.
1    The order of the day was the bill to regulate
' the deposite of the public moneys in certain local
' banks; and   the question   pending  thereon  was
the previous question, moved yesterday by Mr.
BOON.
Mr. PATTON moved a call of the House.
The CHAIR again decided the motion not to
be in order, upon the same grounds aa on yester-
day.
[The same question of order arose in the House
yesterday. The Chair decided the motion for a
call of the House before it was ascertained whether
there was a second to the previous question which
had been demanded, to beoutof order. In making
this decision, the Speaker declared that he con-
sidered the motion in order, but he felt bound to
conform to the decision of the House upon the
same point at its last session. It was for the
House, if it thought proper, to reverse its own
decision ]
Mr. PATTON thereupon appealed from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
A long discussion on the point of order ensued.
Messrs. PATTON,MILLER,F0STER.CAGE, '
SUTHERLAND, MERCER, E. EVERETT, I
S.  JONES,   HEATH,  and H.  EVERETT,
were for reversing the decision of the Chair, and I
Messrs   SPEIGHT, MASON of Virginia, and
HALL of North Carolina, were in its favor.          ¡
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and ¡
the íesult was—yeas 91, nays 113.                           |
YEAS—Messrs W Allen,Baylies,Beaumont,
Blair, Bockee, Boon, Brown, Burns, Bynum,
Carmichae!, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Corlee, Cramer, Day, Dickerson, Dickin-
son, Dunlap, Ferris, Fmester, William K. Fuller,
Galoraiih, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hannegan, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Heath, Henderson, How-
e'l, Hubbard, Huntington, Inge, Richard M.
Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Ben-
1-min Jones, Kilgore, Lane, Lansing, Lucas,
Lyon, Lvtle, JoefK Mann, Mardis, John Y
Mason, Moses Mason, jr , May, Melntire, Mc-
K.m McLene, McVean, H. Mitchell, Robert
Mitchell, Morgan,Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Page, Parker, Patteisoi, Franklin Pierce, Pieison,
Poik, Pope, Ramsay, Reynolds, Sehenck, Augus-
tus H. Sheppeid, Shinn, Smith, Speight, Standi-
<er William Tavlor, Thomson, Turnll, Vander-
poel.Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Wardwel),
Webstei, Whallon, White—91.                               j
;M4\S_ Messis JuhnQ. Adams, HemanAllen, '
T   J   Ail-n, Anthony, Ashley, BanKs, Barber,
Bainitz, Baninger, Beatty, Bell, Binney, Briggs, ,
Burd   Bui^es, Cambtelet,s. Chambers. Chilton,
Claiborne,CWilham  Clark,  Clayton,  Clowney,
Coram,   Crane,   Cn Kelt,    Dailington,   Amos
Davis,  Divenpoit,   Debeiry,   Denny,  Dickson,
Evans, Edward Eieiett, Horace Everett, Ewmg,
Fillmore, Foster, Towlei, Phdo C Fuller, Fulton,
Gamble,   Garland,   Gl.oU>on, Gilmei,   Goidon,
Goihem, Graham, Giavsm, G enne'l, Gr-fiin,
Hi'ai d Hall, Hamer, Hard, Haul o. Jam'stlar-
pei, H.zelt.nc, Hiestei, Will am JacUon, Eoene-
7er Jrckson, Janes, Ja.vN Henry Johnson, Sea
bo-n Jones, K.unird, Liporte, Lay, Lea. Lee,
Letchei, Lincoln. Loy all, Abiph Menn, F , Mir-
tnvhle. Mar-lnh, McCaitv, MeCon-es, M Kay,
Mclve n  .,, McKmley, Mercer, Md'er. Mill gan,
Miner, >r-o.e, Pi'm , Di.'ee T   Pearce, P'"I"P^
Pick  s  P.n.knev, Pot-, iletd, Rencnei, Robert-
son, Wilinm B  Siepird,SlaJe,Spanglei,&'ee.e,
Stewait, Wiilnm P   Ti\lor, Pfiilemoi Thomas,
Tomikins. T.umbuU, Tveedv, Vance, \iitor,
Walmcugl , Tieler civ Wl .' 't.et, E isha Whu-
t'e-e- , Wilde, Wibiams, Wii^o',, V  ise, > oung
",--o tie House determn.ed that the motion for a
cail of,,he House was m ordtr.
The motion for a call of the House was then
put, and negatived, without a division.
The question then recurring on the motion for
the previous question—
Mr. GRAHAM appealed to the honorable mem-
ber from Indiana to withdraw his motion for the
previous question.
Mr. BOON said though he did not wish to be
obstinate, he could not withdraw the motion. The
discussion on this bill was arresting all the other
business of the country, and he thought-had
already extended to a sufficient length.
The question was then taken by tellers; and
there were—ayes 97, noes 105.
So the House refused to second the call for the
previous question.
The question being then on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr. BINNEY said he was desirous of proposing
certain amendments, which, however, did not con-
flict with the general principles of the bill, but, as
he believed, tended rather to improve and render
it more acceptable to many who were in favor of
its passage.    He was aware that the House was
very desirous of passing to the consideration of
other important business; and he coincided in the
wish that the question should be taken this day.
He should therefore endeavor to economise the
time of the House, so far as he could with a due
regard  to  perspicuity.     He had  said   that the
amendment he was about to propose did not con-
flict with the principles of the bill.   Those princi-
ples, he wished to be understood, were such as
he could never bring his mind to adopt.   This
consideration, however, did not debar him from
making a reasonable effort to render them more
consistent with his own views of right, and of the
true interests of the country     The objections
which he entertained to the bill in its present
shape were  its  insecurity—its partiality, and its
tendency to political influence.    In relation to the
first of these points, its insecurity, he contended
that he had the warrant of experience.    The sys-
tem of using the State banks for the depositories
of the public treasure hed been tried and failed—
egregiously failed, and that under circumstances
remarkably similar to the present.   The honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means had said that this was " no longer an
experiment." In regard to its first tnalhe granted
it was not an experiment; but m relation to the
present, he differed materially from that gentle-
man.    It was, he conceived, as much an experi-
ment now as it was when it was first so denomi-
nated.   It had been tried but one short year, and
we were now told it had succeeded, and  must
continue to succeed.    The experiment, on its
former trial, not only for one, for two, or for three
years, but for three years and a half, had the
same apparent success.   At the end of that Pe«oa,
in less than six weeks, it was exploded, and the
currency of the country was ¡eft for more than a
year in  the most deplorable condition.    To con-
tend that this experiment was tested in the short
time in which  it had been in operation, with the
recent trial of a like experiment, and its failure in
three and a half years staring in our faces, was to
him preposterous     Not only did he contend that
the experiment had not been fully tiled, but it had
not been fairly begun.   Its result was only post-
poned    The causes conducing to this postpone-
ment were, first, the refusal  on the part of the
Bank of the United States to obey the mandate
1 fiom the Treasury Depaitment to call in its circu-
lation—her refusal to  proceed with the work m
, which she had begun.    It was this spirit of oppo-
i Mt,on—fact.ous opposition if you choose—to the
virtual command of the department to ca.l in her
circulation which formed one principal cause ot
the postponen-ent of the effect of the experiment.
The other cajse to which  he referred was the
celebrated and salutary panic of 1833, which in-
, duced a curtailment of one-fourth of our imports,
and the substitution of returns m specie.   Mr.
B  next called the attention of the House to the
1 sum anty of the circumstances existing in ibid
and in 1833   There was, he believed, at the former
neuod as much  specie in the country as at the
alter    Aftei pursuing this subject at some length,
he leferred to the losses said to have beer, sus-
tained by the Goverrment by its places of depos-
es    He contended that it had, propeily speak-
238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
ing, lost nothing by the Bank of the United States.
Mr B then went into an examination of his sec-
ond proposition, that the operation of the present
system was partial towards various portions of
the country. He also dwelt, at considerable
length, on the possibilities of the fiscal agents of
the Government being used for political effect, and
concluded by enumerating the advantages to be
secuied by the provisions of his amendment.
Mr PATTON said he was in favor of the prin-
ciples of this bill, and was desirous that it should
be adopted, and he was determined, so far as his
own action was concerned, that every member of
the House should be enabled to present such
amendments as he should think necessary, in
order to make it as peifect as possible, and in
some he might himself concur. Mr P. said he
should not enter at large into the question. He
agreed with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Binney,] that the question of the Bank of
the United States was finally settled. The question
now was, what were we todo' There were other
great questions brought into this discussion The
most important was that of executive encroach-
ment in relation to the removal of the deposites,
again alleged by those who had before fought the
battle and lost it Mr P. was íeady to enter the
contest again with any one, and to maintain, as
he had maintained before, that the conduct of the
Executive upon that occabion was neither an
encroachment upon the powers of that House
nor an invasion of the Constitution, but was in
exact conformity with the principles of the Gov-
ernment as established in 1789
But the question was whether, the Bank of the
United States being about to expne as the fiscal
agent of the Government, there was any necessny
of making regulations for the disposition of the
public deposites, and what those regulations should
be' Much had been said about the experiment
that had been made Mr P. denied that it was
an experiment, foi it had existed and had been
going on from the foundation of the Government
to the present time State banks had been so
employed fiom 1789, not only down to 1816, but
down to the present moment. In 1811, when the
Bank of the United States had been in operation
for twenty yeare, and when judgment of death was
about to be pronounced against it by Congress, a
report was made to that House showing that one
thud of the money of the country was in State
banks. That of twenty-one deposite banks eleven
of them were chaiteied State banks In many of
the States, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode
Island, there was no branch of the United States
Bank He referíed to the authority of Mr Gal-
latin to prove that all the money of the country
was deposited in State banks, except at Noifolk
He also referred to the speeches ot many gentle-
men on both sides of the question at that time,
showing that m the event of the bank going down,
the use of State banks for places of the public de-
posites was contemplated. If then this system
was an experiment, it was an experiment made in
1789, and continued to be used down to 1816
Mr P entered into a review of the circumstan-
ces attending the recharter of the present Bank of
the United States, and quoted the opinion of Ml.
Webster, Mr Clay, and other gentlemen then
in Congress, and read an extract fiom the report
of Mr Gallatin to the Senate of the United
States m 1811, in favor of the rechaiter of the
United States Bank, to show that he believed State
banks might be safely used by the Treasuiy.
Whether we regal ded this as a political or a mere
financial question, it must still be a question be
tween the establishment of the Bank of the United
States and the State banks He thought the de-
velopment of the last three or four years, and the
last year especially, had proved the dangerous in-
fluence of the formei institution. He once thought
the charges brought against it overrated, but he
thought so no longer. From the State banks
nothing was to be feared, their profits were dis-
tributed and disbursed over the whole country;
they were under the control of the State govern-
ments, and their being in a continual state of ri-
valry towards each other would all tend to keep
them within proper limits
Much had been siid about the influence the State
of New York would derive by the passage of this
bill.   Mr. P said it was to the city and not to the
State this application should be made. That city
had great influence,and would always possess it,
from her immense commercial advantages, and
nothing could stop her course.
With regard to giving the Secretary of the
Treasury the control over the deposite banks, he
did not believe it ever was, or ever would be, used
as an engine of political power, or that it could to
any great extent. Besides, the powei of Congress
could at any time interpose to prevent his exercise
of any undue influence At the proper opportu-
nity it was his intention to offer an amendment to
the clause prohibiting the employment of any
bank as a place of deposite for the public moneys
that issued notes in 1833, of a less denomination
than ten dollars, for he thought it better to leave
the matter to be acted upon when the time should
arrive, according to the circumstances that might
then exist He thought it wrong thus to bind
their successois, and the evils the country had
endured from the question of the Bank of the
United States had grown out of what some called
a contiact made by the Congress of 1816 with that
institution Theie was no necessity for passing
this clause to restrict the State banks, and they
were not required to do it It was trammelling,
and unnecessarily trammelling, the bill
Mr. P. concluded by again declaring his inten-
tion to vote for (he bill.
Mr E. EVERCTT said he wished to offer an
amendment to the bill when the proper time should
arrive He expressed his appiobation of the sev-
eral amendments of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Binney ] He last year voted against
the bill, for he regarded it as part of an illegal
system in violation of the existing law chartenng
the Bank of the United States He said, if the
amendments of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr Binney] were adopted, he should vote in
favor of the bill. He was opposed to placing so
much'power as that of selecting the deposite banks
in the will and discretion of the Secretary of the
Tieasury. He was awaie of the difficulty of the
case, but his plan, he thought, would obviate it,
and that was to place the money m those banks
that would pay most for its use, all other things
being equal, and taking care that it he perfectly
secure. Such a provision was equitable, and he
hoped would lj£ adopted, and he should offer it
hereafter to the consideration of the House.
Mr. WILDE rose to appeal to all parties, the
friends of the amendments in particular, to bring
the question to a close. There were only sixteen
days of the session remaining, and the present
discussion was arresting all the business of the
country Every speech made in favor of the
amendment was virtually in favoi of the previous
question. The House had shown a disposition to
permit the question to be taken dnectly on the
several amendments, and he hoped the discussion
would terminate
Ml GRAHAM offered an amendment pro-
viding that four per cent per annum should be
paid for the use of the public moneys by the banks
m which they were deposited, and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury keep a pioper book of ac-
counts,&c Mr G advocated his amendment in
a few words
Mr McKINLEY expressed a hope that the
question would be taken on the amendment at
once.
Mr. POLK asked for a division of the question
on the amendments proposed by Mr Binnly, and
replied to the argument used m favor of lequinng
interest from the deposite banks. To select those
banks which would give most for the use of the
public moneys, would in almost all cases be select-
ing the worst bank Mr P. leiterated his remarks
made the other day, showing the impracticability
of enforcing mteiest upon so fluctuating a capital
as that would be, which might be placed m a bank
to-day and called for to-morrow The only plan
he thought that could be devised would be by a
sinking fund, regulated at each session of Con-
gress. At present there was only about half a
million m the Treasury, and by the end of the
session there woulJ remain very little. As soon
as the contingency existed of a positive unex- I
pended balance m the Treasuiy, it would be time
enough to provide for it.
Mi. FILLMORE stated that the unexpended
balances belonging to the State of New York, in
the banks there, did produce an interest of from
four to five per cent.
Mr. GRAHAM again urged the propriety of
bis amendment, and asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The amendment of the gentleman was then put
and negatived, without a division.
The first clause of Mr Binney's amendment
to the third section of the bill, distinguishing
private from public funds, was then agreed to,
without a division.
The second clause of the amendment having
been read—                                                 *
Mr. McKINLEY made a few remarks thereon
Mr. JONES moved to strike out one-fourth,
and insert one-fifth of the amount of specie, &c,
to be kept in the vaults of the banks.
Mr BINNEY accepted the modification.
Mr. POLK explained why the provision had
been made in the bill by the committee; and
thought it should not be changed. At the time
when the Bank of the United States was con-
sidered the safest institution m-the country, it had
only six millions to meet forty-two millions—the
amount of its liabilities only one seventh.
Mr. PARKER and Mr McKIM made a few
remarks on the amendment.
Mr CAMBRELENG said if this amendment
were adopted, it would virtually defeat the whole
bill
Mr. BINNEY asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered                     ,
Mr. CRAMER moved an adjournment. Nega-
tived.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment; which was agreed to—
yens 109, nays 99
Mr. POLK asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion proposing to make the bill under consider-
ation and another bill in relation to the transfer
of certain books, &c, from the Bank of the United
States, the special orders for twelve o'clock each
day, except Saturdays, until the same should be
disposed of, and providing that petitions should
be received as usual on Mondays.
Objection being made,
Mr. POLK moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offei the resolution He was de-
sirous that those bills should be disposed of to-
moi row
Mi BEATTY moved that the House adjourn.
Carried—ayes 90, noes 86
So the House SBjourned at a quarter to six
o'clock
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 13, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs  BENTON, TOMLINSON, and LINN
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a memo-
rial of the Cherokee delegation, complaining of
the decision of the War Department in their case,
and praying the interposition of Congress for their
relief, which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public- Lands, to which was referred the bills
from the House for the relief of Samuel Doxey,
and for the relief of Sutton Stephens, reported the
same, the first without, and the last with an amend-
ment.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referí ed the petition of the
settlers on the public lands near Michigan City,
praying for certain preemption rights, reported
unfavorably upon the same, and the committee
were discharged from the further consideration
thereof
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bills from the
House for the relief of Thomas Beaufort and
Shubael Conant, reported the same, severally>
without amendment.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which was referred the bill
making an appropriation to construct certain roads
in Michigan Territory, reported the same without
amendment.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the same committee, ¡
to which was referred the bill in addition to th* ,
act for the continuation and repair of the Cum- j
berland road, reported the same without amend- j
mejAt   SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-'
merce   to which was referred the bills from the
House for the relief of Stephen Smith and others,
reported the same severally without amendment.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Naval Committee, .
reported a bill to regulate the pay of the Navy of j
the United States; which was read the first time I
and ordered to a second reading.                            |
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Committee, >
to which was referred the bill from the House to |
prescribe the punishment of consuls, commercial ¡
agents, and  others, reported the same without,
amendment.                                                           I
Mr. PRESTON, from the same committee, to ,
which was referred the bill changing the time of ,
holding the district courts of the United States
m Western Virginia, held at Clarksburg, reported j
the same without amendment.                               j
GEOLOGICAL INVESTIGATIONS.               |
Mr.  WAGGAMAN submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the report
received from the person charged with the miner-
alógica! and geological investigation authorized
by an act of Congress at the last session.
AMERICAN DIPLOMATIC CODE.
The joint resolution authorizing the purchase
of fifty copies of the American Diplomatic Code, ,
for the use of the Senate, was taken up for con-,
eideration; and, on motion of Mr. HILL, was laid I
on the table.
COLONEL GAD HUMPHREYS.                J
The bill to settle the accounts of Colonel Gad ¡
Humphreys was taken up, considered as m Com- t
mittee of the Whole, and, on motion of Mr.
WHITE, was laid on the table.                           j
COMPENSATION, ETC, OF CUSTOM-HOUSE
OFFICERS.
The bill fixing the number and compensation of
the custom-house officers of the United States,and
to alter certain collection districts, came up on a
third reading.                       „,     , ,    ,  .    ,   , ,.
Mr SILSBEE moved to fill a blank m the bill,
preserving the 31st December next as the period
when the bill is to take effect; which was agreed
to.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF COLONEL JOHN LAW-
RENCE.
The bill supplementary to the act for the relief
of the representatives of Colonel John Lawrence,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
'when it was opposed by Mr. HILL, who asked
the yeas and nays upon us passage; which were
A Per some remarks from Mr. FRELING-
HUYSEM. the biH was ordered to be engrossed
for a thud reidins, by the following vote:
YE-VS-Messfs Bell, Bibb, Black, Clay, Ew-
in , Frelinsb.uys.en, Goldsborough, Hendncks,
Kane, Ken,, King of Alabama, Knignt, Leigh,
Linn. McKean, Moore, Naudmn, Powdewer,
Pren-i-s, Pieston, Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee,
Smith, Southard, Swift, T.pton, lomlinson, ly-
lei, Wagsairmr., Web*tei, W hue—3-
N\YS—\U^is. Benton, Brown, Calhoun,
Cuti.i.e.t. Giun.lv, Hill, King of Georgia, Man-
gum. Morris, Uuggles, Shepley, Tallmadge,
Wright—13
CHARLES J. CKTLETT.
The huí for the relief of Charles J. Catlett was
couriered as m Committee of the Whole, and
aftei «ome remark-  from Me-sr« J) Lfc.lv, A AU-
DA1X, WEBSTER, and KING of Alabama,
'the hour of one hiung arrived,)
Mr CALHOUN moved to ay the b.l upon
the table, with a view to proceed to the orders of
the day, which was azreed to.
THE rouii YEARS' LAW.
The Senate then p.oceeded to consider, as m
Committee of the Whole, the bill to
terms of certain officers, commonly called the four
years' law.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to make a few remarks.
| He had not anticipated any particular objections
I to the bill before the Senate.    Eight years ago it
| would be remembered a bill passed through that
body (the Senate) for restricting executive pat-
| ronage; it was termed the four years' bill; it was
¡ an act which imposed the most solemn obligation
I on the present Administration.   He would revert
! to the strong feelings which overthrew that Admin-
, istration and put the present one in power.    The
¡ principles then professed and held up as the basis
i of our free institutions he feared had been, too
' soon forgotten. That Administration was accused
of extravagance; of building up the power and
1 increasing the influence of the Federal Govern-
' ment.   One of the first acts that marked the com
mencement of the Administration was the Panama
' question. Then there was some slight indications
i that the four years' law would be perverted by the
| removal of printers and the like. So very sensitive
were the party now in power, at that time, that
j  they were instantly aroused to action.   The sub-
j ject of executive patronage was then committed
' by the Senate to an able committee, who reported
thereon.   This committee was composed of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
Mr. Macon, of North Carolia, the distinguished
individual who presided over that body, [Mr. Van
Bcren,] Mr. White, Mr. Finley, Mr. Dickin-
son, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Hayne, and Mr. Johnson.
Mr. C. then requested his colleague [Mr. Pres-
ton] to read some extracts from the report of that
committee.   After the reading Mr. C. resumed: .
such were (said he) the principles that had been
held up to the people; such were the hopes that had
been excited, that if those then in power were ex-
pelled, and their opposers put iraheir places, these
principles should prevail.    On the faithful fulfil-
ment of such pledges much depended.   If they
were neglected the public would lose all confidence
in its servants; the people would cease to be in-
terested in public affairs.    He would repeat, how
had these pledges been redeemed ?   The Senator
[Mr Benton] had complained that of the four-
teen'years he had been on that floor, during the
first seven he could obtain nothing as a favor from
the Government. But the last seven, he had wished
to employ in retaliation.   That spirit had spread
i through  every department of the Government.
Wave°after wave had spread over the land.   And
if that course was pursued, he would  ask what
would be the result?   He would tell the Senator
that although he might be acquitted before those
who were interested; although he might be ac-
of specie which the deposite banks were required
to keep on hand.]
The SPEAKER said the motion would be re-
ceived, and would regularly come up for consid-
eration when the bill should be taken up.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Rob-
ert Allison, a lieutenant in the revolutionary war;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John
Bartlett; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill authorizing the
circuit court for the District of Columbia to hold
an extra term for the trial of criminal causes;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John Cowper;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas Beauchamp;
which was read twice and committed. _
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, &c.,
were made by Messrs K AVAN AGH, BRIGGS,
GALBRAITH, CHAMBERS, FULTON,
HOWELL, and CLAY, from their respective-
committees.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY moved that the Na-
tional Temperance Society be permitted to have
the use of the Hall of Representatives on Monday
evening next.
It was objected to.
Mr. W. then moved to suspend the rule of the
House, in order that he might be enabled to sub-
mit the motion; which was agreed to—yeas 117,
nays 37.                                    ,
The motion was then submitted, and agreed
tq—yeas 103, nays 41.
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following resolution; and the
question being taken, it was disagreed to—two-
thirds not voting in the affirmative:
Resolved, That the bill No. 563, entitled a bill
regulating the deposites of the money of the Uni-
ted States in certain local banks, and the bill No.
564, entitled a bill to repeal so much of the act
entitled an act transferring the duties of Commis-
sioners of Loans to the Bank of the United States,
as requires the Bank of the United States to per-
form the duties of Commissioner of Loans for the
several States, be the standing order of the day,
for this day at one o'clock, and in each succeeding
day at twelve o'clock, Saturday excepted, until
disposed of, and that until the hour of twelve
o'clock, on each day, the business of the House
miitted bv the present generation; yet he must be I 0>clock, on each day, the business of the House
md before another Tribunal, before posterity, | shaU proceed in the order prescribed by the rules
L?wAe; would be condemned unless he" retraced     of the^ House; but it shall be in order to present
vhere he would be condem
his footsteps.                                        , ,    -,
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
PFNToT SOUTHARD, CALHOUN, POIN- I
nEVTER KING, of Alabama, WEBSTER,
i l \-V CUTHBERT, LEIGH,BIBB,GOLDS-
BOROUGH HENDRICKS, and FRFLLNG-
HUYSEN Towards the close of the day, the
discussion was exceedingly animated and inter-
«tin", and became personal between Messrs.
BENTON and CALHOUN, to a dei.ee which
terminated ,n repeated calls to order. Weatatain
from any remaiks upon the couise which the dé-
oste took; but as it has produced great excitement
and as much interest has been felt with rega.d to
an report, as accurately as it can be prepared,
w'ill be given m a few days.
At half-past five o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday  Feb) nary 13, 1833.
The motion heretofore submitted by Mr. PHIL-
T IPS  to mint two thousand extra copies of the
íeSort of 3e Commmeeon Commerce, relame to
Z proposed South sea expedition, was considered
BDMrgPLUMMER moved to recon«d.jr A.jro.e
¡unit the
the adoption of the amendment
0 the bill in rtlation
^^itiS-sm regard to the amount
0{ yestetday, upon theadop
oileicd by Mr. BINNED , t
l petitions and memorials on Monday.
Mr. CONNOR, from the select committee ap-
Dorated at the last session to examine into and
report the situation of the Post Office Department,
made a detailed report.
Mr C. moved that the report be laid upon the
table and printed.
Mr. C. remarked that the documents accompa-
nying the report were voluminous, and that twe
of the members of committee had undertaken to
collate them, and dispense with such as were
unimportant. The remainder he moved to print,
together with the i eport.
Mr. GARLAND asked for the reading of the
Mr CONNOR'had no objection; but the report
, was lengthy. and would probably be followed by
' a counter one of equal length,
i     Mr GARLAND withdrew his motion.
I    The report and documents were then oidered to
i be printed.                                                         ,
I Mr E WHITTLESEY, fiom the minority of
thecommiuee, presented the viewsof the iminority
in a separa-e report; which was laid on the table
and ordered to be primed.
Mi. BRIGGS moved to print twenty-five thou-
sand extra copies of each report, together with
thMr°CSPEÍGHT suggested ten thousand copies.
The motion, unde, the rule, lies over one day.
1        AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION. _
f    Mi. GILMER moved to take up ceitam joint
240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
resolutions, heretofore submitted by him, pro
posing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, in relation to the election of Pres-
ident and Vice Piesident.and for other purposes
He did not wish to discuss them at present, but
desired that they should be read a second time,
and postponed to a particular day.
The motion was objected to
Mr GILMER moved to suspend the rule
Mr DICKINSON demanded theyeasand nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 150, nays 56
The íesolutiona were then taken up, read a sec-
ond time, and, on motion of Mr GILMER, their
further consideration was postponed to Thursday
next, and made the sneeial order for that day
Mr HANNEGAN, by consent, laid on the
table an amendment to the foiegoing resolutions,
providingthatSenators in Congressshall be elected
directly by the people, by general ticket, in each
State
PETITIONS, ETC , PRESENTED.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs HUBBARD, J Y MASON,
ARCHER, and ASHLEY, and appropriately
referred
LUCY BOND AND HANNAH DOUGLASS.
Mr YOUNG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate for the relief of Lucy Bond
and Hannah Douglass
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr WILLIAMS, (with the consent of Mr
Lincoln, who was entitled to the floor,) with-
drew his motion to reject the bill reponed by Mi
Casey, fiom the Committee on the Public Lands,
entitled "a bill granting a bounty m lands to the
organized militia men, mounted militia men, and
rangers, who defended the frontier during the late
•war with Great Britain "
The bill was then read a second time,
Mr CASEY moved that it be committed to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to morrow, and, together with the
repoit, he printed
Mr WILLIAMS was satis6ed that the bill
could not be acted on at the present session, and
he theiefore moved to lay the bill on the table
Mr CARR demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion, which were ordeied, and were—yeas 131,
nays 86
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table
VIVA VOCE VOTING.
Mr REYNOLDS moved to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution offered by him on the
24th December last, providing that in elections of
officers foi the House, the vote should be taken
t>ti>« voce He thought the subject should be dis-
posed of
The motion was objected to
On motion of Mr EVANS, the House pio-
ceeded to the consideration of the orders of the
day
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications, which were appropri-
ately disposed of
Prom the Secretary of War, containing informa
tion in relation to the Delaware breakwater,
From the Secretary of War, in relation to a
road on the northern frontier of the State of
Mame,
Prom the Secretary of War, enclosing a re
survey, plan, and estimate, foi building a light-
house on Brandywme shoal, in the Delaware
Bay,
From the Secretary of War, covering a report
of all the contracts madebythe War Department,
for the year 1834, made pursuant to law
HARBOR OF MaCKI^AW
A memorial from the Legislative Council of
Michigan in i elation toa light house, light-vessel,
and the improvement of the harbor of Mackinaw
SENATE. BILLS.
The foüowng bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed
A bill making an appropriation for building a
light house at Mobile Point, and placing a buoy in
Mobile bay,
A bill in addition to an act for the relief of the
legal representatives of George Hubbert, deceased,
A bill to change the organization of the General
Post Office,
A bill for the continuation and repair of the
Cumberland road, m the States of Ohio, Illinois,
and Indiana, and
A bill to fix the number and compensation of
the officers of the customs, and to alter certain
collection districts
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were read a third time and
A bill for the relief of Enoch Blaisdell,
A. bill granting pensions to certain   persons
therein named
A billgrantmga pension to John F Wiley, and
increasing the pension of George Tields,
A bill gianting a pension to William Slocum,
A bill granting a pension to William Wilges,
A bill lor the relief of Samuel M  Asbury,
A bill  granting  a  pension to Francis F   St
Cuir,
A bill for the relief of the invalid pensioners
therein mentioned
A bill granting a pension to Joseph Mead,
A bill granting a pension to Luke Vooihise,
A bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon Mor-
gan,
A bill granting a pension to Benjamin Leslie,
A bill granting pensions to William Baden and
James Harrington,
A bill foi the relief of John Aston,
A bill for the relief of Ephiaim Y  Gilbert,
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Carter
A bill granting a pension to John Gerodelle,
A bill tor the relief of Samuel Shelmerdme,
A bill for the relief of Thomas Morton,
A bill to mciease the pension of Ougen Eaton,
A bill granting a pension to John W Cox,
A bill for the lelief of Joseph Swaitwood,
A bill granting an arrearage of pension to Ed-
waid Nicholson,
A bill for the relief of Abraham E  Boutwell
and David Peaison,
A bill granting a pension to Robert Lucas,
A bill for the relief of George Mrradden,
A bill foi the relief of Simeon S Momll and
Theophilus Beekman,
A bill for the relief of George C Seaton,
A bill gianting a pension to Lamed Swallow,
A bill granting a pension to John Bryant,
A bill granting a pension to Noah Millei,
A bill placing Captain Cole, a Seneca Chief, on
the pension roll,
A bill foi the lehef of Benjamin Iloihnd,
A bill for the lelief of William Kellei
A bill granting a pension to Justus Cc bb,
A bill gianting a pension to LabertL Van Vel
kenburg,
A bill granting a pension to Isiac Ecknght,
A bill for the lelief of William C  Beard,
A bill for the relief of Tacob Stewait,
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodgett,
A bill foi the relief of 1 homas Simj s n,
A bill for the relief of Thankful Raidill,
A bill for tne relief of Colonel D uml Ne i nan,
A bill foi the relief of Peiei Triple ,
A bill for the relief of Petei Doxtator and Jacob
Weaver,
A bill for the relief of John Dal, of Mame,
A bill for the íelief of Simeon Meachum,
A bill foi the relief Joseph Gilbert,
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Samuel Southerland,
A bill foi the relief of Timothy Jordan,
A bill for the lelief of Daniel Page,
A bill for the relief of Walter Phillips,
'     A bill for the relief of E' zabetb May
i     A bill for the rtlief of Jaied Buckingham,
I     A bill for the íehef of Solomon Case,
A bill for the relief of the widow of Noah Chit
tenden,
L   A bill for the relief of Colonel William Law-
Irence,
A bih to provide for naying certain pensioners
at Jackbon, in the Stale of Tennessee, and
A bill fiom the Senate to  provide for further
compensation to the mar&hal for the disti ct of
Delaware
The bill to provide additional compensation to
the marshal of the dts'ru,  of South Carolina, was
i ordered to be engrossed, and read a thud tirite
RELIEF OF CITIZENS OF ARKANSAS.
The bill for the relief of citizens of Arkansas
who lost their improvements in consequence of a
treaty with the Choctaw Indians, was taken up
An amendment reported fiom the committee to
this bill, and also one offered by Mr HARDIN,
were adopted
Mr VINTON opposed the passage of the bill
He considered it tantamount to giving a reward
for the violation of the laws
Mr SEVIER (the Delegate from Arkansas)
defended the justice of the provisions of the bill
with great animation He contended that those
who remained upon their lands in defiance of the
orders of the Govei nment had been paid, while to
those who obeyed, and went off, this just remu-
neiation was denied The Government had taken
these improvements and transferred them for a
valuable consideration Its refusal to pay the
claims of those citizens, he could look upon as but
little better than highway robbery. If ever there
was a claim which appealed most strikingly to the
justice of the House, he conceived this to be the
one He dwelt on the ments of those individuals
who act as the pioneers in the settlement of our
frontiers, denominated squatters There were many
of them his particular friends 1 he bill was de-
signed to render them sheer justice, and he hoped
it would be passed
Mr BURGES said he knew the sportive feel-
ings of the gentleman from Arkansas, or he should
regret to hear any action of the Government com-
pared to highway robbery, but that gentleman
defended the system of " squatting"—(a by word,
by the way, which had obtained currency here,
but which he did not remember to have evei used
before)—as meritorious, and as having been re-
warded by the grant of lands fiom the early days
of the Government It was very true, when the
savages hung upon our fronueis like a cloud—
when the war whoop resounded, and the toma-
hawk and scalping knife were drinking the blood
of their victims, we did give the public lands to all
those who put their lives in their hands and acted
as pioneers in opening the wilderness to our citi-
zens But now, in profound peace, when the
danger fiom the savages was gone by, and the
settler had nothing to do but to take up the public
pioperty at the public expense, the case was widely
different He understood that some of these set-
tlers had made large improvements—large cotton
ilantations, &,<• , because there was no obstruction
to tneir settlement Would the gentleman pretend
to compare th^se men with the hardy pioneers of
the West, who planted and defended their habita-
tions in pei il> He considered the bill altogether
ti e most singular that had evei been presented.
He denied the justice of the claims which ltcoun-
tenanced
Messrs EWING and ASHLEY addressed the
House in favor of the b II
Mr  HARD1JN  proposed another amendment,
by adding to one of the piovisions of the bill the 
woidij, " which is, by law, subject to entry "
Mr MASON stated the views which influenced
thecommitlee to report the bill, and advocated, at
some length, Ks pa sfige
Mr V1N TON again rose, and seated the objec-
tions he entertained to the-bill The persons here
proposed to be indemnified had gone on to the
publ c lands without the sanction or color of law,
and in dnect violation of law The lands in ques-
t on had never been authorized to be sold or settled
If the principle sanctioned in the bill was to ootain,
the Government had better give up the public
domain entirely, as it was no longer sa'e in its
custody
Mr BURGES said he ag-eed with the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr Vinton ] thet if the princi-
ples of this bill were to be sanctioned, we had
better abandon the public lands altogether We
had subdued the natives who were its true and
original owners They had been driven across
the great river of the West They had gone to-
wards the setting sun, and would reach the happy
isles of the creed of then fathers before we could
render them justice It was high time, he thought,
for this Government to compel some respect for
the rules of moral honesty—that the nubhc lands
might be viewed as other rroperty, and depreda-
tions commuted on it punished in like manner
One of the gentlemen had told us that he repre-
J.-3\
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
241
&euted these pe jple     bo let him     He supposed '
¡i wa4- " ii'<- master, like man "   But he would
ti,;g < t it ug u icii km nt t to c ft reflections on his
cons'! ueu s     ii d< ub el whether he could name
a iliE.ii a  lung t t i mudara on  tot public lands
fro 1 ihebluteoí lii  ><tc loiund    If tr tie were any
beitler   fiom   Hut 's f te,  he  had   doubtless   pur
(.lasedlrom    h ifcU  Jv     It he had purchased from
,  laud tine!, lie  had  ¡   n I ased without knowing
t lat it was stolen     Another gentleman [Vlr  Ma
sonJ had ^¡i d it was t e pilicy of the old States
to prevent men poor from acquiring the lands of
the WeM------
Mr VIA-0 >. i id such was rot his sentiments
He had illudtii t > it us the lang idge of the West
Mr boiitjd^j «aid he was very glad, he was
delisted to hear th tt th s was not the ianguj^e
of me Jaii'eman ft mi Virginia K ni ght d > tor
the West, wneic sucn slumps were fuuud, but he
should re„ret to neir i Iron < ne coming from the
viuiiii} oi the Pot uia-1 Mr B hail i was true
the peoi 'e oi the Co. , by giving empl jvmeni to
their ¡>J >r, n in i it «-tures, ü.d d sourase the
nngr.it on of tuc'i as v ere tio poor to purchase
lanes, as u was kn jira they could not get land
withru' I'u'iderngu and he a'ree I with Adam
Smith, t t >r ml luggage ihe iiai s ioru.'ion of
human beings wjs the most expensive We of
tile La t (n> d Vlr B )know we r>sve many estao
lished m tlie West v, i o < re now cm fne> d , at i 
whj wei" once < ur neignbors We rejo < e in
the r p os len v, Knowing, as we do, that they
iorrn a c am witii Us whi h binds tlie Union to
gether Liu' it \ as h gh lime for the neirl^ f
Uiis ooumi y to set some value on the puol c lauüs
If it c ) mutd t je cli cd ou and ti e I est of it
saciifi e(! to Tec d^u r^, it would oefritiereu away
to a s[ oJow ll v e cou'd ^aveenuii^l of n io
ecuca eon midie , one g e it oojeel would be
gm ed prd il is was t le oi y o ject which could
j isi fy iss in 1 iy ng our hands upen it
Mr PVRivER «aid a <evy words in opposition
tc the I ill ll the-e i ,div duals had well grounded
claims on the Government, let them be presented
here tor payment in money Vfe had a key to
the Iieasury here, but none to the land treasury
He was opiosed to this system of voting oi e hun-
dred and sixty acres for every claim of one cent
or one dollar
Mr CPtOCKETT said he would go as far as
the President in his message proposed to go He
would give every citizen a portion of the public
lands who would settle upon it No act of the
President's h'e pleased him so much as the avowal
of this sentiment He was in favor of the bill,
bat speaking had become so lashionaole on tnat
floor, in this pressing stage of the business of the
session, that he began to believe in the doctrine
that silei ce was a vntue
Mr H-iMNLG^N said he did not rise so
much for the purpose of debating the merits of
the bill ui der consideration, as of replying to and
reoelln g the u iwarrantable and insidious asDer-
sioi s so urijustlv cast upon the western country by
the gent ennn from Rhode 1 land, [Mr Bliges ]
aspersions for which no cause could be assigned,
no -eas-on found in wnat was then pending uefore
the House, or had been previously uttered in de-
bate -cbaiges the most extraoidmary that he had
ever heard uttered on that floor, and without the
e! ade of provocan in To them, however, a>id to
the gentlemen from Rhode Island, he would not
re^y in the spirit tnat had ditta'ed that gentle-
min'o wanton reprotones upon a race of people
about whom he knew nothing, and to whose
habits he would, in all likelihood, forever con-
tinue a sliinger Mi II sud his sut prise had
been mcreised, when he íeüected from whatquar-
ter this atia k came, Imm one whose sectional
atti lime «i, if we aie to judge by what has often
ejined him, are is stiong as man's can be—one
wnose tongue wis n ver silent *hen New Eng-
1 md v is assailed wnose el iquence had so often
sMrred h •> anditoiy, not only on that floor, but
elsewhete, in repelling the ihiusts made at the
laid of 'the Pilgrim Puheis "
r ii the love home by the honorable gentleman
from Rh( de island to his native land, to- his de-_
fence of iiei, 'or his devo ion to hei interests, he
(Mi H hoioiedlum But, mi, i„ Unotetiange
to heat fiom such a source a wanton violation of
ihooe vet y fee)mbs in others, wluUi he professes I
to hold so sacred m himself? Can we eredit the
sincerity of his professions of attachment to his
own home, when, with cold, unfeeling levi'y, he
openly mocks at the attachment of others ' Can
sjrh a man be sincere' Are not his professions
false and hollow '
Fne invidious remark of the gentleman from
Rhode Island m teplymg to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr Mason,] " that he would not have
' expected so much of tlie demagogue from one so
' r ear the waters of tne Potomac, that it was better
' suited to tne West, where stumps were plenty,"
hovveverit nvght answer the vjews ot the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island, in making ins court
to Virginia, was by no means calculated to heighten
him tndiMduaUy in the estimation of the House,
or to elevóte Ins character before the country for
canuor and ¡usuce For the purpose of exposing
the injustice of the remark, so obvious to all, it
wi I be unnecessary to institute any comparisons,
resort to any appeal, makeany re erence to times,
past or pres  nt Wnat the W est ,vas, all the ,vorld
knew, vnat her sons were, had been tried in the
hour of difficulty, of dangei, aid of death
Promptly responsive to their country's cull in the
mi ment of her necessity, when girt aiound by
enemies, they had not, they would not, no, God
foib d i. lattheyevershouldjStopto mquuewhether
ner cause was ngnt or wrong, after theswoid had
once been drawn, trie stanuard unfuiled, and tne
shrill bugle sounded the rally for hei defence To
the call of their whole country they had promptly
responded, as a body In de ence of tneir own
loved " West" as individuals, they would be
equa Iy prompt, whenever occasion reqraed a
SLCiifice oi a hdzaid at their hands, foi tne mam
tenar ce oí her honoi or her it teiests.
Who would have ie ognised to-day in the scorn-
ful contemuei of the habits and the customs ot a
large poition of 'he western people, the same
individual who, on some foimer occasion, has so
fofungly and beautifully pictured out of his own
New Eng'and, her smiling fields, her admirable
institutions, her evidences ot devotion to the com-
mon cause of liberty in other times' And true it
is she has them, her Bunker Hill, and her Benning-
ton, and not these alone But with equal pride
cannot the West tuin to her evidences ot devotion
to the same holy cause Has she not her New
Orleans, her Tippecanoe, her Thames, her Raism,
where the blood of her best, her noblest sons
flowed freely out, an offering before the hign altai
of the whole, the common country' The hour
will never come when her sons shall look with
co'dness or indifference on those fields, or regard
with feelings other than those of holy pride, the
oft repeated instances of her attachment to the
cause of liberty and the Union What' (said Mr
II ) is it a reproach to have sprung from the
" West," tnat " West" whom her sois love so
well, whose very name stirs up their hearts,
quickens their pulses, as the name of a fond
mother in whose lap they have been nurtured'
To her they ever turn with fond affection, thank-
ful to God that their eyes had opened first in her
unsullied retreats, that first they had seen the sun
shine down on her free and green hill tops abov e,
and the waters roll on tneir way through her rich
and beautiful valleys below And this pride, and
this love, every true son she has will carry with
him, through life, the dearest of all cherished
affections, the deepest imbedded m his heart He
will carry it to every country—to eveiy clime—
where destiny may cast him It will cease—it
will be lost—and lost oi ly when the grave closes
over the last thiobbmgs of earthly attachment
The remark of the gentleman from Rhode Island
intended so sarcastically to be felt m this House,
at the expense of my colleague, [Mr Eivikg,]
when he treats him as the specimen of the people
he represents, and wuh indecent levity, aims to
e-ícite a transitoiy mirth by the infliction of a
deadly wound, not upon his [Mr Evvisg's] feel
mgs, but the character of those from amongst
whom he comes, is what I had not expected from
tne gentleman It would «eem to be consistent
onlv with the workings of a heart whose male-
volence seeks for its giatification in the miseries
of otheis I would oiiet no rebuke to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, his years are many, h s
bans aie white, and thinned by time—mine are
the   reverse—the  contrast  cnetks   in  me  that
expression of feeling which swells almost too high
for control But that intended sarcasm carried
with it a compliment the highest that i would ask
at the hands of mortal man I would ask no
more than to be regarded as the personified delin-
eation of the courage, the geneioeity, the honor,
and the chivalry of that people m the midst of
whom I first drew breath, and surrounded by
whom I have grown to manhood.
A few remarks concerning the people whom the
honorable gentleman from Rhode Island is pleased
to designate as "land robbers," "thieves,"
" depredators,"whose offences, morally, fall noth-
ing short of the crime of larcer y. 111 equires no
litt'e stretch of imagination to recognise, under
these epithets, tha* industrious portion of our
community in the West, numbers of whom have
emigra'ed fiom New England, and who, being
Wilhout the means of purchasing, have become,
with their families, the actual occupants of sma'l
portions of the soil, for which they ask no other
favor than a preemption ri nt, at trie mirimum
price of tne Government Far diffeient are the
feelings by which they have been led to make for
themselies a home, their families a shelter and a
suusistence. It is their aversion to the veiy enmes
o  which the gentleman speaks that has induced
them to leave the older and the compactly settlfd
portions of the country, where even industry is
pinched too often by want, and to biave the eJk-
posmes,tt,e severities, and tne hardships, incident
to the life of him who goes into the bosom of ti e
forest, depending upon his a^e for the roof that
must sneher, and upon his nfle for the food that
must furnish, not him alone, but those to whom
nature has given tne dearest and holiest claims
upon his exertions and his existence They ha' e
gone to avoid the miserable condition of the thou-
sands who are now lingering ahout the purlieus of
the large cities, pressed by want, struggling with
famine and cold, the honesty of whose heaits has
been crushed, the firrm ess of whose integrity has
fnahy bowed before the fierce influence of hunger
and necessity, ard who have been forced to sus-
tain existence by continued depredations upon the
persons and property around them, and living
alone by plunder and pillage, have sunk into all
the excesses of crime These same miserable
outlaws, had the.r lot been cast amongst the class
so bitterly contemned by thehonorablegemleman
from Rhode Isiand, would have presented a far
different picture of humanity—one more^grateful
to the heart that looks with benevolence upon the
race of human kind
With all the attachment borne by the gentleman
from Rhode Island for his own State, and the high
opinion he has of the condition of her working
population, I think the contrast between their
condition and that of the backwoodsmen—the
squalid, to use that word which sounds, as the
gentleman says, so horrid to his ears—will present,
even to his view, a picture more favorable to the
latter Take the class who labor for subsistence
in the large manufacturing institutions, and what
does that labor produce to them, at the end of each
week, more than will baiely answer the pressing
demands for food and raiment' Successive years^
of labor will find them still the same—no increase
of stoies—no addition of comforts, far less of
wealth or substance The scanty pittance is ex-
pended, week by week, as it is earned Weaned
with his endless drudgery, and its miserable rec-
ompense, the laborer of years at last turns his
eyes to the far off West—that land of piomise,
whoseharvestSjfametells him, are golden—whose
lands yield almost spontaneously to the wants of
man He seeks in her bosom the truth of the tale
that has lured him, the reality of the vision that
has flitted so often over his doubting senses Is
that vision confirmed ' Is that tale ¿he tale of
truth' Has the land of promise been reached,
and its harvests found ripening in the head ' Wait
the lapse of a few, a v ery few short years, and then
seek the answer of the pilgrim himself He will
give it you beneath his own roof—he who sought
the land of the strangei on foot, with scarcely the
means of a dinner in his pocket, will furnish forth
the comforts of his habitation Humble it may
be to the dweller in cities, but with corrfoit it
abounds, ard within is peace, and healtn, and
plenty, and without, the eye is greeted by the
bountitul and waving crop, and the grizing herds
242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febuaiy 14,
may be traced through the distant glade It is
his own, all his own, the fruit, the labor of his
nands,and with cheerlul delight he gazes over his
farm, and feels, with honest pude, the independ
ence of a freeholder However kind may be the
lecollections with which memory visits the paient
land, that memory is unclouded with regret, foi
he has exchanged toil for íest, penurv for plenty,
servitude for freedom If Rhode Island, as often
happens, has been his eaily home, the change is
even greater, the cause of nit> rejoicing still more
increased, lor the high instrument, the paramount
law which secuies and guaranaes his lights as a
mat),his privileges and his protection asacitizen,
is no loigei a loyal c utter, a giant canymg with
it the degrading evidence if a monaich's lute, the
humiliating admission that his 1 ingly condescension
had more wisely provided tor freedom than free
men themselves could No, he has exchanged the
goveinmentof thischartei for a constitution foi med,
perfected, adopted in all its parts, by the people
themselves, cieated at their will, based upon their
confidence, and sustained by then affection, an
honoied and living commentary upon the great
principle of human equality
It is such men as 1 haie descnbed that have
this day fallen under the denunciations of the hon
orable gentleman from Rhode Island, and whom
he thinks it would be discreditable to repiesent
on this floor For my own part, I am pioud to
acknowledge that such aie many of my constit
uents, and I appiehend they would lose but little
by any companion that might be instituted be
tween their moial condition and ehatof the people
of Rhode Island, or elsewhere The very indubtry
which they practice in,acquiring for themselves a
home, is a sufficient compensation to the Govern
merit foi her land, as it mcieases their attachment
to hei, by extending thel interest in the soil
What constitutes the wealth, the reliance, the
boast of any nation, but its population > Whit is
the gieat and paiamount object of all Government,
it it la not the promotion of happiness and security
among us people' Of all Governments that have
existed, ours professes in the highest degiee, and
is beyond doubt, in the outline, best calculated to
promote the end desired Yet with all its advan
coges, much of the machinery may be, and is,
practically misapplied
We are doing what no good Government be
side* has ever done, and what it is to be hoped
will soon be eiadicated fiom oui system—we aie
making the public domain of the country a matter
of speculation and piofil upon oui own eiuzens,
fur the puipose of increasing the Ireusury spoils
that aie annually lividecí out on this ft ¡or In
stead of tins course, weie we to portion m limited
put eels the whoie dt main as it might become set
tied by the class of otople against whom theinalh
etna oí the honorable genlleman has been directed,
weie we to divide it amongst all the industrious
pool of the whole countiy willing to become its
tenants, and reap Us hni vests, how much would
not the sum of human happiness be raised? How
immeasurably would the true wealth of the nation
be incieased'
But to this the honorable gentlemsn from Rhode
Inland, and those who act with him on the main
question involving the public lands, have an objec-
tion so deep—to the selfish politician so strong—
that, notwithstanding the coveit under which they
w>u!d fo*n hide the Hue cause, no occasion nasses
without its eihibitnn And this caiibe, and this
alone, I do from the bottom of my heart believe
has piompted the open and violent assault of the
honorable gentleman to day upon a whole lace of
peopif It is the fact that political power and
Ureoglh is gliding too mpidly fiom the East to the
West I he population of the latter, growing m
numbei, ami iluecting all then er ergies to the de-
velopment of the many resources kindly provided
by nature, presents a scene of advancing powei
that has Kindled up the jealousy of some in ti e
eastern section, who can view only the dark side
of the picture—their own downfall m the pros
perity of others Sir, it will be all m vain, no
checks can now íestram the growing piospects
of the great valley of the West Her march is
Btcady, sure, and onwaid
Against the very kind suggestions of the gentle-
man, that the proceeds fro~i the sales of the public
lands should be taken and distributed amongat the
different States, for the purpose of educating all
the children of the country, I would beg lea\e to
protest on many accounts One lesson, however,
will be sufficient at this time I do not wish to see
Rhode Ishnd raising the means for tie education
of her children out of the so,I of Indiana Let
her raise those means at home, let her educate her
own children with her own means, ard we will
educate our children in the same way We will
teach them the proper duties of the citizen instil
into the n a pure love of the free institutions of
their country, a leadmess to defend them when as
sailed by outward foes, aye,or by intestine traitors,
a just regard, too, for the feelings of all mankind in
awordfwe will teach them all that man should
be, just so much and no more, and it will be well
foi the fame of Rhode Island should the same
couise be hers m times to come
Mi Speaker, I have done The rhetorical
flourish of the gentleman in behalf of the poor
Indian requires no answer its use for sympathy,
01 ornament, in setting off a speech, however it
might suit, were the Indians concerned in the
matter before the House, is now of little avail
either way, being entirely out of place
To the merits of that class, for a portion of
whom the benefits cf the bill under consideration
aie intended, 1 have borne and can bear every tes-
timony that honest mdusti y deseives The bill
itself has my hearty wishes for its success, and
shall most coidially have my vote
Mr HUBBARD said, from some remarks
whichfell fiom the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mi
Mason 1 he was induced to believe he had not
fully understood the subiect If the views taken
by the gentleman fiomOno [Mr Vinton] were
collect the bill should certainly be lejected In
ordei to give gentlemen a further opportunity for
investigation, he moved the House adjourn
The motion was agreed to, and
The House adjourned
IN SENATE
Saturday, February 14, 1835
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messis  LWING.KANC, and LINN
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by the hands of Mr Donelson,
his Pi ivateSecretaiy, calling the attention of Con
gress to a bill foi the relief of Benedict Alfred and
Robeit Brueh, which obtair ed the form of law
without having actually passed the Senate, which,
on motion of Mr TOvlLINSON, was teferredto
the Tudiciarv Committee
The VICC PRCSIDCN T laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Treasui y Depart
ment, transmitting the infoimation called foi by
a íesolution of the Senate, relative to the claim of
the owners of the bug Despatch
REPORTS rROM  COMMITTEFs
Mr BROWN,fiom the Committee on Claims,
to which were refeired the bills from the House
foi the lelief of Theodore Owneis, and for the re-
lief of the legal lepresentatives of Aaion Smith,
deceased, reported them severally, without amend-
ment
Mr ROBBINS, from the Libraiy Committee,
to which was ieferied the bill from the House
making piovision foi the purchase of a fac simile
of General Washington's accounts, reponed the
same without amendment
Mr BROWN, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was ieferied the petition of Geoige
Kyles, reported unfavorably upon the same, and
the committee were disohaiged from the fuither
consideration of the petition
RESOLUTIONS
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr WAGGAMAN, was considered, and
agieed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be req uested
to communicate to the Senate the report received
from the person chaiged with the mmeralogical
and geological investigation authorized by an act
of Congress at the last session
Mr   TOMLINSON submitted  the following
resolution
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
I instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropnation for the pieservation of Black
Rock harbor on the northerly side of Long Island
Sound
COLONEL JOHN LAWRENCE.
The bill in addition to the act for th* relief of
the personal representatives of Colonel John Law-
rence, deceased, was read the third  time, and
LAND TO POLISH EXILES.
On motion of Mr P01NDEXTER, the Senate
took up for consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill supplementary to the act of last
session, granting a township of land to certain
exiles from Poland, and after some íemaiks from
Mr P , on motion of Mr KING, the bill was
laid on the table
REORGANIZATION OF JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
On motion of Mr FRELINGHUYSEN, the
Senate took up for consideration the bill to con-
solidate the third and fourth judicial districts of
the United States, when, on his motion, the bill
was postponed to, and made the special order for,
Wednesday next
REPRESENTATIVES OF GOLONEL ROBERT
JElVllT.
The Senate considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Lieutenant Robert Jewett, late of the
Virginia Continental Line
After some remaiks fiom Mr LEIGH, in sup-
port, and by Mr HILL, against the bill, it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
RELIEF OF THE DISTRICT CORPORATIONS.
On motion of Mr TYLER, the Senate took up
the bill for the benefit of the Corporations of Wash
ington, Georgetown, and Alexandria, when, on
his motion, it was postponed to, and made the
special order for, Thursday next
SPECIAL ORDFR----FOUR YEARS'  LAW.
The Senate then resumed the consideration, as
in Committee ot the Whole, of the bill to iepea[
that part of the act of 1820 limiting the terms of
certain offices, commonly called the four years'
law
Mr E WING rose and said, the question before
the Senate was one of the utmost importance,
and one that was deserving a most serious consid-
eration He should not feel himself bound to
sustain the bill fiom the importance of the first
and second sections, but the third involved prin-
ciples of the most momentous consequences He
had not heard anything said against that part of
the bill, that calls in question the constitutional
powers of the Executive The third section tieated
upon those powers of the Executive which had
been claimed as derived dnectly from the Consti-
tution If the President did hold these powers
from the Constitution, then the bill came in con-
tact with the Constitution itself He did not be-
lieve, however, that the Constitution gave the
power of removal from office to the Executive
He did not deny that the power might be conferred
by law, but only contended that it was not a con-
stitutional privilege The subject was not a new
one, now for the first time set forth It had been
long ago fully discussed by both Houses of Con-
gress, and very recently in the Senate, though
without coming to a derision The section under
consideration would test the opinion of the Senate
on that point The Constitution vested all execu-
tive power in the President, butthe term executive
poivet, was ambiguous,undefined,and loose in its
construction It had long been a question for
debate among statesmen, men of the gieatest tal-
ents and profoundestsagacity What was execu
tive powei,he would ask? How far did it extend >
If it was intended to vest all power in the hands
of the Executive, then it should have been more
clearly defined, and not been left uncertain and
doubtful Among the monarchies of Europe the
executive power of the Kings was unlimited, but
the framers of oui Constitution did not look to
Europe for patterns and models by which to build
up the institutions of a free people By thephrase
executive power, they did not intend to '■onfer on the
"President the power of appointment and removal
Neither was it so understood and expressed by
writers and books on executive power
Mr E ieferied to the opinions of Necker and
1835
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the patriots of the French Revolution The same
branch of Government (said Mr E ) ought not
to have the power of willing and acting, that the
Executive ought not to judge, but to fulfil the de
cisions of others The President did not even
possess all the powers (said Mr E ) necessary for
executing the laws, but often needed the assistance
of Congress If he did, he could raise money to
support the administration of the laws But for
this no one would contend So the Constitution
declares that all legislative power shall be vested
in Congress This expression was equally strong
with that which declares that all executive power
¡should be vested m the President But that all
legislative power was not vested in Congress was
evident fiom the fact that the Constitution required
the sanction of the President upon a'l laws, and
also gave lnm the ve o privilege Hence it was
probable that no powers were conferred, unless
particularly specified, that the authors of the
Constitution first sta ed the general pioposition
where the executive power should be placed, and
then went on to specify wherein it should consist,
not, like children, to load it with useless repetí
tions, but to define and limit the extent of execu-
tive power Those who claim these powers for
the Executive went upon the supposition that all
powers, not defined by the Constitution, belonged
to the President Whereas the very íeverse of
that was true The Executive possessed only
those particularly specified by that instrument
He contended that the different departments of
Government ought not to be entirely sepaiate and
independent of each other He would make an
exception of the judicial branch, it was not neces
eaiy to connect that witn the others, but the ex-
ecutive and judicial departments ought not to be
separate and independent of each o her
He would next proceed to tne power of remov-
ing from cfnce It was claimed as correlative to
appointing to office The power of repealing
laws did not belong to Congress witnout the«anc
tion of the President The concurrence of all
the parties who made the law was necessary to
repeal it, the President could not appoint to office
without the consent of the Senate, and by the
same reasoning as befoie, the removal could not
be made without the concurrence of the Senate
If the nommaaon of a new candidate was rejected
by the Senate, the incumbent should still continue
to hold his office and exercise its duties In 1789
It was fully difacussed whether the President had I
the power of lemoval or nit, derived fiom the]
Constitution, many gentlemen who had assistec.
in framing the Constitution, participated in that
diseussior, they were about eqially divided be
tween the tw opn ions But duiing the heat and
excitement of deba e, the populan y of General
Washington drew over a majority to the side of
executive power
Mr  KANE said he did i ot mean *o enter mto
this discussion u le lgth     Soon after the forma  ]
Hon of this Govei oment, those who had the pow er
—the ñiat Congress—c'ecided that 'he President
hwd the power of removal from office, as a neces
fcaiy inc dent to theexecutive power     This dec s
ion (he said) had been practically acceded to for
near half a century, and he should not take up
time todiscuss if,and more especially as the ques
t on was not presented by the bi't before the Sen
at     The first section only repealed the law of j
May, 1820, limiting the term of ceitam ofii ers
Whei  did  fhis re¡ eal leave the question of íe   I
n oval'   Precisely vvhei e it was before, and p'aced
the tenure of the e officers wheie the practice of
all pas time hud piaced it—dependent upon Execu-
me i leasure     The second section provides that
disbursing offices s'iall be vacated upon the defal-
ntion of the officei      Here is removal by law,
but no  limitation is  imposed thereby upon the
piecxistin  power of íemoval n the Executive
The thud and list section admits in geneiil terms
the right of the President, without consulting the
Sei ate to remove     And yet it requires the Presi-
dent to lay his reasons therefoi before the Senate
This, if no other reason existed, he thought wis
sufficient to induce him to vote against the bill
Admitting  to its fullest extent the power in the
Piesident which he can ex icise under the Oonsti
tution, without anv responsibi lty except 1.0 the
people through the bal ot boxes, or to the impeach
tngpowci, yet tne bill requnes the President to
give his reasons for exeicising his constitutional
powers to the Senate, to which, in this respect, he
is not confessedly responsible What shall we do
with these ieasons when we get them' Shall we
take the course which was taken with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, when he laid his reasons for
removing the deposites before Congress' Shall
we resolve that the executive has violated the Con-
stitution ' That we cannot do, because we admit,
by this bill, he has the rig! t to do the act, and that
he can do it regardless of the Senate If he had
no other reason for the vote he was about to
I give, this palpable inconsistency would be suffi-
I cient
I Mi BIBB said he agreed that the executive
power iesided,and should reside, in the President,
but, at the same time, he believed that Congress
had power to regulate it     He thought the Piesi
I dent possessed no other executive powers than
thoseparticulaily specified in the Constitution     If
I more v ere granted, he would have an unlimited,
I boundless power, capable of absorbing all the
other blanches of the Government    Mr  B  allu
j dedto party distinctions and political strife, which
he contended were necessary for the healthy ad-
ministration of public affairs, as much so as the
winds, the^ waves, and tempests weie to purify
the ocean * .No great íeforms could be effected
without the influence of party to carry it on Mr
B went on at some length iii his remarks, and
finally concluded by disclaiming all ambitious
motives and desires of sharing in any furtner polit-
ical pro|ects
Mr SHEPLEY opposed the bill at some length
.Mr  CLAY^ said that at the  last session he
I presented  ícsolutions  íespecting   the   powei   of
I removal by the Executive He still deemed ti e
subject of momentous importance, opening a wide
field for discussion, but le did not propose to
debate it now But he Ujpuld present his views
in the shape of an amendment to the section of the
bi'l which 1 elates to the power of appointment by
the Pres de^t Although he did not formally ofltr
it as an amendment, lie desied that it might he
on the table It is as follows " That m all in
' stances of appointment to office, by and with the
'auvice and consent of the Senate, the power of
'removal shall  be exercised only in eoncunenoe
I ' with the Senate And when the Senate is not in
'sesson, the President may suspend any such
' officer, communicating to the Senate his reasors
' for the suspension, during the fiist month of i s
' succeeding session, and if the Senate concui with
' him, the officei shall be removed, but if it do not
' concur with him, the officei shall be restoied to j
' office " He hoped at another time to be able to
show that the Pies dent had not this power of ,
removal given him in the Constitution—he had 1
searched that instrument wiih his utmost care,
without being able to find it And he was in
hopes that some gel tleman of tne Administration
piny would have undertaken to show that it did
exist O le gentleman ovei the wpy [Mr Kakf]
had only peeped out at it, and the other [Mi
Shepllv] would not touch it at all Wny not'
Why not tike up the Constitution and di cuss u'
Why thus diffident in coming out and giving their
reasons for the existence of a power the practical
operation of which was to give the Executive an
infl lence over an army of men which was not
equalled in mcient Rome' If this powei exist,
let gentlemen show it And when we come here
on Monday, he hoped some of the leaders of the
Administration party, some of the honorable gen-
tlemen then in his ey , would come preDaied to
snow that the power existed and was nghtfully
exercised
Mr BUCHMNAN said he was sorry to see
that the honoiabie gentleman from Kentucky
appeared disposed so fiequently to pay his com
pliments to him------
Mr  CLAY inteiposed, and remaiked that he
did not mean the honorable membei from Penn-
sylvania, but if he chose to come out upon the |
ques ion, bis respect 'or that gentleman would in
duce him to listen to him with great pleasure   He
might have turned his eye toward the honorable
gentleman, but in  truth he meant the Honorable j
membei fom  Nev/ \oik, who sat in the same1
■ atige                                                                            I
Mr BUCHANAN resumed   He had nothing
further to say, except that wl en the hono.able I
f
gentleman fiom Kentucky should come out and
show that a practice which was coexistent with
the Government itself, and which had been exer-
cised by Mr Madison, was unconstitutional, he
would undertake to show, in his humble manner,
that it was constitutional, and that it was a prac-
tice under which this country had flourished to an
extent unexampled in the world
Mr SHEPLEY said that the gentleman from
Kentucky did not understand him correctly He
said that he would not note discuss a question
which opened so wide a field, because there wa3
not time for it He did not and would not shun
an inquiiy into the correctness and constitutional-
ity of a practice which was exercised under every
Admmistiation of the Government, from its or-
ganization down to the present time
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTA! IVES
Satordw, Je&ru.ry 14, 1835
Mr J a ADAMS, on leave, presented several
petitions for the abolition of slavery m the District
of Columbia
Mr S & ADAMS then said, while he had
possession of the floor he hoped the House would
indulge him for a few moments in making a brief
explanation in reference to a matter personal to
himself, and of considerable interest also to the
House
it would be recollected that on that day last
week he offeied a resolution to the House on the
reference of certain documents to the Committee
on Foieign Relations, with instructions to report
forthwith on that pail of the President's message
lelatmg to the state of our affairs with Fiance In
tne course of the remarks he made at that tune,
the expression escaped him, that the othei branch
of the Legislature, after deliberating fully and
thoioughly upon the subject matter ot these rela
tions, had ultimately come to the determination
unanimously to " dolge" the question The House
would lecollect that the moment he used thewoid
tne Speaker arres ed his remaiks, under the rultf
of the House forbidding any member thereof to
refer to anything that had taken place, or might
be taking place, in the other bianch of the Legisla-
ture By doing so, ti e Speaker, Mr A had no
doubt wi hout any intention, had depnved him o
the means of giving an explanation at the time
He v/as, therefore, silenced, and took his seat
But it struck him then as a very hard case to b 
auested upon a mere simple íuleof the House,
which was violated every day by almost eve y
member, viz a single reference to the proceed-
ings  of the other bianch of the Legislarme, and ha
thought himself called upon to ask the Speaker
privately why it was that he was so arrested under
that lule, when other members were allowed ths
indulgence e/ery day in almost every debate that
took place The Speaker then informed Mr A.
that it was not the simple reference to the pro-
ceedings in the other branch which had induced
him to stop Mr A , but that he thought the use
of the term ' dodge," with reference to their pro-
ceedings, was disrespectful, and that it was on
that account alone he had done so It was the
manner of the allusion, and not the allusion itself
upon which the Speaker thought propei to arrest
Mr A 's remaiks Inus he was precluded from
making, as he wished, an explanation at the mo
ment, and for which he now lose to make
Mr A then e.aid he disclaimed all intention
whatever, in the most positive and explicit terms,
of being disrespectful He not only intended
nothing disiespectful, but it was his miention to
have recommended the House to do the same
thing His object was that the House should
have deliberated unon the sulject, and he should
then have recommended it to " dodge" the ques-
tion as the Senate had done, at least for the pres-
ent He wished to make th s explanation, for he
had been given to anderstand that several individ-
ual members of the other branch of the Legislature
had felt themselves hurt at the expression used
oy him He reiterated, therefore, in the most
positive and explicit manner, that he was far,
very far, fiom inter ding anything disrespectful to
the House or to the Senate, by the use of the
term "dodge "   He tnought then, and he still
244
THE /CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
thought, that the Senate had acted in perfect con-
formity to their duty; and the unanimity with
which that body had acted was precisely the
unanimity in which he wished the House to have
acted. He then informed the House of the object
of the motion then made, viz. of calling upon the
Committee oa Foreign Relations to do what he
thought the duty of every committee to do, report
as soon as possible upon any matter referred to
them. He wished the House to show the coun-
try that they were not sleeping upon a matter
involving the rights, the interests, and the honor
of the country. That was his intention, and this
explanation he desired to make.
There was another matter of much more import-
ance, to which he would also briefly advert. In
that great commercial emporium, the city of New
York, he had been informed that great excitement
had arisen, not from the action of, but in conse-
quence of the debate that took place in, the House
on this day week; and mainly fiom the remarks
he was understood to have made—or, as it was ex-
pressed, upon the stand he was supposed to have
taken. He had seen, from the newspapers, that
the holders of French goods and wares in the
cities of New York and Philadelphia had advanced
their prices upon those goods, in consequence of
what he had said. He regretted that any such an
effect should have been produced, and he should
hardly have believed it possible; for he supposed
that the mercnants of New York, Philadelphia,
and all the other commercial cities in the country,
would draw their inferences, with respect to the
proceedings of this Government, not from what
was said by any one individual member—much
less from what was said by Mr. A —but from the
action, of the House. Whatever, upon that day,
might have been his partial propensity, or what-
ever might have been most erroneously repre-
sented to havebeen hisviewsand wishes, he should
have supposed that the merchants of those large
cities would have looked to what the House did
upon his motion,and not upon what he had said.
He would remark, that it appeared he was not
supported by any party in the House; for, so far
from agreeing with him, they actually rejected
his motion bya very large majority, without even
giving him the opportunity of taking the yeas and
nays. That fact was as widely diffused abroad
ns his remarks of that day, and he was, therefore,
at a loss to conceive how it was possible for such
an effect to have taken place, either from what he
said or from what the House did.
In conclusion, (said Mr. A.,) I wish to give this
notice, if such notice must \)e given, to all the
merchants throughout the Union, that there is not
the least danger, not the slightest danger, of any-
thing that can lead to a war, from this House, or
from the other branch of the Legislature. I say
this, sir, upon my own responsibility to the nation;
and I tell them that in the present state of affairs
there is no danger of any sort, that anything will
be done by this or the other branch of the Legis-
lature, which can by any possibility have a ten-
dency to cieate a rupture with Fiance I say
this, that they may quiet and iranquilize them-
selves upon this supposed danger And I say it,
that they may immediately set about reducing
their prices upon the lute-strings and silk ribbons,
and all those elegant ornaments, so needful to
adorn the fair visitors of fancy balls, for God for-
bid that Í should do or say anything that should
be the means of taxing the ladies for ornamenting
their persons
Mr. A. here concluded, and the petitions were
referred to the Committee on the Distiict of Co-
lumbia.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. C. JOHNSON offered the following res-
olution , the consideration of which was postponed
until Monday, 16 h February:
Resolved, That the report of the Recorder and
Commissioners for the adjustment of land titles in
the State of Missouri, under the acts of the 9th
July, 1832, and the 3d March, 1833, be referred
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and that he
report to the next session of Congress: 1st, as to
the correctness of the principles adopted and acted
Upon by the Recorder and Commissioners as set
forth m said report, 2d. That he report, also, to
the House the names of the several claimants in
said report, whose claims are entitled to confirma-
tion under the Spanish regulations, and the several
acts of Congress upon that subject.
Mr. PLUMMER offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over one dav:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United
States be requested to cause to be communicated
to this House the construction which the proper
department or departments of the executive branch
of the General Government placed upon the
twelfth section of the act of March 3d, 1803, reg-
ulating the grants and pioviding foi the sale of
lands of the United States, south of Tennessee;
the act of March l-,t, 1817, enabling the people of
the western part of Mississippi Territory to form
a constitution and State government, and the
treaties of Pontotoc and Washington, made with
the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, so far as relates to
the rights of the inhabitants of each township to
the sixteenth section for the use of schools, and
the rights of the government of Mississippi to five
per cent of the proceeds of the sale of the lands
for purposes of internal improvement within that
district of country ceded to the United Slates by
the aforesaid tribe of Indians, at the treaty of
Pontotoc cieek, made on the 2d day of October,
1832, and whether, in the opinion of the Execu-
tive, this treaty-making powerof theUmtedStates
has or has not placed a specific performance of
the compact made with the people of Mississippi,
beyond the contract of the General Government,
and whether any legislation of Congiess is deemed
necessaiy to enable the Government to carry into
effect, m good faith, either toe provisions of the
act of 1803, relating to the eighteenth section, ami
the act of 1817, relating to the five peí cent on the
stipulations contained in the aforesaid treaties with
the Chickasaws.
On motion of Mr HANNEGAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, in the State of
Indiana, a port of enti y.
On motion of Mr POPE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostO<fice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Jef-
ferson town,"Jefferson county, Kentucky, to Shel-
byvillt, Shelby county, Indiana
Mr SEVIER, by consent, offered the following
resolution; which was agreed to
Reiolved, That the Secietary of War be in-
structed to report to this House the report of Mi.
Featheretonhaugh, the geologist, employed in
virtue of the act of June 28, 1834, appropriating
the sum of five thousand dolíais to be applied to
geological and mmeralogical surveys and re-
searches.
Mr C. ALLAN, fiom the Committee on the
Territories, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House will on Friday, the
20th instant, take up and consider bills relating
to the Territories.
Mr POLK moved to amend the resolution by
substituting Tuesday for Friday; which was
agreed to.
Mr. VANCE moved to amend the resolution
by including as one of the bills to be considered
on that day the bill fixing the northern boundary
lines of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
The amendment was discussed   by  Messrs
VANCE, C. ALLAN, ASHLEY, ALLEN of
Ohio, WHITE, LYON of Michigan, and VIN-
TON.
The debate was arrested by a motion, made by
Mr  McKIM, to proceed to the orders of the day
Mr. WILDE moved to reconsider the vote
adopting the resolution offered this day by Mr C
JOHNSON.
After a few remarks by Messrs C. JOHNSON,
ASHLEY, and CLAY, the motion to reconsider
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the further con-
sideration of the resolution was postponed to
Monday next.
Mr CLAIBORNE, frcm the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolution-
Resolved, That Robert P Letcher having been
duly returned as the rightful member of the House
of Representatives of the United States fiom the
fifth congressional districtof Kentucky, is entitled
to compensation as a member of the last and pies-
ent session; and that Thomas P Mooie having
attended the last session of Congress by order of
the House, be allowed like compensation foi the
last session of Congress.
Mr HARDIN said the House would recollect
that at the last session he entertained the opinion
which he now d.d, that Mi Letcher was entitled
to his seat in this body. The House had, how-
ever, come to the conclusion that owing to the
difficulties which the question presented, it could
not decide which of the gentlemen was the choice
of the people The question was submitted to the
voters of the district, not to examine the record,
because that would have been absurd, but that it
should be decided by a new election. As both of
the gentlemen were detained here oy the order of
the House, it was his opinion that both should be
paid. He was in favor of paying both orneither
He therefore moved to amend the resolution so as
to compensate Messrs LetcherandMoorefor their
attendance, under the order of the House at the
last session
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, concurred en-
tirely in the views of his colleague, [Mr Hardin ]
He thought both the gentlemen ought to be paid,
as proposed.
Mr. WiLDE demanded the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered
Mr CLAY was of opinion that both gentlemen
should be paid He thought, however, that the
claims should be considered separately As the
committee had reported this resolution, he was op-
posed to throwing any embarrassment in the way
of its passage; and if a similar resolution should
be proposed in favor of Mr. Moore, he would al¡>o
vote for such a proposition.
Mi McKIM renewed the motion to proceed to
the consideration of the orders of the day, which
was agreed to—ayes 87, noes 64.
POST OFFICE   DEPARTMENT.
Mr BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to consider the motion submitted by
him yesterday to punt twenty five thousand extra
copies of the two repoits of the Post Office Com-
mittee, together with the documents accompany-
ing the same
Objection having been made, Mr. BRIGGS'
moved to suspend the rule, which was earned—
ayes 114, noes 28
The motion was then taken up, the question
being on an amendmentofferedby Mr SPEIGHT
to substitute ten thousand foi twenty-five thou-
sand copies
Mr SPEIGHT said that when he yesterday
suggested that ten thousand copies of the reports
and documents should be printed, he was not
aware that they were so voluminous The print-
ing of the number he had proposed could not be
accomplished m any reasonable time The reports
and documents could not be embiaced in a single
volume, and as every newspaper m the country
would publish such portions of the reports si
would suit their purposes, he would modify hts
amendment by substituting five thousand for ten
thousand copies
Mr. BRIGGS said, if he was called upoi to
vary his motion, he should be disposed to increabe,
rather than lessen the number of copies. He
would do this for the very íeason assigned by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr Speight] for
reducing the number which that gentleman had
originally proposed, namely, that the newspapers
would publish such portions of the reports as
would answer then purposes By a course of this
kind, the entire matter contained in the reports
would never reach the people of the United States
Mi B íeferred to the universal concern which
was felt on this subject The people looked with
intense interest for the report of the Committee of
this House It had been charged that the affaus
of this department had been heretofore misman-
aged. At the instance of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office, [Mr Connor,] who
was a friend of the Administration, the House,
at the last session, appointed a select committee
to sit in the recess, for the purpose of investiga-
ting the affairs of this department    This commit-
1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
tee met in September and had been laboriously
engaged in the discbaige of its duties up to yes-
terday. The resulta of their labors had been
reported to theIIouse,and the question now was,
how could the country be best made acquainted
with these results? lie knew no other way than
the one which he had proposed. It was nota
sufficient reason, that because this investigation
was voluminous it should not be extensively cir-
culated in the country. In relation to the contents
of the reports, he knew but little. He had merely
seen the result to which the majority of the com-
mittee (who were friendly to the Administration,)
had arrived—a result which the majority declared
has given them pain and filled them with astonish-
ment. The people would look with anxiety for this
report. He had more calls for it from his constitu-
ents than for any other document which had been
presented to the House. He repeated, in conclu-
sion, that if he should vary his motion, it would
be to print a still larger number of these papers
than what he had originally proposed.    -
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY did not think that the
documents would be found to be as voluminous as
had been supposed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Speight.] A sub-committee had
undertaken to examine and select such parts of
these documents as might be necessary to be
printed. This duty was not as yet performed;
but he felt warranted in saying that a large mass
of the documents would be found unnecessary,
and would be thrown out by the sub-committee.
The principal facts were conceded in both reports.
This would supert-ede the necessity of printing all
the documents. As to the number of the reports
which should be printed, that wasa matter for the
House to decide. He had no suggestions to make
upon that point. In conclusion, Mr. W. said he
trusted the House would not prematurely enter
upon a discussion of the r.eports.
Mr. TYNUMsaid he should consider himself a
degraded wretch  were he to attempt to withhold
information from the people. But the fact must
be apparent to all that a species of extravagance
had obtained in this House in relation to the print-
ing of documents which was wholly unauthorized
and improper. He had, on divers occasions, op-
posed the printing of an extra number of docu-
ments, not one half of which were ever sent from
the Capitol. If the number of the reports in ques-
tion, which had been proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs,] should be
ordered, not more than two-thirds or one-half of
them would ever be sent out to the people. An
inspection of the ■ folding-rooms of the House
would convince any gentleman that he was not
mistaken in this particular.
If gentlemen were anxious to put a stop to a
prodigal expenditure of the public money, this
House was the place which should form the start-
ing point. The Executive Department had been
charged in this House with a wasteful expendi-
ture of money, when it was an incontrovertible
fact that this body was more justly liable to such
a charge. Those who 'were the most clamorous
against the Executive, in this particular, were
themselves the peculiar advocates of extravagant
and uncalled-for appropriations on thisfloor. We
are the trustees (said he) of the people. They
will not look to us for the information contained in
these reports. They would look to the public
prints. Besides, if the proposed number of the
reports should be printed, a few may obtain them.
It would hardly be a drop in the bucket, compared
with the circulation that would be given to them
in the newspapers. We could not print a suffi-
cient number to enlighten the public. If we did
so, we must incur an expense which would be
condemned by all.
Mr. B. repeated, in conclusion, that if gentle-
men were disposed to attempt reformation, this
House was the place to commence. There-ap-
peared to be a greater disposition for extravagance
here than elsewhere. He could not vote for the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Briggs.] Much thelarger proportion of the
documents laid upon the tables of members, were
never sent from the Capitol. They fell to the lot
of the little pages of the House. The only reason
which could be assigned for publishing so large a
number of these reports, was, that it would give a
good job to the printers of the House.
Mr. CONNOR regretted that the concluding
remarks of the report of the committee had been
lugged into this discussion. He doubted very
much the propriety of the publication which had
been given to them in a morning paper. Before
any inferences were drawn from theextracts which
had been published, it was peculiarly proper that
the House should be in possession of the whole
facts. He alluded to the probable amount of
matter contained m the reports. It was true that
many of the documents would be cast off as unne-
cessary to be published. The great mass of them,
howeveiymust necessarily accompany the report.
The committee were desirous that every ground
upon which they had formed their conclusions
should be distinctly understood. The committee
had performed then- duties honestly and faithfully,
although the results had not been in accordance
with their wishes.
Mr. BRIGGS modified his motion by proposing
to print five thousand copies of the report, together
with the documents, and twenty thousand copies
of the report without the documents.
Mr. B'EARDSLEY said, if the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Briggs]
referred simply to the printing of the reports, he
should say nothing on the subject. The motion
to print the documents was, however, distinct;
and if it was viewed in reference to an expenditure
of money, was one of importance. While we
were looking elsewhere to see if the public money
had not been improvidently squandered, it would
perhaps be proper that we should reserve to our-
selves, to some extent, a portion of the counsels
which we were disposed to impart to others. It
was at all events just that the House should be
informed of the magnitude of the documents which
accompanied this report. The sub-committee, to
which reference had been made, would exclude
but a small portion of them. Those necessary to
be published would form, in his belief, certainly
two, and perhaps three, volumes of the ordinary
size of congressional documents. The number
which had been proposed to be printed, would cost
a considerable sum of money. If it was intended
to send these documents home to every reader, so
that the whole people may derive from them the
facts which are ordinarily to be found in the news-
papers, if that is the object, as is argued by the
honorable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Briggs,] it would be necessary to print five hun-
dred thousand copies instead of five thousand
copies. If this was the object, the number pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, as
had been remarked, would be but a drop in a
bucket. He was not opposed to printing a reason-
able number of these documents for distribution.
He believed the object of printing an extra num-
ber of copies would be as essentially attained by
publishing two thousand as any other number, if
the House thought it a judicious expenditure of
the public money to order a large number, they
could do so.
Mr. BURGES referred to the importance of the
reports. The people, he contended, should be
made acquainted with their contents. How were
they to procure this information? Were they to
look for it in the newspapers, or should they not
rather look to the types of this House to furnish
them with itr The papers would never publish
the whole of the reports and documents. They
would, as has been said, publish only so much as
would suit their particular views. The truth
elicited by the reports could only be furnished to
the people by publishing the volumes. He thought
.the gentleman from New York [Mr. Beardsley]
had overestimated the length of the documents.
This was, however, immaterial. He did not think
that the House should withhold from the people
desirable information from the paltry considera-
tion that by so doing it would be a saving of their
own money. He could not accord in the state-
ment that a large portion of our documents never
left the city. It was true that there were some
trifling reports and bills which were never looked
at, and, as a matter of course, not sent away.
He was opposed to ail attempts to save money,
where they were intended to stifle information, or
withhold it from the people. In conclusion, he
proposed to print five thousand copies of the re-
ports and documents, and thirty thousand copies
of the reports without the documents.  He thought
no member who desired to inform ihe peonle on
the subject, could object to the number which he
had proposed.
Mr. LANE said, that believing, as he did, that
the report was interesting and important—the re-
sult of a laborious investigation by a committee of
this House—a result to which the people looked
with solicitude—he felt bound to vote for printing
the largest number named by the gentleman tiom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs.]
It had been said by several honorable gentle-
men, that the newspapers would publish all that
the people were interested in knowing, and there-
fore any extra number of copies would be a use-
less expense of public money.
It was well known that the newspapers would
publish such extracts as would suit their own
views, and the result would be to confuse, not to
inform the public. Justice to the people and to
the department, requires that the entire report
should be exhibited. He wished that it was pos-
sible to place it in the hands of every individual,
that each might examine and decide for himself.
It had been said that the people would not read the
report if placed before them. The people are not
so indifferent about the administration of any
department of the Government—much less so as
to the administration of the General Post Office—
which addresses itself more immediately and more
universally than any other to their feelings and
interests. They will read it with care, and they
can best judge of its course, who see its operations
and feel its Benefits.
Shall the important conclusions of this commit-
tee go forth in the newspapers, unaccompanied
by the facts which indicate the origin, the prog-
ress, and the extent of the evils that are men-
tioned ? Shall the responsibility of these evils be
thus unjustly cast upon the persons admimsteiing
the department, instead of the-true cause—ihe
defects in the organization originally prescribed
by lav;? The same errors have existed from the
origin of the department. The immense increase
of mail routes called for by the rapid improvement
of our country, and incessantly urged by members
of this House, have developed their injurious
practical opeiation. The distinguished individual
who directs that department,has merely followed
in the footsteps of his predecessors in office.
Anxious to administer the department so as to
extend its benefits to every part of our country,
the defective legal organization has prevented him
from keeping the immense business of the depart-
ment under his own eyes.
It should be clearly understood, and carefully
remembered that these enors have been confined
mainly to a subdivision—to the fiscal branch of
the department. Whenever errors have been made
obvious, I understand that they have been reme-
died, as far as was possible, under the present
laws.
During the last two years most of the errors
admitting correction have ceased to exist; and to
those acquainted with the business of the depart-
ment, in two of its most important divisions, it is
well known that "an energetic and accurate system
has been applied, that under proper legal pro-
visions will enable the Postmaster General to place
the department on that high ground suited to its
importance.
Enable the people to make these discrimina-
tions. The friends of the Postmaster General, the
supporters of the Administration, are those most
interested in the wide circulation of this report.
Shall it be said that a Democratic majority,
whose leading principles are the correction pf
abuses, the simplification of public business, and
its full exhibition to the people, object to the pub-
lication of this report?    He trusted not.
The inquiry had been made by direction of a
Democratic majority of this House; the report had
been made by the Democratic majority of that
committee; it exhibited abuses which had existed
under every Administration. On that report it
was our duty to act. Let the report go to our
constituents, that they may judge whether our
conduct in reference to these" abuses keeps pace
with the professions by which we are pledged to
reform them.
Mr. CROCKETT said I belong to the Commit-
tee on the Accounts of the House. We yesterday
examined the accounts of this committee, and
:IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
246
ascertained that it cost more than $25,000 to get
this report What use would it be then if it was
not sent out' I want to see it in every neighbor-
hood I made charges four years ago against this
Post Office Department I was hissed, sir, for
doing so In the report of the committee, my
charges are fully, and more than realized A
report on this subject, in another quarter, had
been called factious The people wished to have
information from this House I repeat, that the
report made yesterday more than realizes all my
charges against the department I move to print
fifty thousand copies without the documents
They aie unnecessary I do not want to leave the
publication of the reports to the hireling news
papers, which just pick out enough to suit their
purposes
Mr H EVERETT said the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr Crockett] was mistaken The
whole expenseof the investigation did rot amount
to more than $2,500 It had been made with the
strictest regaid to economy
Mr STODDERT did not rise to say anything
in relation to the number of the reports which
should be printed He would nevei be in favor
of excluding light from the people The history
of Congress, he believed, did not present a case
like the piesent, where a committee, constituted
as ¡his was, in an extensive investigation, had been
enabled to concur, so generally, as regarded facts,
and lesults The repoits contained an authentic
view of the facts—the very evidence which the
people would desne to see The committee had
extracted the ketnel and thrown away the husk
He therefore thought it wholly unnecessaiy to
print more than the usual number of the docu
ments accompanying the repoits If the gentle-
man from Rhode Island was desirous of extending
information on the subject to as many as possible,
his object would be better answered by applying
the a-oount which it would cost to print the five
thousand extra copies of the documents, to the
publication of an additional number of the reports
Mi B\RR1NGER thought a sufficient number
of the repoits and documents should be printed to
supply the clerk's offices and the publishers of
newspapers in the country This could not be
eileUed by a Ie<-s number thin five thousand copies
Mr LVERErr, of Vermont, said he had
understood that the expense of printing three
thousand copies of the reports and accompanying
documents would amount to about $10 000
Mr II^MFR said, if there was any business
winch ought to be done by human beings in the
daik,itwfl not the business of legislation Those
who undertake to |>resuibe rules foi the action of
themselves and otlieis, ought al least to have some
light upon the sul jects with regaid to which they
propose to legislate
It hid berotre a veiy common thing to traduce
the Post Office Department It was fashionable
to condemn it 1 here seemed to be a general in-
clination to bear it down Por one, he was not
disposed to |0in in the general " hue and ciy"
asjamst the department He concurred entirely
with his honoiable friend from Kentucky [Mr
Johnson] in the observations he let fa'l the other
(lay He had known the Postmaster General
lin", and known him well He had the most
mir linttonfi lence in lushonoi and mtegnty, both
asa public man and privateemzen Entertaining
tnis opinion of him, he would not condemn him,
until lie had the most unquestionable evidence of
lhe imj>ropne y of hisondutt
lie said he did not know, and therefote would
no] siy, but there might have been saiboidnmte
offi ers in the depaitment, who were not honest
He would not say f >i he did not know, but these
fcitboidin ttes muht have presented statements to
the Postmaster General which had deceived him,
and upon whiih he might have made ordeis that
were tie i imental to the public interests But it is
time eno igh to condemn him when we have heard
the proof It was time enough for him o con
demn him, wtien he had heard the evidence and
beard the defence, and the commentary upon that
evidence When the whole subject shall be pre
sented, therejiorts printed and laid on our tables,
when we have had time to read and dehbeiate
upon them, and have heard the department in
reply, then we should be prepared to act What-
soever is wiong, said he, I shall be among the first
to condemn If-anything is wrong, but has cir-
cumstances connected with it which ought to be
received as palliations, I shall insist upon those
circumstances having due weight But whatever
is right, although alleged to be wrong, whether
the charge be made by political enemies, or those
who were political friends upon the surface, he
would be prepared to defend to the last
What aie we about to do here' We are asked
to vote for the printing of fifty thousand copies of
these reports, without knowing one word of then
contents They have not been read All we
know of them is, that they are against the depait
ment Sir, 1 go against this system 1 will not
thus legislate in the dark upon any question
What have we seen in another part of this
Capitol ' I speik of what I learn from thenews-
papeis, everybody knows they are good author
ity A tepoit was made there by a majority and
a mmonty of a committee Before they could be
printed and laid upon their or our tables, a bill is
passed, which has come down to this House, to
reoiganize the whole Post Office Department
Thus passing sentence of condemnation upon it
without an examination of the reports of their
committee, or healing one word in defence Thus
dec anng that the whole department is so rotten
and corrupt that refoimation is impossible, and
it must, therefore, be thrown into the mill and
ground ovei anew The passage of the bill is
claimed by the party press of this city, and under-
stood by the country, to be such a condemnation
Aie we to follow this example' Is this the
system t > be established in tins country ' Sir,
(said he,) I have the most perfect respect for the
members of the committee who made these re
ports, but I will not legislate upon the repoitof
any committee will out hearing the other side
Have they not examined witnesses against the
depaitment without the persons implicated having
anuppoitumty to cross examine' May not many
things, seemingly wiong, be satisfactorily ex-
plained by cross examination, or by further testi-
mony ' Let us hear before we strike Whoever
heaid of a great department of the Government
being reorganized without consulting the head of
that department' If thei e be defects in its organ-
ization, who so competent to point them out and
suggest improvements as the man whose expen
ence has biought them lepeatedly before him '
Does any one believe that if weorder fifty thou-
sand cojnes of these reports to be printed we shall
receive them during the piesent session' Every
mai heie knows we shall not Do we not know
that the reports ordered to be punted by the
Senate at the I ist session, were travelling through
the country during the whole summer' They had
to be sent first to themembeis, and then taken up,
fianked, and sent off by mail again to different
portions of the country thus aiding to barden and
bieak down the very depaitment which they as-
sailed It will be an immense expense incurred
foi no real substantial benefit to the country
We are all aware that abstracts of these reports
will becnculated in the newspapeis everywhere
for the information of the people Now, there
ought to be a sufficient number of the reports
through the several districts of country to enable
any one to correct errors or misrepresentations
that may creep into the abstracts That is enough,
all beyond that is unnecessaiy I shall, therefore,
vote foi the smallest numbei proposed
Mr REED was in favor of printing the largest
number He expressed his surprise at some of
the lemarks of the gentleman who preceded him,
[Mi Hamck,] who had appealed to " hear before
we strike " lie would ask what course the gen-
tleman wo lid have the House pursue' A com
mittee had been appointed by the House to exam
me the condition of the Post Office Department,
and the íesult of its investigation should now be
published to the countiy
Mr SMini said Mr Speaker-, I think it was
well lemaiked that it became this House to looK
well to its own extravagant expenditures at the
noinent when they aie about to imoute to other
departments of the Government extravagances of
an extiaordmary character Sn, 1 ask the gen-
tlemen who piopose to print ti e extra number of
these documents proposed, whether they have
counted the cost' Has any gentleman who has
addressed the House mf&voi of so large a number
February 14,
made an estimate satisfactory to his mind of the
amount of cost which he proposes to imposeupon
the country > I have made an estimate, which, to
my mind, is satisfactory against the printing of
either number of documents proposed, I lay aside
the number suggested by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr Crockett] as being wholly beyond
the inclination probably of every other member of
the House I take the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and invite the House to
consider for a moment whether it be not of an
extravagant charactei
I understand the preposition to be to print five
thousand extra copies of each report, and the
several documents appended thereto The House
has already been informed by one of the honorable
members of the Post Office Committee [Mr
Beaudslfy] that these reports and accompanying
documents will certainly make two full-sized oc-
tavo volumes, consequently this will make ten
I thousand volumes Other gentlemen, however,
have said that they will amount to three volumes,
but I take the lowest estimate Now, these ten
thousand volumes will cost no less, upon an aver-
age, accoiding to the best information I have been
able to obtain, than thiee dollars per volume, for
asmallei number, say six or seven hundred, which
is the ordinary number, the cost per volume will
be near five dollars Take the number pro-
, posed, in all probability the price cannot be re-
' duced to less than three dollars per volume, and
heie it is at once a cost of $30 000 The gentle-
man further proposes to print twenty thousand
extra copies of the two reports alone, without the
documents It has been said that even these will
make a volume of fiom one hundred and fifty to
two hundred pages, and if we estimate the cost at
only a dollar a volume, you will have an additional
chaige of $20,000, at the least, making an aggre-
gate of $50,000 for the, publication of one single
íeport'
Sir, let me ask, are gentlemen prepared for this >
Is the country prepared for this' Suppose even
you go to the extent proposed, what good will be
produced' Five thousand copies of the entire
work, divided among the membeis of this House,
will not net to them, after reserving the necessary
copies for the Capitol, more than ten sets to each
member, and of the twenty thousand reports, the
net amount of each member for his district will fall
short of forty copies Now then, after you have
expended your $50,000 in the publication of this
lepoit, and you get forty copies of the report
without the documents, and ten copies with them,
for each district, put the question home to the con-
stituents of any gentleman, and ask them whether
they approve of such an expenditure undei the
pretence of furnishing such limited means of in-
formation to their district' Whatever the motive
may be, they will denounce it as an extravagant
expenditure
But, say gentlemen, the information cannot be
given thiough the newspaper organs     Why not'
Does any gentleman doubt that all the material
infoimation in each of these reports will be fur-
nished  to the  people  through   the newbpapeis'
I What is theobjection'    Why, forsooth, that they
will garble—to use the language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts—that they will garble the re-
ports, and present only such extracts as will suit
their own individual feelings or purposes     But
the same gentleman has also told us that the report
is of such an extraorumary character that it comes
with the concurrence of both branches—the major-
ity and the minontyof the committee   Why,Mr
Spi aker, if the report be the result of so  much
unanimity, where can be the danger or aprrehen-
I sion that garbled statements will be made, and the
i people miiled '    The very character of the report,
as represented by those in fa\ or of the larger iiym-
| bei, precludes the possibhty of the danger sug-
I gested as an argument m favor of printing that
large number
I     But, again, sir, the report being in itself the
result almost of unanimity in the committee, and
it being agreed on all sides, that all that is now
I necessary is  legislation, where can  be the great
I utility of multiplying copies of this repoit at such
an extraordinary expense to theTieasury'    Let
I me  submit this proposition  to those gentlemen
who are for printing so large a number, since it is
acknowledged on all sides that legislation only is
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
now necessary. Whether it would not be better for
this House to legislate and perform its own duty,
and then distribute among the people the results
of our own labors, rather than distribute among
the people information as to the mode in which
we have performed those duties ? Let the gentle-
men do this, and I will go with heart and hand in
multiplying copies to any extent. But no; not-
withstanding gentlemen are prepared to admit that
there is a defect in the Post Office laws—notwith-
standing they are prepared to admit that legisla-
tion is what is necessary—notwithstanding all
agree that legislation must be the next step upon
this subject, instead of going to work and legis-
lating and supplying the needful for the best inter-
ests of the people, they stop short by multiplying
reports upon reports, exposing the necessity of
such legislation. Sir, does this look like a com-
mendable pursuit, for the best interests of the
people? It is withholding from the people that to
which they are entitled.
But there is another objection to the printing of
so large a number of these reports, and that is
overbuidening the mails, and thereby increasing
the difficulties and embarrassments of a depart-
ment you say is defective already. Youareabout
to impose an additional tax upon it, in order to
weigh it down; for it is a tax upon the Post Office
Department to require it to distribute so large a
number of heavy volumes throughout the coun-
try. I respectfully ask if it be the intention of
gentlemen to break down this department at all
events, by imposing upon it additional burdens,
while they, at the same time, admit it is already
unable to sustain itself now ? Sir, the very expense
of distributing those volumes is, in itself, a suffi-
cient objection; especially as there cannot be a
doubt that all the information will come to the
people through the ordinary channel—the public
press.
Another reason has been given in favor of the
proposition, that there is an extraordinary excite-
ment throughout the country upon this subject.
_That the people want information about it. Let
'me ask, sir, how has this excitement been pro-
duced? Does not every gentleman understand
perfectly well how statements are manufactured
and worked up so as to produce excitement among
the people ? .Need I remind the n of the events of
the preceding year? But, sir, call the attention of
this House to anyone department of the Govern-
ment, and lay bare its extravagances; open the
blinds and windows, and let the people look in
fully and freely, and you will create an excite-
ment. I fear not to say, that I do not believe
there is a single department of this Government
which, if laid bare to the people, would not pro-
duce excitement; yet gentlemen cry out upon the
Post Office Department alone, and hold it up as a
subject worthy of every exaggeration, while at the
same time they seek to throw upon it the addi-
tional burden and expense of distributing thousands
upon thousands of ponderous documents. Mr.
Speaker, suppose the people could be called to
the extravagance of our own House in the matter
of printing alone; think you, sir, they would not
be excited ? If they will turn to the sixth docu-
ment, published at the present session of Con-
gress, in which the Clerk of this House exhibits
the expenditures of the House, they will discover
that up to the 30th of November, last year, the
expenses of the last session of this very Congress,
for printing alone, were $71,725, and the printing
ordered last session had not then all been com-
pleted I Ptior to this time many additional thou-
sand dollars have been expended to complete the
priming ordered last session. Why, this amount
is almost enough to place the Post Office Depart-
ment high and dry, and beyond the reach of embar-
rassment. Besides, what do we propose to effect
by the distribution of these reports ? 1 will not go so
far as to say that we propose to do away with the
possibility of legislating in reference to the Post
Office Department at the present session; but all
we do propose, is to lay open the enormities and
abuses of that department, and to do this we are
to expend an additional sum of $50,000, and then
not able to furnish one out of five hundred to our
constituents ! Why, the extra expenses of the
Post Office Department, about which gentlemen
have been so much disposed to complain, have
been, in a great measure, occasioned by the extra
number of documents which this and the other
House of Congress combined have ordered to be
printed and distributed throughout the country.
Your mails are laden down with your extra doc-
uments, and what is the necessary consequence ?
Why, that the mail contractor comes forward and
complains, saying to the department, " since 1
' entered into my contract the weight of the mails
' is increased four fold, and it is utterly impracti-
' cable for me to continue carrying them for the
' sum agreed upon; I muit therefore have an extra
'allowance, or else I shall be compelled to give up
' my contract; and if 1 do, no man can come and
' do it even at the extra sum." Who is to blame?
Not the Postmaster General. If the necessity
exists, and if Congress, or either branch of it,
persists in loading down the mails with heavy,
voluminous, and in most instances, useless docu-
ments, extra allowances must be given to the mad
contractors for carrying them. Thus the evil
falls back upon ourselves, and if the people of this
country have not already reflected sufficiently
upon this subject, so as to understand it, the time,
I trust, is not far distant, when they will so under-
stand it; and in the same proportion as you over-
load the mails with these extra copies of ponder-
ous documents, will members of Congress them-
selves be held accountable by the people, and the
Post Office Department be acquitted, even if it be
overwhelmed in bankruptcy. Tnis would be no
more than justice.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I will reiterate that
I am opposed to the printing of any extra number
of these reports beyond the number specified by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Beardsley,]
who, as one of the committee, we may suppose is
conversant in the matter, and who thought two
thousand would be sufficient.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, said that there
was no evidence adduced before the committee
that any extra allowance had been made in conse-
quence of the mail having to carry an extra num-
ber of congressional documents.
Mr. SMITH said it was an inference drawn
from facts that were known to every one.
Mr. MERCER regretted that the gentleman
from Maine had occupied so much time. Mr M.
said he should vote for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. He said he did not
complain of the expense of printing because
benefit resulted from it; but if the gentleman from
Maine had attacked the gaudy drapery around the
Speaker's chair, fit only for a company of strolling
players, or the expense of keeping up a large and
useless hall, Mr. M. would have concurred with
him; but he did not conceive the printing of use-
ful documents for the information of the people,
extravagance at all. [Mr. M. always speaks in
so low a tone of voice, and so frequently varies his
position, sometimes turning his back to the chair,
that it is rarely the reporter can catch consecutive
words enough to convey even the purport of the
honorable member's remarks.]
Mr. BURGES rose to repel the charge that this
House loaded the mail to such an extent as to
cause or to increase the derangements in the Post
Office Department.
Mr. MANN, of New York, did not rise, he
said, to prolong the debate, for perhaps he also
might subject himself to a similar lecture in regard
to his duty that had been bestowed upon his friend
from Mame. However that might be, Mr. M.
had been in the habit of expressing his opinions
without much regard as to whether they suited
the particular views of other gentlemen or not;
he should do so on the present occasion.
The proposition under consideration was to
print five thousand copies of the report and ac-
companying documents, and twenty-five thousand
copies of the report alone. A member of the Post
Office Committee has told the House that in all
probability the whole will make three octavo
volumes; another gentleman estimated them at
five volumes. Take them at three volumes, this
would make about fourteen thousand five hundred
and eighty, giving to each member a little over
sixty volumes. For a long time Congress had '
been ardently engaged in collecting a public library
worthy of the nation, and which should be an
ornament to the country, and it does contain the
various branches of history and legislation of most
civilized nations, and has in it, together with all
the documents of our own country, and all the
works appertaining to every part of science, about
twenty-two thousand volumes. Now, what were
we about to do ? To print fourteen thousand five
hundred and eighty volumes, or, in all probability a
much larger number, sufficient to line the hall in
which they were sitting, nearly as many as the
library they had been so long engaged in forming,
to distribute all over the number. We were told
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, that our
constituents read all these documents, and that the
gentleman's own constituents read them. Now,
Mr. M. would venture to predict, that the gentle-
man himself had never yet read so many books
printed by that House as the document in ques-
tion would amount to. He doubted if there was
a member there who had patience to wade through
such a mass of documents. He could see no
utility in printing so large a number. While they
were undertaking to correct abuses in other de-
partments of the Government they were themselves
lavishing thousands in useless printing. He could
see no practical utility whatever in publishing so
large a number of these documents, except that
of giving the printer a job that would last through-
out the whole recess. No one was more willing
than Mr. M. that constituents should have all the
information possible upon every subject; but this
was one which they would obtain through the
ordinary channels, without putting the country to
such an expense. He hoped the number would
not exceed one, instead of five thousand; and he
was sure that one thousand would furnish to every
member as many copies as he could send to con-
stituents who would read them.
Mr. BRIGGS said if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Mann] intended to insinuate that Mr.
B. had any such motive in view by his proposition
as that of patronising the public printer, the gentle-
man was widely mistaken. Mr. B. had made the
proposition from a deep conviction that the im-
portance of the subject and the expectations of
the people demanded it. Nor was he to be deter-
red from persevering in it by the gentleman's
ringing the tocsin of party, by saying that the in-
tention is to patronise the public printer. Mr. B.
thought the number he had indicated few enough.
A word in reply to the gentleman from Maine.
The gentleman went into a cool, deliberate, and
mathematical calculation, to show how much per
document the printing would amount to; that it
would cost each of his and my constituents the
enormous amount of nearly four mills a head!
Another argument of the gentleman he thanked
him for: and if it was in Mr. B.'s power he would
tell it to the gentleman'«constituents. He hoped,
however, the reporters would do it. The gentle-
man said, if the people of this country could look
through the windows and see the expenses of
every department in the Government, they would
be excited. The gentleman said this in the sin-
cerity of his heart, and he thanked him for it. M r.
B. made some further remarks, and concluded by
hoping the House would adopt his proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, remarked, that
in his opinion the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Smith] was mistaken in saying that nothing more
than legislation was necessary. Mr. J.'s opinion
was, that abuses existed throughout the depart-
ment, from^the time the present head came into
office. No complaints were heard of the former
administration of this department, but it was then
ably and economically administered. The abuses
arose out of the present administration of the Post
Office, and the public would not be satisfied, nor
would the abuses be removed by an act of Con-
gress, but by the removal of the head of the Post
Office Department. Mr. J. considered the present
Postmaster General totally incompetant to dis-
charge the duties of his office. Whether the
abuses arose from ignorance or incapacity, the
effect was the same; the abuses could only be
removed by the removal of incompetent officers.
He was in favor of diffusing the information as
widely as possible, so that the people might see
how the thousands had been wasted; for, if not,
and that House passed an act without giving the
people an opportunity of looking into the matter,
they might think the abuses sprung out of some
defect of the existing laws, instead of from the
mal-administration of thePostmasterGeneral. He
believed that as long as that officer and his present
248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
assistants continued in office, no matter what laws
were passed, the abuses would continue to exist
With regard to the reports of the committee of
investigation, he was in favor of the largest num-
ber. It was a document that ought to be distrib-
uted throughout every part of the United States,
in every congressional district, and in every coun-
ty, and published in every village newspaper in
the country
Mr. BOON said that he wished to say a very
few words for Buncombe He said that gentlemen
on this floor had stated m their places that the
subject under consideration was one of great
interest—that it had created much excitement
among the people of the country. Grant it, Mr.
Speaker, (said Mr. B ,) and I put it to honorable
gentlemen to say whether the mere printing of the
report made by the Post Office Committee will
remedy the evils which are complained of Sir,
1 represent on this floor an intelligent people, who
will look to Congress for a correction of those
abuses which are so much complained of, should
they be found to exist, rather than the mere print-
ing of a report having reference to the past The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Briggs] has
told this House how vastly important it is that the
people should have correct information on this
subject Mr Speaker, I am myself emphatically
a " People's" man, willing at all times that they
should have all necessary information on all sub-
jects in which they may have an interest But,
sir, I am not in the habit of reiterating the fact,
either here or elsewhere, least I might subject
myself to the charge of being a political demagogue
If gentlemen are sincere in their professions on the
subject of giving information to the people gener-
ally, let them authorize the printing of a sufficient
number of the report and accompanying docu-
ments to have a copy put into the hands of each
and every freeman in the United States Any
thing short of this would be paitial in its operation
I am willing, Mr Speaker, that a reasonable num-
ber of the report and documents together should
be printed and sent among the people of the coun-
try But I am not willing to vote for the printing
of so great a number as has been proposed, noi,
sir, am I willing to vote for the printing of a
greater number of the report than that of the
accompanying documents While I am free to
declare that I have the most unlimited confidence
in the members who compose the Post Office Com-
mittee, without any regard to political distinction,
I cannot consent to vote for the printing and send
ing abroad a greater number of the report than of
the proof upon which it is piedicated, believing, as
1 do, that it would be an act of injustice on my
part towards the much abused head of the Post
Office Department
Mr JACKSON, of Connecticut, considered
that if there was any one department moie than
another upon which the people wished to be lllu
minuted it was that of the Post Office Department
Admitting, for the sake of aigument, that much
extravagant expendituie had been manifested in
printing documents by that House, the objection
could not, he conceived, apply to the case under
consideration, because its object was to apply a
remedy to almost universally admitted existing
abuses, and it was a question on which the people
felt peculiar interest It was highly .necessary
that the people should understand what weie the
grounds of the complaints against the department
if founded upon mal administiation or corruption,
to remove the officers, if, on the contrary, the
abuses ause from the peculiai oigamzation of the
department, it was important that the fact should
be brought to light In every point of view, thete-
fore, he conceived the House could not stand justi
fied in refusing the proposition of the honorab'e
gentleman from Massachusetts, and deeming it
i easonable, he should, therefore, give it his cordial
support
Mr VANDERPOEL said he opposed the print
mgofanextraoidinary numbei of thesedocuments
as a waste of the public funds He would be the
last to oppose the promulgation of impoitant in-
formation to the people, but, if thirty or forty
thousand of these books—tnese large volumes
were printed, how many would reach the great
mass of the people by such means^ He was for
curtailing the enormous expenses of the Govern-
ment, and he called on the friends of the Admin-
istration, economy, and of retrenchment, to go
with him in that curtailment
Mr SLADE expressed his surprise at the oppo-
sition which has been manifested to printing the
report of a committee, organized and appointed
by the friends of the Administration
Mr CONNOR said the committee had been
appointed by the House, and not by a party He
believed they had also discharged their duty,
without reference to party or political feeling
Mr SLADE still believed the majority of the
committee were the friends of the present Admin-
istration, and of the department whose conduct
they were appointed to investigate He spoke,
also, of the expense of the publication oí the doc
uments, which he conceived to be a minor consid-
eration when compared with their impoitance
Mr PEARCE also advocated the printing of a
large number of copies of the reports and docu-
ments He deprecated the allusions which had
been made to the profits which it might be sup-
posed the public printer would acquire by the pub-
lication He spoke at some length on the import-
ance of the dissemination of these reports among
the people, who certainly demanded it
Mr SMITH, of Maine, .again addressed the
House in explanation of his former remarks, and
in reply to those of Messrs. Mercer, Briggs,
and Burges
Mr BEARDSLEY felt called upon, as a mem-
ber of the committee, and especially after what
had fallen from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr
Whittlesey,] to say a few words That gen
tleman and himself (he thought) could not differ
essentiallyon the fact referred to, and he presumed
there was some little misapprehension on the part
of the honorable member from Maine, [Mr
Smith,] so far as related to an increased expense
on the part of the Post Office Department, in con-
sequence of an increased weight of the mails by
public documents It appeared before the com-
mittee that an extra allowance of P0,000had been
made on the route from Philadelphia to Pittsburg,
which allowance was made on the representation
of the carrier alone, at least there was no other
evidence whatever furnished to the committee that
the Postmaster General had acted on any evidence
but a lettei from the mail contractor That letter
did not, nor did the evidence befoie the commit
tee, discriminate between an increase in weight by
newspapers, letters, or packages
There was another case in which extra allow-
ance was made, but not from the weight of the
mail alone It was the mail between Baltimore and
Wheeling, that allowance was made, also, upon
the representation of the contractor, sustained by
petitions and letters from others One ground
assumed by the contractor, in that application, was
anincreaseof the weightof the mail on that route,
but Mr B could not call to mind, at that moment,
whether the increased weight was alleged to have
been owing to the publication of documents by
Congress 01 not The evidence befoie the com-
mittee showed that there was an increase, and the
Postmaster General, unquestionably, relied upon
the representations he had received to establish
that fact, and accordingly made the extra allow-
ance Mr B did not remember that, in i elation to
either route, theie was any direct evidence to the
fact of an inciease in the weight in consequence
of the publication of documents, or of any publi
cations whatever emanating from this city But
theie was some evidence—he would not say satis
factoiy—yet there was some evidence given before
the committee to establish the fact that the weight
of the mails had been greatly increased on both
routes But the fact, whether there was such an
increase or not, the committee regarded as quite
immaterial, (he alluded to the report of the major
Uy, for of the opinions of the minonty he knew
nothing ) the Postmaster Geneial being, in their
judgment, unauthorized, undertreaetof Congress
regulating the Post Office Department, to make
an extra allowan-e of one single cent on any such
ground Entertaining that opinion, he paid very
little attention himoelf to the evidence which went
to prove or to disprove the fact of increased
weight If it were proved to weigh five tons, as
thelaw stood, the Postmaster Geneial possessed
no authority to make any extra allowance what-
ever
While up, Mr B would make a remark or two
in consequence of what fell fiom the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr Johnson ] That gentleman
ascribed all the abuses and embarrassments of the
Post Office Department solely and exclusively to
its present administration Not to the President
of the United States, nor to any other department;
but Mr B understood the gentleman to say that
the abuses and enormities were all chargeable to
the present Postmaster General Now, it was but
justice to that individual, to the public, and to
the committee, to say, that to whatever conclusion
the committee may have come, the suggestion
made by the gentleman from Louisiana should
not be allowed to go abroad without explanation
Mr B then took upon himself to say that the
papers produced before the committee, the com-
munications they had received, and the evidence
adduced, all showed most clearly and satisfacto-
rily, that many, and indeed most, of the irregular-
ities now prevailing in that department, prevailed
also undei the administration of that department
which preceded the present one He would not
go so far as to say that they existed to the same
extent, and the same degree, that they existed
now, but the irregular course then marked out
and adopted had been followed by the present in-
cumbent, an n regular course clearly and decidedly
so, and which, in Mr B 's estimation, had led to
a very considerable, if not to the largest portion
of the wasteful expenditure of the public money
of which the public had a just right to complain
He particularly referred to the culpable practice
of amalgamated bids, extra allowances upon con-
tracts founded on such bids, and other excesses
of that nature, each and all of which prevailed to
a greater or less extent under the former as well
the present Postmaster General Mr B did not
intend to cast the slightest reflection upon the
purity of purpose of the present or the preceding
incumbent of that office All he intended to say
was, that the abuses existed before, and had de-
scended to the present time, though not to the
same extent, for they were ceitainly aggravated
in later years                      4
Mr LYTLE said that he objected to the course
that the debate had taken If he understood the
question properly, it had reference merely to the
number of copies which should be printed of this
report, and yet it had taken a wide, and, in his
judgment, an unwarrantable range Gentlemen
had been discussing the merits of the report before
that report was fairly before them He should
like to see it on the tables, and have time to read
it, before he passed judgment on its contents, or
expressed an opinion on the subject matter to
which it had reference
„ Upon the question, then, of printing an unusual
number of extra copies, Mr L said he consid-
ered any debate unnecessary, if the declarations
of the honorable gentleman from Louisiana were
to be taken for gianted—who, without any report
before him, had undertaken to pass sentence of
death on the department and its head—if they
were really already convicted, he thought the time
of the House would be misspent in delibeialmg on
the question now before them, viz the printing of
the testimony by which the guilt or innocence of
the accused should be decided Gentlemen assure
us that the people are to be enlightened on this
subject, and thiough the medium of this report,
and yet they tell us, in the same breath, that the
people understand the whole mattei, and that
Majoi Barry must be dismissed, and the depart-
ment reoigamzed That the " whole country
believes in his guilt," and the mismanagement of
his department Why, sn, what stuft is this >
Tne people already enlightened ' The culprit
already condemned '—and yet the House called
on to pay the enormous expense of pruning fifty
thousard extra copies, to show, I presume, that
it was fairly done Why, sir, for one, I enter
my solemn protest against the whole procedure
This is, indeed, a new and most unngntoous mode
of action in such oases—nass>ng sentence of death
upon a min aid his whole department by your
speeches, and then printing fifty thousand extra
cipies uf a leport, by which, it is hoped, some-
thing may be gleaned out of which the&e charit-
able decrees 01 predictions may be justified
Why, sir, (said Mr L ,) the ordinary mode in
this and in e^ery Chnstian country, is to try first
and convict afterwards, if the testimony exacts or
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
•43a OoK&RBbs, 2d 3ession.
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1835.
Vol. 2 ....No. 16.
wariants it; but the rule is now to be reversed
for the first time in this country. Su, I under-
take to say you are now called on to camínate,
by speeches and the circulation of reports, in
unusual and extraordinary numbers, an individ-
ual, before the very testimony is examined by his
triers, who are, by this motion, to be made the
organs of its publication and distnbution Why,
Ml Speaker, the humblest culprit arraigned at
the judicial bar of our country, for crimes the
twos' foul and atioeious, is indulged with the time
and opportunity for a fair hearing and a full and
complete defence, an ample examination of all the
testimony against him, before the sentence of con-
demnation is passed upon him. And is a high
officer of this Government to be debarred the
privilege allowed to the common malefactor'1 Say
what you will, sir, the present proceedings against
this department have tne tendency necessawly to
produce the results 1 have named Whether by
accident or design, he is to be the victim. Pnend
and foe seem ready for the sacrifice, and he gets it
from them all, light and left Why, sir, not wait
for the printing and examination of the two re-
ports of the Senate, which, before they were
printed or read, (Í mean by the Senators,) pro-
duced a bill from that body, a bill which has been
sent down to us for the reorganization of that
depaitment? I stand here as a sworn juroi be-
tween the country and the accused, and, for one,
I will not act, by the God that made me, except
on ample proof Let us have it. Not only this
report, but the two reports from the Senate. Why,
sir, should we prpjudge this case? Why act be-
!oie the proof is before us? Why attempt to
forestall or pi ejudice the public mind ? Why anti-
cipate a decision which may never be made by
this body, when they have the time and means to
investigate for themselves?
These reports may be antagonist to each other,
and yet, sir, you aie called on to anticipate your
future judgment, deliberately formed, by testi-
mony you have not heaiJ, and a system of con-
duct which may lead to the most unjust and vin-
i ive elimination of those who may be (as I
believe them) completely innocent Tell me not
that the head of this department is not to be
directly and immediately affected by this precipi-
tate and ill-advised action of the House 1 know
better, sir. You cannot alienate his personal and
political ident'fy in this determination The object
is, his removal, his political demolition. It shall
rot happen, ¡>ir, with my consent, without a full
and fa r trial No, sir, I want all the documents—
I demand all the proofs—show me official dere-
liction and I will vote for its radical removal.
Show me corruption, peculation, defalcation, or
negligence, and with all my heart I will join in
the application to remove it—but I must fust see
and know it, before 1 attempt a remedy. There is
one thing I must here add—that for the first time
the Postmaster General has been personally the
subject of accusation Daring the whole of the
last session (elsewhere, as in this body) he has
escaped unscathed His character has been held
sacred. I avow openly, and with pride, my waim
attachment to the head of this department. I
have known him 'ong, and love and esteem, and
revere his many estimable and exalted pioperties,
and it was a matter of no ordinary compliment,
that through all the bitterness of party feeling
during the last session of Congress, as well as the
present, when the hail storms of party malevo-
lence and persecution beat about his department
and himself as its representative, that his person
v/as held sacied, that no harm approached him,
that the lull tubute to his individual merits was
exacted by a knowledge of his worth, ft ora the
bitterest of his opponents, and 1 now^dare and
defy any man on or off this floor to impeach
the personal or political integrity of William T
Barry.
Notwithstanding (continued Mr. L ) the long
services, unquestioned ability, and worth of my
honorable colleague,  [Mr. Whittlesey]—than
16
to whom no one moie readily than myself is willing
to accord the merit of usetulness and indefatigable
zeal, honesty and energy of action as a Represent-
ative of my State upon this floor, one who has
justly earned its confidence and high regaid, ana'
made me ready,alwaysieady, toacknowledge his
ability, and claim him with pride and pleasure as a
colleague, however widely we may differ in some
things—today he has sui prised me by attempting
to disprove tne statements of the gentleman fiom
Maine, [Mr. Smith,] by showing in his way that
there was no proof of the fact before the House that
the burdens of the department were increased by
the increase of extra printing during the last session
of Congress, and thereto1e, that the statements
were fallacious. Why, sir, it lequires no proof,
(said Mr. L ,) it is a matter that addresses itself
at once to the common sense and undeistanding
of every man upon this floor. Can there be an
enormous increase of documents without the in-
dispensable increase of cost for their circulation
by the mail? It is amat'er about which there can
be no dispute Add to the tonnage, and y'ou must
pay for the increased carriage. Multipty docu-
ments, and you must provide means forthen trans-
portation. And thus it has been, sir, among other
means that the department has reached tne point
of difficulty complained of.
The trouble exists mainly, in my opinion, in
the increased burdens imposed on the department
by the legislation of Congress, one way or another,
and its willingness and anxiety to meet the de-
mands thus made on it. Sir, I appeal in a spirit
of fiankness to this body, if they have not, by
their system of legislation, contnbu'ed mainly to
produce the state of things of which they now
complain against the Post Office Department By
the application of what class of people have new
mail routes been estabiisned, post offices cieated,
contiacts made, and extia a'lowances granted?
My answer is, by members of Congress (And
I trust the catalogue will be forthcoming before
long, exhibiting a list of all who have thus kindly
aided to the distress of the department they are
now so ready to condemn and execrate )
Sn,*by the proposition now before you, we are
called on to aggravate the evil which the document
complains of that we send abroad You start a
diseased herald to report the malady of which the
very messenger is the subject—one of a family of
fifty thousand.
I am opposed to any new panic therefore Í shall
vote against the printing now, and hereafter, of a
single extia sheet of anything; especially where
the design is to anticipate the action of the House
and forestall public judgment. Such printing as
is indispensable to the purposes of legislation 1 am
prepared to vote for, but no more. I have ever
been opposed to this extravagant propensity of
the House. Let any gentleman on this floor turn
to the mass of well bound printed trash of the last
session, and say if the load of such mattei under
which his shelves now groan, of panic speeches,
memorials, reports, resolutions, and eien names,
will not compel him honestly to admit that there
is to be found the true seci et of at least one diffi
culty under which the departmentbas had to labor;
but there are others which in due time shall be
noticed. Let the House, I say, however, pause
first itself, before it arraigns any other depart-
ment of the Government Sir, the extra printing
of this House would cover all the extra allow-
ances (occasioned chiefly by the action of Con-
gress) of the Post Office Department for the last
two years. I liaza.d the opinion. Look at the
abuses too of the franking privilege. One mam
object avowed in defence of this propos.tion is
to supply the districts of certain gentlemen-
yes, sir, to make Uncle Sam pay for the privilege
of getting ourselves reelected by franking home
any quantity of documents. My day is over, sir,
in that way", but I assure gentlemen that 1 never
knew much good to come of it—you can't frank
to every elector in the district—one is as much
entitled as another—and so far as my experience
goes, you make more enemies than friends by
franking at all, for I nevei sent one document to a
constituent that I did not receive on an average at
least one letter from another, complaining that he
had been neglected; so that but little good is done
in that way.
But, sir, in conclusion, I desire nothing but what
is fair and just m the decision of the House upon
this matter. Let us have an opportunity before
we condemn puie and upright and hitherto honor-
able men—let us compare with the increased busi-
ness of this department, under the present head,
the expenses, the defalcations, the practices, the
uses and abuses of those who preceded him. I
wish, sir, and hope that all these matters have
come within the observance of the committee, and
that as they are greatly regulated by precedent and
contrast, we may expectto find less guilt than has
been anticipated oi hoped for, and an equal atpount
of integiity, fidelity, and official usefulness, as will
compare with any precedent administration of the
department I have occupied the House longer
than I wished or expected, and conclude by hoping
that they will at leastieducethenumber proposed
of extra copies.
Messrs ELISHA WHITTLESEY and CRA-
MER afterwards addiessed the House, and Mr.
HUBBARD moved the previous question; which
was seconded by a majority of the House, and
taken, being on the motion, as modified and
dmdedjto print thiee thousand extia copies of
the reports and documents. The question was
taken by yeas and nays; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 161, nays 47
The question was then also taken by yeas and
nays on printing twenty thousand extra copies of
reports without the documents; and passed in the
affirmative—yeas 101, nays 93.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Febiuary 16, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. TOMLIN-
SON and TYLER.
Mr. WAGGA MAN presented a communication
from the Legislature of Louisiana, together with,
■a joint resolution praying a grant of land from
Congress to that State for the purposes of public
education; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS  TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which the following bills from the House
of Representatives were referred, reported the
same, as follows.
A bill for the íelief of JohnFrazer& Co., with-
out amendment,
A bill for the relief of Richard Butman, with-
out amendment;
A bill for the relief of Riddle, Becktel, and
others, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Committee
on Finance were discharged from the further con- ,
sideration of the petition of James Robinson.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives making appropriations for the
fortifications of the United States for the year
1835, reported the same with an amendment.
Mr McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which the bill for the relief of Job Barton
was committed, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bills for the relief of
John Hernck and Job Wood, reported them,
severally, without amendment.
Mr BELL, from the Committee on Claims, to
which was referred the bill fro™ the House of
Representatives for the relief of Samuel Buller,
reported the same without amendment.
250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16>
Mr SHEPLEY, from the same committee, to
which the bill from the House for the relief of
Thomas Clements was referred, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William Ramsey, de-
ceased.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Dougherty.
Both the last mentioned bills were read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr, LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of the representatives of Leonard
Cooper, deceased; and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports upon the petitions of Margaret
Riker, the representatives of Elizabeth Goodwin
and Margaret Leitch, ofM. St. C. Clarke agent
of the State of Georgia, of the heirs of Samuel
Clagett and George Richards; of Joseph Boggy,
heir OJT Joseph Placy; of the heirs of James Davis;
of the heirs of Thomas Wert; of the heirs of
Francis Cazesu. and the heirs of Henry Irwin.
LAND   SCRIP   TO   HOLDERS   OP UNLOCATED
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
On motion of Mr POINDEXTER, the Senate
took up for consideration the bill authorizing the
issuing of scrip to holders of unlocated military
land wairants; when, on his motion, it was post-
poned to, and made the special order for, Friday
next.
PRINTER TO THE SENATE.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution;
That on Thursday next the Senate will proceed
to the election of a printer.
REPRESENTATIVES   OP  LIEUTENANT   ROB-
ERT JEftETT.
The bill for the relief of the peisonal represent-
atives of the late Lieutenant Robert Jewett, was
read the third time and passed.
BRIG DESPATCH.
On motion of Mi. SHEPLEY, the Senate con-
sidered, as m Committee of the Whole, the bill
for the lehet of the owneie of the brig Despatch,
and the same was oidered to be engrossed for a
thud reading.
HOUSE   BILLS   RETERRED.
The following bilK from the House were sev-
erally read the fiiat and second tune, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill for the relief of Enoch Blaisdell;
A   bill granting  petibions  to  certain  peisons
theiein named,
A  bill gianung a pension to John W. Willey,
and for increasing the pension of George Fields,
A bill granting a pension to William Slooum;
A bill granting a pension to VVnliam Wilges,
A bill tor the relief of Samuel M   Anbury,
A billgianting a pension to Fiancis F  St Omr,
A bill for the telief of ceitam invalid pensioners
therein named;
A bill granting a pension to Joseph Mead,
A bill tor the lehcf of John Dal, of Mame
A bill foi the relief Simeon Meachum
A bill gianung a pension to Lake Vooihise,
A  bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
Morgan,
A billgianting a pension to Benjamm Leslie,
A bill granting a pension to William Baden and
James Harrington,
A bill for the relief of John Aston;
A bill for the relief of Ephiaim F  Gilbert;
A bill granting a pepMon to ¡st.ac Cartel;
A bill giuntmg a pension to John Gerodelle;
A bill for the relief oeSamuel Snelmeidme,
A bill for the relief of Thomas Moiton,
A bill to niñease the pen" on of Origen Eator;
A bill granting a pension to John W   Cox;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Swartwood,
A bill granting an airearage of pension to Ed-
ward Nicholson.
A bill for the relief of Abram E. Boutw^lland
David Pearson;
A bill granting a pension to Robert Lucas;
A bill for the relief of George McFadden;
A bill for the relief of Simeon S. Morrill and
Theophilus Beekman;
A bill for the relief of George C. Seaton,
A bill granting a pension to Larned Swallow,
A bill granting a pension to John Bryant;
A bill granting a pension to Noah Miller;
A bill placing Captain Cole, a Seneca Chief, on
the pension roll;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Holland;
A bill for the relief of William Keller;
A bill granting a pension to Justus Cobb;
A bill granting a pension to L L. Van Velken-
burg;
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Eckingle;
A bill for the relief of William C. Beaid,
A bill for the relief of Jacob Stewart;
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Simpson;
A b>ll for the relief of Thankful Randall;
A bill for the relief of Colonel Daniel Newnan;
A bill for the relief of Peter Tuplett;
A bill for the íelief of Peter Doxtator and J.
Weaver;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Samuel Southerland,
A bill for the relief of Timothy Jordan,
A bill for the relief of Daniel Page;
A bill for the relief of Walter Phillips;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth May;
A bill for the relief of Jared Buckingham;
A bill for the relief of Solomon Case;
A bill for the relief of the widow of Noah Chit-
tenden;
A bill for the relief of Colonel William Law-
rence; and
A bill to provide for paying certain pensioners
at Jackson, Tennessee.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES OF GOVERN-
MENT.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Benton, calling on the President for certain
information to be furnished at the next session of
Congiess, was tak°n up for consideration.
Mr. POINDEXTER said that the resolution
was of a very extraoidmary chaiacter     He had
no objection to a call on one of the depaitments
or the Piesident hnusell for facts     But this call
was much moie compiehenstve than any other he
had ever seen.    It called foi speculative opinions.
He would propose, if it was to pass, to add to the
end of it, that the President bp requested to fur-
nish a treatise on banking, and a histoiy of his
Administration     It would be quite as app'icable
as the sul ject-matter of the lesoliUion.    Mr. P   i
1 said he objected to the lesolution, that it had a j
tendency to remind the Piesident of his constitu- i
tional duties, when he was bound to communicate
■  annually to   Congress  information on all these '
subjects.    To call foi  his opinions as to the ad- I
I mimstiation of the Government, came within the
| line of his constitutional duties Mr P said he
never had seen such a lesolution as this was,
either here or elsewhere     At the organization of |
¡ the Government, theie was an opinion seriously
held by the Demociaticsideof the House, that we
could not properly call on the Piesident for his
I opinion on any measuie involving the great inter-
ests of the country, and these were General Ham-
llto.i's views on this subject
Mr   P. said he oljetted  to this lesolulion on
I the giound of its hemp a proceeding suigeneiis
¡ At present he moved   to  lay the suiject on the [
table
I Mr BENTON" rose merely to ask the yeas and
nays upon this disposition of the resolution            ¡
1     Mr POINDEX TCR intimated his willingness
■  to call it up on Wednesday next, and Mr. BEN-
TON then withdrew his call, and the resolution
1 was laid on the table                                                   ,,
■                         BLACIv ROCK HARBOR.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr
i Tomjlifson, on Saturday last, was taken up, con-
t sidettd, ard adopted.
i Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the preservation of
Black Rock harbor, on the northerly side of Long
Island Sound.
JAMES L. STOKES.
The bill for the relief of James L. Stokes was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and, on
motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, was laid on the
table.
PAUL POISSOT.
The bill for the relief of Paul Poissot was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and, on
motion of Mr. PORTER, was laid on the table.
LAWS POR THH DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The bill to provide a system of laws for the Dis-
trict of Columbia was taken up, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TYLER said the bill proposed to enact the
system of laws reported by the District Committee
two yeais ago. He said it was almost incon-
ceivable in what a state of confusion the laws of
this Distuct were placed. It would require too
much prolixity to enter fully into an examination
of them The cession of the District—these ten
miles_square—was made some thirty yeais since,
and some of the laws now in operation nere were
a centuiy in existence, some of which would put
a Christian man to blush Some of them, it is
true, are dormant, but they can be awakened
whenever an occasion presents. He objected to
the District of Columbia being made a great slave
mart. It is now a depot for the purchase of slaves
from the surrounding country—the States of Vir-
ginia and Maryland. The code of laws which is
proposed to be enacted by this bill attempts the
abolition of this practice of making the District a
depot for the puichase and sale oí slaves. The
punishment of the black population here is under
the existence of laws which are anything but
justifiable, and require gieat amelioration. As to
the judicial system, it cannot be in a woise situa-
tion than that in which the committee found it.
But that which is enough to break down the ener-
gies of any system, is the system of administering
the laws by the magistrates, which would be a
curse in any country. A host of justices of the
peace are living heie, with signs over their office
doois, which eeem like pioclaimmg, "justice
bought and sold here " He aid not say that this
state of things actually existed. But the state
of the laws holds out inducements to justices to
make fees by making business. There are also an
aimy of constables heie, who aie affiliated with
the justices, and each favor the other. The sys-
tem makes the justice dependent upon his fees;
andwhenevei your system makes the judicial offi-
cer dependent upon his fees, you make him, in-
stead of being an officer of the peace, a disturber
of the peace. He spoke now of no paiticulai
individuals But the bill proposed to reform these
evils, which will save to the Distuct, in fres alone,
some thirty or forty thousand dollars At present
nothing is found more profitable to the magistrates
than to get up assaults and battel íes— die more
witnesses that are biought up, the more fees aie
obtained. Mi. T said he had heard accusations
of this sort, though no case had fallen under his
own obseivation He thought the committee had
proposed a judicial scheme which would savefiom
thirty to foity thousand dollars m official fees.
The business of the courts, when examined, it
would be seen, progressed tatdily. Onlyonecouit
existed for eveiy species of criminal business, and
the same court was at the same time invested with
the most extensive civil junsdietion He did not
propose to enter fully into this question; but he
thought thus much was necessnry and due to thrf
Senate, as well as to the people of the District
He would have prefened that bills should be
reported, and passed one by one, until a code of
good laws should be mide, but ne would be very
will satisfied if the Senate would |>assthe bill and
enact the system now It was impossible that the
code could be undeistood by an examination of it
alone.
Mr T "having concluded,
Mr CALHOUN moved to Uy the bill on the
tab'e, for ttie puipose of proceeding to the special
order; which was agreed to.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
the bill to repeal the act of 1820, commonly called
the four years' law
Mr WLBbT£Riose,and said he had proposed
to give his views on the subject before the Senate,
and if no other gentleman wished to occupy the
floor, he would embrace that opportunity
No other Senator sjsing, Mr  W  proceeded
The question (he said) involved subjects of the
most serious consequences to the people of the
United States, and of great constitutional lm-
poitaice It had for its onject to dimmish the
increasing; power of the Executive Department
He did not consider the powers which the bill was
calculated to restrain, as belonging to the class of
constitutional poweis He fully concurred with
those who thought that it was important, as well
f r the present as the futuie, that some check
shou d be imposed on executive power Opinions
should be left free the right of suffrage should
be exeicised on principle, not to piomote pnvate
interests and party purposes
He thought that executive power, acting on
tho e who uepended on its patronage for offices
and honors, exened a powerful influence on pop-
ular elections But how was that power of the
Pie^ident exerted' Before the act of 1820 the
officer was continued, unless removed But now
h s turn of office expired every four years, and
ai othet might be nominated m his stead
[It would admit that, in the case of accounting
officers, Irequentchanges might be beneficial, but,
on the whole, the results of the four yeais'jaw
rau^pd more evil than good That law gave new
powei and influence to the President Before
that time the President could remove from office,
bu seldom exer'ed that power But smcethelaw
lequ led a íene^al once in four years, when that
time approached, those m office were in a state of
con'mua fear, lest hey should lose their places,
wi lie those out of office were contriving methods
of ge i ing it The officeholder would endeavor to
hold on by subserviency to the appointing power,
tho^e out of office, by greater zeal and devotion,
would hope to secure themselves an appointment,
and thus destroy all that manly mdeper den"e
wi leh should characterize freemen In that way
we weie plunging deeper and deepei into the
abyss at every election And thus things would
go on to the destruction of all our republican insti-
tutions The theory of oui Government was very
p)¡.in and simple Ihe great difficulty was to
keep back those attractions that act upon the hopes
aid feais of the people—to make office, not a
r lace of honor and profit, but of trust and confl-
uence, to repre'-s and suppress everything that
te ided to individual asgrandiztmert It was
ísiert al that every offcei should feel that he was
on offi ei for ihe countiy, not for himself The
Nuv y, the Pos Office, and all other department'*,
were instituted only for the welfarefcf the country,
notapp ndages of executive powei The decrease
of that power should be an important object, to
a I who wished to see the Government broug it
back to its original simplicity Some gentlemen
pietend to see no danger in so small a number of
men as those within tne reach of executive mflu
ence But it must be remembered that they are
men of intelligence and act in concert He was
willing to admit, with the honorable Senator fr m
Mime, [Mi Shepley,] that many advantages
w uld result from frequent changes, but be! eved
it was opening the dooi for still greater evils
Put theie was another part of the subject of
Mill greater magnitude  m  his opinion     It was
the constitutionality of the law     k wis the pun
eipal object of his rising to examine that po'rt
Ih" power of removal had been supposed to lie
wah lh" Piesident since the discussion of 1789
)• was then luliy and ably discussed by the gieat
li¿ms thatfoimed the Constitution, and oecided in
favoi of the Executive, by the casting vote of the
I i-sidingofl oer     ButMi W believed the minor-
i i to hav e been in the right on thatoccasion    He
onsideied   the   deu^ion  as wiong in principle
f he q   estion was, had the President the power to
i emov e fi   m office, except whei e it was especially
delisted by the Constitution > He would not trust
lo that decision   but go to the Constitution, the
si une whence that controverted power flowed
Mr W went on to argue that, as the power of
removal was not expressly de'egated bytheConsti
tution, it could only be exercised by construction,
by implication, or as incident to the power of
appointment And since the President could not
appoint without the consent of the Senate, so he
ought not to remove without the concurrence of
the Senate He contended that a meie nomina-
tion of a new candidate did not vacate the office,
that if the Senate rejected the nomination, the
incumbent officer should continue in his place If
the Constitution had given to the President the
power of appointment without the aid of the Sen
ate, then he might also exercise the power of re-
moval, The aigument in favor of such executive
powers rested on their convenience for getting nd
of an unfaithful officer But granting the incon-
venience of not having the removing power, still
inconvenience alone could not confer power Such
were mere arguments of convenience and construc-
tion
There had been another proposition thrown out
in the course of the debate, that was, whether
executive power was subject to constraint, or not,
by law > He believed it might be For if it was
absolute, ór beyond the control of law, then nothing
could be done respecting it, but all knew that
offices could becieated or abolished by Congress,
at its pleasure Even the time of the continuation
of an office might be fixed The power exercised
by Congress in passing the four years'law, was a
proof of it That law not only limited the term
of holding office, but actually took away commis-
sions which had been signed by the President and
sanctioned by the Senate If Congress had power
to make that law, they had power to repeal it, and
place still further restraints But he considered
the proposition before the Senate rather as a bill
to regulate the tenure of office, than to restrain
the power of the Executive
When Mi   Webster concluded,
Mr WRIGHT lose and spoke at length in
opposition to the bill, and was fol owed by Mr
WHITE in support of it.
The amendment submitted by Mi Cm on
Satuiday was then agreed to
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill,
Mr WEBSTER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and are as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bibb, Black, Calhoun, Clay,
Ewing, Goldsborough, Kent, King of Georgia,
Leigh,Linn,McKean,Mangum, Moore, Naudain,
Pomdexter, Prentiss, Preston, Silsbee, Smith,
Southard, Swift, Tomluison, Tyler, Waggaman,
Webster, White—26
NAYS—Messis Brown, Buchanan, Grundy,
Hendncks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Knight,
Morris, Robinson, Rugg'es, Shepley,Tallmadge,
Tipton, Wright—15
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and then
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, Februaiy 16, 1835
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Me-sis EVANS, KAVANAGH, and SMITH,
of Maine
[Vli   Smith presented a copy of the proceed
ings of a publ c meeting, holden in the city of Port
land, on the 10th instant, foi the purpose of taking
into consideration the expediency of one or more
breakwaters in the haiborof that city     Mr S
remarked, that the meeting is íepresented as having
been  composed of the merJian's, ship owners,
and  master-,, at that port   and their resolutions
declare the necessity of an expenditure for the pro
tection of then hnrbor and pioperty     I perceive
(savd he) that the Mayor of the city, who is a dis-
tinguished and experienced merchant, presided at
the meeting     The subject, sir, l- ons of vital im
portance to the property of Portland, and, m fact,
to the commercial mteiests of the State of Maine
The work has been strongly recommended as of
great utility, after a careful survey, by an  engi
neer of the Government    An appropriation tor it
has aiso been reported by a committee of this
House, during the piesent session of Congiess
Under this state of the matter, it will be unneces
sary to refer the proceedings now presented to a
committee, but I ask that they may be printed for
J the information of the House.   The printing was
ordered accordingly ]
Mr PIERCE, of New Hampshire,
Mr PHILLIPS, of Massachusetts,
[Mr Phillips presented the memorial of 3,600
ladies residing in Massachusetts, in favor of the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
which was laid on the table ]
Messrs   BURGES and PEARCE, of Rhode
Island,
™?^ TDAY' CAMBRELENG, HARD, and
DICKSON, of New York,
Mr DICKSON presented the memorial of sun-
dry citizens of Rochester, in the State of New-
York, praying Congress to take the proper meas-
ures for abolishing slavery within the District of
Columbia, which he moved be laid on the table
and printed, together with the names attached to
the same
Mr BOON asked for a division of the motion.
The question was first put on printing the me-
morial without the signatures, and agreed to
After the decision was pronounced by the Chair,
some doubt was expressed by Mr WISE whether
a majority had voted in the affirmative, and it was
.suggested that the question was not understood by
the House
The SPEAKER rose again to propound the
question
Mr McKENNAN objected, on the ground that
the decision had already been announced.
Mr WISE said he did not vote on the question,
and he desired to be informed by the Chair,
whether it was competent for him to move a re-
consideration of the vote upon printing the memo-
rial '
The SPEAKER said it was
Mr WISE then moved a reconsideration of the
vote
Mr HIESTER asked that the memorial be read,
which was done
Mr DICKSON said he would not enter into the
merits of the question, but as a motion to recon-
sider had been made, he would only remark, that
the memorial was signed by the Mayor and many
of the most respectable citizens of Rochester, be-
longing to both of thetwo gieat parties which now
agitated the country
Mr CH1NN said that he hoped the motion to
reconsider would prevail He saw nothing which,
distinguished this memorial from any other upon
the subject Although it was signed, as the gen-
tleman from New York had stated to the House,
by the Mayor of Rochester and other distinguished
persons, he could not perceive that this fact en-
titled it to a consideration different from that
which was given to others It presents no new
argument, it states no fact but what was con-
tained in others, and the grievances which it re-
cites are common to all which have been offered
here It was unnecessary for him to assert that
these gnevances were in the main unfounded If
this memorial were printed, why not print all
which had been offered' There was no difference
between them, if there were, it was not such as to
entitle this to unusual consideration He did not
wish to discuss this question, he did not know that
he ever would discuss it Ihe whole mischief,
perhaps, consisted in discussion This had been,
and still was, his opinion, and he had always acted
in confoimity with it He hoped the motion
would prevail, and that the same disposition would
be made of this as of the many others which had
been piesented
Mr BOULDIN said that he had not supposed
he would vote for the printing of this memoria!
until he heard it read But after having heard it
read, he should vote foi printing it, not because
he appioved of the presenting of it, or of the object
of it, nor that he dissented from the general prop-
ositions about liberty and slavery in it, but be-
cause he wished his constituents to know what
feelings were entertained by their northern breth-
ren (some of them) of slavery and slaveholders,
and the means of abolishing slavery
He said he was unwilling to draw any compar-
isons between the country that he had the honor
in part to represent, and anv other portion of the
Union, but every remark about slavery, and slave-
holders, and slave markets, made in that memo-
rial, in relation to this District, applied equally to
252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the habits, customs, and legal rights of the people
of all the South He wished tnem to see wnat
those opinions and feelings were, and therefoie,
and for that only, he should vote for printing the
memorial
Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana, hoped that the
motion to reconsider would prevail, and that the
memorial would be la.d on the table He repu-
diated the inteifeienee of the northern with the
rights and property of the people of the southern
States Whenever the North should succeed in
procurmglegislation by Congress in regard to these
rights and this species of propel ty, that moment
the Unnn would be dissolved
Mr BOON said,as he had asked for a division
of the question, and belonged to a non slavehold
mg State, it was perhaps proper that he should
say a word or two There was no person more
opposed to slavery than himself, but while he was
opposed to the principle, he was also opposed to
interfering with those rights to property, winch
were guarantied to thecitizens of particular States
and districts by the Constitution of the United
States It would be recollected that this question,
when the subject of the admission of Mibsoun
into the Union was before the House, had come
very near dividing the Union He thought the
same course which had been adopted by the gen-
tleman from Mabsachusetts, [Mr Phillips,] in
presenting a sirnilai memorial this morning, which
was to move that it be laid on the table, was Ihe
proper one, and that this memonai should be dis-
posed of in a similar manner
Mr FILLMORE said, as it was understood that
the Committee on the District of Columbia would
not act upon this sub]ect at the present session, it
was cei tamly due to the petitioners that the motion
which had been made by his colleague [Mr Dick-
son] should prevail It was not umeasonable
that the memorial should be printed and preserved
among the documents of the House He dis
avowed most unequivocally, now and forever, any
desire on his part to interfere with the rights, or
what was termed the property, of the citizens of
other States While he did this, he conceived
that, as a citizen of the State of New York, and
a member of this Hoube, he was interested in the
claim to property in man, within the District of
Columbia He referred to the effect which was
produced in the North by the adveitisements in
the papers of this city, connected with the pui-
chase and transportation of slaves The people
of that section of the country believed slavery to
be improper, and that it should not be toleiated
This was a gieat national question There was
nothing in the memorial which should prevent its
being printed and placed on the files of the House
foi future íeferenoe Whenever petitions should
be presented here from the slaveholdmg States,
of a different tenor, and which might advocate
the establishment or continuance of slave markets
in the District and city, if they  ould satisfy the
people of other sections that this was proper, he
would treat their petitions with respect He was
willing that each party should be fully heard, and
that each bhould have the privilege of spreading
their views before the people generally
Mr McKINLEY regretted that this discussion
had sprung up He thought it manifested more
7eal than prudence He inquired if the printing
was intended to enlighten the House or the coun-
try' It was admitted on all hands that no action
was to take place upon this subject at this session
That being the case, what object would be attained
by printing this memorial' He considered it one
of the most imprudent memorials which had ever
been read in this House It was a fire brand from
one of the noithern States, which had been thrown
into this House, and he was, for one, opposed to
giving it any publicity He denied that this
House had the right to lay their hands upon his
property, let him live where he might There
was no disrespect intended to the memorialists
by íefusmg to print their memorial It had been
received by the House, and that, he contended,
was suffirient Nothing more ougnt to be ex-
pected He cared not whe her it had come from
a mayor of a ci'y or the Piesident of the United
States     He should oppose the motion to print
Mr  PARKER was at a loss (he said) to pel
eive how the mere reading and punting of ti e
memorial could produce unpleasant feelings in
that House or in the nation at large, nor was it,
in his opinion, calcjlated to throw a fire-brand
into the slaveholdmg States It appeared to him
to be more like a respectful address to the House,
calling upon them to exercibe the undoubted pnv
lieges conferred upon it by the Constitution of
legislating for the District of Columbia, in lemov-
ing what the petitionerb cons dered a great and
existing grievance, and if it wa& intended ui wished
to prevent any debate it could be easily obviated
by withdrawing the question of reconsideration
What was the state ot the subject, what hud been
done heretofoie, and how did the matter then
stand' A poition of the people of this country
considering the evil a national one—as one that
ought not to be tolerated by a fiee people—íe-
spectfully ask that House to take measures to
redress the eiils Petitions of this nature have
been refeired to the committee intrusted with the
management of the a ff lira of the Distnct, not only
the present session, but the last and several pie-
cedmg sessions Now, the prayer of the petition
was either right 01 wrong, and then reasons either
forcible and conclusive or otherwise Let, then,
the Committee on the District of Cdumbia mike
a lepoit, and tell us what they think ought to be
done, and give us their reasons, so that the House
might judge of the question Mi P was not
prejudiced one way or the othei, but he thought
an answer to the piayer of the petition should be
given, for it was neither unlawful nor unrighteous
The argument of his honoiable fuend fiom Ala-
bama [Mr McKinley] that Congress hod no ngnt
to interfere, Mi P could not assent to so leadily
Let that gentleman, who was fully competent to
give his reasons, give his reasons on this subject
For himself, in accordance with the wishes and
opinions of his constituents and the persons pre
senting this memorial, he should feel it his bounden
duty to vote to put their petition upon the files of
the House, and he should continue 10 uige it with
all the zeal of which he was capable, at the same
time with all due consideration to the feelings,
prejudices, interests, and rights of otheio, and
which they were entitled to require at his hands
This he should do until the Committee on the
District of Columbia, or some other select com-
mittee of the House, answered the question, and
told us, at the same time giving their reabons,
whether Congress had a right to legislate on this
subject or not, and until the House had concuired
m that decision
Mi DICKSON then withdrew that pait of the
motion proposing to punt the names of the sub-
scribes to the memorial
Mr CLAY said He was even more opposed
to the printing of the memorial itself than he was
to printing the names appended to it, which he
legatded as a mattei of little consequenceeompared
with the other He was decidedly opposed to the
publication of such a document In spite of all
the fair professions heard there upon the subject
as to any non interterence with the rights, inter-
ests, and property of the southern States, or any
other prooeity of this kind, gentlemen must be
forgetful of the domestic policy and everything
else concerning the peace and tranquillity of those
States, when they ask for the printing and publi-
cation of a document like the one under considera
tion Are these gentlemen ignorant that the print-
ing and pubhsning of documents of this kind in
almost all the southern States are prohibited under
high and heavy penalties' and would they com-
pel, or at least sanction, the publication of docu-
ments by Congress, fordoing which, if a southein
tribunal could lay then hands upon a printer doing
the same on his individual i espons bility, he would
be treated and punished as a culpnt' Do they
call this non interference with the rights of prop
erty where slavery prevailed ' Gentlemen might
disclaim any intention of interfering with this sub
ject, but when he heard such diso'aimers as those
made by the gentleman from New York, covered
by so thin a veil as he had employed, Mr C
could not yield his assent to them Ihegen'leman
told us that this was a subject he had no intention
of interfering with, whileat fVsameUmehecal'ed
it a gieat national question, ard consequently one
that ought to be aguated in tnat House Was it
not a subjecta sd Si wh ch S3L*hernpe -'«should
decidedly protest' And was it not one calculated
to excite the most direful calamities in that] onion
of the Union whence Mr C and many of nis
friends came'
Mr C had no lies tation in giving an unqthfied
contradiction to tne supposition that it was the
wish of the intelligent and enlightened cnizens of
the northern and middle Stales to agnate this ques-
tion It was confined to a few fanatics urged and
guided by theGamsons, theTappans, and others,
their wire workers,who had recently attracted pub
he attentio i, and whose obj°ct was wall known
He did not, he could not, bung himself to believe
that it was the wish of the great mass of the
population of the New England or Middle Sta'ea
to bung on this matter Weie we to be to'd,
because a hardful of mnatics, who were readv to
light the torch of disaffection and civil discoid
through the country, were moving on this subject
that it was mattei connected with Ihe natiop_l
prosperity, 01 that it was a battel of right to that
description of individuals, to discuss and agitate
the subject m that House' The gentleman fro n
New Jersey [Mr Paukek] called upon the com
mittee for the District of Coljmbia to report on
the subject, m ordei that it mig it Le discussed nrd
investigated Why that was the very couu>e of
proceeding calculated to produce the evils con
templated, evils of such a character as no good
citizen in any part of this wide spiead and exten
sive Union ought for a moment todesire Mr O
would inquire, how came it that tiatwas a matter
of such concern to those mdivik.1.?Js' Did it
interfere with their domestic policy, their domestic
lights, their liberty, their prooeity, 01 their secui
Hy, in any point of view' He was at a loss to
]]erceive how it cou'd Why was it, then, that
those peisons sought to interfere with the domestic
policy of others' It could not be denied, that this
was a matter of domestic right and policy, an J on
what grounds, then, could they find tnemselves
wananted 01 justified in interfeiing to give direc
tion to that policy' It was a matter that con-
cerned not them, either individually, 01 as a com
munity Until the com nittee foi the Distuct of
Columbia, or some other committee, should repoi t,
the gentleman from New Jersey tells us he should
hold himself ready and willing to receive and print
all memorials on the subject But had the people
of the District called upon Congress to leg slate
on the subject' They had not and why shou'd
Congress be called upon by others to give a new
direction to the domestic policy of others, with-
out consent fust obtained' That doctrine was
contrary to any expressed wish of theirs The e
petitioners might, with equal piopnety, memornl-
lze the Legislature of Vngmia, or the Legislatute
of any other State, and call upon them, in the
name of national honor, to reverse their policy,
and abolish trie laws authorizing the holding of
property of this kind
Mr C , in conclusion, said, for his own part,
after the admission, which seemed to have been
made on all hands, that this was a matter belong *
mg to the people holding this pecahar species of
property, and after the disclaimer that had been
made of non interference, and in the absence of
any petition from the inhabitants of the Dist-ictof
Columbia, and without any call on the partof any
of the States where propel ty of this kind existed,
he did think that these gentlemen ought rot to
press this subject, in aryform wnatever, upon the
consideration of the House
Mr C P WHITE moved to lay the motion to
reconsider, and the memorial itself, on the table
On a question from Mr WISE, some conver-
sation aioseon the pointwhether, if themotion to
lay on the table prevailed, the motion to print,
which had been announced by the Chair as
adopted, would be consdeied and recorded as
adopted' Mr WISE, Mr J Q. ADAMS, and
Mr BRIGGS, participated therein
The CHAIR said it was a matter not entirely
belongirg to him, but as the question had been
put to him, he should say that the C'erk of the
House could not order the memorial to be printed,
inasmuch as there would be, if the motion to lie
on the table prevailed, a motion pending *o re-
consider the vote to print tne memorial The
motion to lie on the table prevail ng would not
finally dibpose of ti e mattei, because the House
>36.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
nn"ht call it up, on doing which, the question
wo'u'd recur on the motion to reconsider.
Mr DICKSON asked for the yeas and nays;
winch weie ordered.
Mr OUOLSON appealed to the gentleman
from New York [Mr White] to withdraw his
motion, for the people of the South were very
anxious to know the feeling of the House upon
the subject, and he hoped to see it expressed by a
direct vote
Mr C. P. WHITE said, though he was at all '
times very glad to accommodate the gentleman, ¡
yet, in this particular, he must be excused.             j
The conversation on the poinf of order and the
Speaker's decision was resumed, and after a few
minutes spent thereon—
Mr. C. P. WHITE said, to meet the views of
the gentleman  from  Virginia, he withdrew the
motion to lay the subject on the table, and moved s
the previous question.                           _                     '
The second to the previous question and the
main question were both agreed to without a
division                                                                          !
The question then recurred on reconsidering the
motion to print the memorial, on which the yeas
and nays had been ordered, and it was decided as
follows—yeas 123, nays 81.
So the House determined to reconsider their
vote
Mr. WISE said: Although I have my feelings,
my prejudices, my passions, and my fixed prin-
ciples and deteimmation, as a southern man, en
this subject, yet I hope I can discuss it without
excitement 1 rise not, sir, to throw, as some
otiifrs have thrown, a fire brand amongst us. I
n«e simply to state to my constituents and the
conn'ry at large the true stale of feeling, and of
the dse as it exists here, in the North,and in the
Suuih                                                                             I
I trust I am well assured that the Representa- '
tu es on this fbor from the North do not wish or
uesigito interfere with om rights. That they
merely feel pound in their representative duty to
present these memorials, so dangerous m their ten-
dency and mceiidituy in their character, from
íe^pect to afetb, a very Jew only, comparatively,
of their constituents, and that they do not act from
their own imputes.                                              _      |
S.i, on this delicate and vitally important subject
the moderate, corsidaate, and patriotic men of
the South, is well as of the North, have enemies
to contend with In tne North we haveafewmis-
gmdeu fanatics, whose 7ea! prompts them to íush I
li'indly li to the most absurd extremes, and in the
Suul.'.l ¡f.'.i soir> to say it, there are not wanting
those who bei¿e uponeveiy pietext toinflaire the
piu ic ir.nJ on the subject of slavery. In thisdeli-
ca e -.fiat'on what should ue tne course of the
f km Jt, of the country and our institutions' Why,
sir, the ti lends oí goo 1 orde-, of the Constitution,
and o  tKe evs'ence of mis Re ,uü!ic, in this House
or ou' of it, in the North or in the South, must
u-e 'I en n il .ence to modélate and quench these
s. il is of not!, exnemet, of fanaticism and of dis-
0"~'. iiti n. When memoii ds of the character
of*,l ib no* ack-d to be printed, aie presented, it
is re-"ecul enoigh.I should think, to the memo-
iiahs-. to )«<■!<• thdii; if/iii/iiti/ they wil! beeir-
c ,'tUj t >>ou"l.out the country, to fan tne fiw.es
of the z-m'i ¡> op O' e s.de, and to serve as food for
;>k dp-  <-m.ZMs on the other. We, who would
be <uVdi>.i itcnie in the Ue-smgow enow enjoy,
v., , tl e>ef >re, mii i1 er -hete memoiiais on their
f.i't p " e.iMtion I cm willing, su, to treat all
mem ■ ab, no nutter hou e\ Tua^ant orprcpoi-
teio'is, or of what ch.-racler, wi h iespe<t, pro-
Ml.u ;hci aieuomareipectibieliodyofcitzens,
de. -i.m.s, ami not dangerous 11 theirtendenc.es
Bi ', s,r, ! cannot tolerue, much ¡ess give conse-
qiM   l and e. ha to memoimisami palitmnswhl h
....., utne veiv Mruht ops ct tne social com-
p. i, «i. 1 om ci'vil institutions I wi 1 not hear
them, I d-sire not to see them, and would i«¡ect
the int once W.th whit sort of icspect, 1 put it
to the at- ,'fnian from the we-tein pail of New
York, j Mi Fu i moi.1 ,] could he tren an mceinli-
ary v no shou.d re«peitfullj ask h,m to peirnit
h.m to apolj a torch to hr dce'i.ng- \> ouUI
he le'iid l.un as a sooer minded neighbor oi
, as,, hernia fien1' Sir. I wa «orry to
■it'etnan ot
j New York.     He says that the people of the
North are continually shocked by advertisements
j of slave-dealers in the papers of this District.
i 1 am sorry, sir, that their nerves are so delicate,
i when their fathers did more than any other peo-
I pie of the colonies to establish slavery amongst us.
i And I appeal to southern gentlemen for the truth
| of the remarkable fact that the emigrants from the
| North to the South, some from the gentleman's
j own district, perhaps, are as ready to become
masters as any who are hereditary masters.    To
' strengthen their nerves and change their whole
! principles and opinions on the subject, they have
but to change their climes, their havens.   And if
! they choose to remain at home, they may cease
1 to take these odious papéis.    If slavery was
abolished in the District 1 know not what would
íestrain the press still from publishing advertise-
ments.    And if the papéis here cease to publibh
for runaways and purchasers of slaves, still the
gentlemanf would have to cease taking the papers
,i of the South, or to silence them too.   Sir, slavery
I  is interwoven with our very political existence, is
li guarantied by our Constitution, and its conse-
I  quences must be borne with by our northern
'  brethern as resulting from our system of gov-
ernment; and they cannot attack the institution
|  of slavery without attacking the institutions of the
I country, our safety, and welfare.   The gentleman
says he will ever respect the property of the States,
but he claims to legislate away the property of this
Distiicl.    Sir, a slave is as much propelty here as
m Virginia; property by the law and the Consti-
tution.    And, in addition  to the remark of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. McKimlet,] that
you will not surely take private piopertij without
just compensation—and that you cannot compen-
sate without taking in part of the taxes of the
South to pay for slaves, I will repeat the idea, that,
although you have exclusive jurisdiction over this
" ten miles square," yet it is common ground for J
the good of the whole, and for the use of the whole
people of every State in the Union.   And I would i
ask'of the gentleman, if he can come upon this
ground with Ins carriage andhoises, why cannot '
1 come with my ¿laves to remain here, to live here j
as long as I please'    Sir, I say it not in passion, I
but calmly and dispassionately, that Congress has I
no right to abolish slavery even here, against the j
consent of the slaveholders, who are not repre- i
sented; and I wain gentlemen, that the South—I
speak for ««as strongly as one man can speak for I
many, for millions—that the South will fight to the
hilt against the abolition of slavery in this District, '
unless the inhabitants owning slaves themselves
petuion for it, as they would against any inter-
ference with the right of slave property m Vir-
ginia.                                                           .
The gentleman calls this a great " national ques-
tion." I piotest, sir, against its being so con-
sidered. The nation has nothing to do with slave
property It is smnply a delicate question of prí-
valemdnidiml right, wholly and solely under the
control of the States where slaveiy exists. It is a
usened State nght, with which the General Gov-
ernment has no rghl of interftience even, and from
Ptermeddhng with which the fiee States and their
'      '—  abstain.
The
risen again but for a remark made by his friend
and colleague, [Mr. Wise.] His colleague had
said that he was not for sending a firebrand in the
South; but for this part of his colleague's remarks
he would not have risen to say another word. Mr.
B. said far be it from him to cast, orbethemeana
of casting, a firebrand in the South or the North,
or anywhere. But he had said he would vote to
print merely that the South might know what was
going on. He would put it to his colleague, if
presenting such memorials as this was not, as his
colleague had said, like putting a torch toa man's
bouse, and if a proposition not to print was not
like putting a torch to his colleague's house pri-
vately, and on detection, asking him to keep it a
secret.
Mr. WISE explained, and said he had no allu-
sion to him, and that he was among the last men
he would charge with throwing a firebrand.
Mr. BOULDIN said he wa3 sure of that; but
did not know that every one would be equally so.
Mr. ARCHER then rose and asked leave to
make a suggestion to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would answer to that
suggestion of his colleague immediately. He
wished only to say a word or two.
Mr. B. said far be it from him, and very far
had it been from him, to throw any firebrands, or
make any offensive comparisons between his and
any other part of the Union. But the memorial
did. It alluded to habits, and customs, and legal
rights common to this District, and of the States of
the South, in the most disparaging terms. Mr.
B. had refused, and did then refuse, to make any
compauson of the principles, habits, or laws of
the South and North and East.
He said the South had their infirmities, their
weaknesses, and their misfortunes; and perhaps
the one alluded to was the greatest misfortune to
which the people of the South were liable to.
But had gentlemen no misfortunes, no infirmities,
in the body-politic among them ' Suppose he were
to go into their country, and inquire into every-
thing, and see what they had and could not well
get rid of. But he would not. He had no idea
of being reduced to the necessity of answering
and defending every infirmity and misfortune in-
cident to our nature, or cower under the charge.
Let them that were without, fault cast the first
stone.                                                                  ,
He would, before sitting down, say one thing.
He had seen in the testimony taken before the
House of Commons, in England, proof that a
man end his wife had literally starved for want of
the work to which they were brought up in making
ne ro cotton. He knew that many negroes had
d-ed from exposure to weather for the want of
that negro cotton*—clad in a flimsy fabric, that
will turn neither wind nor water, substituted by
northern and eastern people, who present these
memorials, or from whose region they are pre-
sented, which substitute sold under protecting
duties for the profit of perhaps four pence half-
penny in the yard. So the poor Englishman is
starved, and the poor slave perishes in the cold
foi this profit. It appears, then, that after all
their piteous ditties, sung and said, their philan-
inhabitants  should  ^   fcrr¡ d ¿^     "h      ; does not am0Unt to six and a quarter cents
pseudo-philanthropists of the Is orthdo™aeezi    'a™PJ      k             ,  clothing.    Having said thus
Lei,  own. object,, when _they redely atwrnpt^to    ajjard ^"V^^ h¡| colleag       and ,est
it should be thought by any one that he wished
'11  r,
sunn
ol the ¡emaiks Horn the
touch or handle a sulject which does not imme-
diate'.y concern them, and true Christians and
philanthropists will always find their principles ,
and the cii.se of humamty best subset ved by
bem-* the fnauh rf slaveholder, instead of be ng
the ft.tnds of-law, and by cooperating with mtel-
uwnt, humane, enlightened, and patriotic slave-
owPe.s of the South, by ways and means which
the lHits of the age havealready shown. If vio-
lence^ intiusion upon our rights be peisisted in
and Puisued, eentlemen will fi-id Union men and
rulhhers of the South oil united on the subiect-
i„dy, .i,>* fo. revolution, it the worst must come ^
to the worst'                                                 ,    , „
I hope, sir, that this Kcuse will «"* ***-'e
South mo.e by the piinU.g <•/ '*«: ™™"" '^
the constituent, of the gei.tieman t.-om New lo.k
wcie eve, shocked by .lave adulUseful , and that
u and all others like it, will now, ana for all time
tocóme, be smothered and sunpre
Mr    BOULDIN   said   he
Eseti
'should
have
to throw a firebrand anywhere, he would, at the
sugestión of Ins friend and colleague, [Mr.
Abcheh.1 with a view to get clear of the whole
matter, and lay it on the table, yield to him the
floor to make that motion.
Jir ARCHER said he considered it almost as
indiscreet in gentlemen from the South or slave-
ho'dnig States to discuss this question, as it was
for the Representatives from the North to intro-
duce it He would add nothing to this remark,
but moved to lay the whole sub,ect on the.table
The question was taken on laying the motion
on the table by yeas a.-d nays and decided in
■  eaffiimative—yeas 139, nays fed.
Peüüons and memoiiais weie fo.ther presented
b5\Iessis P. C. TOLLER and WARDWELL,
°f m:IsYBANKS, GALBRA1TH, HARPER,
254                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________February 16,
BINNEY, STEWART, and DENNY, of Penn-
sylvania;
[Mr Dt-NNY presented the memorial from the
delegates to a convention assembled at Pittsburg
on the 3d of February, 1835, m favor of the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, and praying Con-
gress to make an appropiiution for completing the
western section of the canal, which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr D also presented two memorials, one from
the ladies of Alleghany and vicinity, the other
from inhabitants of Pittsburg and vicinity, relative
to the abolition of slavery in the Distnctof Co-
lumbia, and the Ten i'ories under the control of
Congress     Laid on the table ]
Messrs STODDERT and CARMICHAEL,
oí Maryland,
Messrs ALLEN, WISE, and CHINN, of
Virginia,
Mr CLAYTON, of Georgia;
Messrs POPE, MARSHALL, apd LYON, of
Kentucky,
[Mr. PorE presented resolutions adopted by the
Legislatuie of Kentucky, asking Congress to
purchase the private stock in the Lou'sville and
Poitland canal, in ordei that it should be made a
free highway
Mr Marshall presented resolutions of the
Kentucky Legislature, asking Congress to estab-
lish a national armory in said State
Mr Lyon presented íesolutions of the Legis'a-
ture of Kentucky, asking Congress to establish a
military school in said State
The foregoing resolutions weie severally laid
on the table and ordeied to be printed ]
Messrs BLAIR and INGE, of Tennessee,
[Mr. Ingl presented the petition of Fanny
Blackmore, praying compensation furservices pei-
formed by her dunng the Indian war ]
Messis WHITTLESEY .VINTON, VANCE,
CRANE, and HAMER, of Ohio,
[Mr. Hamlr presented petitions of citizens of
Adams, Biown, and Highland counties, Ohio,
praying for an alteration of the mail route from
Bainbridge to Maysville ]
Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Messrs LANE, McCARTY, and CARR, of
Indiana,
[Mr. Lane piesented the memoual of Captain
John Crandon, of Dearborn county, Indiana,
praying to be placed upon the roll as an invalid
pensioner
Mi Carii presented the petition of Joshua
Kennedy, ot the city of Mobile, Alabama, pray-
ing the confirmation of a land claim
Also, the petition of Thomas G Newbold, of
Mobile, Alabama, attorney in fact for the heirs of
Lewis Durette, deceased, praying the confirmation
of land claims
Also, the petition of Ehenej (Stephen) La
Lande, of the county of Mobile, Alabama, pray-
ing the confirmation of aland claim, which, on
his motion, were referred to the Committee on
Pnvate Land Claims
Also, the petition of John Carney, of Indiana,
a soldier of the Revolution, which, on his motion,
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions ]
Mr PLUMMER, of Mississmpi,
Messrs  MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois,
[Mr May piesented the petition of Samuel
Coztird, praying that a pension be allowed him in
consequence of suffenngs and injuries received
whilst in captivity among the Shawnee tribe of
Indians, which, on his motion, was refeaed to
the Committee on Revolutionaiy Pensions
Mi Reynolds piesented the memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Illinois, piay-
mg, for ceitain reasons therein contained, an ex-
tension of the rational road westwaid, to cross
the Mississippi at Alton, and not at St Louis
The memoual fotatts that to cross the Missis-
sippi at Alton, would be in accoidunce with the
ultimate destination of said road to the capital of
the State of Missouu 1 his route would be more
advantageous to the commercial and agiicultural
interest of Illinois than any other, and would also
afford to Illinois and her sister States a more direct
and convenient chain of intercommunication than
any other route. That for the national road to ci oss
the river at St Louis, in Missouri, " would not
' only be highly detrimental to the prospeuty of this
'State, (Illinois,) but in violation of her just preten-
1 sions,-and of her ngnts of so\ ereignty, contrary to
' the avowed policy of the General Government, and
' in open defiance of those princ pies of even handed
'justice and impartiality which have characterized
'her dealings with other States in lelation to this
'subject "
On this statement of facts, and the reasoning
thereon, the memorial gives to the United States
the "consent" of the State to extend the road
thiough the terntoiy of the State, so as to cioss
the river at Alton
Mr R added one other fact to what is stated in
the memorial, that Alton, by the late act of the
Legislature of the State, and the vote thereon, is
to be the seat of Government, after the constitu
tional pencd expnes, which requires the seat of
Government to oe at Vandalia ]
Mr CLAY, oí Alabama,
[Mr Clay presented the memorial of the Legis
lature oe that State, asking further relief for that
class of the purchaseis of public lands who paid
for their lands without the benefit of the i eduction
of puces allowed by the acts of 1830 and 1831
Refeired to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Ml C also presented the petition of Abraham
Woodall, asking to be ieheved.from a mistake
made in the entiy oí a tract of lard Referred to
the same committee
Mr C also piesented the petition of Upe yo-
ho-lo, asking to be allowed hiscla.m to a reserva-
tion under the late treaty with the Cieek nation.
Refeired to the «ame committee ]
Mr  LYON, of Michigan,
Mi. WUIIE, of Florida,
Mr. H   EVERET T, of Vermont, and
Mr SEVIER, of Arkinsas
Which peutionsand memorials were appiopn-
ately disposed of
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr  CRANE,
Resolved, Tha* the Committee on Commerce be
mstiucted to inquiie into the expediency of estab-
lishing buoys in the mouth of the Maumee rivei,
and m Maumee bay
On motion of Mr  GARLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into Ihe expediency of
making an appropriation for the purpose ol hold-
ing a tieaty ol convention with the Caddo In-
dians, for the extinguishment of a title set up by
them to a certain extent of tprritory m the north-
western pait ot the State of Louisiana, and the
southwestern pirt of Arkansas
On motion of Mr KINNARD,
Resolved, Th it the Committee on Claims be in-
struí ted to lnqjue into the expediency of allowing
to Wiiliam Harmon, of Mauon county, Indiana,
compensition for a hoise lost by him in the nidi
taiy seivue of the United States during the late
wai with Gieat Bntain.
On motion of Mi  FELDER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be lustiucted to inquire into
the expediency of so changing the post loute from
Columbia to Barnwell Court-House, as to run
from Gordon's Mills, by Dencey Coibitt's, on
Goodland Swamp, and by Danvis's Mills to Barn-
well Couit House
Mr CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following tesolu-
Uon, which was íejected
Revolved, That Saturday, the 21st instant, from
and t.ftei the hour of twelve, be set apart loi the
consideration of bills reponed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia
On motion of Mr  BURD,
Resohed, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims inquire into the expediency of granting a
patent to Mrs Margaret Kingsbury, ot Bedford,
Pennsylvania, widow and relict of Ouver H Kings-
bury, a soldier of the late war, who fell in battle
on the northein trontiei, such quantity of land as
said Oliver was entitled to under his enlistment
On motion of Mr  HATHAWAY,
Resolved, That the Committee en the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to mquue into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Cort-
landt village, in the county of Cortlandt, State of
New York, to the town of Marathon, in said
county
On motion of Mr. WILSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authoi izing the Secretary of the Treasury
to transfer the stock of the United States m the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company to such
States, corporations, or individuals.as shall secure
to the boaid of direc'ors by subscription of stock
or otherwise a sum sufficient to complete the
canal to the coal mines near Cumberland
Mi HA WES asked the consent of the House
to submit a lesolution making the reports made
by tne committee appointed to examine the Post
Office Department the special order for Monday,
the 23d instant
It was objected to
Mr PARKER asked the consent of the House
to submit ceitain amendments which he intended
tS offer to tne bill in i elation to the lateral branch
of the Baltimoie and Ohio railroad to the city of
Washington, which he desued to have printed.
The motion was objected to
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr ANTHONY, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs,repotted a bi'l for theiehef ofSylvts-
ter Day, wmch waf read twice and committed
Mi CONNOR, from the Cimmittee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, lepoi ted an amend-
ment to the bill to establish ceitain post routes,
and to alter ^nd discontinue others, which was
oidered to be printed Mr C gave notice that
he should, on Wednesday next, move the House
to proceed to the coi sideration of the foregoing
bill
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Nancy Haggart, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr McKENNAN, from the Committee on the
District ot Columbia, reported a bill to extend the
charters of the Bank of Washington, the Patriotic
Bank of Washington, and the Farmeis' and Me-
chanics' Bank of Geoigetown, which was lead
twice and committed.
Mr JARViS.fiom the Committee on the Pub-
lic Buildings, repotted a bill making appropri-
ations foi the public buildings and grounds, which
was read twice and committed
Unfavorable repoits upon various petitions,&c ,
weiemade by Messrs MclNTIRD, JOHNSON,
of Kentucky, CRANE, and GRENNELL, from
then íespecuve committees.
Mr WISE, from a select committee, reported
a joint resolution, proposing to purchase one
diousind copies of the wiitings of General Wash-
ington, edited by Jared Spaiks, which was read
twice
Mi SMITH, of Maine, hoped the House would
now dispose of this lesolution The piesent Con-
gress, at its last session, had already voted for the
expendituic of about $140 000 for books designed
foi the use of membeis alone. For one of these
works he had himself voted m a preliminary stage;
and if there was a vote upon the records of the
Hou^e of his which he would wish to blot out, it
was that. The work was doubtless one of value;
and he would be glad to see it placed in the hands
of e\ ery individual in the country But he could
no longer agiee to sanction the practice of filling
the shelves of their own libraries by the appropri-
ation of the public funds He moved to lay the
resolution on tne table but withdrew the motion
at the request of Mr Wise, who promised to
renew it
Mr "W ISE hoped the House would not so cava-
lierly dispose of the resolution. He explained its
object, and the reasons of the committee m in-
troducing it In conclusion, (he said,) m fulfil-
ment of the engagement he was under with the
gentleman from Maine, he would íenew his mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table, but hoped
the House would not agree to it
Mr VANDERPOEL demanded the yeas and
nays on this question, and while he was up, he
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
would ask ii this was not the same work for which
the House had aheaJy subscribed a large sum5
Mi   Wl'iL replied briefly, and
Mr J ti ADAMs rose, but the question not
being debatable, it was taken I y yeas and rays,
end decided in the aiuimauve—yeas 141, nays 48
Iso the resolution was la d on the table
Mr JARVls.from the Committee on the Pub
he Buildings, reported a resolution directing the
bionze statue of jcflerson to be lemoved from the
Rotundo of the Capitol until some disposition
should be made of the same by Congress
Mr MERCER moved to strike out all after the
word " Rotundo, ' in the íesoluiion
fne question on this motion was taken, when
there appeared—yeas 74, nays 3G There being
no quoium voang, a di-msson ensued, in which
Messrs JARAIS, MERCER, and ADAMS, of
Massachusetts, took part Before the question
was tinal y taken,
Mr POLK called for the order? of the day, and
the motion prevailed—ayts 79, noes 47
EXECUTIVE   COMMUNICATIONS.          %
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
lowing communications , which wereappropnately
disposed of
A letter from the Serretary of War, m answer
to a resolution of the House, in relation to the
tiansportation of arms from Harper's Ferry, Pitts
burg,&c , to different points
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, in response to a resolution of the House, in
regard to the use of cotton canvas m the Navy
of the United S ates
COMPENSATION   TO   THE  DISTRICT ATTOR-
NEY OF SOUTH  CAROLIÍ  A.
A bill granting additional compensation to the
district attorney for the district of South Carolina
was read a third time and parsed
BALTIMORE   AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr CH1NN, the regular orders
of the day were postponed, in order to take up
'he bill reported from the Commit'ee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia relating to the Baltimore and
Washington railroad
Mr PARKER opposed tne passage of this bil1
in its present shape at some length, as partakug
of the character of paital legisla'ion Congress
had undoubted authority to legislate for the Dis
'net, 'he whole District, but not to pass an act
which would be partial in its of eration He con-
cluded by i loving a substitute for the bill
Mr CHINN replied, and opposed the amend
me it
Mr   McKlM ca'led for the previous q íestion
¡•or this motion mere apj eared—ayes 71, noes
2V  no quorum voting
Mr PARKER moved to adjourn The motion
was lost without a divi ion
The question s\as then taken on seconding tne
mo inn for the previoi s question, and decided IP
tf e afiirma ivp—ayes 91, noes 32
Ti e mam ques ion was then put, on the en
grossment of the bi'l, and it was oidered to be en-
grossed ai U read a fund time
On motion of Mi WHITE, of Honda, the
House next took up the 4' bill <or ti e comp'etion
of ceitain improvements in the Tennory orFlou-
da ," but belore any ques'ion on this bill was
tiken, it was, on piolion of Mr YV , postponed
tul to morro*
Mr W ti en moved to take up another bill
relating to   he Ienitory of Honda
Mi Mc\E\>i moved that the House do now
ad_, i ir      whii h was agreed to
Tne House then adji urned
INSFNYTE
Tl l si \v , / ebrtiattj 17, l&3o
Petitions  aid   memoim's  were  piesented  by
Messrs   'l\LER,   RliGGLES,  BLACK,  and
BLNIO\,ami le erred
REPORT'S ¡ROM COMMIT TEFS.
Mr TIP 10M, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was refened the bill from the House of
Reí   i  entunes   for the relief of John J   Aveiy,
reponed the same wi hout amendment
Mr POIND! Xlfcii, fiom the Comnu'tee on
Pub it Lands, to which was recommitted the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Tyler, de-
ceased, repoited the same wi'hout amendment
Mi POIN DEX TER, from the same commit-
tee, made unfavorable reports upon the fol'owm 
subjects, which were submitted to it                    °
1 he memorial and resolution of the Legislature
of Louisiana, praying a donation of landfor edu-
cational purposes,
The resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois,
praying for a grant of one hundred and sixty acres
of land to the village of Cahokia,
A memorial from the Legislature of Alabama,
pray ln^relief for certain purchasers of publiclands
Mr POlNDEXTER.from thesamecommittee,
to which was referred the memorial from Mic'n
gan, praying an extension of certain preemption
privileges, reported a bill for the purpose, which
was read the fiist time, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr  PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petitions of Nicholas G'rod, and of the heirs
of Jacques Mi Ion, deceased, the petitions of A
í Foucher, M  V RoberUon, and A C Valcis
Mr TOVILINSON, f-om the Committee on
Pensions,to wh ch was refened the bills from the
House of Representatives, granting pensions to
John Cullms, Amasa A Tifft, Harvey Reynolds,
I and John Casey, reported the same, severally,
without amendment
He also reported the bill from the House, grant
mg a pension to Josiah Wes'Iake, bat with an
expression of opinion by the committee against
its passage, and his intention, when the bill shall
be called up, to move its indefinite po-tponement
Mr MOORE, from tl e Committee on Poohc
Lands, reported a bill concerning preemptions,
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was reierred the
bill to establish a daily mail between Macon,
Georgia, and New Orleans, reponed tne same
without amendment
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolutions were severally sub
muted, considered, and adopted
By Mr  PRENTISS
Resohed, That the resolution passed on the 2d
of Pebiuary instant, requesting the President to
communicate to the Senate the correspondence
between the Governmen' of the United States and
Spain, in the negotia ion of the late treaty between
the two Governments", and the instructions con-
nected therewith, whs intended to be restne'ed,
and is hereby íestncted to the correspondence and
instructions during the official term ot the present
Minister of the United States to Spam
By Mr TIPTON
Itesoliei, That the Seci etary of War bei equested
to communicate to the Sena'e, as early as prac-
ticable, a copy of the survey, plan, aed estimate
of Lieutenart Berrien, for the improvement of the
haibor at the rrouth of St Joseph'c river, m
Michigan Territory
By Mr PORTER
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to írqnre into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the purpose of hold-
ing a treity or convention with the Caddo Indians,
for the extinguishment of a chim set up by them
to a tract of coun ry in the noit'western part of
the State of Louisiana, and the southwestern part
of the Terntoi y of Arkai sas
This resolution lies one day lor consideration
The  resolution  submitted yesterday by Mr
Prestovj, fixing Tl uisday next for the election of
I a printer, came up for conside-ation
!     Mr  BENTON said he had heretofore shown
that the joint resolution of 1610 was the result of
the report ot a committee in that year, and that its
adoption at that tine was designed for a tempo
nry purpose—for one election only     But he sa.d
we had gone en ever since, electing our printer
urder  it     The committee tne  fixed a tariff of
prices, which was to last for two years only, as
was clear from the terms of the resolution     About
f>ui  or tne years ago, a joint resolution  was
pissed, leqiiiimg a nn]onty of the whole nutnbei
1 of votes to be necessai y for a choice, instead of a
1 pluraht) , as belore    bo that we have been hold-
ing elections for printer every two years, when
we had no light to do so, for the purpose of bind-
ing our successors The committee in their re-
poit suggested three modes of having the public
printing executed, one of which was by a na-
tional prmting office, for the pulpóse of executing
the work of Congress when in session, and of
all the other departments of the Government m
the recess The aggregate amount of the printing,
bind ng, and stationery, amounted in the whole
to only $65 000 per annum. This was the sum
total of expenditure for these objects then This
plan of a national pr.ntmg office, it was then
thought, would be the most economical plan
[Here Mr B read passages from the íeport ]
Mi B said he only read these passages for the
purpose of remmdii g Senators what the commit-
tee then repo-ted, and out o' which the illegal and
extraordinary prao ice of electing a printer every
two years had giown
Mr PRESTON1 sa d he would have no objec-
tion, where abuses weie suggested, to go into an
investigation of the facts, and produce a reforma^-
tion He thought some good to the people mighP
grow out of the present s ate of things, while one
part of this House were engaged in the examination
of executive ext-avagance, and the other of eena-
toual extravagance He wished to see a thorough
investigation ana reformation of abuses But that
duty would be very imperfectly performed by
limiting it to an investiga! on of this House or of
either of the two Houses He ventured to say,
that although tl e printing of the two Houses had
increased to the extent stated by the gentleman
from Missouri, yet the executive printing had
increased much more The expense here only
seeps pace wuh usual prodigality elsewhere. The
general expenses of the Government bear an equal
ratio of uieiease to that of printing In looking
into the resolution of 1819 ¡elative to the printing,
the highest proof of its being the best mode of
having it executed is to be found in the fact that
it has been acquiesced in for fourteen years In
1829 the question arose of electing a printer by a
plurality instead of a majority of the -votes, and
that resolution passed for the purpose of requiring
a majority to elect Whatever, therefore, was
the piactice antenoi to that time, the clear terms
of this resolution superseded it The evil of the
system, if it be an evil, can be remedied in no
other way but by a repeal of this joint resolution.
Mi P said he did not consider the printer an
officer of the House He is an agent employed
by the House, under a law of the land, directing
how he is to be employed He hoped the resolu-
tion would be agreed to, it is about the period of
the session when the printer is usually chosen
Mr CLAY said he could not concur exactly
with the honorable member fiom South Carolina
in his objections to the printing expenses of Con-
gress There is some increase, it is true, but the
honorable member should ha\e accompanied hie
remarks with some explanation of the cause of
this mciease of our printing     The true causes
I are the abuses of this Administration He was
not surprised at the friends of the Administration
objecting to an examination of the printing Look
at the Post Office Department, the abuses there
made it necessary to incur the expense of printing
' the th rty thousand copies of the reports on that
subject last yeai, and twenty, and perhaps fifty
thousand this year This is the gieat cause And
the misfortune is, that the increase of printing
cannot keep pace wuh the inciease of abuses If
the Post Office Committee could have penetrated
the secret recesses of that depaitment, instead of
merely breaking the crust, there would have been
a much gi eater increase of printing If the Post-
master General had not kept the key, and pre-
vented anmission. the expense would have been
much greater Look, too, at the public lands
This is the cause of the great increase of punting
expense,and much more should have been printed
Mr C said he got up to remonstiateagainstfixmg
the day <br the election of a prmte"-, and moved
to lay the resolution on the table
Mr PRESTOIN inquired when the gentleman
from Kentueny proposed to call it up
i Mi CLA\ said, to be frank with the honorable
memoer, he was not disposed to act on it at all
| till the House had chosen their printer We are
a small body here, and can ballot at any time
256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 17,
Mr. PRES TON" then gave notice that he would
call u up on Tuesday next.
Mr. BENTON then gave notice that before
that period, he would call up his joint resolution
to repeal the other joint resolutions on the subject
of printing.
Mr. Preston's resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the report of the
committee of 1818-19 upon this subject was or-
dered to be reprinted for the use of the Senate.
BRIG ¿KSPATCH.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the brig
Despatch was read the third time and passed.
FOUR YEARS'   LAW.
The bill to repeal the two first sections of the
act of 1820, commonly called the four years' law,
came up on its final passage, when
Mr BUCHANAN rose and spoke at length
against the principies of the bill.
After Mr. B. concluded,
Mr. CLAY TON said he proposed to saya few
fords on the bill before the ¡Senate. He concurred
ith the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] that it was an important consti-
tutional question. But he would not at that time
enter into a discussion whether it was constitu-
tional or unconstitutional, but whether Congress
had the power to regulate executive power or not.
He wished to see nothing of party feeling in the
discussion. He entered upon the debate entirely
destitute of party politics. If it had been his
design to serve party purposes, he should not,
when his friends, were out of office, and his oppo-
nents in power, advocate  bill which was to con-
tinue in office those who now held places of trust
to the exclusion of his own friends.
He wished to go back to the origin of the prin-
ciples setforth in thebill. In 182Gaspecial commit-
tee of the Senate was appointed, consisting of nine
highly intelligent gentlemen, eight of whom con-
curred in the report, and were of the same political
faith as the present Administration. He believed
they were sincere in the principles they advocated,
antl was willing to give them credit for the correct-
ness of their views. But now there seemed to bean
attempt to give a party character to the bill-. lie
did not think it just for its former friends to cast it
in the teeth of those who now advocated it. It
had been well said, by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that it was discussed in 17S9 by those fresh
from the hall where the Constitution was framed.
The most enlightened of those great men discussed
it on the ground that the right ot removal was
contained in that clause of the Constitution which
says the President shall see all the laws executed;
and on that point they rested their opinions. But
the gieat mass who voted in favor of the construc-
tion then given, he believed grounded their opin-
ions on the expediency and necessity of such
powers being vested in the Executive for the
removal of negligent and unfaithful officers. And
that was the only use they expected would be
made of it. If the power of the Executive was
exerted only to remove such officers, there would
be no abuse; but if it was exercised to remove for
party purposes, it was an abuse never appre-
hended by those who gave such a construction to
the Constitution. Mr. C. contended that the
executive power was circumscribed and limited to
particular clauses of the Constitution; that there
was no.power delegated further than was specially
specified, fie thought that Congress had the
power to legislate on the subject, as the Constitu-
tion gave them power to pass laws to carry into
effect its provisions. The only reason be could
assign why the power of removal had remained
so long in the hands of the President, was that
Congress had neglected to legislate on the subject.
He thought the Senator from Pennsylvania was
mistaken in his apprehension of the bill. It was
not intended to take away the removing power
from the President; but merely to require his
reasons for the act. The Senate ought to know
the grounds on which the removal was made. If
the President should tell the Senate it was on
account of political principles, he, in his place as
a Senator, would vote to reject every nomination
made to fill the place ad infinitum. He would ask
whether they were acting for party effect or aa
Senators of the country ? He regretted that there
should be any attempt to mirotfuce the bill as a
party question, and gentlemen be denounced as
party men. He could find nothing in the present
bill impairing the decision of 1789.
Mr. PREsTON said he had intended to have
taken some part m the debate; at least to examine
some of its most important points. But he then
rose to enter his protest against certain principles
that had been advanced by the Senators from New
York and Pennsylvania, [Mr. Weight and Mr.
Buchanan.] In what he had to say, he should
rather offer his opinions than bring forward argu-
ments. He did not intend to go into the report
at that time, but would refer to the remarks of the
gentleman from New York. He agreed that the
source and origin of executive patronage was to
be found in the acts of Congress. But when
executive power became din^erous, it should find
a restraint in the Irgislation of Congiess. The
nature of pov/er (said Mr. P.) was to augment
itself. The rendency of the Government of the
United States was to encroach on suhjeers which
did not properly belong to it; to tread on the rights
of the States. In these encroachments of Con-
gress, lie believed the executive power was in-
creased more than the legislative.
He was willing lo go to the source and origin,
to Congiess.    lie believed that when examined
into it would be found, the vast, extent of execu-
tive ¡lower  had   necessarily giown up from   the
extravagant  legislation  of Congress, and that if
ihey purified its soutce, m the acts of Congress,
executive  ixiwer vnuld  be  diminished.    Could
any one deny that there was danger to be appre-
hended?    Yet the Senator from New York pro-
pounded the questions one by one, analyzing each
item that went to make up that mighty sum of
executive  power.    The genileman asked  what
was to be reared from the pensioners?  Why, they
incieased the number of those who depended on
the legislation of Coiigres?; and they came within
the influence of executive power.    The very ful-
filling of the laws.gave power and influence to the
Executive.    Our institutions were not in danger
from the pensioners, nor from the navy, >>or army ;
but all these increased the power and ¡nffietiee of
i the Executive.    The report of 1826 was made
when  the Senate was opposed to that Adminis-
, tration; and   what  has  been   the   íesnh?    The
, patronage of the Execuuve had  increased, and
was increasing.   Was it, then, considered a party
.question?    Not  by the  committee.    He  had it
from the honorable gentleman who composed that
committee.    They regal(led   us  increase as dan-
gerous  to the forure prosperity of our country.
He was glad to see those who were then m favor
of the measures now proposed, come up again to
then-support,    lie would retort upon the Senator
fiom   New  York   his  own  question.    Was the
; Navy,  the Aimy, the Post OiFice, dangerous at.
that time?    If they weie dangerous then, what
1 were ihey now ?   He did not make these remarks
i as applying partícula!ly to this Administration;
I but as the íesults of past legitJaiion.    The same
: reasons would apply in 1833 as 1826.   He would
put the question to the opposers or the bid.  Why
did they not concur with the recorded opinions of
the party with which  they acted?    For himself,
he would adhere to the great principles which he
; professed, let who would be in power.
Mr. P. said it was with dismay he had heard
I the Senators from the great States avow doctrines
| which heconsidered asiiifinitelydangerous. What
j were their definitions of executive power? We
i were not to look to Russia, to the Sublime Porte,
! to Austria, France, nor Spain, for a definition of
', executive power. We were not to select models
; from the mouldering monarchies and despotisms
of Europe and Asia, by which to fashion and
Í build up our ires institutions. Neither were we
i to look over the catalogues of British royalty to
find patterns for a President in this country. The
: advocates of independent executive power seemed
| to claim it as the " prerogative" of the President.
i But let them remember, that " prerogative" is a
' term of foreign application; we have no such word
I on this side of the Atlantic. Since his first en-
I trance on public life, he had looked with dismay
I on the claims of Congress to pass all laws they
j thought fit. But all claims would be swallowed
j up in executive power. He did not refer to the
I present Executive, but that branch of CJovern-
1 ment as a distinct corporation.
Mr. P. then went on to state that he did not
consider any powers as belonging to Congress or
the President, unless specified in the Constitution.
Otherwise their enumeration was mere verbiage,
and  useless  repetition.     Though   he   respected
highly the framers and expounders of the Consti-
: union, he felt at liberty to judge for himself on this
I great question.    He thought if we take the printed
I report as a specimen of that debate, it must have
j fallen far short of the intelligence of the present day.
Mr.   P.  then showed   that  Congress  bad  by
i former  enactments regulated, in some measure,
í the power of removal, and consequently that right
¡ now contended for was no innovation of the usages
I of this Government.
!     Mr. CUTHBERT here was understood to sug-
: gest an objection to the bill, that its terms were so
general as to apply to all officers.
At Mr. CALHOUN'S request, who observed
that it applied only to disbursing officers, the bill
was again read.
Mr.~CUTHBERT repeated his opinion that it
applied to all officers.
Mr. WRIGHT then occupied a short time in
replying to Mr. Preston; and after some explan-
atory remarks from ¡VIr. Eivinc, who thought Mr.
Buchanan had misconceived his argument upon
the bill,
The Senate, on motion, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 17, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs. GORHAM, ASHLEY, and
HEATH, and appropriately referred.
Mr. CH1NN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to extend the
charter of the Union Bank of Georgetown; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on "the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a resolution setting
apart Saturday next, from twelve o'clock, for the
consideration of bills reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The CHAIR decided the resolution to be out of
order, inasmuch as a proposition of a similar
tenor was rejected by the House yesterday.
Mr. CORVVIN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the Senate making an appropriation for the
repair of the Cumberland road. The bill was com-
mitted.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Jesse Sykes; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. McKlNLEY inquired of the Chair whether
it would be i i order to move to take up the reso-
lution fixing a day for the election of printer to the
House.
The SPEAKER replied that it would require
two-thirds to take up the resolution.
Mr. McKlNLEY said, that being the case, it
would be useless to submit the motion.
Mr. HARPER, of New Yoiit, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, seported a bill for the relief
of William Sranard and others; which was read
twice and committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, &c ,
were made by Messrs. W A RDWELL, THOM-
SON, FOWLER, WISE, BARRINGER, ASH-
LEY, and 'WATMOUGH, from their respective
committees; which were laid on the table.
STATUE  OF JEFFERSON.
The resolution reported by Mr. JARVIS, for
the removal of the bronze statue of Jefferson, from
the Rotundo, came up as the unfinished business
of the morning hour of yesterday.
Mr. McKlNLEY moved to postpone the reso-
lution until to-morrow, with a view of taking up
the resolution fixing a day for the election of
printer to the House, and demanded the yeas and
nays on his motion.
The SPEAKER said it was not competent for
the gentleman to include the latter proposition in
his motion.
j!     Mr. McKlNLEY said he did not so intend.  He
11 merely wished to notify the House, that if the
'' motion which he had made prevailed, be wbuld
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
then propose to consider the resolution to which .
he had referred.
The House refused to order the yeas and naya
on the motion to postpone                                          j
Tlie question was th°n taken, and the resolution
was postpored—yeas 78, nays G3
Mr ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved to take up
a resolution, reported by the Committee on Ter-
ritories, setting apart a day for the consideration
of bills reported from said committee.
It was objected to
Mr McKINLEY again moved to take up the
resolution fixing a day for the election of printer.
He thought it should be disposed of. If the House
was opposed to the resolution, or to the election
of a printer, their determination should be made
known.
The SPEAKER, said the motion was not in
order, the reoolution reported by the Committee
of Elections, proposing to pay Mr. Letcher his
per diem and mileage during the last session,
hav mg precedence
Mr McKlNLEY moved to postpone this res-
olution until to-morrow, which was disagreed to—
yeas 74, nays 81
The resolution was then taken up
when neither was permitted to take a seat. He un-
derstood the usage of the House to be that a gen-
tleman contesting the right of a sitting member to
his seat, was paid mileage to meet the expense of
travelling to the seat of Government to assert an
imporlant constitutional right. This rule was
founded in a desire to protect the right of suffrage,
and to enable one otherwise without adequate
means, to assert his rights It was stated by the
committee at the last session that Mr Letcher
was entitled to the certificate of election from the
sheriffs. If he had received it, the case would have
been but that which always before occurred, of
one sitting and another contesting his right to the
seat, and Mr. Letcher's right to his pay would
have been undoubted The House did not permit
him to take his seat, but resolved that, "it being
impracticable to determine with any certainty,
who is the rightful member, there should be a new
election," that election has been held, and Mr
Letcher is elected. He would pay Mr. Moore
mileage, but he could not give him more.
Mr BEARDSLEY was in favor of paying each
of the gentlemen their mileage, for the reasons
which had been assigned by the gentleman from
i Virginia, [Mr Masont ]   Beyond this he would
Tne Question being on the amendment offered i  not go.   As to Mr. Moore, as neither the House
X Iic-M                              f                     _     _____,,*       tv*--------       „~„ *Ua  *m.~ !o haA   AaniAaA   that   h/> W«fi pnlltlefl    tO
yesterday by Mr Hardin, to pay Mr. Moore
the same amount which was proposed to be paid
to Mr  Letcher,                                                            i
Mr VANDERPOELsaid.ashewasamember j,
of the Committee of Elections last year, and was
still connected with that committee, he would take '
the opportunity of saying a word about the res-j
oluuon and amendment under consideration.    It t
would be recollected that the committee had re- n
ported that Mr. Moore was duly elected, but had ¡
also reported that both gentlemen ought to be  ,
paid     The House decided that the,, question as to |
who was the elected member was a matter of so j
much doubt that it could not satisfactorily decide
it,and accordingly referred it to the people. This
tribunal had  decided in favor of Mr. Letcher,
and the committee could not,therefore, reasonably,
at least so far as it regarded Mr. Letcher, recede
from the ground it had taken last session     If the
House was then under obligation to pay either
party, that obligation was not discharged by any-
lluri" that had since transpired     To be sure, Mr  i
Letcner bad said, at the conclusion of the speech (
which he had made at the bar of the House, that f
without his seat he would not receive his pay, but
this did not absolve the House fiom its liability,
if it ever existed                     .
Mr V said he would vote for the amendment
offered by the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr
Hardiv,] which proposed to pay Mr Moore, but
should that be rejecved, he would still vote to pay
Mr Letcher. i'he committee had proposed to
pay both, because they conceived Mr. Moore to
be the certificated member, and because both the
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mason ]
The people had decided the matter refeired to
them. In conclusion, he hoped the resolution
would be adopted. He should also be in favor of
paying Mr. Moore his mileage. He thought he
wasjustly entitled to jt,and it had been the usual
practice heretofore to allow mileage to unsuccess-
ful claimants to seats upon this floor.
Mr. BURGES said the committee who investi-
gated this subject at the last session, decided in
favor of Mr Moore, and the House determined
that they could not decide either way, and sent
the gentlemen back to the people. He contended
that these contested elections should be ínvesti-
gated%t the expense of the Government It was
proper to encourage the purification of elections.
No person should be admitted to his seat where
there was any doubt as to his light. He would
pay a man who came here to contest an election.
If this was not done, great advantage would be
given to a nch individual, who might come in
conflict with a poor man, who was unable to
undergo the expense of asserting what he^mighfc
conceive to be his rights It was upon this
principle that he voted to pay Mr Letcher; and
upon the same principle he would vote to pay
Mr Moore
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said that as
both of the gentlemen were brought and kept
here by the operation of law, he could not for his
life see any difference between the two. He felt
it to be his duty to vote for the original proposi-
tion, and he should also vote for the amendment,
as he could not make a distinction between the
parties
Mr. CLAY said it would be recollected that
there was much unprofitaDle discussion at the last
session in relation to this contested election. It
seems that the same thing was again likely to take
place His purpose was to submit a motion,
which would bring the debate to a close, previous
to which he would make a remark or two. He
agreed wuh the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Masun,] that the question as to which of the
gentlemen was entitled to the seat, was in effect
referred to the people. They had determined that
question Could we with propriety cavil at their
decision> As he remarked on a former occasion,
he was m favor of paying Mi Moore as much as
the practice of the House would sanction. What
that should be he knew not. He thought that
the subject should be referred to a committee,
that the precedents might be examined, who
could report a resolution, allowing Mr. Moore
what might be found to be right and proper. He
was in favor of doing ample justice to Mr. Moore.
The present   resolution  ought   to   be  adopted.
nor the people had decided that he was entitled to
the seat, it was improper to pay him his per diem
In relation to the other gentleman, [Mr. Letcher,]
the House having declared that it could not decide
who was entitled to the seat, had ordered a new
election, and the question was referred back to the
people, not as was supposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] by way of appeal, or to
decide the question which was before the House,
but that they might choose a representative, with-
out reference to the former election, or the contest
which had grown out of it. Mr Letcher had
been chosen. It had been said that this was the
first instance in which it was proposed to give full
nay to both the individuals claiming a seat in the
House. If this principle was established, there
might be three or four competitors, and instead of
paying the usual sum of eight dolíais per day, we
should have to pay sixteen, twenty-four, or thirty
two dollars per day. He repeated, in conclusion,
that he should not object to paying each oi the
gentlemen their mileage, but no more
Mr JONES, of Geoigia, said this was a pecu-
liar case Oidmarily, in contested elections, one of
the parties was admitted to the seat in the first in-
stance, and if he was displaced, he was entitled to
full pay up to the time of the decision. The suc-
cessful claimant, in such case, was also paid from
the commencement of the session.   In the present
r.í^"™.ír¿7=^"3 :*=£ss;>:.- ■'""'" * '*"<*",,,y
here, by the course adopted by the House, he
thought that each should be paid the usual per
diem, and mileage     He entered into a history of
of the last session, in relation to
be tne certmcateu meiiiu«, a..u —^-— -    ;  ,          ,    n'0(.eedmo- of the   ast session, in relation to
genJemen had been detained hereunder tho rder        ^¿q    &nd m conc,USIon dec,ared
of the House    The claim of Mr J-*<*" cer      fan   mtentlon t0 vote for the amendment and the
tainly was not weakened by a decision in his tavor     nis  a    
by the tribunal (the people) to which the case     res¿luU£^NE     ^  a contegted election was the
was  referred      Still, he would, for the reasons   1     Mr MC*£                                        and nQt the
before stated, and in accordance with what the     vounta.y acto    he p ^   J     ^ Hqu
committee had  recommended last year.vote to     act ot tne «ot ^ ^           ^ ^^ had been
*...,.       .,     -nu— n« ..irQi! nt >in satisfactory
pay both     This  was a very peculiar case, and     "™"4Pb^eV" f hey arrived at no satisfactory
'   "    """........"'"                       conclusion, and thequestion was referred back to
would not probably very soon occur again
While, therefore, he should,on a proper occasion,
be willing to examine the claim of Mr Moore in
a spirit of liberality, he felt constrained to move
the previous question.
The motion was not seconded.
Mr POLK called for the orders of the day-
yeas 93, nays 64.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States, which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims:
To the Iloxm of Representatives of the United States:
would prefer having the cases or claims of eacn    eon             ,     ^ ^^    They h d declded m                     ^ ^ ^ Houge of Represe„tauves, for
gentleman brought before the House in theflaPe    "' £    'f M     Letcher    He believed it was not               consideration, a petition to the Congress of
of disunct propositions, that one might not
barrass the other   but, as the amendment was                                          clr,.u„lora„„., „- -----
proposed, he would vote for it and repeated that,    üemen     t ¿                 ^       d]em_    He would
it rejected, he would vote for the original resolu-    vote to pay                              ^ ^ mM do WIth
oroper"foi'the House to give full pay to both gen-    [hf¡ üm[ed States> from Adelaide Giasse de Gro
K       *              rr    J..   .U-     ,-n,imotolirP'!.   lie   COUIU    nOt                                            ~       "                                                 '"
tlernen     Under the circumstance'?,
Mr LETCHER said he did not rise by any
mean, to argue the question before the House
That he did not intend to do, but his object was
to place himselr itctus t  cmia He hid, at tne
Inst session, disclaimed taking the proffered com-
pensation, u-übout the «at, but he had never said
that he wo ,ld take no pay if he got the seat «id
now hav.ns obtained it, through trials and tribuía
tions, the quesuon was a very different one irom
what it «.as at the list session . , ,, „ .,, „..
Mr M \SON, of Virginia, said that hecouldI not
vote for the amendment proposed by the gen tie
man from Kentucky Us effect was to gue tothe
two gentlemen pay as members of this House
during the nrst session of the present Confess,
vote to pay I
re!Mra EVANS entered into a his'ory of thepro-
ceedings, at the last session, connected with the
cont ested election, and contended that it would  I
be a bad precedent to give full pay to the unsuc-
cessful claimant to a seat m the Hous.e.                   n
M    CLAYTON, after adverting to the action I
of the House at the last session, contended that it
was not proper for the House to pocket the money
or retain it'in the Treasmy which of right^be-1
longed to a member from Kentucky    The House
had determined, at the l^t sesston, to «Amu the
question of fact as to which of the gentlemen |
were entitled to a seat, to a jury of the people.
The question had been very properly stated by 1
champs, one of the surviving daughters of the
Count de Grasse, together with the letters which
Translations of these are also
ANDREW JACKSON.
1835.
accompanied
sent
Washin'gtom, 16£fe Fehuaiy,
Mr WATWOUGH moved to postpone all the
previous orders of the day, for the purpose of
taking up the bill to regulate the pay of the Navy.
Mr POLK demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and were—yeas 110, nays 103
So the motion pi evaded.
iNAVY PAY BILL.
The House then took up the bill to regulate the
pay of the Navy of the United States
P The question pending was on  the following
amendment, offered by Mr Pope
<• That the bill, with its amendments, be sub-
258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
mitted  to the Committee of the While on the j
1 stateof the Union, with instructions to amend ihe
'same by staking out from thethuty second to the
< thir'y-nmtli hue, inclunve, and n sertmg in lieu
' theieof—
"When commanding a squadron on foieign
' service, three thousand five hundred dollars
" When commanding a single ship, or in any
'other seivice, three ihousard dolíais
" When on leave, or waiting orders, two thou-
'sand dollars "
"Ard by striking out the remainder of the bill
'from the commencement of the one hundred and
'ninety fifth line, beginning with the word ' m-
' eluding ' "                                                     *
Mr POPE expressed a hope that the House
would at once act upon the bill, without further
discussion.
Mi. WATMOUGH said he had hoped that
the bill, as modified, and since presented by him
to the House, in which the vauous amendments
had beenm part imbodied, would have met with
•general concurrence , and he aKo hoped the House
would come to a decision at once
Mr. POPE said he could not accept the modifi-
cations proposed, but must insist on his amend-
ment.
Mr WISE was opposed to that part of the
amendment to recommit, with ínstiuotions, and
would rather vote against the whole bill
Mr HARDIN was of the same opinion
Mr .WATMOUGH wished to know if it was
necessaiy that the bill should go again into Com-
mittee of the Whole
The CHAIR replied m the affhmative
Mr. GRENNELL remaiked, that inasmuch ns
the bill was now stripped of all its objectionable
featuies, and would produce a great saving to the
country, almost $100 000 a year, he had hoped no
objections would have been urged
Mr FILLMORE askfd for a division of the
question
Mr BEAUMONT moved to lay the motion to
recommit, &c , on the table
Mr GRENNELL asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered
X'he question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 75, nays 132
The question then leournng on recommitting
the bill,
Mi. POPE proposed to modify his mstiuctions
to the committee, so as to except, in the proposi-
tion to stuke out, that part allowing ten cents per
mile when under travelling orders, and proposing
also to raise the pay of Captains on foreign sei-
vice to J4 000
Mr GILLET said the new bill, subsequently
printed, would conflict with the above amend-
ments. If the bill went into (omnittee with the
instructions proposed, their hands would be so
tied up that they would be unable to make ti e
bill as perlect as was desired lie hoped the bill
would be recommitted with instructions.
Mr   HARDIN aKo expiessed the same wish
Mr GILLET then ofleied the following amend-
ment to the bill •
"Stuke out from line 191 to the end of the bill,
and inset t the following • '1 hat no allowance shall
hereafter be mode to any officer, or peison em-
ployed in the naval seivice of the United Slates,
foi «rawing bills, for receiving or disbuismg
money, oi transacting any business for the Gov ei n-
ment of the United States, noi shall he be allowed
servants, or pay foi seivants, or clothing or ra-
tions foi them, or pay for the same, nor shall any
allowance be made to him for rent of quarters, oi
m pav rent for furniture, or for lights or fuel, oi
tor tiavellmg expenses oi transporting baggage,
nor shall any such officer or person be allowed
.o transport, oi aid in transporting, for pay, any
specie or property for any peison ]t is hereby
sxpressly declared that the yeaily allowance pro-
vided in this act is all the pay, compensation, and
illowance that shall be received underany circum-
stances whatever, by any such officer or person "
Mr POPE agreed to accept it as a modification
to his instructions
Some conversation ensued on the subject of this
amendment, conflicting with the other, between
the CHAIR, Messrs JONES, GILLET, and
WATMOUGH, and Mi POPE expressed a
wish to withdiaw his acceptance
The question was then taken on lecommitting
the bill,and agieed to
The question was then taken on recommitting
the bill with mstiuctions     Negativtd
The House then, on motion of Mr WAT-
MOUGH, resolved itself into a Committee of the
Wnole on the stateof the Union, (Mr Bbiggsio
the chair )
Mr POPE then proposed his amendment as
modified.
Mr. WISE proposed to amend the same by
fixing the pay of captains in foreign seivice at
$4,000, when on other duty, $3,500, when off
duty, $2,500
Mr WISE made a few remarks in favor of his
amendment, contending that by the amendment
offered by Mr POPE, there was no increase
whatever m the pay of the naval officers Mr
W. hoped his own woula be adopted as the
smallest possible increase that could leasonably
be adopted
Mi  JONES said a few words in reply
Mi FOSTER said, if much time was con-
sumed in committee, the bill would be lost in the
House
Mi   BATES opposed the original amendment
Mi GRENNELL said that nine hundred and
fifty out of eveiy thousand officers were satisfied
with the amendment as offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky
Mr WATMOUGFI hoped the whole ground
was not to be gone over again.
Mr MASON, of Vnginia, hoped the amend-
ment of his colleague would be adopted in lieu of
the gentleman's fiom Kentucky, because by the
latter an officei who had been thirty five yeais in
the service, would receive only five hundred
dolíais more than one who had only served five
years.
After a few further remarks from Mr C P.
WHITE and Mr JONES, the question on the
amendment was taken—ayes 68, noes 24 No
quorum voting
Mr HARPER made a few observations in
favor of the increased pay
Mr. MANN .said if the amendment of the gen-
tleman fiom Vnginiashould be rejected, he would,
as an act of justice to that meritorious class of
persons embraced in the bill, renew the proposi-
tion heretofore offered by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mi   Jakvis ]
The question was again taken on Mr Wise's
amendment, when there appeared—ayes 72, noes
40
Still no quorum voting, tellers were demanded,
and, on the division, there were—ayes 79, noes
4G
So the emendment was agieed to
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, which was agreed to without a di-
vision
Mr POPE moved to insert an amendment in
relation to the mileage of officers when travelling
under orders.
Mr GILLET heie moved his amendment, as
printed nbove
Mr G  explained that his object was to confine
officers in all respects to then salanes     An idea
had  been advanced, on a former occasion, by a
gentleman fiom Rhode Island, [Mr PEARCEJ,thit
1 officers ought to  receive an extia allowance for
the tran-portation of specie, which Mr G thought
very objectionable
]     The CHAIRdecided this amendmentnotto be
| in order at that time
The question was then taken on Mr Pope's
amendment, and there appeared—ayes 85, noes
16
No quorum voting, it was taken again by tellers,
and theie were—ayes>85, noes 35
So the amendment was adopted
I Mr. .TARVIS then called the attention of the
I committee to the following provision for suigeons
i of the Navy, "and when appointed to peiform
the duties of surgeon general, his pay shall be in-
I creased thiee fourths "
Mr J moved to strike out this provision, be-
cause there was in fact no such officer as that
of surgeon general known m the service, and an
appiopriation bill was not the place for creating
such an office
Mr.   WATMOUGH explained.   The service
had suffered greatly for the want of a su geon
general, and he hoped the provibion would not be
stricken out
The question was taken, and theie appeared—
ayes 60, noes 55
Mr JARVIS withdrew his motion, whereupon
Mr. MANN, of New York, renewed it, and the
amendment was agreed to—ayes 95, noes not
counted
Mi WISE moved that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House
Mi GILLET then renewed I113 amendment.
Negatived—ayes 61, noes 69.
Mi JACKSON, of Massachusetts, then moved
to amend the clause for the piovision for officers
on furlough, entitling them to receive two-thirds of
the pay to which they would have been entitled if
on leave of absence, by striking out " two thuds,"
and inserting " one-half "   Agreed to
Mr GILLET moved to stuke out the following
clause "Officers tempoianly performing duties
belonging to those of a higher giade, shall receive
the compensation allowed to such higher grade
while actually so employed "
Mr C P WHITE opposed the motion
Mr. MANN, of New York, was in favor of the
motion The officers 111 our seivice should re-
ceive a pay corresponding to their rank, and no
more.
Mr BURGES opposed the amendment
Mr. JONES remarked, that the provision, as it
stood, would go to pay two officers for peiform-
ing the same duty, and he hoped the amendment
would be adopted
Mr CLAY said, to him it mattered not what
might be the grade of an officer, if he performed
the duty of a higher grade than his own, he ought
to be paid accordingly. If a lieutenant performed
the duty of a commander, he was equitably enti-
tled to a commander's pay, for the time he was so
employed
The question was then taken on the amendment
—ayes 34, noes 82, no quorum. It was again
taken by tellers, when there appealed—ayes 8,
noes 96     Still no quorum voting.
The CHAIR ascertained that there was a quo-
rum in the House, and the amendment vvas then
negatived, without a division
Mr JARVIS then moved to amend the follow-
ing provision of the bill by striking out "Lieu-
tenants commanding, §1,800, on other duty,
¿.1,500, waning orders, $ 1,200, "and inserting in
lieu thereof the following "Lieutenants com-
manding on duty ove  ten years' seivice, $1,500;
undei ten years' service, and on duty, $1,200,
waiting orders, $1,000." Negatived without a
division
Mr JARVIS then moved to amend the fo'low-
mg clause: " Passed midshipmen on duty, $750,
waiting orders, $600," by mseiungm lieu of those
sums, respectively, $600 for the former, and $500
for the latter    Negatived without a division
On motion of Mr WARD, the committee then
rose and reported the bill, with the amendments,
to the House
Mr JONES then moved to amend the two
clauses relatina to the pay of captains, and asked
for the yeas and nays, not ordered—ayes 28, noes
129
The amendment was then negatived without a
division
The other amendments agreed to in committee
weie then concurred in by the House
Mr GILLET then proposed the amendment to
the House which he had submitted in Committee
of the Whole, in relation to allowances • Mr G
urged its adoption on the principle that it vvas best
to allow officers a fixed salary than subject them
to the eontn genries of mduect and extra allowance,
and asked for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered
Mr McKIM opposed the amendment, and
asked how could the merchants call upon and ex-
pect captains of ships of-war to bung home specie
from South America, unless they were paid foi it,
and in case of war, how could its safety be ensured
by any other conveyance.
Mr GILLET said his amendment was not con-
fined to the allowance incident to the transporta-
tion of specie alone
Mr McKIM still thought the amendment ob-
jectionable, as that was one of the most important
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
silkies of fanspirts'io'i.    It was allowed in the |
13 iti^h  navy, and he believed in other countries
Mr  BURGE° a! o o¡ posed the amendment.
Mi tJ YRDÍ.N made some observations on the
nature oí the tciwes ixf ected of our naval offi
cers connecte I with o trimcrual transactions, and
alluded to allowances which had been rm.de by
Sen e aries of ihe iNav j under former Administra-
dor j
Mr ADAMS, of Massachusetts, made some
expanatoiy remarks on the practices which had
obtained m the Goitnraenl un this subject, and
refeued  ls0 l0 lue prm uce" of tile Bntish Gov-
ernment It was aim >st a dispensable that specie
should a' t mes be conveyed m prmed vessels.
Mi MANN piotecl to amend ihe amendment
of Ml Gi li-r, by piohibiung ihe captains 01 the
Navy fi jiii curving specie ard other property
fie slid he thought the presentsy tern productive
of íross ahumes Mr M t-bo made sundry r.-fer
enees to the system of allowing eytra ration ,and
allowances in trie aimy, and he hoped tne House
would take the prestnt oppoi tur uy of cutting them
off from the Navy
Mi G1LLEF wis understood to accept the
modifi' "'ion of ms colleague
Mr VINTON said, as ihe amendment prohib-
ited officers from havng any servants, he wished
to know if the clause was intended to prohibit
them fiorn employing servants at their own ex
Mr WATMOUGH moved a substitute to the
amei dineiit bv u/seitmg in lieu thrreo' a provn
ion lhat no allowance shjuld hereafter be made
foi (irawirg bills or rect-ivirg or disbui=irg mon
eys bekn '¿tug to ti e Government of the United
Stt'e1-, lira 'or clothing nor rations, &,r , w'n h
was nega ived
Mr PARKERasked fora division of theques
ttononthfoi gu al arnendinen , but it was decided
not to be in order
Mr JON ESinnelan amendment to theamend
mem, anil said he wished to make the officers of
the Navv accountable to the deptitme it for what
tt ey íeceited, otnerwise they might cnarge what
they pleaded
Mr M K.IM briefly opposed ihe ani'ndpiei t
It had Ions been tlie practice of the Navy to can y
money, at d f they were to receive nothing for it,
how c< uld they be exoec ed to undertake so
troub!e"ome ai d resnons ble a duty '
Mr JONES sail it u> a disgrace to our neval
service that ne < ffkfissmiuUl be allowed to rereiv e
pay roi sunt labor Mr J then asked for tne
\,e->H i< d na' , which weie i ot ordered, and the
amei di ieat wis negatived vv. i out a division
\li 1 ¡LLMORLproposel'oat.endtheamend-
r nt bj leavinsr in tl e b I oi e rmoii D r day for
of   ers on serv c     A' reed to—it es 93, noes 43
Mi C I' V, nlTfc, moved fuithei to amend
tie  siine  1>   s riking out tie  word*, "persons
einj   >\el
Mi LV\ ALL moved to amend the amendment
liv a c' ui e , ohioitii " -ny o'heer or o her per-on
Fi| ovui in the nav I service fiorn tikng his
v He i aiiv ¡em e member of ins family on board
his Miin o. sea, iml n'ked for the yeas ai d nays,
w li   h were in t oideied
\!r [ s'dtlia the p lly occasion on whKh out
Pi" h id bien insulted wild lTpunuy arose from a
hdv h in  -rl '"  on li I'd
Vi ^ ¡ I i Lr expound that tie facts of the
<- s  i, tti rt I t « < re not understood There had
leen no court d iiquuy oil the subject the
r pun i veiy bitve and meiito'ious cheer,
1 iv nS died ol \eiiow lever on his íeturn to
bnv lnnih                                                           ,
Mr T U. \D\MS opposed the amendment,
fiid nut in i,iprue. simoon tie ul ject Intime
.,<■ „• theie w is b tic Pi bit ihtv ot i case occur
ri, -, an ¡even H H did, le (lid not believe .hat a
cm i.ki won' I i e use 10 ifsent an insult be-
cause In wife was on nom I Ihe case men-
tioned i v ihe gentleman Irom \ iiffima might have
In  | ened, but one swallow  did not make a sum-
"Wr   WISI   unniked that the mov.s.on might
be  ,,,...   fim^li,  tut it Hd  better be left to
01 Mr" "l 0-> I LR istved if the amendment v is in
oidei
The CHAIR said, in his opinion, it was not,
perhaps, ertirely in order, but as the House had
chosen to entertain it, the Chair had not inter-
posed
Mr LOYALL explained thathehad no intention
of easting any reflection uppn a high and gallant
officer in alluding to the case he had, but had
merely adverted to it as going to show the neces-
sity or such a provision as that he had proposed
He was convirced the piactice was abad one.
Mr  BtFRD made a few remarks in favor of the |
amendment
Mr TURRILL moved that the Houseaujourn.
Negatived
I he ques ion was then taken on Mr Lot^ll's
amendment, and it was negatived—aye-, 60, noes
100
fhe question was then taken on Mr Gillet's
amendment, and carried without a division             |
Mr J \RViS trien moved the amendments pro-
posed by h ii in Committee of the Whole, which .
were i jected
l'he question then recurring on ordering the bill
to be en^osserj,                                                           j
Mi MARD1S asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
Mr PARKS moved an adjournment Nega-
t.v'f1—ayes 74, noes 103.
fhe question was then taken, and decided as
follows—yeas 102, nays 82
S:> the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a i
thud readirg
On motion of Mr  WISE,
1 he House aüjourned
IN SENATE
VVfdn'fsday, February 18, 1835
The CHAIR, communicated a letter fi  m the I
Post Office Depaitment, made in obedience to a
resolu'ion of tne Senate, reqj.nng a statement of
the debts ot the depaitment, which, on motion of
Mr GRUNDY, was referíed to the Post Office
Comuu'tee, and ordered to be punted
The CH AIR also laid before the Senate a letter
fiorn the Wai Depanmert, with a communication
lelative to me disbursements of money, goods, or
effects, m the tiade and intercourse with the
Indians, which, on mo ion of Mr WHITE, was
referred to the Coirimit.ee on Indian Affairs, and
oidtred to be printed
On motion of Mr CLAYTON, the Judiciary
Committee were discharged fiom the further con-
sideration of the petition of Samuel H Thompson,
and tne petition of James M E'ford, and of the
sureties of Archibald H   Snced
On motion of Mr EWING, the Committee on
Finance wao discharge from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Jorin Sarchett
Mr LEIGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
cie'ry, made in unfavoiable íepoit upon the peti
non of the hens of S las Elliot, deceased, and the
committee were dis^haiged therefiom
Mr TOML1NSON, from tlie Committee on
Pension--, to which was referred the bill  from
the House of Repies-ntat.ves gianting pensions
to Isaac Janvier and John Dal, reported tne same,
severally, without amendment
On motion of Mr SHCPLEY, tne Committee
on Cairns was diaoaiged from the further con-
sideration of tl e petitions of Sy'vester Day, Abia-
ham Morrill, Noah Blown, and others
Mr BCN10N,bv the instructions of the Mill-
tan  Comniltee, made the following repoit
Í hi Committee on Military Affairs, which has
had the subject undei consideration, report that it
is expedient to increase thear propnations hereto-
fore made for the national defence, and that m
addition to the sums now contained m the bill for
fortifications, and m addition to the two sums of
«,100 000  each, neretofoie recommended by this
íonmmee to be marled m the said bill for fortín
canons end tl e nmament tnereof, the lurthei sum
net ded to be inserted therein^
and   constructio
*ne necessary
ment tl eieof     And the committee have di
their cheiiman  to  move an amendment accoid
nigh,at the propel time
puation bi'l
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the bill from  the
House of Representatives granting a pension to
William   Siocum,   reported   the   same   without
amendment, but with an expression of opinion by
the committee against its passage.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved,That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause a survey to be made of a road from the
"Maumee bay through the northern counties of
Indiana, to, or near the rapids of Illinois river,
and thence to the Mississippi river, to some point
between Rock Island and (iuincy.
By Mr. KENT.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit to the Senate any informa-
tion he may possess in relation to the obstructions
in the navigation of the Potomac between Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in this District.
By Mr  HENDRICKS-
R solved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
allowing to Mr Marshall, Indian agem, the amount
of certain abstracts, herewith submitted, for ex-
penditures in the Indian service.
Agreed to
Mr  BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resohed, That the íesolution adopted by the
Senate on the 28th  day of March, in  the year
1834, in  the  following  words.  "Resolved, That
the  Hiesident, in ihe late executive p¡oceedtngs  ttt
relation to the public  revenue, has assumed upon
himself authority and  power   vot  conferred by the
Constitution and laus, but in delogation of both,"
be, and  the same is hereby, ordered to be ex-
punged from the Journals of the Senate, because
the said resolution is illegal and unjust, of evil
example, indefinite and vague, expiessmg a crim-
inal chaige without specification, and was lrregu-
larlyand unconstitutionally adopted bytheSenate,
in subversion of the rights of defence, which
belong to accused and impeachable officers; and
at a time  and  under   circumstances to involve
peculiar injury to the political r ghtsand pecuniary
interests ot the people of the United States.
The resolution havng been read,
Mr  POI1N DEXTER rose and said he doubted
I whether it wasmordei to offer such a proposition;
j and, therefore, he ob]ected to the reception of the
í motion of the honorable Senator    TheConstitu-
I tion of tie United States (said Mr. P ) makes it
I the du'y of each House of Congress to keep a
Journal of its proceedings      Each House may
1 incorporate with its Journals an unconstitutional
act, or Congress may pass an ur constitutional
law , but it does not follow that the matter which
I is a part of the hit/ory of the session should not
be on the Journals     To omit to place it on the
Journals would be a violation of its constitutional
I duty     The Journal is only a history of the pro-
l ceedmgs  of  this  body—there   is   no  principle
involved m it      How are we to fulfil our consti-
1 tutional obligations, if, after we repent of having
1 done an ac', we allow a proceeding to expunge it 
I The amendment of a Journal roust be made on
I the day when it is read     Is it in order to expunge
anv part of the Journal of the Senate during the
administration of John Adams or Thomas Jef-
ferson !    Ifitbe.Mr   P. said he could find enough
I  there that he would be willing to expunge     The
motion to amend, then, must be made on the day
the Journal is lead, or it is out of order to move
it afteiwards,  and he insisted it should not be
lece.ved     If the hororable gentleman from Mis-
souri tl inks the resolution complained of is wrong
in principle, let him introduce a countervail.ng
resolution, and then the Senate can take it into
consideration, and if there be an error m it, they
can correct it     Mr  P. said he objected to do that
win. h the C. institution forbids—to do that which,
if we hud not done it, would have been a violation
of the Constitution of the United States      With-
out oftenng an opinion about the resolution, or
■    Constitution justifies or
of §500,000 be recommet ueu w ^ "  ;"'■""•'- whether it is such as the Constitution justifies or
fo/the .epaii, completion and < n^««'on. ° wh.<££ "    u d cons,(lered a record of it,
fortifications, and to provide -nepessary arma^  I not,^ ^ ^ cied,table t0 tile Lody or not, to be
■ to
the fortification appro-
a constitutional duty                                               .
Mr   BROWN said it appeared to him, with,
great deference to the honorable gentleman fiom
260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mississippi, that the lemarks he nad just made,
sod the course he had indica'ed as the most xppio
Dnate one to be pursued in tins case, were not
ex.t emely regular If the pioposuion (said he)
contains matter derogatory to the dignity of
this body, and mdecoious in itself, then it may
with propriety be airested in its incipient state
But it is not said that this resolution is indecorous
or derogatory to the Senate The honoiabie gen-
tleman says it is unconstitutional to alter a Jour-
nal But is it not most ma.ufest that the gentleman
anticipates the decision of the case, which would
be much moie piopei at another timef The exact
question to be decided is, whether the lesolution
is constitu tonal or not But there is another
question intimately connected with this matter
which mey well audiess itself to the consideration
of the ¡Senate Several of the State Legislatures
have pas„ed íesolutions expiessive of their opin-
ions upon the very point to which this proposition
distinctly app'ies, and wilt the Sei ate, represent
mg the soveieignties of the several Spates, refuse
Jo listen to this pioposuion expressed by the regu-
lar constitutional oigan of the States' If it be so,
howevei honorable gentlemen may profess to rev-
erence State lights, certim it is that such a course
is much better calculated to bring contempt upon
the rights of the States than any other course that
could be pursued Yes, sn, the case is presented
of the Senate's lefusiig to eriteuain a proposition |
upon which the States themselves have expressed
it solemn and deliberate opinion If tins doctrine
be tiue, the 'estimate consequence is that ail
legislation must be ot fled Whenever an impoit-
antqueoLion ispiesemed which involves a question
ofcoiisiuutiomlity—and the eaie many which are
(supposed to do so at the thieshold—the honoiabie
gentleman mi ¿In use in his place md move that it
be notcOnsidued The practice is caLulited to
suppress inquiry, and ought not to be admitted
¡suppose an aibitruiy majority of the Senate should
leiuse to enteitam a pioposition which was upon
its face manifestly prope , but which did not ex
aetly quadiate with then own notions, would
the Senate suppress or deny inquiry by refusing
to receive it' It was so clearly inadmissible that
I e could not assent to the honorable gentleman's
motion
Mi   I CKrll expressed a wish that the gentle-
man from Mississippi would withdiawhis motion
not to leceive the pioposuion     For it must be
evident to every gentleman that the debate must
come up upon his motion,if it was notwithdrawn
Mi     POlNDLXTCIl   here  inieiposed      lie
beDged to put a queition to the honoiabie gentle
man ft ora Viigima     Suppose,  alter  a  bill had
pissed the Senate, and I ad been sent to the cthei
House, a  piop>sitiou wer    made to consider it,
would the cons deration of the mono i be piopu '
Mr   iLIGrH ieph-d  that he wis not well ar
quamtcd with the inks of the Senate     lie could
not answei   the feitlemin's  question     But  he
wanted the delu e t > ooi if up, loi he saw it must I
come up     lie wanted  to ¡jive full  time  to the
gentlemen .on the othei side to come out and dis
cuss fhisi question     Foi htnself, he was satisfied
that this wis a proposition, the efiect of which .
would be, not onlv to cx| unge íiom the  Touinal I
of tins [] juse, but to exnunge this body fiom the
Consii   uioi      I ie wantfd to m^etthe resolution—
an X I e was desir us oí giving ¡ho gent eman fiom I
Missouri t full and fan opp i tunny of discussing
the  ijiiesiici—• le w shed   to see hi n  come ful v
piepjied, foi  he knew he was not so now     He |
w shed  io  lieu   that gentlemin's reasons, and,
t icrc ore, he  hoped   his  friend  from Mississipf 1
w it 11 wituuiaw his opposition to the leception
cftb   ro o'ntion
Mi   POIND  XTER said as he believed the j
ni tu ti i  volved ihe meins of the proposition, he
w ull therefne withdraw it                                      |
Toe íes !    tor havirg   een received,
Mi    OLN 10"V &ud a-,   icon amed tht heads of
the topics \vi ic i he meai t o> disc is*, he moved
that it be pi   neil    vvh   h v/isi^ieed to
M ÍVArj>3\. 1A \ ^ave notice that to morrow
lie w ul I move to t «ite up the till to establish a
duly roul betwcti Vjacoi, hi Geprgia, and New
O   caí s
Tne lnl^it e i el ef if Davio bea^d was ta>\en
it , iisiltredasi Commi ee of the Whole, and
oiUe^eJ to Le ciigio-^u for a tuicd uadn g
On motion of Mr POINDEXTER, the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill
suoplementary to the act granting a township of
land to certain exiles from Poland
After adopting an amendment submitted by Mr
ROBINSON, confining the Poles to such lands as
have not been settled, and which have been sur-
veyed,
Mr KANE asked the yeas and nays upon the
engrossment of the hill, which were oidered, and
aie as follows:
YEAS—Messia Benton, Black, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Frehnghuysen,
Goldsborough, Kent, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Knight, Lee, Linn, McKean, Moore,
Naudain, Poiudexter, Porter, Pienuss, Preston,
Robbins, Silsbee, Smith, Tallmadge, Tomhnson
—27
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Brown, Giundy, Hill,
Kane, Mangum, Morris, Robinson, Shepley,
Swift, Tyler, Waggaman, White, Wright—14
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third leading
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr LINN, it was ordered that
the standing hour of meeting foi the remainder of
the session, shall be eleven o'clock
BOUNDARY  BETWEEN   ALABAMA.   tlvD
GDOHGIA.
Mr CLAYTON, fiom the Judiciary Commit
tee, reported a bill i elative to the boundai y line be
tween the States of Alabama and Georgia, which
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading
THF CA.DDO INDIANS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mi Porter, was taken up, considered, and
agreed to
Rcohed, Thai the Committee on Indian Affairs
be mstiucted to inquire into th  expediency of
making an appiopiiatio i foi the puip se of hold
nig a tieaty 01 convention with the Caddo Indians,
for the extinguishment of a cl urn set up by them
to a tract of country in the noithwestern part of
the State of Louisiana, and the southwes ern part
of the Terntoiy of Arkansas
THE FOUR YEARS*' LAW.
The Senate then resu vied the consideration of
the bill to iepeal the act limiting the teim of cer
tain offi ers, commonly called the foui yeais' law, ¡
approved M«> , 1820                                                   '
Mr CLAY said, the std ject under considera
lion was one on which he hid felt extiemely
anxious, and one lnvohm ' the sime pnnciples as
those on which he had he bonoi at the last ses-
sion to oiFei a resolution to 'he Senile These
punciiles were the lesults of lmg and mature
reflection, and from then bein^ mcoi porated in the
bill, he felt called upon to defend it He would
say, that he differed wnh the gentleman fiom New
Y< rk, [Mi Wrioh-i ] m his (ompatisoii of the
dangers las! wintti ai a this. lie knew that the
scenes alluded to, arose Aon one of the most
extiaoidinaiy measuies ever witnessed in a free
Government He saw no congruiiy between those
measmes and the preset t leport That was no
less than the a"sum| dor of all power by one pei-
son as was shown by tl.eiemovalof the deposites, i
by tne piotest, and by the lepoit of the becretary ,
of the Tieasury B it he icgietted tliatany lefer
ence had oeen made to the bank iNoilung moie (
could be hopeü lot in fivt r of that i stituti n It
was gone, and no one could evei expectjt rechai I
ter, espec ally if he looked to the disp isit un of the
othei House, and to diffeient sections of the coun
try fie believed its affuis had been jusily and
properly adinims'ered B it he was not disposed
t) look too mu< h on the bright side of the ques-
tion 1 he bank was gone ano the cui rency of (lie
cmiitiy deianged On its ruins a multitude of locil
banks would spung up in every pait of these
twenty foui vove.egi Staes M )ney would be
p'*nty, property would muease ,n nominal value,
and the country be flooded with spuiious bdls It
was the misfortune of this country that the srreat
principles of reform should be connected wi*h an
unpcpulur uistiti tion lie had warned his friends
not to connect the su ¡ect of pi eventing the in 1
crease of executn e po a er with the fortunes of the '
bank He considered the bill before the Senate
totally divested of any connexion with the bank,
and separated from a'l the política! questions that
distracted the coun ry
There were duties (said Mr C ) transeerdent
duties, far paramount to party purposes—dudes
we owe our country It had been well said, that
in the perpetual tuin of the political wheel, those
who are up to day may be down to-morrow, but
if we adhered to principles, to manly, independent
pinciples, it was no matter whether we were uo
oi dowm
Mr C said, in regard to the question under
consideration that the paiticipation of the Senate
in the power of appointment was merely nominal,
if it acted without the reasons of the President
For if they sanctioned an appointment, the Presi-
dent could eject the officer from his place the next
day, if he pieased If the office was once vacant,
it was bej ond the control of ihe Senate Should
they reject one nomination, the Piesident might
nominate another and another of his cieatures,
until the Senate would be forced to yield,oi leave
the office vacant
The power of removal, as now exercised, was
entirely despotic in its aophcation In the i ecesses
of theexecutivemansion, thequestion wasdecided,
while the officer remained unseen md unheard
The Piesident was sole judge, juiois, and execu-
tioner And further, it was an irresponsible pow-
ei, as, without his reasons were given, no one
could call him to an account for his actions He
was beyond the power of impeachment, if such a
thing was capable ol being piactically cairied out
in such agovernmentasours Responsibility was
as essential an ingredient of a fiee government, as
the vital air which sunounds us was necessa v
for animal life Every officei was responsible to
the people, all were public servants, and if one
servant íemoved another, he ought to render an
account, to give his reasons to the nation There
would be a day of reckoning to all, and he would
appeal to the Senate, if ihei e had not been abuse >
Mr C then referred to the íemoval of a marshal
m Maryland, and to a fnend of his in Kentucky,
who had been dismissed fiom office
The gentleman from New York [Mr Weight]
had ingeniously analyzed the mass over which
executive powei had its influence, and upon each
division asked the question, Was theie any dan-
ger in that' He (Mr C ) perfectly understood
the nature of such appeals, they were better suited
for the stump than the Senate of the United States
We had not yet felt the weight of executive in-
fluence, the power of íemoval was still in its in-
fancy scaicely six years old It had not yet been
applied to the army and navy, and coulcínot be
btought to bear on the pensioners
Suppose (said Mr C ) it should be applied to
the aimy, if an oflicer stood in the way of the
Piesident's designs, and he refused to yield, the
Piesident would remove him, and put another in
his place In this wav, the army and navy might
soon be filled with the sunple tools of executive
power Whoever would take a just view of these
principles, let him look to the nature of man
Ti e veiy tendency of these things was to pro-
duce servility There were several stages in the
descent Tirst, silence If an officei happened to
d ffei with the President on m me political points,
he would be leserved, his friends and relauoos
would advise him to be prudent, and say nothing
But the pLce admits of no neutrality, hungry px-
pectarts are ciowdmg around, and the officer
must become warm and active, or he is dismissed
Wlw a multitude of officers so situated did the
Post Office Dej artment, the custom houses, and
the land offices, furnish Tney were a well
regulated body, a corps d'armee, a rallying pom*
foi political action, forming committees of corre-
soondenee all over the country It was a revival
of the institutions of feudal times , fil'ing the land
with barons and feudatories The Scnatoi fiom
New Yoik had used the term " inherent powei "
This was a new source of power He was igno-
rant of what ti e ¡senator meant by inherent power
He had only known implied and expressed power
[Mi WriGHT here lose to explain Fiemeart
no other power than what was derived from the
C< nstitution ]
Mr CLAY then proceeded The Senator from
Pennsylvania had spoken of "sovereiDn power "
1815.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
This was a'so a new idea in this country Did
the Senator bung back With mm his definition of
executive powei from Russii, wheie lie had seen
the wretched setf toiling three days m ihe week
for lus lordly master'
Mr C went on to show that the power of
removal was not an executive Dower, but rather
a judicial one, as it implied a condemnation He
believed the Constitution pointed out no other way
of remove! than by impeachment. But if ihe
necessity of the case required a way less tedious,
he thought it should be classed as a legislative
p>wei, since the Legislature had the light to cieate
office or abolish it
Mi C then went back fo examine the decision
in 1789 On looking over that debate, Mr C
said, he had found I is opinion changed with re-
gard to some of the great men who acted con-
spicuous pails then
Mr C conrluüed by saying that hehad stated,
in ihe beginning, thftt the power of dismissal oi
suspension was necessary. He only contended
that it ouüht to be regulated by law
When Mr  C concluded,
Mr GRUNDY lose and spoke n opposition
to the bill.
After some time Mr.G yielded the floor to Mr.
MANGUM, on wnose motion,
The Senate adjourned
printing     It could do no injustice, and he would !
vote foi the printing out of lespect to the Leg
latine of Viimont
Mi TURRlLLsam he was disposed to pay all '
due respect to the Legislature of Vermont At '
the  same  time  he tilt greater  íespect foi  this!
of Vermont, if the House refused to print their
11 resolutions     In reply, he would remark, that he
' presumed  no pel son   would   have opposed   the
| motion, if the resolutions had  been  drawn up
in  a decent manner, and weie respectful to the
,                                          „                  ,                -----11 House     But he contended that they contained a
oody. At the last session he had opposed the A direct denui ciation of what had been done by the
printing of the pamc memorials which had been House He denied the right of the Legislature
senthere. lie had done this on acc< unt of the of Vermont to pronouncejudgment on this House,
expense,and because he believed that by printing and then call upon it to record their condem-
and send ng those memcials out, an excitement nation. He read a passage fiom one of theiesolu-
would be created, cred.t destioyed, and many j tions, which cnarged the Piesident wilh having
individuals of laige fortunes would (as the result | acted in derogation of ihe Consulu ion and laws,
proved) be sacrificed and ruined. He was op- '
posed to the piesent motion to print, not merely
beciuse of the expense, but on the giound that
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Wi,DiibbDii| February 18, 1835.
Mi D!CKERSON,on leave, piesented certain
amendments to the bill to prevent evasions of the
revenue laws; which weie ordered to be punted.
Unfavorable reports on iauous petitions were
mide by Messrs FXISHA WHITTLESEY,
B4.NKS, andTURRlLL, fiom their íespective
committees.
On motion of Mr CAVE JOHNSON, fhe
bill supplemen'ary to an ai t passed the 4 h July,
1832, toi the final adjustment of land claims in
the southeastern distnctof Lou's.ana, was recom-
mitted to the Commutee on Private Land Claims,
On motion of Mr  BINNEY, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instrue'ed toirqune into the expedi-
ency of making an appropuation for the íepaír
of Poit M film and the adjacent pier, on the river
Delawaie, foi the purposes of tempoiary defence
Mr EWING piesented certa n lesjlutiors of
the L°gisla'uit. of ihe State of Indiana, which
were laid on the tablJ and ordered to be printed
Mr II. EVERETT presented a report and res-
olutions of the Legis'ature of Vermont, in favoi
of the d trib i ion of tl e pioceeds of ihe sales of
tt'e public lands among the seveim States, in favot
of a natKne! bai k, declaring the couise of ihe
F\«;(utne li remoiipg the deposites fiom the
Bnn't of the Uniied States not wairanted by the
Constitution, in ->oposition to the protest of the
Piesident, &,c , etc
Mr E moved to lay the report and íesolutions
on me table, and that they be punted
On motion, the repoit and íesolutions were
read
The question on printing lying propounded from
the Chan, theie afyeaicd 69 >n ihe affirmative
B'fore these m ihe negative wei° counted, Mr
SLADE demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered
Mr. SLAOE said the resolutions emanated
fiom one of the covereign S'a'es of this Confed-
eracy, ana he thought should be treated at least
with so much respect as to order their printing
He referíed to the importance oí some of the
topics embiacej in the lesolutions, pauiculaily as
regarded 'he publn lands, upon wl ich the House
might shonly be ca'lcd on to act,as a leason why
the ^solutions should be pnn ed.
Mr CAGE s-xid no man repudiated more tl an
he did some of the principles contained ill tne les-
olutions But he submitted whether it was not
gomg too far to refuse to print this document,
coming, as it di I, from the Legislatuie of one of
the States of the Ui ion He hoped that those who
agreed with him in relation to the contents of the
resolutions, would withdraw all object.on to the
the lesolutions icflecied upon the acuon of thi
House It would be reiolleited that aftei a pro-
tracted debate of some months, this House, at
the last session, sustained the Executive in the
course taken in  relation to the removal of the
in the removal of the deposties from the Bank of
the United States. The lesolution was adopted
in November last. This House had pteviously
decided that the Executive,in the measure refeired
to, had not transcended his < onstuuiional priv-
ilege—that he had not acted " in deioga'ion of the
Constitution and laws." He repeated, in con-
elusion, that whatevti others might do, for one
deposites fiom  the Bank of the  United States. I   he would not vote to record the judgment of con
Months after this decision of the House, and after    demnation which  had   been  pionounced against
the adjournment of Congress, the Legislature of || this House by the Legislatuie of Veimont
Vermont passed the lesolutions undei considera           Mi    FOSTER  denied   that the  House  had
tion,oneot which contamsan unjustifiableattack, '   come to any direct decision on the subject of the
removal of the deposites. It had been in vain
attempted to procure a vote of the House as to
the propriety of the i emoval of the public motleys'.
The Committee of Ways and Means had made a
labored report on the sulject, and had come to
the conclusion that the deposres should not be
íestored. This was the only point decided. The
committee knew too well the temper and disposi-
tion of the House to propose a direct vote as to
the propnety of the executive measuie He was
astonished that the gentleman fiom New York
[Mr Beakdsi r v] should now get up and contend
that the House had deuded this question Sup-
pose the Legislatuie of Vermont had expressed
different opinions from those entertained by a
majority of this House, was lhatany reason why
the punting of the resolutions should be refused '
We were almost eveiy day called upon by indi-
viduals to leverse the action of this House, and
every year we were*asked by the State Legisla-
tures to do the same thing Was such a coursa
disrespectful'    Certainly not.
Mr Sü THERLAND wished to know whether
the  Legislatuie of   Vermont had  requested that
the resolutions should be presented to the House
He asked that they be read.
The resolutions were again read.                      ..
[They were not addressed to the House ]
Mr. PAT TON was in favor of the motion to
print There was, he believed, but one prece-
dent, and that was u lecent one, where a proposi-
tion of this character had failed He was not at
liberty to refer particularly to tins precedent; but
it was one which the House ought lo condemn
He appealed to the House to say whether an
instance of the kind could be found, at least from
1798 to the piesent time, where either blanch of
Congress had refused to receive or treat with re-
spect any communication coming from the Legis-
lature of an independent State, legardipg the
public policy and liberty ' He should regard a dif-
ferent decision as portentous He dissented from
each and all of the views contained in the resolu-
tions of the Legislature^ Vermont It was,
however, a matter of no sort of importance what
were the paiticular views of tms Legislature.
They had a right to present them here, and they
were entitled to respect. He trusted, as this was
the first effort which had been made here out of
hundreds and thousands of cases to adopt a course
which he deemed highly improper, that it would
b" piomptly and decidedly condemned by the
se.
not only  upon  the   Executive,  but  upon   this
House
Mr II EVERETT believed this would be the
first instance in which anyoljection had ever been
made to the printing of any thing coming from
the Legislatuie of a State to that House; and he
could not but express his great surpuse at the
giounds of exception taken by the gentleman fiom
New York, [Mi. Turrill ] Ml. E would re-
spectfully ask that gentleman if he was prepared
to say that the Legislatuie of one of the States of
the Union miglu not exptess their opinion on the
acts and proceedings of that House' He begged
to hear the gentleman's reasons foi the ground he
had assumed, before he called upon the House to
adopt it, in refusing what was meiely a mark of
respect, paid to every memonal from every Stale
Legislatuie, whatever might belts character He
hoped the gentleman would either do this, or with-
draw his objection to the motion
Mr CLAY asked foi the leading of the resolu-
tions, which being lead,
Mr C said he hoped all opposition to the print-
ing would be witbdiawn     it was tiue they were
not addressed lo this House, but to the members
from Vermont.    It had been the uniform practice
of the House to punt every such communication,
when presented     The íesohations expressed the i
sentiments of the Legislature of Vermont on par- '
ticular subjects     He dissented from the position |
which was assumed in them, but he hoped that, i
coming as they did from a Sa'te Legislature, the |
opposition to the printing would be withdrawn.
Mr BYNUM wa? soiry that any opposition j
should be made to printing the resolutions There
was no man more opposed th<in himself to the ¡
doctiiiies which they contained It he was ten
times more opposed to these doctrines lhan he
was, he would not deny to the Legislature of
Vermont, or to her members upon this floor, the
puvilege of punting this document.
It was tiue, he believed, that m another quai-
ter, a similar application foi printing resolutions
adop ed by an mdeperdent State, had been re
fused. God foibid (said Mr B ) that this House
should evei exhibit so factious a spnitas to fol-
low a factious example He hoped that opposi-
tion to the pnni.ng would be wuhdiawn, and that
the House would not countenance the course
which had been adopted by another body on a
simibr case
Mr SLADE contended that a refusal to print
the resolutions would be di"=iesreitful to the State     Hon
—                                    .    .    .         i    '     Mr. P. referred to the history of the proceed-
ings at the last session, on the subject of  the re-
moval of the deposites.   He did not know what
of Vermont     The State Legis'atures had as much
right to be heaid  here, in some form, as indi
vfduals     This was the onlyfoim m wh'ch the
Legislatures could oe heaid     The Legislature of
Veimom met in Octohei last    That was the first I
opportunity which had been presented of express
ing then views unon the great questions referred
to in their jesoluliops
Mr  BEARDSLEYsaid it was because the res- ,
olutions weie disiespectful, and for that cause
only, that he object! d to printing them     The gen-
tleman  from Vermont  [Mr   Slade]  contended
that it would be disiespectful to the Legislature I
was then the judgment of the House in regard to
the propriety of the removal. There was no
such proposition presented for the decision of the
House That was a matter of no consequence.
It was admitted by all that the question wai one
of vital importance, and the Legislature of Ver-
mont, as v elras that of every other State, had
the right to express their views upon the subject
Mr. BURGES never expected to hear what he
had heaid this day.  He did not suppose that any
262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 18,
member on this floor would aaempt to silence the
voice of a whole S'ate------
Mr WATMOUGH here interrupted Mr
Burges, and called for the orders of the day
Carried
COMMUNICATION TROM WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, enclosing a geological
report of Mr Featberatonhaugh, which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed
Mr BEATTY moved to print twelve hundred
extra copies of ¡said íeport The motion lies ovei
one d ly
ROBERT JlJWETT.
A bill from the Senate foi the relief of the rep
resentatives of Robert Jewett, deceased, was read
twice and committed
WASHINGTON BRANCH  RAILROAD
The bi'l supplementary to t e act for the con-
struction of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad to tntcityof Washington, was read
the third time
Mi   PARKER entered at length into his objec
tions against the passage of this bill, quoting the
acts pa sed by Congtess and the Legislature of
Maiyl md, chufly on the ground th it it gave the
coraptny puvileges too great ard ex ensive
Mr CHINN said the objections of the gentle-
man were extraordinary, for he understood him,
tne othei day, to objeit to the bill because the
Gommitteeon the D stnetof Co'umbia had refused
to grant the romp my sum lent puvileges, and he
now opposed it because the puvdeges were too
large
Mf PARKER, explained lie w.shed the ben-
efits of the bill to be extended to evei y part of the
district
Mr JACKSON, of Massachusetts, wasin favor
of the bill
The bill was then read a third time and
passed
NAW PAY BILI
The bill to regulate the pRy of the ofliceis of
the Navy of the United States was then taken
up
The bill was reíd a third time, and the question
recurring on us final passage—
heveiii inembeis robe   but
Mi OROPKfc.1 I obtained thefiior and said
Mi Speaker, as thib bill has consumed no less
than thiee weeks in discussion, and as [ had a
bill made the c rder < f the day, the day af'er
this bill, viz the l(> h of Decern oer, and as Í
(see a di p >si ion to speak rnoie on the subject,
fis speaking hart become so fashionable hete, 1
xm tbeiefoie bound to move the previous ques
non
Mr H \RDIN hoped his fuend from Tennessee
tould withdiaw the motion
Mr  CROOIvb.1 V     I can't do it, su
Mr JuRVIS moved a call oí the House
Oidered—ayes 125
'Ihe coll was pmceeded with, and two hundied
Mid ten members being found piesenl—
Mr BOCKCE moved to suspend all fuither
proceedings on the call
Agieed to
Th  mniion for the previous q le tion was not
Beondtd—ues82   noes %
Mr HARDI N then obtained the fl oor, and said
he wished lo su rata few remarks to the House
on the bi'l under consideiation, which was one of
gieit°r mignitude than was generally supposed
In Febmaiv, 1834 a standing commi'tee of the
House had repor ed a bill to eqial z- the pay of
< tn ers of the aim y and navy, ihe bill was refened
back to a select committee, who, in May, 1834,
jepoited a pubsiitute in lieu of it, and both the
original and substitute wete refened to a Com
m tteeofthe W! ole HousQ A variety of amend
ments were maoe m comrrn tee on the original
bill, ami yesterday the q >esuon was taken upon
engrossing the sutstitute, before it was adopted,
in lieu of the original o II, and he called upon the
Cleik to say if he was not corre^m this state-
ment
The SPEAKER said that was not material, and
was not then a question of order
Mi  HARDIN did not desire to be understood as
making it a question of order, becausej although I
be had had the honor of a seat in parhamentaiy 'I
bodies for nearly twenty foui years, he never once l'
had the honor of presidio  ovei any deliberative ¡
body, either as speaker, or as deputy speakei, or ,
¡as speaker's cnairman, for he was nev r accus   l
' tomed to wait round the Speaker's chair, and of
I course he was ignoiant of all the forms of order
He had only refened to the i roceedmg on the bill ,
fir the purpose of sbosun ' the anxiety of tne
House to get the question, by having ordeted an
amendment to be engrossed instead of the original
I bill He regretted that the subj ct had been so
earnestly piesbed upon the coiibideraticn of the
House
One argument had been uiged in favor of le0tb
latmg upon this subject, which, in h s opinion,
was altogethei unsus amable It was temarked
that we were out of debt at peace in'i all the
\ oild, that our filances were in a II unshing
condition, and that now was the time tr mcreise
the piy of officers of the  navv      In answei  to
' this, he would only remark, that we had to legis   I
late foi the future, thathowevei wemightincrease
the pay, that i <rease would lemam hereafter for ,
ages to come     1 i legulating the pay of the amy, '
the  navy, and  the uvil   hot, we  shou i  bear in
mind that we ought to regulate i   with a view to
us permai ent continuance, not  foi   the sur^hine
of peace uid ptosperity    but also with a view to
the fiscal einoarrassments incident to wai    foi  no
nation could expect to go on f oi more than twenty
years, without exieuencing  the   vicissi udes of
war     He was opposed, ger eially, to illpiopibi
tions foi the incieist of pay for any officers ot   he
Government, and mvanably v jted against them
because, when a man osee got n  o office, there
was a kind of understand ng between the < facets
and the Government that the sa'ary shou! 3 not oe
diminished, and he was theie oie opposed  to an
increase of them      lie would ask, why was this
bill, then, pressed With such eirncstness?   Where
was the necessity for it'     We were tol I by gen-
, tlemen upon the fl oor of the House, and we had |
' heard it in oui private ioomb,over and over again,
from officers of the navy, that taose offi^eis tould |
not live upon thur presetitpay If that weie true
Mr II was ready to admit an increase should be
made, but if it could be pi ived to be enough, it
ought to stand as it was Wesh nil 1 bear in mind
that our navy was yet m infancy, at d u might oe
necessary, and probably would become twice as
laige as at present,and toat theie'oie we oujht to
limit oui piesent expelditu e of the army and
lavy both, within what might be consideied oui
capacity and means                                                     >
What wts the piesent pay of the navy ? The |
aggregate amount, as certified by the naval depai t
ment, was >770 OJO, using i and lumbeis The
fli eis of the navy were bat few in numbei,
j erhaps not more than from seven hurdred to a
thousand, u eluding the whole piovided in this
bill How many of them were now ( n a time of
pi 0 foil mi peace, when the necessity foi the increase
of pay had all at once   pinng up) employed?    He
I had made some calculation from the le oitof the
I Secretary of the Navy, and with an honorable
member from Ohio had compired the numbei in
commission with those on  of commission oi  on
I the stocks, í nd he had ascertained that there were
not mi re than one sixth part e mployed (-(m yeai
I lo year, one with an > her With tne exception
of those employed at the navy yaids, who, God
knows, weie well en ough provided foi, bet er than
any othei cilicei* of the Government, there were
not moie than on  ffth employed on the ocean
Wheie weie tne residue' Gen=ial!y at their
houses, or taking their pleasuie     .Now, new old
I ask, when only about one fourth oi one fifth of
these ofK e's were employed on the ocean, and the
balance at home, wheie was the imperious neces
bity for t) e increase of their p-y at this particul i-
tmW Th<-y n >w received, us lu had said ab )ut
£>770,( 00, not including the appropriations unde,
the ordinary bill Now, what was the inciease
pmposed by this bill'1 As the bi I was íepoited
last febru iry twelve month, it increased th*> pay
! of the navy $116 000, and the Day of the officeis
of the army £,70,000 in round numbers, for he
would not detain tne House with fractions On
referrn g the bill back again to a select com-
mittee, they knocked  the army olí altogethei,
and reported a suostitute for the nnginal hill,
increasing the pay of the navy $84 500, making
a total increase of $200,500 The bill was then
refened to a Committee of the Who'e House,
where it underwent a vauetyof mod fications,
and befoie it came to the amendment passed
yesteiday, Mr H sent the bill to 'he Navy De-
partment, and by that means ascertained that the
increase amounted to the sum he hud stated,
§200,500 After ti at calculation bad been made,
one of his colleagues [Mi Pope] moved an amena
ment pioposmg to incea^e the pay of past mid
shipmen A gentleman fiom Mane made a cal-
cul  ion ab to how much that amendment would
add to the bill, and he made it appeal to be %32 000
Mr II 'a calculation,founded upon the re urns of
the Navy Department, brought it to ^31 C00, and
if tnese were correct the whole increase would be
)j0CG ObO
fhe modificamos of the gentlemen fiom Vn-
gima [Mr Wisr] adopted yesterday, in rela ion
to the pay of ciptaios of the navy, diminished
that sum about j, 15,000 There weie thirty seven
cap anís, about • f. o th ids of them had their pay
lessened about ¡jSOO each, and about one thud of
them £>250 each, n iking, accoiiling to Mr H 's
es'imate, about filó 00', leaving the actual in
t rease by the b I!, ab p ibsed the c immittte yes
terday J2j1,0l)0—and all this in a time of profound
peace And if, evei oui n vy should be filled up
fie had no douut the increase would t mount to no
less than $500 000 a year He was peifecily
confident that he was no maccuiate to the amount
of fi ty dollars, in any one calculation If the
estímales of the Navy Depaitment weie couect,
tnen bv the fiist bill tl ere would be an increase of
§110,000, and by tne second bill of j>84 5Ü0 addi-
tional
If the calculations of the N ivy Depaitment were
not in i^curate, Mi II was satisfied that the whole
ni ease would be £,251,(00 Gentlemen might
sijj this b II w is in lieu of all lommuta'ion, and
that the £770,000 included eveiy thing except
the item of mileage, whicn could not be calculated
with any piobablt ctitamty As this bill was an
actual increase upon the present pay of (he navy,
taking it al ogether, of about f257,000 belter
th m one fouith, and not quite a thud, the whole
wou'd heie ftu amount to about ^1,03 ,000 a
yeai, and when the mileage of ten cents a mi'e
was added, they might fnrly estimate that our
naval i fhceis in time.* of piofound peace, would
cost the Government ^1,100 000 annually He
had made inquiries a& to what the whole civil
Government, including the legislative, executive,
and judici il departmen s of the seveial fctates of
Vnginii, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Missouri, Kentuckj , rein>e&s e, Alabama, North
and South Gtrolma, miking eleven S atts the
whole machinery of the Govern ment of those States
put tcgether fell short, by at least §100 000 of what
was proposed, in a time of profound peace, for the
officers of the navy of the United States Surely
there was something in this How much was it
on the old J fTersoniati plan ? That a meie hand
ful of men, m times of profound peace, when net
more than one fifth of them were engaged, shoti'd
cost the Govcinment of the United States $100,0J0
moiethin the whole civil governments together
of eleven States of the Union' Suiely, surely,
we must have fallen on fine days of retrenchment
and iefoim indeed1 in the year 1808, it was
| lomulgattd to the world what won lious things
would be done upon the subject of retrenchment
and reform ' How have thebe promises been ful-
fil led > Office after oifice had been ci eateil, emolu-
ment afttr emolument had been added and in
creased, and now, to sum no all, an inccibe of
pay of offcers of tne navy to raoi° than a fouith,
í nd little less than a thud, was to be made He
called upon those gentlemen as^-ocia ed with him,
who «e'e atlached to the political parly that
governed the nation, and who won I be held
re=oonstble to the count! y, to look at tl e leports
issued fiom the House—to look at the circilar
letteis, the speed es published, and those r'so
made oi the btump, and they would find them-
selves held responsible for all this F >r twep y
yeais Mr H had been c intendn g to bring this
Government back to its original expenditure, and
he sho lid con mue to do so as lon£ as he had the
horor of a seat upon that floor     He had not con-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fined his denunciations of these extravagant ex-
penditures to the stump; he had made them in
that [louse, and he should do it again, and upon
every opportunity, when the occasion presented
itself. The country would hold the party attached
to the present Administration responsible for their
profligacy of the public money.
But we have been told that we have been un-
grateful to the navy, in the language of one gen-
tleman, " the right arm of the nation." Let us
make a comparison of their pay with that of the
army. A lieutenant commanding in the navy
got abo\e £1,100 a year; a lieutenant in the army,
taking everything into calculation, got $820, and
a second lieutenant <j7C2, &c. Mr. H. here went
into a statement of the salaries paid to the officers
of different grades ir. both branches, in order to
sustain his proposition, that the naval received
more, in proportion to the number of men he
commanded,than the military officer. A lieutenant
in the navy, he maintained, got as much as a
major in the army, and a captain in the navy got
higher pay than a brigadier general; besides, the
former got ten cents a mile for his travelling ex-
penses. If the latter got more than he had stated,
he made it up by ¡eft hand charges, by transporta-
tion of baggage, quarters, &c; but this would
show that anuses had crept in, and if so, Mr H.,
for one, was prepared to go into the correction of
them.
I.lr. WISE explained that a lieutenant in the
navy acted as a colonel in the army, and a cap-
tain as a general, for they were liable to be called
upon to command more ships than one.
Mr. HARDIN resumed. In general, a full
complement of a first-rate ship did not exceed
seven Hundred and thirty-three men. In the Eng-
lish ships about seven hundred and fifty. Tne
French had taken up a foolish idea—he ought not
to say foolish, but they had adopted the policy
that the more men the better, and their large ships
now usually took upa thousand men. But if you
took all vessels in the United States naval service,
of different szes, from a seventy-four down to the
smallest, they wouid not average more at the out-
side than five hundred men each; nay, in general,
they would not reach four hundred. When a
captain went out with his ship of a complement of
four bundled men, he usually took with him a
lieutenant to about every seventy men. That was
the average Commodore Porter took in his expe-
dition to the Pacific; that was the average of the
old Constitution in the last war. Mr. H. entered
further into this statement, to show that a lieuten-
ant and midshipman did not command more men,
upon an average, than a first and second lieutenant
in the arm v. Upon the subject of gratitude, also,
he would ¿alione fart to the recollection of gentle-
men, thai if a man died an officer in the naval ser-
vice, his widow was pensioned from five years to
five years. lie knew widows of meutorious offi-
cers in the Army who were starving;. One in his
ov.n neighb irhood, whose husband, an officer in
the army, fought at Raism, bagara, and at New
Orleans, was now without a cent in the world,
and he had broughton a letter from her to General
Jackson, statins; "that she was reduced to wantand
betrirary, and trie General promised to do all lie
could for her. lie knew a similar instance of a
major in the army, who died at New Orleans,
whose widow ai'd children *ere also reduced to
want and bejrgai v. Hence it was that he said the
navy got inure than the army. He wished to
God there was a law providing for the widows of
nil tn.i.-e who lost then' lives in the service of their
country. Bit he wotiid again call «lie attention of
the House to the contrast between the pay of the
two memoes. Mr. 11. then read an estimate ot
the diliei cut simi-i paid to the officers and crews of
van ms ships engaged during the late war.
Mr.!), then rek-ired to the addresses of Com-
in.,dore Toiler, Loid Nelson. A.'., to show that
l'rr/.«-nioiiey was the greatest incentive for s.-.ilors
to nirhi well, relating'an ancient anecdote to that
e.T.vt. of n ■soldier, who, having lost his budge!,
na he tailed Ins wealth, on an assault, was the
first to mount the breach, and recovered by the
plunder of the town more than he had lost; on
another occasion, being called on by his com-
mander to do the same, he requested some other
man to lake ¡us place who had lost his budget, for
he possessed one. A gentleman referred to a
captain yesterday who had been twenty-nine years
in the service, but who was not worth $700. Mr.
M. said there were some men whom you could
not make rich. But he would refer to the numer-
ous captains in this city, living in the finest pal-
aces—no, he must not say palaces—in the most
splendid mansions, built by the public money they
had obtained. Ask a commander how much he
made, and he would reply, why, in the last war,
probably about $ 100,000. It was said their
" March ia on the mountain wave,
Their home is on tbe deep."
Their march here was too often from the tavern
to the Capitol, and their home was-------, several
gentlemen around him said, in the galleries of this
House. Mr. H. referred to the officers of the-
army, who were then toiling in the West, and
were not represented there by committees, &c.,
and complained of the proposal for the army
having been rejected by the select committee, and
the navy alone taken up and acted on, [Mr. Wat-
mough explained,] contrary to the just expecta-
tions of all.
In regard to a lavish expenditure of the public
money, the history of the last three hundred years
furnished us with one fact, that it was the natural
tendency of all Governments to increase their
expenses from year to year. Such was the case
with the Governments of Europe; and he was
afraid the Government of the United States would
exhibit the same melancholy picture; that its
expenses will be so increased that at last it will
become too oppressive and too onerous for the
people to bear, and, according to the language of
the other House, reform or revolution .must be the
end of it. It was the lavish waste of the public
money that brought Charles I. of England and
Louis 16th of Prance to the block; and it is one
of the main causes of all the revolutions of empires
that have ever happened. Gentlemen say that the
navy was a popular branch of the public service.
He agreed. But ought that House to legislate for
fashionable attachment? He knew there was a
continued struggle to get expenditures on the sea-
board. He had no wish to impeach the integrity
of gentlemen who were so zealous on the sukject
of fortifications and other works on the sea-board;
but they could not help being acted on by their
feelings. In tbe language of Sir Robert Walpole,
Prime Minister of England, he said they came up
year after year to be shorn like sheep. We (said
Mr H.) come from the interior every year to be
shorn, for your fortifications on the sea-board;
but 1, for one, am not exactly like the sheep, for
although I might be willing to be shorn, I will
make a noise about it. Mr. H. concluded by say-
ing that he had a great many more observations
which he wished to have offered on the present
occasion, but he was unwilling to intrude too far
upon the indulgence afforded to him by the House,
for which he offered his acknowledgments; and he
should probably take some other opportunity of
giving his sentiments at more length to the pub-
lic.
Air. WISE said he was fully aware that it would
be improper for him to detain the House long on
the subject of this bill, as he had perhaps spoken
too much upon.it already. He felt it incumbent
on him, however, to make a brief reply to what
he considered, without intending the least disre-
spect towards that honorable member, to be the
adcaptmtdum remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hardin,] who had just taken his seat.
Were it not for the already well earned reputation
of the gentleman as a debater, he might be led to
the supposition that he was fighting for fame. He
had certainly taken strong ground in opposition
to bills involving public expenditure. When the
bill to compensate Commodore Hull was before
the House, there stood the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to oppose it. When the Alexandria canal
bill was un, there stood the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. When Meade'sclainiwas presented, there
stood the gentleman from Kentucky. And now
on the question of the passage of the bill to regu-
late the pay of the Navy, there still stands the
gentleman from Kentucky. From this indiscrim-
inate opposition to ¡ill money bills, we might be led
to supoose that the gentleman acts more from
habit than from calculation, but alwaysfrom prin-
ciples of sound economy. When the Louisville
and Portland canal bill came up, títere was not to be
found the gentleman from Kentucky. And at the
moment the gentleman was so earnestly contend-
ing ' for economy in navy pay, he eloquently—<f
never heard the gentleman more eloquent than to-
day, though he always delightfully entertains me
—justified the pat/ of the army, when I have on « *
former occasion, and could now, demonstrate the
pay of the army to be nearly double that of th 
navy. But, with the gentleman from Kentucky,
it seemed the army was like the Louisville and
Portland canal—the army clears the way of the
West on their frontiers! Yes, sir, the gentleman
from Kentucky is like all the rest of us, when a
little wool is to be sheared off we are apt to bleat
but if any is to be stuck on our skins, we are
dumbas lambs. But, sir, the West is as much in-
terested in the navy as the sea-board, and no more
sheared than we are, in increasing its pay and
emoluments. ,
Mr. W. said such was the impression which the
course of that gentleman had made upon him,
and he had watched that course with some atten-
tion, though not, he assured him, with a little or
invidious spirit. There was probably another
cause Jor the habit of opposition which the gen-
tleman from Kentupky seemed to have acquired.
He was a long-experienced lawyer, and appeared
sometimes to conceive himself addressing a jury
of unpractised men. Such must have been his
impression when he appealed to the friends of the
present Administration, with a view to arouse
their party predilections in opposition to this bill
as calculated to render that Administration odious.
It was true, the Administration was sometimes
held responsible for expenditures for which it
should not be held accountable; but did the gen-
tleman from Kentucky suppose he could frighten
the friends of this'bill favorable to theAdmimstra-
tion from its support by threatening to accuse
them of improvidence, if this increase of pay be
improvident, in which every party in this House
has its full share? In no sense can this bill be
viewed as a party measure.
Mr. HARDIN here interposed an explanation
relative to a remark of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] relative to his course in rela-
tion to the bill for the benefit of theLouisvilleand
Portland canal. He had already explained to
that gentleman that his own sentiments were in
opposition to that bill, but that he had acted under
instructions from the Legislature of his State.
Mr. WISE said it was true a conversation had
Sccurred, in which he understood the gentleman
to be opposed to that bill; and he now learnt that
he acted, in some measure, from instructions of
his constituents. He had only alluded to it to
show that all have their " budget" to fight for,
and that the gentleman from Kentucky could fight
for his, as well as others.
Mr. W. hoped the House would not, in its ac-
tion upon this bill, take such-views in to considera-
tion. It was merely a question of dollars and
cents, and should not be connected with any party
or extraneous ideas. He would conclude by
adverting to a single remark relative to the for-
tunes of the officers of our navy. He believed
there was not one who received more than suffi-
cient for subsistence—not one now in the service
who now possesses more than he derived from
inheritance or from marriage. It was not in the
naval service that fortunes were acquired. On
the contrary, it was impossible at the present pay
to live as becomes a gentleman belonging to the
American navy. The navy pension fund, too,
had often been alluded to. Not one cent of this
came out of the pockets of the people. So with
prize money. It did not come from the pockets
of the people, but was wrested from their foes.
As was well said by an intelligent lieutenant,
whose letter he had on a former occasion intro-
duced to the attention^ the House, it was hardly
fought for and deaily won. It was taken from
the'enemies of your country, and not from the
people's treasury. What benefit, he asked, ac-
crued to the young officers of the navy from the
prize money so often alluded to as having been
distributed to the commanders during and prior to
the last war. He hoped the House would not
suffer itself to be governed by such considerations.
284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
He would detain them no longer, as the subject
bad certainly been sufficiently argued and dis-
cussed .
Mr LYTLE said, Mr Speaker Before this
bill goes to a vote on its final passage, I feel con-
strained to say tnat I must differ with some or my
colleagues with whom I havegeneially acted,and
perhaps with a majority of the delegation from
the West The oojections just made to it by the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr HUr-
din,] furnish an additional inducement for me,
briefly, to make some explanations of my views at
this time upon the bill before you
I know well, sir, that whenever that gentleman
ehooses to devote the powerful, active energies of
his mind, to the investigation of any subject, that
he can always present that subject in a clear and
plausible, if nota conclusive manner, before th.s
body The only objection I have to his style and
manner of effecting his object, is that his long and
successful piactice at the bar, has had a tendency
to make him forget that he is not here m full
practice before a jury—and that having taken
Bides, he makes his argument, in correspondence
with his professional habits, altogether a one sided
one He has omitted nothing in thepiesentment
of his views, fiom the organization of the navy ta
the present time, which was calpulated topreiudice
the passage of the bill But I did hope, sir, that
when he undertook to enlighten the House by a
comparison between the naval and army expendi-
tures, that his sense of justice would have kept
pace with his zealous spa it of inquiry, and that he
would have made the contrast perfect But, alas,
sir, it was followed out on the one side by facts
m opposition to the navy, and on the other by
assertions in relation to the pay, the duties,, and
expenses of the army, in reference to which my
honorable friend from Vuginia, [Mr yVist-i] who,
by the way, has given to the subject, with a view
to this very matter, great attention, entertains a
wide and total difference of opinion, both as to
facts and conclusions
But, sir, («aid Mr L ,) I object to such com-
parisons—they are altogether erroneous    They
are calculated to cieate invidious feelings between
the members of those two branches of the service
—to awaken jealousies, and produce embairass-
ments which should ntvei exist amongst membeis
of the same family     Sn , the cause is a common |
cause     Both aie contending for the same great
interests, and both should be well paid     I( the
aimy is uidihNrently provided for, let usknow it, [
and apply thire ulso the needful remedy, but as
we aie now regulating nieiely the p ly of the naval*
ofii eis, whystait objections winch may result ¡
i i envy and the henet<uion ot bad blood between
the members of these two chsses of oui  public '
service'    It is n just tribute to tht < ffi ers of the
aimy to say, that in ¡eference to this bill, I  h ivc
heaid but  one'expie-ision  m lebtiont)  it—all
have hoped foi and e k mi iged its passage with
a sjiiiitof mignanimKy and (hivahy, they have
always told me it was right, and wished it «n- I
ce=s    Sir, they aie sworn brethien in arms, fight- I
nig under the same banner, and governed by the
same interests and feelings    Let not discord come
among them, then, by any act of ours, calculated |
to awaken causeless jealousies, wheie all is now .
linrmoniou3 and   friendly       The   matter,   Ml   '
Speaker, is i educed to this poini   it is too lite in
the session essentially to change the features of
this bill, immediate action  is   required, and  we
must e t'ler take this as we fi id it or leave the
navy in a weak and deplorable condition     I am I
free to say, su, if you are not disfiosed to make '
it resectable and sound, abolish it at once—bum I
down your  fleets, and  block up your harbois, '
uestioy your foi tifications, act on the defensive al   !
together, at the erpense of not only the trade a^d
commerce of the country, but «o much of its lib- I
eity as may be considered dependent on a naval ai-
mament—on the maiine power of tneGovernment  I
If, however, it is th  desue of the House to place |
our n ivy on a rank and power that shall corre   [
spond with any a i J all others that she may come I
in  contact wi'h—tnat  oui " stais and stripes"
may float prouaty and triumphantly wherever a [
breeze may waft, or a wave may bear it—that the I
products of our rich and happy country may be ,
safely carried into every port, where any other ¡
ship may nde—that the seamen in our service
may be enabled by their pay to exhibit, in their
mteicourae with those they meet, the aspiring,
generous, and pioud chaiacter of tneGovernment
they represent Pass this bi'l, and finish the
means by which it shall be done Already, upon
the most slender means and dimmisned resources,
have they sustained the national honor, and the
national charactei, at the expense of personal
comfort and independence If you are to l.ave a
navy at all, then let it be such a one as you will
not be ashamed of By your pay bill, show that
yau do not mean that men shall fight your battles,
protect your exiled citizens, cultivate by lecip
local hospitalities with foreign Poweis tnat most
desnable fee'mg of amny and respect, which it is
so eminently our duty and policy as a nation to
maintain, without the indispensable patronage of
the Government they be'ong to Sir, this is noth
mg more than naked justice, anu so far myself
from being honor stricken at the provisions of
this bill, 1 would be glad to have it improved by
the amendments proposed by the gentleman fiom
Georgia, [Wr Jones,] some time back, in refer
enceto theadditionnl giades in the service, thereby
perfecting the navy of our Union, and making it,
in all respects, equal with all others Sir, these
opinions may surpnse some of my fuends with
whom I have acted, but they are the same that I
have always cherished, and hold myself ready to
defend—but not on the grounds assumed by my
honorable friend from Kentucky, [\ii Hardin ]
Fie chustens it a party measure, and holds, after an
eloquent description of the reform and retiench
ment measures promised by this Administration,
that he will hold as responsible for this most ex
travagant proposition the Mmimit)ation and its
fuends' Sir, how is this when, in the same
bieath, he tells us thatone-third of theAdmtmstia-
tton party is opposed to the bill, and that the two-
thuds is made up by the opposition members of
the House? The two averments aie admuably
leconciled to each othei Sn, so fai as I have
seen or heard anything in this discussion, it is
totally exempt fiom all spirit of Darty I go for
the impiovement of this gi eat arm of the National
Government upon principles of national policy
and right Party feeling and paity inteiest never
entered into my brain When reil ctmg or act
ing on it, party feelin"-is dead, as it should be, in
Inference to it, except so far as it maj concern the
common interest of our common country
flic gentleman fiom Kentucky did not seem to
expect suj>poit from the western cotmtiy for this
bill Sir, I admit with lum that an opposition
mi< ht | ibtly and fauly have been anticipated from
oui quntei The close, a id partial, and exclu
sivo policy of those on the sea-boaid to our west
eui interests, was well cilculated to make us íe-
turn the comphmert on this, and on all other such
occasions I3ut I h ive ever icgarded the nivy of
oui country as a subject of the deepest and most
tin illin r nation"! interest I I ave sunk, and have
always been willing to sink, my feelings of local
or sectional interest, in a question that involved
the common welfaie, glory, and peipetuity of the
countiy Born and mutuied in the back woods
a buckeye in feeling and thought, in education,
habits, and aclion, 1 trust, as aRepiesen alive on
thi fi)oi, I shall nevei foiget the obligations thus
imposed upon me by that station of common
national, tndnisible interest Thus, sir, 1 regaid
the bill which proposes to protect and sustain the
navy of our Union I have nevei seen the
ocean, never inhaled a breere from the salt water
I have nevei but once tiod the deck of a man of
war, and have yet to see a ship of the first clasp
under sail But I hope and believe, sir, if! know
myself, that there is that within me, which, if I weie
on the extremes' bonndaiy of oui western fron-
tiers, would nevei, r evei make me forget that I
was an Jlmencan eiti en—would neversubdue the
feelings of pi oud exultation which I still remem-
ber of having felt in eaily boyhood, when hear-
ing of the íesult of the well fought battles of our
gallant tars upon the high seas—nor make ¡re
pause upon a proposition to amend the unjust pol-
icy of the Government towards them, for thegal-
lantry they have displayed, the privations they are
still enduring, and the demands which they now
have, and are entitled to make, on the justice of
their country Again, sir, we are told of the peí -
sions aheady received by the widows of deceased
naval oihceis, and my iiiend before me has in-
stanced one in his own neighboihood I am glad
it is so, and that she is comfor able, and I wish
to God that I could say as much of the widows
of the living officeis of our navy I know one,
sir, whose residence is not out of sight of the
Capitol, who may now indeed be within the sound
of my vo ce, whose gallant husband is on a two
or thiee years' cruise in the Pacific, and whose
salary amounts to the miserable pittance of eleven
hundred dollars, the one halfoi which he has di-
vided with a lovely and growing family, consist-
ing of his wife and some five or six children, and
out of this sum he must interchange civilities as
commandant of the station with the officers of
all other Governments he may happen to find
there
Sn, if you mean to have a navy that will an-
swer the just purposes ana expectations of the
Government, you must expect to pay for it, but
yet we are furnished with a history of the enor-
mous sums paid to different ciews, or received by
them in the shape of prize money Well, sir, it
is eamed only in time of war, and well earned
then, Mr Speaker—earned as much for the coun-
try as for the sailor who enjoys it, for it is a íe-
ciprocal benefit to the country, and whoever the
country may employ to take it By crippling the
resources of the enemy, you add to the country's
stiength, no matter into whosepockete the plunder
goes, or if one farthing should never reach the
coffers of your Treasury But my worthy friend
has had his sensibilities excited, also, by the ap-
pearance of navy officers in the city, and has
told you, that instead of their "maieh" being "on
the mountain wave, and their home upon the
deep," their "march is now from the tavern to the
Cajutol, and their home in oui gallery " He seems
offended at the appointment of a committee to
come on here to explain to the members of this
House and its committee, matter which could
never have been furnished elsewhere. Why, sn,
is there any thing unjust or presumptuous in this'
Their every thing is at stake, the rules and pnn-
ciples by which they are to be goveined, perhaps
foi the balance of their lives, their whole future
destiny dependent on the decision ot the House
this day, sir, upon the fate of this bill, and they
debane I the common privileges of Amencan fiet-
men, of expiessitig their opinions, oi giving their
advice, when it 13 íeally indispensable to conect
action, and denied a beat in the galleiy to ascer-
tain the lesult'
I am unable to perceive or appreciate the enor
mity of this offence The officers of the aimy
do, also, come here, and they have the light to
come, and 1 think the honoiable gentleman wul
find two aimy to one naval officei at this time in
the city, and so great was this grievance, as
complained of by the Secretary of War, from the
too fieqient visitations of his troops here last
wmtei,that he nad to issue a proclamation to
keep tnem off, dunng the session of Congress, as
eveiy gemleman here must remembei lie older
was i evoked, and with at least as much propnety
as ¡t was mad , but we a 1 know the fact
The offi er  of the navy, then, have done no
more than other peoj le—they have looked a little
aftei their own interests— hey found them in
jeopardy, and came, f 1 ti e last time, to their
lescue Sir, I deny that the navy is the " spoiled
child of the Government " She is the abused,
neglected, cast c IT member of Ihe family It is
time hei injuries should be redressed, hei sei vices
rewaided—no better time coul 1 have I appened
than the piesent—even the vo'e upon th  piesent
bill, sir, may be regarded as big with the fate of
the devest mteiests of the country Sir, it msy,
H w II have an impoitant bearing, as it s1 culd,
upon our foreign relations—it «ill show that the
people are avahened to a sense of the d fí.
cuides that are oppioachmg, and to a coirect ap-
preciation of the «erne No man can look at the
papers from the East th s morning, and not I e sat
isfied that a war cloud ¡s now lowenng upon u",
it is plainly visi >le, sir, at least in the hi 1 zcr , I
riistal e not, it will soon be ujion us, and if I had,
or could have my way, so fai from being staggered
by the piovisions  of this   bill, I would add   the
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLÁIR   &   RIVES
23d Congkess, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1835.
Vol. 2.....No, 17.
full amount claimed by this Government from the
French as an extra appropriation for repairing the
navy, and completing the fortifications of the
country, and by hard knocks, make the French
pay the whole expenbe for the trouble of collecting
our just debts in that way.
It will come to that at last, and when we «end
off our gallant seamen to undertake the work, let
those who are now anxiously watching ¡he results
of our deliberations, start with light hearts and
fuller pockets, leaving a better prospect of com-
forts and happiness behind them, and entering I
with increased ardor and renewed spirit into the I
service of a country liberal enough to reward and
honor them; at ¡east, sir, the bill shali have my :
hearty and most ardent support.
Mr. CHILTON here moved the previous ques- ]
tión.                                                                                 ]
Mr. WARD moved a call of the House.
.On this question, Mr. HARDIN called for the j
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and taken;
when there appeared—yeas 101, nays 103.
So the House refused to second the call.
The question was ihen taken on seconding the
previous question; which was decided, by tellers,
in the affirmative—ayes lib, noes 24.
The main question, " e>hall the bill pass?" was
then put and taken by yeas and nays—yeas 117,
nays 1U2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q.. Adams, John Adams,
Heman Allen, Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks,
B.troer,Birm:z. Bates, Bay lies, Beale, Bell, Bumey,
Bodle, Boon, Briggs, Brown, Bull, Burd, Burges,
Cage, Cambreieng, Campbell, Carnnchael, Cham-
bers, William Clark, Clay, Clayton, Coffee,
Cramer, Crane, Crockett, Dailington, Deberry,
Denny, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett, Horace
Everett, Ewing, Ferris, Fillmore, Foster, Fulton,
Gamble, Garland, Gholson, Guiham, Grenuell,
Haiinegan, HazeUiue, Heath, Henderson, How-
ell, Huntington, William Jackson, Eoeotzer Jack-
son, William Cost Johnson, Richard M. Johnson,
Henry Join,son, Sea&orn Jones, Kavanagh, King,
Line, Lay, Lincoln, Love, Loyali, L-tcis, Lytle,
Manning, Marti'.dole, Marshall, John Y. Mason,
MeCumas MiK.ni, M''Kmlev, Mercer, Milli-
gan, Miner, Mimie, Morgan, Murphy, Parker,
Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, Phillips, Pickens, Pmck-
ney, Pope, Potts, Reed, Renrher, William B.
Shenard,' Slude, Sioane, Stiangler, Steele, S-.od-
tlert, Will,am P Taylor, P. Thomas, Trumbull,
Turner, Twenty. Vance, Vanderpoe!, Van llou-
ten, Vinton, Wan;, Watmough, White,Frederick
Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Wilson,
Wise, anil Young —1)8.
NAYS—Me-ssrs. John J. Alien, Chilton Allan,
Will am Allen,BarrniKer,Bean.Beardsley, Beatty,
Ueaiiiiioiv, Bocke?, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Carr,
Casey, Chutiey, Chilton, Ctiiiin, Ciairborn, Sam-
uei Clark, Clowney, Connor, Coulter, Day, D.ck-
ei'son, Dunlsp. Forester, Fowler, Philo C. Fuller,
William K. Fuller, G^braith, Gillet, Gilmer,
G Tilon, Giaram, Grayson, Grilla, Joseph Hall,
Thomas H. Hall, Hnlsey, Hairier, Hard, Hardin,
Harper, Uamxon, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Hiesier, tiubbaid, Inge, Janes, Jarvis, Noadmh
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kil-
gore, Kinnartl, Lansing, Laporte, Lea, Lee,
Lewis, Lyon, Abijan Mann, Joel K Mann, Mar-
dis, Moses Mason, M iy, Mclntire, McKay,
McLene, MoVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell, Rob-
ert Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Osgood, Paare, Parks,
Patterson, Franklin Pierce, Pterson, Plummer,
Polk, Ramsay, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck,
Augustine H. Shepperd,Shimi, Smith, Standifer,
Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thomson, Turrill, Wngencr, Ward well, Web-
ster, Wh.illon.and Williams—102.
So the bill was passed.
0. 1!. DIBBLE.
The joint resolution relative to the settlement of
the accounts of O   H. Dibble was next taken up,
17
and,on motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
postponed till Friday next.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House then took up the motion submitted
some days since by Mr. Plummbr, to recon-
sider the vote on the amendment offered by Mr.
Binnet to the bill regulating the deposite of the
public moneys of the United States in certain local
banks.
Mr. POLK addressed the House, and pro-
pounded some inquiries to Mr. Binney, in rela-
tion to the nature and intention ol Ins amend-
ment.
Mr. BINNEY replied. He added that he had
no special objection to the reconsideration-, for he
believed he couitl convince the House of the pro-
priety of his amendment.
Mr. POLK resumed his remarks, but finally
gave way to a motion for adjournment,
do motion of Mr. MANN, of New York,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 19, 1833-
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the Treasury Department, transmuting
a statement of the contracts authorized, arid pay-
ments made by that department for the year
1S34.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported the House bill granting a pension
to Simeon Meachum, without amendment.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, repotted the House bills granting pensions
to Peter Doxtator and Jacob Weaver, without
amendment; and intimated that when the bids
should be called up, be would move for their
indefinite postponement.
Mr. TOMLtNSON, from the same committee,
leported the Houte huh granting pensions to
Samuel M. Asberry and Francis St. Coir, without
amendment;and with the expression ot an opinion
by the committee against the passage of the last
named bill.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. BUCHANAN, on leave given,—previous
notice having been dispensed with,—introduced a
bill further to suspend the operation of certain
provisions of '* An act to alte1- and amend the sev-
eral acts imposing duties on imports, approved
14 h July, 1834," which was read twice by unan-
imous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
WALTER LOOMIS AND  ABEL GAT.
On motion of Mr. TOMLIN^ON. the Senate
considered, as m Committee of the Whole, the
bill for the íelief of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay;
when it was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were considered and adopted:
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause a survey to be made of a road from the
Maumee bay through the -northern counties of
Indiana, to or near'the rapids of Illinois river,
and thence to the Mississippi river, to some point
between Rock Island and Q,u:ncy.
Bv Mr. KENT:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit to the Senate any inform-
ation he may possess in relation to the obstruc-
tions in the navigation of the Potomac between
Washington and Georgetown, in this District.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The follo,wimr bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice and referred:
A bill to increase the'pay of the navy of the
United States;
A supplement to the act authorizing an exten-
sion of the lateral bralich of the Baltimore and
I Ohio railroad within the District of Columbia; and
I     A bill to allow additional compensation to the
; district attorney of the United States, for the dis-
trict of South Carolina.
OFFENCES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate con-
sidered, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill
amendatory of the act fur the punishment of
offences against the Unitid States.
Mr. CLAYTO N'j-ose bnefly to explain the pro-
visions of the bill. lie said the object of the
Judicial y Committee in reporting it, was to define
and punish the revolt of crews ot American ships.
The act of 1820 makes revolt a crime punishable
with death, but does not define the offence. The
courts have given it a construction about which, it
is true, theie is now no doubt-, but it was thought
better by the committee to give it a definition by
statute.     There is another feature of the- bill__it
changes the punishment. In practice, criminals
of this description often escape punishment alto-
gether, owing to the excessive severity now im-
posed upon the offence. It was therefore thought
best by the committee to define it and attach such
severe punishment to it as would effectually sup-
press it.
Mr. CLAYTON then moved to amend the bill
by sulking outthiee years' confinement at hard
labor, at me disci etton of the court, as the maxi-
mum of punishment for revolt, and inserting ten
years in lieu thereof-, which was agreed to. *
On motion of Mr. CLAY ION, the bill was
further amended by striking out one year arid
inserting live years' imprisonment as the extremity
of puiiisuineiit for inciting to revolt.
O.i his motion the bill was further amended by
increasing il.e nifixiinuiu of punishment from one
to five yeais' imprisonment against captains,
mates, &c, for cruel be"atmg of seamen.
'. After some further explanation of the legal pro-
visions of the bill, it was repoited to the tíenaie,
and the atnendmerts were concurred in.
I Mr. SHEPLEY then moved to strike out the
words in the bill which authorized, punishment to
be extei-ded 'o veglecl of duly
Mr. CL \YroN opposed the motion, on the
ground that it was only designed to apply to con-
spiracies by the crew 10 neglect their duties, su as
to endanger she saíety oí Ihe ship and crew.
The motion was disagreed to, and the bill was
then ordered to be engiossed for a third reading.
CHARLES J. CATLETT.
On motion of Mr. N AUDAIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider,as m Comrrittee of the Whole,
the bill for the itiief of Charles J. Catlett.
[This bill provides payment for a large quantity
of tobacco, together wnh a building in which a
portion of it was stored, at Magruikr's Ferry
warehouse, Nottingham warehouse, and Cedar
Point warehouse, on the Chesapeake Bay, which
was destroyed by the British troops, during the
last war.]
The merits of the bill weie discussed r-t some
length bv Messrs. NAUDAIN, CELL, and
SHEPLEY, who contended that the case did not
come within the piin<-tple which had heretofoie
governed Congie-a in making compensation tor
private property destroyejl by the enemy in lime
of war.
The opposite eronnd was taken by Messrs
TYLER, POINDEXrKK, KING, of Alabama,
and FREL1NGHUYSEN.
The auesttoit btHuron the engrossment of the
bill, Mr! SHEPLEY asked for the yeas and nays-,
which were ordeied, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bibb, Clay.Cuthbet-t. Ewir.g,
Goldsboreusli, Grundy, Kane, Kent, King of
Alabama, Linn, McLean,Mangum, Moore,Poin-
266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
dexter, Porter, Robbins, Smith, Southard, Tyler,
Waggaman, Webster, White—22.
NAYS—Messrs. BelK, Benton, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Pr^lmghuysen,
Hendricks, Hill, King of Georgia, Knight, Mor-
ris, Naudam, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Shep-
ley, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlinson,
Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to order the bill to be
engrossed.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
being the bill to repeal the act limiting the term
of certain officers, commonly called the four years'
law.
Mr. GRUNDY resumed and concluded his re-
marks in opposition to the bill, when
Mr. BIBB rose and.said, he did not intend to
enter into a debate on this question, but to bring
forward certain facts which the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy] had found con-
venient to pass over. The'Senate were aware
that by extracting certain passages and paragraphs,
facts might be made to appear far different from
what they really were. That honorable Senator
had, by reading sentences from the bill, and re-
ferring to former votes on the subject, ingeniously
attempteu to place gentlemen there in the pre-
dicament of having changed their opinions on this
subject. Mr. B. then went on to show, by read-
ing from documents, and to explain how the for-
mer bill on that subject had been disposed of, and
in such a way as he thought would exculpate Sena-
tors from the charge brought against them.
Mr. CLAYTON rose, he said, to correct the
statement made by the Senator from.Tennessee
[Mr. Gründy] with regard to the resolution call-
ing upon the President for his reasons for making
a removal in a certain instance. The honorable
Senator had mentioned that as the only instance of
the kind; but he believed there were many more.
Mr. C. then mentioned several other instances
where the Senate had called on the President for
his reasons. Among others he referred to the
proceedings with respect to the "Panama mis-
sion," and the case of the dismissal of certain
military officers, where the nominees had been re-
jected, not on account of any objection to them,
but because the Senate thought that others ought
to have the places.
Mr. C. had no doubt of the propriety of calling
upon the President for information with regard
* to dismissals. But the question before the Senate
was, not whether the President had the power of
removal, or not, but whether Congress had a right
to regulate that power by law or not. lie was
«ware that the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Ewinc] had placed the question on the ground of
the constitutionality of that power; and it might,
perhaps, be so nearly allied to this bill as to come
within the scope of discussion; but still that was
not the question to be decided by the Senate.
Mr. C. d,d not deny the right of removal; he
stood on the same ground as the decision of 1798.
In this, he differed with most of his political
fiiends. He also differed with the opposers of
the bill, inasmuch as he thought that the power
flawed, not from the general grant, that all ex-
ecutive power should be vested  in the President,
but in that part where it says the President shall
see the law executed; and hence it might be regu-
lated by law. Impeachment seemed to be the
only restraint on executive power contemplated
by the Constitution. And where that power was
exercised by.the President for self-aggrandizement
and political purposes, all would agree that be
ought to be impeached. But how was he to be
impeached?   That was a difficult question.
Mr. C. said the only control the Senate had over
the power of removal was the right of rejection.
And if a meritorious officer, who had discharged
his duty with fidelity ami good faith, should be
removed, the only remedy was to reject the parti-
san who might be nominated by the President to
fill his place; and this he would do, rejecting the
first, the second, third, and soon,od: infinitum.
Such was the maxim he had laid down as the rule
of his conduct, and without information he should
not know how to act. He thought the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy] had artfully at-
tempted to give the question a political cast.    He
deprecated such a course, and hoped the question
would not be decided by a party vote.
Mr. C. was anxious that the reasons of the Presi-
dent should be brought to light and spread before
the people. It was a favor that every dismissed
officer had a right to demand. The charges had
been made, and would be filed away in the re-
cesses of the Post Office or some other office.
The accused would be debarred from ever seeing
or knowing what they were, and some fifty years
afterwards, these charges, made against him by
a political enemy, and lodged on the records of some
department, might be brought forward against his
posterity. For such reasons he should vote for
the bill.
. Mr. CUTHBERT had the greatest respect for
the intelligence, learning, and moral qualities of
the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton.] He would appeal to him, what would be
the effect if the doctrine he had advocated should
be carried out, that of strenuously rejecting ail
appointments, if not made to suit his own notions?
He would ask the Senator if, in thus acting, he was
himself free entirely from party motives ? And if
the Senate acted from party motives, would it not
be impeachable as well as the President? What
would be the character, then, of the Senate? It
.vould be perpetually occupied in examining "rea-
sons and rejecting nominations. He would repeat,
what would be the character of the Senate?
Mr. CLAYTON replied briefly. The Senate
was not impeachable; but there is another remedy
provided to correct abuses in that body. But the
President was impeachable.
Mr. CUTHBERT replied in a few words;
when
Mr. POINDEXTER, rising, expressed an
intention, if the debate was to be continued, of
offering his views on the subject under consider-
ation.
The question was called for from different parts
of the House; but Mr. CALHOUN moved to
.adjourn; which was agreed to.
When the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, iltiriutri/19, 1835.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD rose, and stated that
his name had been inadvertently omitted in the
yeas and nays on the engrossment of the navy
pay bill. He had voted in the negative on that
question, and he moved that his vote be recorded;
which was agreed to.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHINN, on leave, presented resolutions
of the General Assembly of Virginia, on the sub-
ject of certain revolutionary claims; which were
laid on the table and directed to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of certain
Choctaw Indians; which was read twice and com-
muted.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill concerning the
orphans'court of the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia; which was read twice,
and, committed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was rejected:
Resolved, That this House vyll, on Monday
next, from and after the hour of twelve, proceed
to consider bills reported by the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to secure in perpetuity to
the Cherokee Indians residing east of the Missis-
sippi, a country west of that river; to extinguish
their rights of ownership in Georgia; to provide
for the removal of such as are desirous of emigra-
ting, and for other purposes; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. GILMER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making appropriations for holding
Indian treaties; which was read twice and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VANDERPOEL, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to incor-
porate the Alexandria Savings Society; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, reported a bill for the suppression
of lotteries, and the sale of lottery tickets, in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. P1NCKNEY, from a special committee,
reported a bill for the relief of ihe legal represent-
ative of Thomas W. Bacot, late of Charleston,
South Carolina, deceased; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. C. ALLAN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported, with an amendment, a bill from
the Senate, granting to the corporation of the
borough of Mackinaw a lot of ground for public
purposes. The amendment was adopted, and the
bill ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate for the relief of George Hurl-
but; which was committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to fix the number and
compensation of the officers of the customs, and
to alter certain collection districts; which was read
twice, committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and made the special
order of the day for Thursday next.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, two thou-
sand extra copies of the foregoing bill were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the same commit-
tee, reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate making an appropriation for certain
improvements at Mobile Point, and in Mobile bay;
which was committed.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representative of Captain John Wil-
son, deceased; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. MAY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon a
petition which had been referred to said committee.
Mr. KINNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, madean unfavorable report on
the petition of John M. S. McKnight, administra-
tor of Dr. Charles McKnigllt.
Mr. KINNARD, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
Marcus Brown.
Which reports were severally ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEVIER made an appeal to the House to
take up and order to a third reading several bills
which had some days previous passed through
committee relating to the Territories, and which
were of great importance to those concerned. He,
however, varied his motion, to allow Mr. Hawes
an opportunity of making a report from a com-
mittee.
WERT POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HAWES, from the select committee
raised on the subject, made a report, accompanied
by a bill to modify the system of military instruc-
tion in the West Point ^cademy; which was read
twice.
Mr. HAWES moved that thebill be committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that the bill, together with the report,
be printed.
Mr. DICKERSON called for the reading of the
bill; which being read,
Mr. D. rose and said, Mr. Speaker, I regret
that I am called upon to attempt to arrest the prog-
ress of the committee, and particularly át this
stage of their proceeding. But I consider it my
duty, now, here to object, not only to the printing
of this report, but to its reception in this House
as the report of the committee.
As to the duties and privileges of committees of
this House, I contend, in the first place, that it is
necessary that every member should be present,
or have an opportunity of being present, at the
meetings of the committee, and if they have not
that opportunity, no report can be made which
can with propriety be considered the report of
that committee.
1835.
THE •CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[The chairman of the committee [Mr Hawes}
here mquned whether the gentleman from New
Jersey intended to assert or insinuate that the
committee had not been properly summoned ]
Mr D proceeded 1 have no such intention,
but state the general proposition, and will let the
House undeistand the use I intend to make of a
betoie I ¿it down, and from the feelings of friend-
ship which Í have for the chairman and, indeed,
for all of the majouty of the committee, I have an
assurance that any remaiks which I may make
upon this subject will not be considered personal
or of an unfriendly character
I contend, further, that it is not only the privi-
lege of every member of a committee, but their
duty, to consult together and discuss the matters
submitted 10 their investigation     ThisiSan essen-
tial puviltge of each member, and the duty of
all     If, then, a majori'y of a committee should
deprive the minority of tnis puvilege, I insist that
any report which shou'd he made under the en -
cumstances could not be considered as the report
of the committee     In  this respect the report of
a committee  may justiy be compared with the |
report of arbitrators or referees, their report may
be valid and effec ual, if signed by a majority?!
but it is essent al  to  its validity that it be the
resu't or the consultation of the whole, although !
by the terms of the submission it be agreed that
the report of the majority shall be final and con- 1
elusive                                                                            I
In order to show the application of the pnnci
pies which 1 have submitted to the House, 1 will
now proceed to state the facts connected with the
case, and I take thiscourse, not fiom any personal
connderations, but because I believe that if the
leport be i eoeived and adopted as the report of a
commmee composed of a member from each State,
i' woi,ld have an effect prejudicial to the ms itu-
ti >n, and believ r,g as I do that the institution is
one which oujht not to be destioyed, 1 cannot
consent to any m-ssure which in my opinion will
have that tendency
l\ will be recollected by the House that this
commutee was oigamzed in the early part of the i
session Sooi afterwards they had a meeting
A mdjinty of the commi tee appeared, and I nave
n i doubt but that al! «ere íegularly summoned
Upor that occasion a sub committee of five was
appointed lo investigate certain points winch were
designated, and to make report thereon to the
mam committee 1 do not at this moment recol-
le t the exact woids of the resolution appointirg
that «u ) committee, but my impression was, and
r I is, that the duty assigned to that sub-com- |
mittee v as to leport the facts whicn weie desig
na ed 11 the resolution, and not to report argu
men s or contusions Ihe investigation of the
latís necessary to enable the comm ttee at large
todruv their cunclu i >ns, wasadu y which could
not % ell have been performed by the whole com-
mi tee, and therefore that duty was assigned to a
sub ( >r mit ee, by whom it could more conve-
niently be executed Another circumstance which
satisfies me that I am conect in my impressions
is to the duty of the sub committee is, that the
oi gmal resolution which was introduced before
the committee for the appointment of this sub-
c mi mil tee, authorized them 11 very teims to repot t
treir "opinion" upon thedifferent points of i íves-
tigation Tus featu e in the íesolution became
tlit sub|ect of dist ussion befoi e the committee, and
upon my motion die woid " opinion" w«s stricken
o ii ot the ltMilu i >n, ami,as I understood u,u, on
ttiee\|re a griund that the sub committee we>"e
11 re[ lit the f at onlv I would never have con-
sented to delegate the whole power of the com-
mi tee i v the s b commi'tee, hut was willing that
they should íeport the fads, in order that the
committee might discuss those ficts, and make
su h lomluiions, and report thereon, as the case
i light require About te i da/^ agí the commit-
tee viere again summoned to meet in the evening,
i pi i which oicasion i meteen of the committee
appeared 1 attended that meeting, expecting to
lieai a iepoit of ti e facts called foi by the resolu-
iion npnoiiitin.,' the s ib committee,and to proceed
to execute the duty assigned to us by this House,
by dis uBsing the matters refened to us, and
repoiung the result of our deliberations But
i steid of this a full report is made by the sub-
committee, ocl ipyiu¿ uioie than two hours in
267
reading, and containing facts, opinions, aigu-
ments, and conclusions, accompanied by the bill
which has just been read Ti e reading of this
report occupied the time until a late hour at night,
when it was adopted Yes, sir, this report of the
sub committee, which had occupied them most of
the session to make, and taken more than two
hours to read, ard embracing a great variety of
facts and of statistical tables, was adopted by
the committee by a vote of ten to nine, accoid
ing to my recollection? and that vote taken in
opposition to the wishes of the minority, v.ho
claimed the right before voting to examine the
report In this respect, I consider that injustice
has been done, and that the minority of that com-
mittee have been deprived of their rights No
opportunity was given for the examination or
discussion of the important measure under con-
sideration, and it places the report upon the same
ground that it would have stood, if the mmonty
of ihe commi tee had never been summoned to
attend Jhe meeting It is a me-e mockery to
summon a member of a committee to attend, if
he cannot have the opportunity,when assembled,
of executing, in a free, deliberate, and proper
manner, the duties which are assigned to him, by
his appointment
Mr  D  concluded by moving that the report
and bill be recommitted to the committee
Mr HAWES (thechairman of the select com-
mittee) said this was a most singular proceeding
He thought the House would be of the same '
opinion when the facts should be stated He
would ask if such was the sanctity of this institu-
tion that a committee of twenty four membeis,
selected from each State in the Union, were not at
liberty to make a leport in relation to it' It was
a pait of the Government, and was under the
control of Congress What do we see here' An
objection has been made at the very outset to a
report which he was bold to say would blow the
institution to atoms
In a few days alter the committee was appointed
he had called a meeting of the same     He had sent ,
a summons to every member of the committee,
and if they did not receive them he, at lea^-t, was
innocent    A majority attended the meeting     In !
consequence of the largeness of the committee, it
was deened expedient to appoint a sub committee
o* five,to collect facts and repoit to the committee
Could the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr Dick
ersov] expect tha'th sub committee would leport
the facts withoutexplaming ihem, that thev would
give figures without explaining them'   If he did,
he was a wisei man than he supposed him to be,
and he wou d admit that he was very wise
The sub committee, aftei a laborious investiga-
tion, announced to him (Mr 11 ) that they were
prepared to report He agiun called a meeting of
the committee The meeting took place Ihe
House met at eleven o 'clock ,Tand tor w ant of time
the committee adjiumed to meet at his room at
Crown's on the same evening Each member
was notified to attend A majori'y of the com
mittee accordingly met Thesub committee made
a report, whifh was read The bill was not read
because it was substantially set forth m the con-
clusion of the repoit A proposition was made
by the gentleman from Alabama [Mi LewisI that
the íeport of the sub committee be adopted aathe
report ofth  whole committee This proposition
was discussed fully and freely He recollected
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr Ashley]
mide two speeches, the gentleman from Ohio,
fVIr AiLE>.,]and the gentleman from Indiana,
I Vh H^wt-Gvi-,] also made speeches Indeed,
he uelieved that all the members present, except
the chairman, took part in the debate Tí e vote
was finally taken, and the leport and bill of the
subcommittee weie adopted—ayes 10, noes 8,
(one membei having left the room ) It was the
pnv lege of every member of a commi tee to be
present at its m etin?s, u they choose The chair
man had no authority to force their attendance
In this instance all were summoned, and nineteen
out of the twenty four att nded The minority
of the coTimutee asked that the report should not
be made forthwith The majority yielded to tn.s
íequest, and they were allowed one more day than
thev requned Under the instructions of the com-
mittee, he should heve reported on yesterday if he
had been pel muted by the House    The minority
had also requested the chairman to furnish them
with the report and doru.uents, foi the purpose,
as he understood, that a review of the repoit might
be prepared He declined furnishing ¡he leport,
buttendered the documents which formed its basis
in order that the minority might, if they thought
proper, draw up a counter report He was told
that a portion of the majority were in favor of
submitting the íeport to the minority, to which he
replied mat, under ihe cucumstances of the case,
he would take the responsibility of withholding it
The^ were ihe facts whicn preceded the report
which he had jjst made, and he would leave it to
the House to t.ay whethei or not the course pur-
sued by the gentleman fiom New Jersey [Mr
DicKER3oti] was not most extraordinary and un-
called for
When Mr HAWES concluded his remarks,
several gentlemen rose to addiess the House, but
further proceedings on the subject weie arrested
by a motion sulmmed by
Mi POLK, to proceed to the consideration of
the ordeis of the day, which was agreed to
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States, which was committed to a Commitlee of
the Whole o i the state of the Union, and directed
to be printed
Washington, February 18th, 1835.
To the House of Repiesenlataes
Since my message a ftw days ago relating lo
Choctaw reservations, othe. documents on the
same subject have been received fiom the locating
agent, which are mentioned in the accompanying
leportof the Secretary of Wai, and which 1 also
tiansmit heiewith for the information and consid-
eration of Coigiess
ANDREW JACKSON
REPORT FROM SECRFT.ARY OF TREASURY,
The SPEAKER also laid before the.House a
letter from tlie becretaiy i f the Treasury, enclos-
ing a statement of the contracts enteied into by
the department in the year 1814, pursuant to the
several acts of Congr ss, wmen was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed
deposite banks.                                      •
The bill to regulate the deposite of the public
moneys ot the United States in certain local banks
was taken up
The qifestion pending was the motion of Mr
Pllmmlk, to leconsidei the vote of the House
adopting tne loltowing ainei dment of Mr Bin vet
to the bill
S like out the second article of the section,and
in lieu theieof insert the follow  g
" To keep in us vaults an amount of specie
' which, together with the balance of all its accounts
' with specie pay ii, banks, shall be equal to cne-
'fi th of the amount ot its notes and bills in c r
'culation, and its public and private deposites "
At the end of tl «. louith ai ic'  of the second
section insert two addinonal articles as follows
" Ptflhly To do and perfuim the duties tf
'pension agent without any allowance or com-
'pei sation, exceot for the actual cost of books and
' stationery
" SixtlUy To pay interest quarterly into the
' Treasury, at the rateot ten pei cent pei annum,
1 on the aveiage balance of the public monejs on
( depo-ite, ovei and above a sum which shall be
'equal to five per centum of its capital actually
'paid in Piovvled, That no interest be pavabie
' when the said aver \ge quart ! ¡y balance does not
' exceed fifty thousand dollars "
Mr POLK (who «as entitled to thefiior) pro-
ceeded to sty that, under existing circumstances,
he should confine what he had to say within aa
brief a space as possible, and pioceed to show the
inexpediency of adopting the amendment in ques-
tion He remarl ed that he had the o her day
d monstrated to some extent that, if the construe
ticn of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr
Biwtv] were to be placed upon the amendment,
it would utteily destroy and break up the whole
system of employing local banks as fiscal agents
ot .he Government in every pait of the country,
except in the ¡aigei cities    In the cities the banks
268
THE CONGRESSIONAL (ÍLOBE.
February 19,
•were enabled to make daily (settlements, and strike
daily balances, but the country banks had no
such opportunity He -would put a stroi g case
The Choctaw lands were in market, and the de-
posite bank at Natchc* had necessatily, at occa
sion&l times, a large amount of the public money,
and the roc ivers being compelled to receive, not
specie, but notes of the Batik of the United States,
how wouid the deposite bank be able to answer
the call iequired by the above amendment? In
September last yecr, the amount of public de
posttes m that bank was half a million or«iore,
and in January of the present year, it was neaily
nine hundred thousand dollars Some of this
was in notes payable in Philadelphia, some in
Boston, New York, and other cities, and of all the
branches, perhaps, in the Union, for it was required
to receive them and what dm the amendment pro-
pose ' Why, that they should not crJunt anything
as specie tl at was not metallic It would be com-
pelled instantly to transmit to Boston, Savannah,
.New York, and other places, the notes payable
there, and receive their balances back to Natchez
This would take months in transmitting, besides
running a great risk in the double transportation
Nor was this all Dunng the time the deposite
bank was lying out of all this money she must
procure specie, at whatever cost, so as to keep up
the requisite proportion, although the deposites
were made in notes of the Bank of the United
States In other words, you would be requiring
the deposite bank to receive the paper of the Bank
ot the United States, and not specie, while, at the
same time, you would require that bank to answer
for the same notes in specie, losing the interest
upon and use of the money, by the time consumed
m procuring the balances and returns from the
Bank of the United States He affirmed that at
no period since the Bank of the United States
came into operation could the bank, or any one
of its brioches, have stood up under such a
restriction as that proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, nor was a provision of such a
character ever required before
Mi P had procured the several official returns
of the branches of the Bank of the United States,
which all showed that they could not ha\e existed
under such a restriction Take one, the branch
at Mobile On the 1st of A pul, 1833, before the
> public deposites were removed from the Bank of
the United States, it had of public and private
deposites, notes in circulation, &c , over and above
what was owing to the bank, $8,631 000 Now,
according to theamendment proposed, this branch
bank should have had #526 200, being one-fifth, so
fm from it, that it had only ¿136,000 in specie and
speciepaying banks The branch bank at Natchez,
at the same peiiod, had, of public and private
deposites, and notes in circulation, $1,531,000,
while of specie, and notes of specie paying banks,
it had only $76,000 to meet these liabilities, about
a twentieth, instead of a fifth This would be the
result of carrying out the punciple of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that it would be destruct
ive of the whole system of local depositories
Mr P would call upon all those gentlemen who
desired this system to be carried out, to examine
this point thoroughly, and they would see that if
this amendment was adopted, it would be imprac-
ticable, and would tend to dnve them out of the
public service, and thiow the public treasury
into the hands of receivers, or to compel the rees-
tabhshment of a national bank, a contingency
■which would inevitably follow The provision
was altogether a novel one, and had never been
imposed upon the Bank of the United States or
its branches It added no greater security for the
public moneys, it was no additional guarantee,
and the provisions of the bill offered sufficient
secunty Mi P here referred to several of them,
such as the limited powers with which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was clothed, &e
There was another view of the matter The
Bank of the United States was not compelled to
take the notes of every other bank unless she
chose to do so, while the deposite bank was com-
pelled to take hers, and to keep a proportionate
amount of specie for it also By the amendment
they would be compelled to inciease their specie,
as money might be paid in, and to hold it from
circulation, however necessary it might be
Mr P said, without intending any disrespect to
the honorable member fiom Pennsylvania, [Mi
Bivnet,] and without supposing any such inten-
tion could have been entertained by thatgentleman,
yet theconviction forced itself upon Mr P 'smind
that the source of the amendment had been pre-
pared by that portion of the intelligent men in this
country who were most desirous (h e would not say
from improper motives) for the establishment of a
national bank The effect of all the amendments,
if finally adopted by the House, would be to
embarrass those new fiscal agents of the govern-
ment, and to bring them at least into disrepute
No plan could have been devised more effectually
than these amendments Why should these de-
posite banks be required to do what had never
been done by the Bank of the United States or by
any othei bank' He alluded now particularly to
the requisition that a monthly publication of the
affairs of each deposi'e bank thioughout the coun-
try should be made in three newspapers in the
city of Washington, so that then condition might
be exposed to the Bank of the United States and
to other banks, whilst the condition of the Bank
of the United States,and all theother banks, would
be concealed By doing this, the Bank of the
United States would be enabled to select then
victim, and by means of its extensive changes and
m otner way3, concentrate its immense power to
crush one of those fiscal agents, and thus, by pro
ducinga temporary interruption tobusiness,embar-
lass the whole country We were at no loss to
know what would be the effect of public clamor
The experience of the past year, especially from
the temporary suspension of two or three banks in
this District, proved what might be done Mr
P bad no doubt that there were those who would
have íejoiced to have seen every institution of the
kind in the counti y stop specie payments, reckless
of the rum that might be brought about theieby
You would first require a certain pioportion of
specie to be kept in each bank upon the amount
of its deposites, at the same time paying in those
deposites, not in specie, but in paper of other
banks Not content with this, they must publish
in the newspapers a monthly expose of all their
affairs' Where was the necessity for this' Under
the bill returns were to be made to the Treasury,
and every guarantee had been thi own around trat
was considered forcible and practicable at the game
time
What was the next provision } The first was
that of requiring a certain amount of specie in
proportion to the liabilities The second was
that throwing open the condition of each bank
And the third was that the deposite banks should
pay interest on the pub! c money in their hands
Mr P would ask, had interest eser been required
of any depositery from the foundation of this Gov-
ernment up to the present time' It was scarcely
necessary to go mt^this branch of the argument
The subject was also amply discussed at the last
■session of Congress Whatduties had these fiscal
agents to perform ' They would have to perform
the duties of pension agent, without any allow
anee or compensation, except for (¿ie actual cost
of books and stationery They had to furnish
the Government with facilities in collecting, re-
ceiving, and disbursing the public money, and in
this way alone, he would venture to affirm, there
wo%ld be a gieat saving to the Government Be
sides, how could interest bechaiged for the use
of money, the amount of which was hable to such
fluctuation ai the public deposites Mr P felt no
hesitation, then, in saying that if you imposed
such haid terms upon these banks, you would be
duven to select those of a second rate character,
instead of the best, the mostsolvent,and the most
efficient He hoped and trusted that the plan for
the employment of these banks would not be so
crippled with regulations as to make it altogether
impracticable
The gentleman from Pennsylvania thought the
system must fail Pe mit him (Mr P ) to say
that if the bill should have thrown around it the
provisions proposed by that gentleman, in his
judgment, those institutions would be so tram
melled and fettered as to render it very difficult,
perhaps wholly impracticable, for many of them
to succeed They would th en have to resort eith er
to the scheme of the gentleman from Virgima or
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or be thrown
back again upon a national bank    Tha gentle-
man from Pennsylvania distinctly averred that
the system could not succeed, unless it shou'd
be conver'ed into a national bank, he also avowed
his hostility to this bill in any and -every form
or si ape in which it could be presente1, and he
informed the House at the outset that he intended
*o voteagamstit rhegemlemaii,a]so, furthertold
the House that if they passed the bill, the respon-
sibility wou'd be upon them, if they rejected it,
the responsibility would be elsewhere 1 he gen
lleman had predicted that the whole system must
fail, and that the scheme was altogether imp>-acii
cable Now, Mr P submitted to the gentleman
whether it was fair to that part of the House
who differed in opinion with himself, and who
thought it a practicable scheme, to embarrass that
scheme with these amendments, and strive to
render it wholly mopei itive' To put the pro¡ osed
piovision. into this bill, would, indeed, have this
effect
The gentleman from Pennsylvania further said,
that the success of theSti e banks as fiscal agents
of the Government, for the last six months, was
mainly to be attributed to the forbearance exer
jpised by the Bank of the United States during the
spring of 1834, and the effect of the panic For-
bearance of the Bank of the United States' Mr
P then knew not what forbearance was, but he
d d know that during the whole of last session
nothing was heard or seen but one general stream
of invective from the party sustaining the bank,
that that institution could not extend us accom-
modations, because, on account of the removal of
the deposites, they were compelled to make pro-
visions to pay off their own liabilities So far
from forbearing, we were again and again assuied
that the bank had been rendered powerless, and
could not relieve the country but as soon as Con-
gress adjourned wesawaconesponrtence between
the bank and a committee of merchants of New
York, in which the bank said, that as Congress
had adjourned without doing its duty, it would
then generously extend its loans Was the panic
got up by the friends of the State banks, or by
their opponents' By the fnends or enemies of
the bank' The whole country would give but
one response to this question
Mr P wished to set the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania right as to another fact The gentleman
had said that the effect of the panic had been to
dimmish the importation of foreign articles of
commerce, but he .must have overlooked the íe-
turnsfiom the Treasury Depaitment If he would
turn to them, he will see that, so far fiom our im-
portation trade having decreased, it had increased
to an amount of fourteen millions over any other
year
Mr B1NNEY explained He had referred to
the increase of importations in specie, and a dimi-
nution of other ameles
Mr POLK Still the Treasury returns showed
a great increase The argument of the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania, that the panic had produced
an influx of specie into the country, was falla-
cious It was true that more specie was im-
ported during the year 1834, but then the amoui t
of imports of goods, or general fabrics, had not
diminished, and this fact was borne out by official
statements The country, then, has been pros-
perous, but she is indebted for that pros] enty
neither to the bark nor to the panic, but to the
new impulses springing out of the employment of
State ban',s as fi cal agents of the Government,
to which the*bank and its friends had been the
most inveterate enemies, and did all in then
power to sweep them from the face of the earth
They have stood up against the power of tl at
institution, and the effe"ts of the panic also, and
have been, so fai, successful The gentleman
said that the parallel case of those banks, as for-
merly exis'ing, vi? between the years 1789 and
1816, during which they were constantly employed
as fiscal agents, and did not hold good, because
(said he) there was then as much specie in the
country as now, and moreover, that the calamity
of their inability came at last But the gentle-
man's argument did not hold good, for the coun-
try was then only just liberated from an expen
sive wai, Tiie cause of their fai'ure ought to be
ascribed to their having made their issues too
large, many of them, he believed, from patuolic
motives, and were not able to meet the sudden
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
call upon them We had, however, a guarantee
now, which did not exist then, and that was m
the regulation of the standard of our metallic cur-
rency, by which" it would be kept from exporta-
Mr P said he would now conclude with
hopin°- that the House would not so embarrass
and trammel the bill as, in the judgment of those
in favor of it, and of those who would be called
upon to execute it, to render it imp-acticable, and
thereby give the vantage ground to the Bank of
the Unifcd States He was anxious that the
pub'ic should be secured m every possible way,
but he could see no additional safeguards in the
propositions of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
One word in regard to these amendments He
did not know whether it was improper to allude
to what had occurred elsewhere, but this he might
say, that the proposition now moved by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was not heard of when
theoiiginal bill was discussed in the Committee
of Ways and Means The provision relative to
specie payments was inserted in the present bill,
though Mr P had deemed it unnecessary last
session, still he tnought it could do no harm Mr
P concluded, by trusting the House would aller
its dec ision by reconsidering its vote and rejecting
the ame dment                                                              I
Mi BINiS EY spoke at consid-rable length, in
íeply to the arguments of Mr Polk, and going
to show that the amendment introduced by him,
and proposed to be reconsidered, would be salu
tary in its tendency, and necessary in its operation
on the general influence of the bill It was not
unreasonable to require of each of the deposite
banks to retain within their vaults at least one-
fit h of the amount in «pecie of its circulation aid
dcpo«i'es He pursued his argument and reply
for upv ards of an hour, contending that the
amendment pioposed nothing but what the local
banks weie fully able to meet The converse of
this opinion must arise from a want of informa-
tion as to their real si uation, highly injurious to
t'iem                                                   ,   „                   ,
Mi CAMBRELENG followed He expressed
hi* satisfaction at hearing the opinion's from the
gentl man fiom Pennsylvaria, [Mr Bivney,] that
the State banks were in such high reputation He
believed t was the first time such an admission
had come fnoi that quarter of the House Mr C
t ic i proceeded to show his reasons for advocating
a recons deration of the amendment of tfce gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, among which was the
fact that the b ink had no effec ual control over the
public moneys deposited m their vaults which
we e lis e to be drtwn and transferred by the
Gove-nmenta any momert On the su ,ect of a
haid mo ey system he be'i-ved he would go as
fat ib nat gen leman He conclude!, by repeat-
,n r his convi-non tha' the reconsideration should
prev nl and th  amendment be exp mged
Mi vli-iv'NLLA then addies^ed the House at
len ih ip fa  n of a reconsideration of the amend-
ment He appealed to the House to decide now
whether th-y we-e prenareJ to sanction in this
bi a system which would mos> inevitably hive
bioken do n the o'd one, or to put upon these
insiitu 10 is such restrictions as none could-bear
Mr SC \ BORIS JONTES, of Geotgia, next. olv
tamed the fl i ir He «as opposed to many of the
amendme s that had been made to the bill in its
probeos tl ro igh the House, but «ft to this one
Mr   T   uladc J toa i amendment pioposed to the
I  i 1 b\ i inselt, lelsiive ■> the depositee from the
la lofil ts*hc'i he st II deemed highly essen-
tia' He proce led at length to exp'ain the rea
son which woul 1 impel him to oppose the motion
fo   rcron-ideratiAn
Mi   ElUnil \R0, -fter a few e<cnlanatory re-
mntl   , mo  -tl the   i evious question
Mi   V\\ DLRPOt1 L demanded a call of the
II  nise, in 1 on ti al qu-s ion  asked   foi   the yeas
h wnt ordered, and  token as fol
affirmative, one hundred and twenty-six members
voting for it—the noes were not counted.
The question on reconsidering the amendment
was then taken by yeas and nays, and decided in
the affirmative, as follows—yeas 119, nays 109
So the House agreed to reconsider the amend
ment
Mr. S JONES, of Georgia, then proposed his
amendment above-alluded to, as an amendment to
the one preceding
It was rejected without a division
Mr MILLER here moved the previous ques-
tion, which would be on the engrossment of the
bill
The motion was not seconded by the House,
there appearing 97 in the affirmative, and 116 in
the negative, being counted by tellers
Mr CLAY then moved an adjournment, which
prevailed—ayes 105, noes 48
And the House adjourned
HI
pud n iys   w 1 i
I™?—\ ens 1 ! 1   n&"V    r'1                        ,   ,
«i the'all  vis or bred, and proceede 1 in
all the m ml e.s «ere foil id to be  in attendance
(>   IX   id   n    m t)ncei UWIIM
O    m  . onofVr   1 CVRDSLLY,
iu   i iideJ                                                                 i .
The  q,e   ion.   " S1H1   the  mam  gestión be
no* |ut " *as then deeded by teUrs.m the
i until
C YRDSLLY, the call was
IN SENATE
Friday, February 20, 1835
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
acommumcation from theState Department, trans-
mitting an abstract of the number of seamen re-
gistered in each port of the United States, in the
year 1834, made m pursuance of the act of May,
1796, which, on motion of Mr S1LSBEE, was
ordered to be printed
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs  KANE and TIPTON
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mi WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill further to
suspend the operation of certain provisos of the
act to alter and amend the several acts imposing
duties on imports, approved July, 1832, reported
the same without amendment
Mr WEBSTER said, that the act of 1832, in
the 10th and 12th sections, provided that the col
lection of the duties on hardware, being impracti-
cable in some of its provisions, should be suspended
for a year, and in the mean time the Secietary of
the Treasury was to make examination into the
practicability of carrying it into effect Mr W
read a passage from the late report of the Secre-
taiy, to show that it was now expedient to con-
tinue to suspend the operation of these provisos
until the end of next session of Congress, which
this bill provided tie hoped, as it was necessary
the bill snould pass, that the Senate would take
it up and let it have its several readings at this
time
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
Mr WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill fiom the House for the
relief of Dominick Lynch, with an amendment
I Mi S1LSBEE, fiom the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to allow a drawback of du-
ties on imported hemp when manufactured into
cordage, whirih v/as read the first time and ordered
' to a second reading
i     Mr McKE\N, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported tne bill from the House granting
1 a pension to Jared Buckingham, without amena-
1 ment, but intimated that the Committee were ot
i opinion that the bill ought not to pass
'     Mr   PRENTISS, fiom the same committee,
repoited, without amendment, the bills from tne
House gr wting pensions to Daniel Page and Lar-
nard swallow
!     Mi  IQMLIJNSON, from the same committee,
i repoited the bills fiom the House granting pen
sions to Stephen Gatlin atil Petei Tnplett
RESOLUlKmS   SUBMITTED.
The fallowing resolutions were submitted
By Mr ROBINSON
Revived, That the Secretary of War be direct-
1 ed to cause a survey to be made of the route from
Vandalia, the s at of government of Illinois    o
I Lower Alton, on  the Mississippi  river,.for the
pu. pose ot asee, taming the eligibility of that roa.e
for the peimanent bction of the .u-ioml road
jWKd,TThJ°the Secretary of the Nvry be
requested to repo.t to the Senate the aggregate
number of midshipmen in the navy of the United
States, with the dates of warrants, appointments,
and a tabular statement showing the number ap-
pointed from each State and Territory, and from
the District of Columbia , and stating the number
that each State and Territory is entitled to under
existing laws of Congress and the regulations of
the Navy Department
CHARLES J. CATLETT.
Mr PRENTISS moved to reconsider the vote
of yesterday, by which the bill for the relief of
Charles J Catlett was negatived, on the question
of engrossment
On motion of Mr SHEPLEY, the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table
CIRCUIT COURT SYSTEM.
Mr   FRELINGHUYSEN   gave notice that
to morrow he would move to take up the bill to
extend the circuit court system
THE VETO POWER
On motion of Mr KENT, the Senate took up
for consideration, as in Committee of the Whole,
the joint resolution introduced by him, to amend
the Constitution relative to the veto power.
Mr KENT desired to occupy but a few mo-
ments of the time of the Senate on this subject.
He was at all times opposed to any hasty altera-
tions of the Constitution No man respected that
instrument more than himself, nor was any one
more inclined to cherish it, but while he enter-
tained these feelings, he regarded the liberties of
the country still more There was always ground
to fear, in disturbing the movements of the Gov-
ernment, lest we rush from one evil to another
and a greater The framers of the Constitution
were far from believing that time and experience
would not disclose latent defects in it—they there-
fore left it to future times to amend such defects
Look only to the prerogatives and claims of the
Executive at this day, and you will see that the
amendment proposed is the only remedy for this
evil
The veto power as exercised tends to unite the
legislative   and   executive powers,   than  which
nothing is more dangerous, and the concentration
of them in one hanu. is despotism, and leads to
oppression     This has been boldly held forth by
our patriotic ancestors, when they asserted that
the people alone could enact laws by which the
people  could  be  bound     This  provision was
designed only to prevent legislative encroachment
upon the executive authority, they never designed
it to operate upon matters involving no constitu-
tional objections   Thesedoctrmes we fird through-
out the  instrument,  particularly by that which
says the whole legislative power shall be vested
I in  Congress    It is  a  principle,  that the law-
making power should be vested in the representa-
I tives of the people, who are responsible for the
I proper performance of their duties   If this power
I ever pass from the people, it is easy to perceive
tne first step is to perpetuate this power,and every
¡ succeeding act would be one of encioaehment and
oppression   All legislative power being thus vested
m the two Houses, they, and they only, can malta
laws     It is manifest, therefore, that no Pres.dent
is justified in interfering with this power further
than to protect himself    It was intended not to
be active but defensive, and to guard against in-
adver ent legislation     The first practical exposi-
tion of this power wnl be found m a communica-
tion of Thomas Jefferson     The closing sentence
of this opinion of Mi   Jeflfcrson is, that where
the Piesident's opinion is equally balanced ajust
respect for the Legislature would incline him to
lean to their opimoi , and he acted upon tins prn -
ciple, never having vetoed a bill during his eight
vears'term     [Mr K he e read fiom Mr Madi-
son's writings upon the definition of a despotism,
and, also, from Blackstone's Commentaries rela-
tive to the English veto power, also, from Mr
Hamilton*!. Federalist, to show that the veto should
always be exercised with great caution ]    lftere
are many reasons why a King of England should
I have the power wh ch will not apply to a Presi
dent of the United States    The King is a neiedi-
| tary monarch, bound to see his subjects   rights
Weierved  unmolested     He convenes and  pio-
To"ues the Parliament, and notwithstanding the
power of an absolute negative, he has abstained
270                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______             February 20,
from its exercise since 1667, while in this country
the President, regardless ot public sentiment, has
exercised it till it has become an occurrence of
almost evei y day The President is only a ser-
vant of the people, like us Has no inviolability
of person, no prerogatives, or privileges, distinct
from any other citizen, but is liable to impeach-
ment like any other officer Here is a marked
distinction between the two Executives of Eng-
land and the United States. One advantage only
the veto power possesses, and which the pro-
posed amendment does not disturb It antici-
pates a reexamination of a measure whicff*has
been vetoed for the purpose of arresting any-
thing which may be prejudicial to the public
good But when the legislative power shall pass
a bill a third time after it has been rejected by
the Executive, Mi K said he could not con-
sent that the will of one man shall frustrate the
repeatedly expressed'will of thepeople. He heard
an experienced member of the other House say
that he believed the President had more power
than the King of Englai J, and he believed tliere
was much more to be feaied fiom encroachments
by the executive upon the legislative, than by the
legislative upon the executive power The shoit
periods for which the members of the Legislature
ate elected, literally prevents any eombtrations
against the Executive But the real chaiactei of
the Executive is unknown to the people, and his
will remains ¡n his single breast Here is the
weak point of 1 ""publican Governments Who, in
the history of the woild, have attempted to usurp
power' Has it ever been the legislative power5
All histoiy shows that it has always been the
chief executive who has acted against the liber-
ties of the i eople Was it Ca;sar or the Senate
whouttempted the liberties of Rome 5 It isurde-
ntable that there is a constant tendency in the ex-
ecutive power to contemn the law,and undeimine
the piovisions of law Tins pnnciple is to be
found in the writings of all the patiiots who wrote
prior to the adoption of the present Constitution
But how has the veto powei been exeicised here-
tofore5 In the commencement of the Govern-
.rnent, it was used to conect the eilects of hasty
and precipitate legislation, and of those acts which
are supposed to violate the Constitution As time
piogresses, we find it no longer confined to such
cases, but it assumes thepowei to act upon finance,
commerce,and in fact everything which affects the
interest of the people Twice or ly was it exeited
during the fust twenty years of the Government
Seven times within the fust live yeais of this
.Admimstiation, eiiioiaung vanous mteiests and
deeply inteie«tmg to the people We find the
executive will opf osed to the legislative will, anti-
cipating and controlling the acuon of Con/rcs,
and entering upon the initiating poweis of Con-
giess, proposing a law which they may register
and heappióve When these examples are before
us, what may not be appiehended in succeeding
ages5 The dangei consists, not in the possession
of powei, but in the illegal and impropei exeruse
of it.
Mr CLAY said that the gentleman from Maiy-
land had piesented a most interesting pioposition,
and he owed him his thanks for it, a3 well as foi
the deal mannei in which he had elucidated and
sustained it The su'ject (he said) was undoubt-
edly entitled to mature consideration, he was
inclined to support H, not only from a convction
of the necessity of entailing the enormity of ex-
ecutive power, but because fiom the practical exer-
cise of its effects, it had long since been felt m his
State But he legietted that it was so late in the
sesbion that it could not receive a delibeiate con
eideration lie thought a period might arttve
when we could do so But at present he would
move to lav the subject on the table, promising to
rail it up if an occasion should offer, duung tne
iesidue of the session
The motion was agreed to
BRANCHES OP   THE UMTED STATEb MINT.
On motion of Mr WAGG4MAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Comm ttee of the
Whole, the bill to establish branches of the United
States mint
Mi WAGGAMAN, in explanation of the ob*
joctsof the bill, said that when the mint was first
established, branches of the institution were con-
templated The importations of gold and silver
bullion into New Orleans is now three times as
great as it is in any other port of the United States,
and it is daily accumulating In the Globe of to-
day, there is a statement that, on the 26 h Janu-
uary last, there was, in two vessels, an importation
of upwards of half a million into the port of New
Oileans, fiom which it is obviously necessary to
establish a brancn of the mint there, to do away
the expense and risk of transportation of the bul-
lion to the mint at Philadelphia, which amounted
to no less than two and a half per cent But a
moie impressive argument (he said) was, that it
would have the effect of adding to the circulating
medium of the country some two and a half or
three millions of dollars The effects of this
would be felt throughout the whole West We
in the southwest laboi undei very great diffi-
culties for want of a specie currency The gieat
sales of the public lands have caused a corstant
flow of specie to the Atlantic States—and we have
now, m every State of the Union, batches of banks
which are deluging the country with a cuirency
I which is utterly useless to us, and which, by its
I continuance, will be productive of themost imnous
effects in the rise of property which it will pio-
duce As regards the blanches in the southern
country, the necessity of them must be obvious to
every gentleman In a very few years the mines
in that region will yield at least two millions, and
the risk oi transpoiting such an immense amount
of bullion to Philadelphia will present almost an
insurmountable barrier to sending it theie foi
coinage Mi.W declined saying tiny thing moie
until  he heard some objections to the bill, which
I he would undertake to answer, if there should be
any offered
Mr TALLMADGE then offered an amend-
ment to the first section, providing foi the estab-
lishment of a branch at New Yoik
Mr T said, thatif the system of branches was
to be adopted, the large amount of specie im-
poned into New Yoik, which was the great radi-
ating point for the internal commerce of the coun-
try, made it proper that there should be a branch
there
Mr. WAGGAMAN could not accept the amend
ment, because he did not think a blanch of the
mint necessary at New York     It was within six
hours of facile transpoitation to Philadelphia, and
ceitainly it was not immediately necessary
Mr CALHOUN hoped the gentleman from
New York would not pi ess his amendment    At
I piesent,a branch at New York wis not necessaiy
Heieafter, he proposed to extei d the system by
establishing branches at New York, Boston, Balti-
moie, and Charleston, the gieat importing points
of the count] y But at present he hoped the gen-
tleman would not cncnmbei this bill
Mr BENTON lose to say a single word He
bdonged to the committee which repoited this
bill He had looked over it with ananxions eye,
and found that it enteied into his views of lestor-
ing a metallic cuuency to the country He was
in favor'of establishing branches of the mint
wherevei they were necessary, and he was also
leady to appropnate money out of the Tieasury
to give a hard money curiency to the people of
the United States In Fiance, which embraces a
territory greatly less than that of the United States,
theie are ten branches of the mint, and in Mexico
theie exist seven In the United States, from the
peruhar configuration of the country, it might not
j be necessai y to have more than six or seven, but
it is of importance to the West that there should
. be one at New Oileans     On the Atlantic, there
' may be necessity foi more He was therefore
íeady to vote as much money as was necessary
] for this purpose Ata future day, he would be
willing to vote for a branch at New Yoik, but at
[ piesent the intendment proposed was only loading
| down the bill In No 44 of the Federalist, Mr
Madison enters into an exposition of the coming
I powei, and states, that as many local mints as may
be necessary to the wants of the eountrv may be
established Before the confederation, each State
had the oower of coining at its own mint, but the
! power has been sunendered, and as there is not
the facility in the Atlantic States to diffuse coin
through the West, it becomes themore necessary,
a single mint in Philadelphia partakes, in a gieat
i measuie, of the chaiacter of a local institution
I When Mr Hillhouse was a member of the Senate,
' many years ago, he actually mtioduced a resolu-
tion  foi the puipose of abolishing the mint  at
' Philadelphia, viewing it as a local institution
But happily the resolution did not pass. Mr B
said he apprehended it was a right of the people
oí the South and West to have branches of the
I mint, and he deemed it necessiry in order to pre-
vent the notes of the local banks fiom becoming
the cuuency of the Federal Government.    In 1789
I Congiess passed a revenue law, in which they
expressly required  that the  revenue  should be
' received and paid out in gold and silver only, and
he hoped to see the time when the Government
j would be restored to as good a condition as it was
at that time He would certainly vote for branches
wheiever they were necessary.
I     Mr TALLM ADGE remarked that, as honor-
I able gentlemen had intimated their intention to
carry out the system of branches at another time,
I he would withdraw the amendment.
I The Senate then pioceeded, on motion of Mr
WAGGAMAN, to fill up the blanks left in the
bill, as follows.
For the annual salary of the superintendent of
the mint at New Oileans...............$3 000
t     To thetie^surer......................2,000
|     To the chief coiner     ................2,000
j     To the assayer and refiner, each   ......2,000
|     To two clerks, each................1,700
To enty subordinate workmen were also author-
ized to be employed at that branch
Other blanks were fided as follows
For the branches in North Carolina and Georgia,
the superintendents, each...............$2 000
The chief coiners, each  ,............. 1,500
rhea¡>sayers,melteis,and refiners, each, 1,500
Two clerks, each....................1,000
Five subordinate workmen and servants to be
allowed at each branch
1 Mr KING, of Alabama, offered an amendment
requiring the appointment of the officers to be
made as soon as the necessary building shall be
eiected
I Mr CLAY said this bill was a measure of con-
siderable importance, and he had not information
sufficient on the subject to enable him to form
an opinion upon the pi opnety of its passage He
did not know whether the mint was or was not
sufficient to do the coinage of the country But
he thought, while we were discussing the danger
and ext#nt of executive patronage, we ought to
be cautious how we passed laws to increase it.
But he wanted to examine the subject—he knew
nothing at all about it—it was new, and he had
not reflected upon it, nor did he know anything
about the expense which would attend it He
therefore moved to lay the bill on the table, and
have it and the amendments printed Mr C, how-
ever, withdrew the motion at the request of some
gentlemen
I Mr CALHOUN thought the bill would be
extending the expense, but he put it to the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky, whether all our citizens
ou^ht not to be placed on a footing—they were
now  mcuirmg  a  loss of  more than the whole
I expense of these branches Aie not the people
of the South  entitled  to have the  benefits  and
' advantages of this Government equally with other
, citizens5
Mi PORTER opposed the motion—the effect
of laying the bill on the table would be, that it
would not be acted on m the House this session,
and the object would therefore be defeated—it was
of importance to the whole Union, and paiticu-
larly the western country
i Mr CLAY said, if we must go on and discuss
the bill, let us go at it      The annual expense of
I these establishments must be near half a million of
dollars, and the same in perpetuity, for it was
folly to suppose, if orce established, that they
would ever be discontinued     He wanted to look
l into this question, and see what the probable
importations of specie may reasonabl) be expected
to be     The late importations are known  to be
j very  extiaordmary, and   to have  ansen  from
i uncommon causes But he begged he might not
be driven into this question—he was not informed
i on the subject, and could not consent to let it go
on He therefoie renewed the motion to lay the
bill on the table
1-35.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   271
Mr. WAGGAMAN requested that the motion
mHit be withdrawn for a moment.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the motion. Let the
debate go on.
Mr. W. continued. The expense of these estab-
lishments would not be more than from thirty
to thirty-two thousand dollars a year at New
Orleans, and fifteen thousand dollars at each of
the other two places in the South. The mint (he
said) had paid nearly all its expenses out of the
half per cent, retained upon coinage. He hoped
the honorable member would not make any ob-
jection to the bill.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill was laid
on the table, and the amendments were ordered to
be printed.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The Senate resumed the bill to repeal the law
limiting the terms of certain officers, it being on
its final passage.
Mr. P01NDEXTER said that since this sub-
ject had leen under the consideration of the Sen-
ate, he had felt anxious to express his opinions
It opened  before  us the
Mr. C. said he had been unjustly dealt with"
He had been represented as saying that all the
officers of Government were the supple tools of
executive power. That was far from his meaning;
he believed there were many upright and con-
scientious officers. But his fears were for the
future; he had seen within a few years persons
of the noblest spirit and purest intentions, quail
before that magic influence, which has. power
over all, and before which the loftiest bow down.
Before it, Roman firmness had been broken; and
every manly virtue blasted beneath its withering
influence. 'And whoever contended for that power
upheld a mighty influence, which would swallow
up our free institutions.
There was (said Mr.C )an immense amount of
discretionary power, which must be vested some-
where, and he thought it should be intrusted with
Congress, as the immediate representatives of the
people. The President was sufficiently protected
by his negative over the laws of Congress. And
here he differed with his honorable friend from
Maryland  [Mr.  Kent]  in  regard  to the veto
upon  us principles.'    It opened  before  us the    power of the Executive.    He believed that power
whole theory of our Government.   But from re- ! ^s granted not ody as a protection aga.nst the
Let to the Senate, and a belief that it had been  i encroachments of Congress, but also to prevent
amply discussed to enable the people to understand  1^11 law* which might embarrass him in the per-
it, lie would not take up the time of the Senate by
entering far into the discussion.    He had wished
in particular to examine the doctrine of implied
powers.    He denied the whole theory altogether.
The executive (lowers of the President were de-
rived fiom legislative enactments.    There was no
such thing as  implied  powers in any branch of
the Government.    Where power  was given, it ¡
was expressly declared and specified in the Con- <
stitution.    There was another point he wished to ,
have discussed—that was the'power of impeach
ment—but he would forbear
formance of his duties.   The judicial department
i was  fortified  by its permanence and  tenure of
office.
í Mr. C. said that if they wished to have the
| public business transacted faithfully, the officer
1 should be made safe, as sure of his place as if it
1 were a freehold. Such should be the policy of
] the Government, unless they meant that offices
\ should be the spoils of victory, and be divided
like conquered lands in former times. Every
President ought to rejoice in the opportunity of
| i giving his reasons and explaining his conduct to
I! the people. •
Mr. C. weTit on to state, that the doctrines con-
! tained in the bill were precisely the same as those
I which had been advocated by the friends of this
Administration, and upon which it came into
■ power. He held the grounds of canvass sacred;
i pledges should be redeemed, and assurances given
i to the people be scrupulously fulfilled.
| Mr. C. said the Senator from New York [Mr.
I Wright] had attempted to show there was no
I danger from the multitude over which executive
I power was exercised.    He then went on to show
Mr. CALHOUN said the third section of the
bill, involving the question whether the power of
removal resided in the President by the Constitu-
tion or not, was one of no ordinary character.
Upon its decision momentous consequences de-
pended; he believed the future destinies of this
Government rested on that decision. But that
subject had been ably discussed by gentlemen
qualified for the task, and he would not occupy
the time of the Senate by repeating their argu-
ments.    He intended to confine himself to a single
point.                                                       ~„, j„:,v,., !| that there was danger—an irresistible influence
Mr.C said the power of removal existed either j               tfc           ^J div¡sion and subdivision of
as a power necessary and proper for carrying into , ■                        *     H      ferred t0 rotat,on in office;
effect the provisions of the Constitution, or as an    ™l.6lra.' a .                                          ....
express grant of that Constitution.    If it  was |
necessary for carrying into effect the Constitution, ¡
it was more properly a legislative than an execu-
tive power.                                  . .       .,„_„     ..
Mr. C. had relied on thedecision of L«9 as the
true and proper exposition of the Constitution,
until last winter, when his attention was particu-
larly called to the subject. He then took up the
subject and looked over the debate of that time.
He thought the arguments of the minority exhib-
ited a just view of the question and viere unan-
swerable. "                                                     , , .
Mr. C. said some Senators had grounded their
arguments on the supposition that this power was
contained in that general sweep, where all execu-
tive power is granted to the Piesident. Others
maintain that ft was an inherent power; but he
disagreed with both opinions. Mr. C. wished to
lurirto the practical operations and see how these
powers would work. Among so many construc-
tions theie could be no Government.
' he thought where the offices were filled by the
, people, rotation might be practised; but where
: they were filled by the will of a single man, it
tended to make slaves and supple tools of men.
I     The debate  was further continued  by Mr.
KANE and Mr. TALLMADGE, in opposition
; to the bill.
Mr. HILL said: Mr. President, it will be per-
¡ ceived that the principles of the bill which has
S passed the Senate, relating to appointments of
¡I postmasters, comes in direct conflict with the bill
I i under consideration. The Post Office bill assumes
il for the Senate the power of deciding on the ap-
!] pointment of all postmasters in those post offices
i Í the net proceeds of which amount to one thousaud |
li dollars annually;  and to make the power of the i
i i Senate felt in those appointments, it makes pro-1
i! vision that the postmaster shall continue in office
¡¡only four years!    This bill, changing the tenure ¡
i ¡by which  every considerable postmaster in the .
Every offi- '\ country shall hold his office, is recommende^ by
cer,  frou'rtíür'Piesident down to the constable,
must show some grant of power, either from the
Constitution   or  law.    Congress was  the  great
central  point where all power must receive its
sanction and direction, instead of being directed •
according to the views of separate and conflicting
departments.    If the different departments of the
Government should be placed hostile array against
each ether, it was easy to see which would prevail.
The President executed the laws, and was clothed ,
with their authority; he put all the machinery ot ,
Government in motion, and without him the laws .
were   poweiless;   the   judicial  department might ;
decide upon the propriety and application of the
laws, but the President must enforce their decís- ,
ions.   Hence it was easy to see which uepartment ¡
would prevail in the conflict.
¡rentlemen who are the strong friends of repealing ¡
, that law, which limits all other officers to a term ;
i of four years. So it appears, when the Senate is ¡
' arasping at more power for itself, it adopts a
I principle directly m the face of that which it
repudiates when it would deprive the President of
■ his constitutional power.
I      Some   persons,  for  a   few   years   past,   have
' seemed to manifest a longing desire that the ben-
i ate should have a hand in the management of the
executive departments beyond the power the feen-
, ate possesses as a coordinate branch of the Legis-
.! lature.  The new mo'de of appointment will enable
: them to punish those postmasters who shall have
the independence to express their opinions on any
matter which may be adverse to the opinions of a
majority of the members of the Senate—to pro-
scribe, " for opinion's sake," every man as a par-
tisan who shall have the hardihood to act with the
mass of the people, in any public meeting adopt-
ing resolutions that shall speak the language of
freemen in relation to the acta of every public
man, and every body of public men.
Did the Senate intend, by making every valua-
ble post office dependent on their will, to create a
new corps of "supple and subservient tools,"
such as the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clav]
described on Wednesday, as being first put to
" silence," and afterwards compelled to become
" neutrals" in politics. The Senator complained
of the postmasters in Ohio, who had the hardi-
hood to attend a political convention in that State.
Doubtless the Senator would like to lay his hands
on these offenders who have had the presumption
to act with others of their fellow-citizens, and
express their opinions in relation to public men;
and the bill of the Senate will give warning to all
postmasters not again to offend in like manner.
There seems to be a sort of hydrophobia dread
of removals from office whenever a certain party
is at the bottom of the wheel. The Senator from
Kentucky says the principle of dismissing men
from office is a new principle—that it commenced
about six years ago, when General Jackson first
came into office. So great has been the burden on
the mind of the Senator since that time, that he
may be readily excused for not recollecting what
took place during the Administration immediately
preceding that of General Jackson. Does he
remember that the editors of two principal Dem-
ocratic newspapers in Maine and New Hamp-
shire, which had " done the State some service"
while contending in a fearful minority during the
war with Great Britain, were proscribed because
they would not put on and wear the then execu-
tive collar ? Does he recollect the declaration then
made by a Secretary of State [Mr. Clay] relative
to one of those newspapers when the Represent-
atives of the State requested his reasons for pro-
scribing its editor, that he would " have no neu-
trals.'"' Does he remember that this Secretary
proceeded to make these removals, as was stated
at the time, even against the wishes, or without
consulting the Representatives of the people of '
those States?
The Senator has complimented the veteran
Gerry for his opposition to the doctrine of execu-
tive removals in the Congress of 1789. If he had
been conversant with Gerry's administration,
while at the head of the executive of Massachu-
setts, in 1810 and 1811, he would have seen that
he carried the doctrine of removals, in just retal-
iation of the universal proscription by the opposite
party, much farther than it ever has been carried
by President Jackson. The name of the revolu-
tionary patriot was made a by-word with the
aristocracy of Massachusetts, because he had the
independence to prefer his own political friends to
his political enemies, in his appointments to office.
He was even arrested for debt on the day of the
annual election, by his political enemies, to show
their spite for his fidelity to the Democratic party.
The Senator says the people of the West cannot
and will not submit to the turning out of officers;
and he seems to take it for granted that the pres-
ent Administration alone is guilty of the enormous
offence of preferring its friends to its enemies.
What has the Senator himself been doing for the
last six years ? Have not his nightly cogitations,
and his daily speeches, been directed to the busi-
ness of turning out the " hungry"and " haggard"
crew, who have obtained offices under General
Jackson ? Can any man believe the Senator would
have consented to the confirmation of any officer
differing in opinion with him, if he could, by with-
holding that consent, have forced the appointment
of one of his political friends?                             .
It would be difficult for any friend of the Admin-
istration in the Senate soon to forget the <■ armor
and the attitude" of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky during the session one year ago. 1 he
" Long and Hungry"* exultation at the old Han-
over election in Virginia, in which our friends were
turned out, and the Senator's friends were in the
full tide of success, had such an impression on my^
mind that I have been scarcely able to think o 
anything else than « Long and Hungry for office
every time I have cast my eye at the seat ot the
honorable Senator.   It was mQSt manifest, Mr.
272                  _____________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          February 20,
Piesident, that the punciptl p'easjie then ant'ci-
pated by the Senator and h¡¡> inendb was that of
turning every Jackson man out of office that could
be reached, euher by the executive, legislative, or
elective power The whOie business of the hon-
orable ¿enator foi yeais seems to have been,
eithei dnectly or mdnectly, to bring about that
state of things which should leave the coast clear,
to the turning out ot every political enemy, that
the Senator himself, and his fnends, might step
into their places
Speaking ot the labors of the Post Office Com-
rrutee at the last session, and in anticipation of
what they were to do in the recess, a Senator fiom
Massachusetts [Mr.Webster] then said " They
' have had a laborious winter, and are likely to hav e
'a laborious su nmer Let them go on fearlessly,
' and the country will appreciate their services Let
' them explore all the sources of corrupt patronage,
' let them bring all abuses into the broad light of
'day let them inquire into the nu nbei of removah
' of poilmaiteis, with the alleged canse of /emo-iaii, let I
' them inquiieat whose bidding honest and laitnful
' men have been removed to make way for parti-
'sans," &c
Well, the Senate's committee, sitting during
the recess, went into the department agieeably to
instructions, to make inquiiy of the abuses of
the removal of postmasters The P >8tmnster
Genera! did not acknowledge their authority to
catechise him as to the cause of lemovals And
It is my belief that the Senate alone has not the
power to go into any executive depaitment in
the recess, to call the executive to account for the
reasons why it removes or appoints its subordi-
nate agents
Removals fiom ofiVe, after all, have been the |
gieat and crying sm of the Post Office Depait-
ment  since Geneial Jackson  came  into  < (fice   i
From the opinions which have be«n advanced in
the Senate Chamber, we might suppose that after '
a man is once seated in office, he has a light to it |
for tue   it u veiy inconvenient for him to give it
up, since he depends upon it for a living   he has
made his airangements to keep it, and it will but
ilepuve his childien of bread to take fiom him his
office
I care not whence comes such a doe'rme,whether
from the North or South, the East or the West
I say no man is entitled to an office one moment
longer than he is useful in that oil! e, nor has he
the right to coinp'am if the powei which gave it,
at any time shall see fit to take it away W en
n mm accepts an office, he either consuleisita
matter of iavui to himself or favor to tie pu >hr
if it be a favor to himself, how are his lights
invaded by discontinuing that favor' If he ac-
cepts the office a' a peisonal siciifice, he ought to
be thanklul to Le relieved of the d ity
The doctrine that once in an offi e of emolu
ment gives "a man a claim to be always in i ffice,
will not stand alone if we wou'd see this Gov
ernment becoming one oí the most conupt on
earth, we should favor the appom ment of men to
office for life And this would hardly go far enough
for the poor children who would suffer if then
father was deprived of oilre during hi life, would
ceitatnly have stronger claims to the ■'ame offi-e
after the father was dead, when they were stih
more helpless
In the eldei Adams's time the Federalists ve>-y
■well understood the advantage of the influence and
emoluments of offi e In the Stateof New Hamp
shire, from 1797 to 1804, no man who did not sub-
scribe to thedoctrmes of tl e alien and "edition laws !
could even be appointed •> justice of th  peace In
1798 a Demociatic clergyman was tu ned out of
the office of chaplain, aftei aformaltiial befoiethe
Legislature, Lecaose he happened to omit naming
the President of the United States in his morning
prayer All the officers from high to low weie
iilled by friends to the Administration The ven
erable Whipple and Garunei, the one Collectoi
of Poitsmouth, and the othei Commissioner of
Loans for the State, who had been appointed, by
Wasnmg'on, were both dismisse' from office by
Adams, because their names weie not found upon
an adulatory address to the President which had
been circulated at Portsmouth
Mr. Jefferson came into the President's office in
* The name of a place in \ ■rgnia
1801, and what did he do'  Without assigning his j
reasons to the Sena'e, he remsta'ed his own politi  I
cal fnends, and he dismissed o heis who were his
political opponents     Wmpple and Gardner were
íeinstated in New Hampshire    D.d Mr J ffeison
place otl er than a political friend in any consider   I
able office'  Did he not remove officers in repeated
mstarces, for no other reason than that they weie
opposed to the principles which elevat d the repub-
lican paity and raised him to the Presidency'        I
Duting his adminis ration and the greater pait
of that of James Madison, Gideon Granger, of |
Connecticut, was the Postmaster General The
oost offices in 1800 were not more than one or
every ten at tins tune Yet, during those two Ad-
ministrations, in almost evei y considerable oihee a
change of pos ma3ter was made for no other reason
than that the incumbent was not fnendly to the
Admimstiation                                                             !
in the two only towns where I evei hied ,n
New Hampshire, changes .vere made of the pobt
master When but a boy of fifteen years of age,
n the year 1803, 1 well i ¡.collect the last mail bag
that was opei.ed by Doctor Samuel Curus, the
postmaster at Amherst llieold gentleman paited
with his ( ffice with Jieat reluctance, he had fought
hard agsn st Mi J'-fF rs ; i, a id he coa d no' but
consider it tair play that, inasmuch as Mi Jeffer
son had succeedtd, it was light that one of hib
fnends should fill the office of pobUmtbiei In the
other town (Coicord) G o go Hough, a vcteian
pimtei of a partisan r ewspantr tint had called
Mi JtlTerson as many hard nanes as ha\e been
applied to P evident Tackson,wis tnt postm istu
he was removed eaily in 18Ú1, and a D^u.ucratai d
friend to the Administration appo n'td in nis, pi ice
Tor more than twenty yeais this utideviaim ' old
Federalist was a tei wards my nughbot, always
mveteiate in his political hostility, butacoomi loca-
ting and kind in the way of business.. D < ing the
war 1 can scarcely doubt he would willingly have
hid me tried ind hung foi rejoicing at Ameiicui |
victories and urging the sons i f New llanpsl ne
to ente  the aimy Yet the old gentleman, in the
way of business, readily united with me in the
publication of a peiiodical woik containing the I
debites in Congress on both sides, aid public
documents, which weie then highly inteieating to
the people, two laige volumes of which wepnnied
without asking Congress to subscnoe foi them
To the day of his death, on all political questions,
he adheted lo the doctrines of the Aristocracy,
he piobabiy ncvei m his li'e gave his vote rr his
mil tence to piomote any" Democrat to office
Al hough apiolessing Christian of the pievailmg
secf, he once ded ned to me tl at it \\ js sufficient |
for him if a m m was a Fedeialist to have his
support, even though he was Algermé oí Turk m
his lehgion
These two cases are only sp cimensof the gen
eial tinning out of Federal postmasteis in New
England by Gideon Giangei      It was not then as I
it is now, there weie no charges exhibí ed against
the incumbent waitu ¿ f}>- ni swers and ex( lana
ttons      If the   Demouats  in any town were dis-
sa isfied with their postmastei, they wiote to the
Post msster Genet al,generally throu^l John Lang- I
don, the well known patriot of the Granite State,
and  the removal was as sme to take place as the i
day is to succeed the night
fhc removals undei tne administration of James
Madison were eten more decisive in their chuac-
ter than undei Thomas Jefferson     All the more
luciative postofiVes that Mi   Jeiferson had left in
the hands of the Fede alists were by Mr Madison i
changed  to othei  hands     in   B>ston, in Potts
muth, Newbury port, II irtfoid, Baltimoie,andall
other i laces where a change was desi-ed, changes
fir political lessons it once weie made   the most   |
ofthem under Mi Madison    Aid it is well known '.
that, for refusing to remove the  postmaster at I
Philadelphia for political reasons only, at the in-  |
stance and dnection  of the  President, Gideon h
Granger himself was turned  out of the office of
Postmester Geneial     Looking back to the admin
istiation of Mr   Madison, it must be recollected
that he  had  even  less affection foi his  political
opponents than almost any oth<"r President
It will thus be seen that the doctime of change
kfmd rotation in office is not new     The old Feder-
I ahsfs at first insisted that no Democrat was fit for  j
any office, and never suffered any to be appointed  '
while they had the power Tne Demiciats, as
was natural, when thty obtained the ascendency,
as a mattei of necessity, maje removals of their
udvtroaiieu, be* aase, as Mi J fferson then «aid,
" few died and none lesigned " From that day
to thi«, much the la gest siaie of peitnanent
o'^-es de¡ ending on exeoii'ive appoi itment, has
been held by the pai ty in this countiy adverse to
populai rights Thai pai y h is not sciupled, in
a'l instarces wheie they had the powei, to turn
out their adversanes Nor has it ceased to claim
thair tight to remain in office, when the taoles have
beei turned upon them On tne oí e hand, they
nevei cease to cry out "proscription for opinion s
sake," while, oh the other, their very cieed is based
on that spirit of peisecution which will toleiate in
offi e, or even in prosperous business, no man who
thinks difleiei tly horn themsehes
It is to old Virginia, to Jiffeison and Madison,
that we ait n delated foi the republ can example
of doing justice to oui own political fnends when
we aic i i ihe ascendency They were not quite
as magnanimous as Vngimans have on some occa-
sions Since been They did notthjnk it of so little
conseqaence what a man'¡> poli' cil opinions were,
1 as to elect men asmembeisof the Legislature, wl o
were decided political opponents, and thus give a
chaiactei to one biarch of her representation in
Congiess hostile to the prmc pies which she has
ever pioftssed
Aftei the examples of Jefferson and Madison,
sanctioned as they weie by the stiong public sen-
timent of ihe country, shoul i it be imputed to the
piesent Administiation as a crime, that it prefcis
itj fnenus to its enemies'   it was abundant'y evi-
dent, during the panic of last winter, that a laige
majority of the army of office holdeis in this Dis-
trict belonged to the Opposition     Men who h id
i been neutral before, viewing the triumph of the
bank, in Us. great contest for power, as certain,
i did not hebitate to come out     indted, at this mo-
, ment, the enemies of the Administration stand a
j much better chance for favor than its inendb, in
everything that depends on Congiess     All efficers
who want increased salaries, increased expendi-
tures, great appropriations, and great patronage,
all who want to pi ess doubtful claims, tó a favoia-
ble result, know very well on what side to look
for favors
As to removah of postmasters, I am of opinion
that ihe piesent Postmaster General has been in
I lult, and that fault is, that he has not, in some
places, made changes where he ought to have
made them Theieare counties in New England
with thuty, forty, fifty, and sixty post offices, and
scarcely a Demociatic postmaster among; them all
Perhaps not one in five of the post offices in some
of the New England States, is in the hands of a
friend of the Administration It is well known
that the Opposition party in New England not
only do not suffer fnejpds of the Administiation to
be appointed to any office, but that thty turn every
man out, whenevei they find a chance Wnen
were they ever known to elect a man to Congress,
or to any consideiable office, opposed to their
views' It is then general practice to exclude all,
from the highest to the lowest grade of office
Now, it might be supposed, that a party possess
ing all their pride and manly beanng, wou d
scarcely deign to be whining continually, because
when f hey are beaten in fair fight, they are obliged
to give place in the principal offices of trust to
those whom the people have declared better de-
serving of the public favor than themselves
In New Hampshire, Mi President, we repu-
diate the doctrine that men have life est ties in the
public offices With the Repub'it/ins of that State
generally, H has become a practice O send a man
to neither branch of the Legislature more tnan two
years in succesbion, to elect a man Governor not
more than three or four times, to choose a man
representative in Congress, not more than twice
or thuce at most, if he be distinguished, and I
hope to see the time arrive, when it shall be con
stdered a rule not to be deviated from, that no man
shall be recocted a Senator in Congress who has
served for the term of six years, until a term of
years shall have intervened
The extra vacant expenditures and abuses m this
Government will never be fully remedied until the
right of the people to instinct their Senators and
Representatives shall be acknowledged in piactic*
1-35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
as it is admitted in theory—until a swift responsi-
'-ilny, on the part of public servants to their em-
jlyyeiv, shall ii6 confessed—until rotation in office
shall be considered a cattiinal pu¿pt in the re-
publican creed. Scarcely any man can come here
four or six yeo.r.3 without being committed on
some oneof those precedents which are taken as the
ground of unnecessary expenditure: he has some
i'jiend who wants a claim allowed, or he comes
from a section of the country where a handsome
appropriation for the improvement of some river;
the building of some can ..I or road; the erection of
some breakwater or light-house; the fortification of
some harbor—will do miníente good to his friends
and neighbors. He goes for that claim or that ap-
propriation; and when he has gone for it, he is
bound in ell good conscience to go for almost any
thing that shall he proposed by any other member
who has been so disinterested as to vote for his
proposition, i am quite certain that it would be fur
the mteitst of every member of Congress to come
here with the expectation that ho shuh not, in any
, event, continué in the House of Representatives
over four years, and in the Senate beyond six
years, and that he shall retire at any moment the
t.ct símil be ascertained he is misrepiesentmg the
voice of a majority of his constituents. Sure Í am
that the public interest will be better subserved
under the adoption of such a rule, than by continu-
ing a man once chosen for life, under the repudi-
ated rule of a repudiated politician, that, the action
of " the representative ought not to be palsied by
the will of ins constituents." 1, however, am will-
ing that eiv.h. Stale should regulate its oivi prac-
tice m relation to rotation in office. The party
with whom I act in the State of New Hampshire
is adopting a rule which, while it makes office ac-
cessible to every man who will deserve it, preserves
the puiity and economy and simplicity of its ad-
ministration.
it would be more for the interest of the public
service at the seat of Government if a salutary
system of rotation in office should be adopted
throughout. Many of the evils which now exist
here would be remedied by a change of officers.
The idea of dependence on the emoluments of
offi'e, is degrading to a republican freeman; and
it has derailed many who have spent their whole
lives as derka in the Departments, and died leav-
ing destitute families. 1 would have no man ex-
pect that he is to remain in office doing servile
duty, or no duty, for life. Jf a law should pass
providing that a man should not continue in any
one public employment over twelve years—if one-
third ot' al! the incumbents in bureaus of this city
should be compelled to gt> out every four years,
leaving their places to be filled by persons who,
within the limits of the States, have inhaled the
air of freemen, and know how to procure a live-
lihood without being paid an office salary—we
should find a different slate of things in the public
ofiT.-t-s; we tdiould create a popularon at the seat
of Government bearing some affinity to that in-
domitable sp-nt. of our countrymen which best
proviJes for itstif on us own resources. Weak-
ness «nid pu-nUjiimitv may always be expected
in that child which is taught to believe that its
parent will furnish its sole aliment.
1 do not doubt the time will speedily arrive
when offices of profit, depending as well on ex-
ecutive appointment as on elections by the peo-
ple, will be changed from one to another, till it
(¡hall bicorne a matter of course that each individ-
ual shall strive to qualify himf elf to discbarge the
duties of any office to which he may be called.
] would even be willing to see the postmasters
changeii where an incumbent has enjoyed a lu-
rraiive place for yrnrs.and his more needy neigh-
bor, who was c.-)ii )i!v capable and worthy, was in
a situation to disohnVi'e the duties of the office as
veil, or betier, than he had done, i would be
gUd to vvK'ies.i such a change, even when all were
"f the p'iriy rViendly to the Administration. As 1
know there never could he a change against us m
the elecüon of a President when a general turn-out
of all our ft lends m office would not take place,
fo could Í not count on the value of that ad-
vire from any piofessed political friend who tells
us that we ought, when we succeed in an elec-
tion ourselves, to let our enemies remain in quiet
possesion of all the offices in our Government de-
pending on the executive will.
| Believing the tendency of the bill will be to give
i the incumbents in office a life estate in their re-
! spective offices—that it will create a corps of men
; having intereais and feelings adverse to the spiiit
■ of om- republican institutions, and to the interests
, and feelings of the great body of the people, 1 will
1 record my vote against it.
J Nevertheless, as the bill seems likely to pass
t tbisbody with my regative, 1 am anxious ¡tshould
< pass with at leastone fe itnre which.1 can approve,
i í therefore move that the bill be recommitted, with
I instructions that the committee report the follow-
j mg additional section:
:     "Sectk>h4 Jl<ul he it further enacted, That the
i ' proceedings of the Senate in relation to all nom-
;' ¡nations of public officers by the President shall
' be with open doors, and that each member may
i ' rise in his place and assign his reasons for or
'atrainstt he con firmationo/tneperson nominated."
The reason for the Senate acting in public on
, nominations is of much greater force than in favor
of ihe President assigning his reasons for ihe re-
moval of officers.    The President cannot lose his
individual character in that of his office.   His rea-
sons, which are written, must all be made public,
sooner or later. The indignation of the individual
reported against,and that of his fiiends, will break
on his head alone, inducing even personal attacks,
as we have seen in the case of a late dismissed
officer of the navy.   Not so the proceedings of
the Senate—the individual there is lost in the cor-
porate or collective character of the body.  Hence,
if there be any propriety in requiring the Pres-
dent to communicate his reasons for the removal
¡of an officer, there is a much stronger reason why
the action of the Senate on all nominations made
by the President should be in full view of the
peoole.
Mr. H. concluded by asking theyeas and nays
upon his motion; which were ordered.
Mr. BEN TON then moved that the Senate
adjourn; which was not agreed to.
Mr, BENTON then spoke for some time to show
that this bill, and that reported by the committee
in 1826, were not identical, and was desirous of
recommitting it to have alterations made, so as to
make it conform to that bill in all particulars.
Mr. HILL then withdrew his motion, in order
to enable Mr. Benton to move its recommitment,
with the instructions indicated by him.
Mr. CALHOUN compared the two bills for the
purpose of showing that they were now identically
the same, with the exception of one or two words
indicated by Mr. Benton.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed his willingness to
see the bill altered, so as to make it exactly like
the bill of 1826.
Mr. LEIGH made some remarks upon the re-
commitment.
Mr. CUTHBERT desired the commitment, as
the bill was now presented under a new aspect. I
He strongly resisted hurrying so important a bill |
through at the close of a session where there was ]
no exigency requiring it.
Mr. WHITE took the same view of this bill as I
of the one of 1826.                                                     !
The recommitment was agreed to; and the com- j
mittee having obtained leave to sitduringthe sitting j
of the Senate, withdrew, and after a few minutes ¡
returned, when                                                            i
1V3 r. CALHOUN reported the bill amended in j
conformity with the instructions.                             ',
The bill was then considered as in Committee i
of the Whole, and the amendments were con-
curred in; when it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HILL then renewed his motion to amend
the bill as before mentioned, and asked the yeas
and naya upon it; which were ordered.
Mr. POiNDEXTER opposed the motion as
going to change a rule of the Senate; to do this,
the proposition must lie on the table one day.
Mr, BUCHANAN expressed the hope that the
¿rentleman from New Hampshire would withdraw
his proposition. It was one which required con-
sideration, and it was now too late to give it that
attention which it required. He could not vote
for it on this account.
Mr. CALHOUN said the proposition goes to
establish rules for the Senate by law, when the
Constitution provides that each House shall make
its own rules for its own government.
The amendment was disagreed to by a vote of
yeas and nays—yeas 3, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hill, Kane, Linn—3.
KAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Benton, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Cuth-
bert, Ewing, Goklsborougo, Hendricks, Kent,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mc-
Kean, Manguro, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Bobbins, Robinson,
Ruggles,Shepley,Silsbee, Smith,Southard, Swift,
Talimadge, Tipton, Tomhnson, Tyler, Webster,
White, Wnght—40.
The bill was thtn ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and at six o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 20, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messis. BEATTY, LOYALL, VIN-
TON, POTl'S, and HANNEGAN.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY, the petition.of
Colonel Henry W. Francis, claiming pay for
horses stolen from his father in his lifetime, by the
Cherokee Indians, was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to.be printed.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY, the letter of the
Governor of Kentucky, and resolution of the Le-
gislature of that State in relation to the establish-
ment of a military school in said State, and a reso-
lution from the Legislature of said State in rela-
tion to the establishment of a national armory
therein, were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented sundry petitions
for the establishment of a post route from Michi-
gan City to Plymouth, in the State of Indiana;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS  FROM" COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported, with amendments,
the bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of James Latham, deceased; which were
concurred in, and the bill ordered to he read a
third time.
Mr. C. JOHNSON, from the same committee,
reported, with amendments, the bill to confirm
certain land claims in the southeastern district of
Louisiana; which were concurred in, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill authorizing the employ-
ment of additional clerks in some of the depart-
ments.of the Government; which was read twice
and commuted.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill authorizing1 the issuing of
letters patent to John Howard Kyan. on certain
conditions; which was read twice, and postponed
to Friday next.
Unfavorable reports, upon various petitions,
were made by Messrs. POSTER and TOMP-
KINS, from their respective committees.
Mr. C. ALLAN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported the following resolution; which
was rejected:
Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday, the
21st instant, from and after thehourofoneo 'clock,
p m., take up and consider bills relating to the
Territories.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, submitted the following resolution;
■which was agreed to:
fiesoítteií, That it is expedient that the Solicitor
of the Treasury stay ail further proceedings in the
suits now pending, and judgments obtained in the
circuit court of the United States for the north-
ern district of New York, against so many of the
persons referred to in bill No. 3G9, reported on the
ISth of March, 1834, as may apply to him for that
purpose, by themselves or attorney, until the close
of the next session of Congress: Provided, That
the endorsers, or securities, in those instances
where they exist, shall assent to the staying of
further proceedings in the cases in which they at e
concerned, by a writing, to be.lodged* with the
said Solicitor.
Mr. SEVIER asked the House to consider cer-
tain billa relative to the Territories, which had
been reported by a Committee of the Whole.
27 k
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20>
0 j ction beinj made, Mr Sj-vilr moved a
suspension of tl e iule, which was agreed to—
yeab 113, nay   27
BILLS, OUDfcRED TO  A THIRD READING        l
The foil >wng bills were then read a second time
and oideied to a thud leading
A bill mi ¡in* appirpnations for certain lm-
provroen s in the Teintory of Michigan,
A bill to provide foi opening certain roads in
the Territory of Aihmsas, and tor oth'r purposes,
A bill from the Senate making an aoprapuation
for couple mg certain loads m the Terntoiy of
Aikusas, and a bill f om die Senate to improve
the harboi of the river Raisin
KAIoROAD I IN   FLORIDA.
The bill ftom the Senate authoiizmg the con-
strue on ol a railioad upon the public land, li >m
lallahas'see to ¡St Mai lis, m Tlouda, was taken
up
¡several amendments having been disposed of,
tbequesmn iecunedu[on the amendment adopt
eif i l committee eiuuioiizing the construction < f a
lailroad upon the public lands in the Terntory ot
Mil hlgull
Mr WHITE sail that he understood the rai'
loid iiMi higan,provide I k rin the amend r>«nt,
wa" connected with the disputed bio dai) q e"
tion, he theielore hoped tne Delegue fr< m thit
IVrrit >ry would wit! thaw the ani'n I nent i id
attach it tool e of his own bill , is it won d be
c I ulateJ to embmaso the b 11 tn which his (M
W'i ) constituents were pn icaloly intei°siul
Mi   MCRCTR iem irked tint the adop ion of
the amei t itieiu would m ike the bill mc >n_i u  us,
ai it was not competent I >i the House to cht nge  |
tnet tie < f a bill fiom the Senate
M LAOV sn I he could see no force m theob |
jtctioiiuit • Delegate fro n f lorida Inebouiduiy
question had nothing todo with it lit undei atom
that the memheis tiom Om ) intended t> if 1st the
aniendroei 11 ecm e one en 1 ol tl e prop >sed i n I
touched upon i Utifu untiy claimed l>v ihe
3iute f Oini He thought an ol jection ot that
chii t t(i an ilhbeial one In oidci however ti
aw id a 1 ntr debate, and aicording t> a promise
whit h he had made to the D logue fi mi VI >rt<Ui,
pot to ihrow my em'nrnssment in the way t
the | issuge ot the bill, he would w thd aw the
ori'i'dtnei t                                                                    I
1 le bill was then ordeied to be lead a third timo
POST houi I   liir I
Mr CONNOR moved to su«| end til the pie
vioi soi lei of the day, foi the pur, ose of taking
up tin , I lepmeu fi n i'u ( mini tee on il o
1' ist t l.i aid P >si Ruds, csttblishing teitaiu
post rouus md a'aiit •> intl di < in ir u ng otheis
It nisi    |i ntttit thai tins bill si   uld be \ ted on
All Vu\ i ON hipef the gentium i i would isk
foi in evening session, loi the puipost of consul
en 14 this bill
M 1 C ONJNOItol |ccled to the s lg^estion, there
being usuo ly «o mu h contusion dun ig an even
in;    cssion
After some fui the* conversation between sevti 1
minies Mr Cov joit yicl led his ol potions,
an 1 ihc afteinooi ot Tuesday next, fiom six
o'ilotk, wi> setapait f)t the purpose of 1 o isid
ei.ng the foi eg ni.g bill
11 "twrssEF 1 ai\d bu 1
Mr   I'lJiNHPm  ved to sus end the 'ules of
the  Mouse, f 1  the pur 10 e of g >i i<* into dm
riittre of th° Whole House, on the  Tennessee
lar 1 b II
Mi D saitl he asked the in lulg nee of the
TI u"> to tate the si mum ot the |eisons 110
vided tor in said bill lhe citi/pns of eighteen
counties, and the fiauions of five others, were
directly imeieoted in the passage of this bill they
live on scrip" of vacant hnd They had been
for twelve yeats asl in<r Congress to provide some
mea is ft r them to oh pin a title to their homes
it had hithpito denied hem The members whose
constituents were d rettlj interested in the pas-
fage of [His bill had, dlu ng thela^t and present
se„sioi , conten'ed then-twelve0 to give silent votes
They had 1 ot ocr inted tl e attention of this Hou'e
with hn_ speeches Then f,reat anxiety to get J
this bill p tosed hid pievi ted them from occu  '
pying a portion of the time of the House in de-
bate     Then constituents hid a right to a portion
of the time of the House, for th  consideration of
their business   non  had been given them during
the last or p e^ent session      We have bee 1 assist
ing othei  gentlemen to get the business of their
constituents aUended to, now we a"k them to as
sist us       The provisions of the bi'l are such as
■ will give general satisfaction     He did not belteve
there could be any opposition to the same, and
that it would occupy but a short timeol the House
He asked it as a mattei of favor of the House to
take up this bill
Mr  CROCKETT wished to make a few ex
plinations on the setject of this bill
0  ijectton beingmat.     Mi   C   lesumed his seat
Tne question was th*>n tike 1 on Mi   Duvevr's
m 11 on 1 > suspend the 1 ules   w nch was neg itiveJ
—yeas 77, niys.V   two Jiuds being requned
THC   WTSlEttN   TERRITORY
Mi  GILML't moved to suspend all theprev ous
orden ot the day, fir the purpose of taking up
th  bi 1 cstubns nig the Western Terntoiy     Mi
G  hi submitting this mo ion,tu0ed theimpoitance
and ue ess ty ot s| "edy a ti  n ttj on this measure
Aft-r a tew remiiks by Me si     ASHLEY,
LOVC an I H   rVPRl rr, the latter gentl,euiit<
asked  th   yPcs ind  nays on  the  moti in  to s is
¡ en I tl p 1 lies   which were ordered, and were—
ye s 145   nay    >0
bo the House dc eimined to consider the bill
The [I )use ac   rdingly took ui  the bill to pio-
vide foi the esuoi «hment of the Western Tern
toy  an 1  fii  ihe secunty a id protection ol emi
giants, a id ot! ei Indian ti loes theiem
1  he 1 ill  had pished tlir>u„h the Oommit'ee of
' ihe Whole,who hidi°poited sundi y ainenilments
tl e-eto, and tne question was on agieei g to the
0 i.motion of Mi 10F1NQ, ADAVS, the bill
was lead at lei _th by the Cleik
¡bevti il veibal tinendmei is wereagieed to with-
out dis ussion
Mi HOilACL tVLRCIT enteied into a
lengthe ltd de.ence il the piovisions of tl e bill
He examined the lelitntis in which the Govern
ment of the Tinted btites. ' id placed itself by the
several tieaties mile fom time to time with the
In lian tn >e , and the relations 111 whion it stood
tow tids the luuiifi tubes, by the claims they had
up m th  Gnernnient of the United S ites, on
ee unit of those tieaiies Vinous en^a 'ements
h t1 Ijeen euteied into with th st tube , pioviding
foi t leir lemi val westof the Mississippi For the
ful ft nent of these engagements the taith if the
nation was pledged Among those engigements,
wis one 'uudiuyinj: to the Indi 11s the posses
si in if thei lai ds ^g unfet all hob dines whalevel,
whe her tric> n * horn ithei tribes 01 between
t1 en st Ives Tneye we e the two most impoitant
ei gi^pments, and it bt un° necessny to take
incisures foi the purpose of fit fi ling thobe obliga
11 >ns
Oiip great o jpet of the bill was to enalletbe
InJians ihiiiselv.s to make su h regulations
an 1; them elveb as shou! I, in a gieit measuie,
lelitve us fiom the burthen, so lai as we could
induce them to take Upon themselves theobligi
ions we hive assumed to defend themse ve fiom
f le ,,11 hostilities, md mimtain peaieaiuong tin 111
3 Kes ] ms could only be done by employing
s ich a militar) firce as that piovided I )r undei the
b 11 One woid as 10 the lelanons between the
bupinmeril of the II ltcd Sf ties and the State of
Gemela we hid bound ourselves to extinguish
tl e 11 11 tn tules to all the lands within the limits of
tnat S'n'e rnd that would be done if th s bill
p ssed, mil tin PTibarrassuij. question forever set
t'ed Mi L then ipfened to the Indian titles in
Alabama, 1 en lessee, Mississippi, &c , which be-
longed 10 tne llnited States, and which we should
then acq me The fi^st gieat ol jeet of the bill
wa  10 fulfil om obligatiors towards the Indians,
the next to redeem the faith we had pledged to
v aids the S ate of Georgia the thud to acqutie a
tei"ito y foi out selves m those States wherein the
Indian titles b-bnged exclusively to the Govern-
m nt of the Un ted States
The eieat question was, if the bi 1 vould effect
these objects First, with regaid to theCheiokees
in Georgia, it was a Leltel, well founded, that as
soon as the bill was passed, that tube would emi-
gra e, and one great end would be answeied, that
of disposing of thos  mtiicate aid embarrassing
questions, vI¿Kh had so long Leen asitated,not
only in the State of &eoi"ia, but also in other sec-
tions of the country     Mr  E  then enteied into a
review of tn° various sections of the bill senaUm
With regard to the nleged mdisposi ion of the In-
dians to e nigrate, Mr  E  sai J the committee had
satisfactory evidence befoie them that the tribes
were willing to do so, if then  territorial govern
nient could be e lsured     The committee had pro-
euied a translation of the bill, and submitted it to a
delegation in Washington, who expiessed them-
selves satisfied with   it      The object was 1 ot to
toice it upon the Indians, but to organize a plan,
and to provide an    ffi-er on the spot, who might
aid and assist m canying it into effect      Much
error  had  arisen   fiom   the   name   given to that
I ( fficc, from his being called Governor, instead of
! Superintendent, and it was thence imagined that
i it wa     he ol ject of the bill to foim an Indian
governmert    tint this was not so      The plan of
the council was tor the purpose of then forming a
confedeiation of the diffeient tnt es     Itvvas indis-
pensable that the presidios power should be some-
wheie,   it was   in   the   President  of the   United
States, who, as Com Hinder in Chief of ih  Aimy,
was lequned   to s°e the bill cairied   into effect,
which could only be ensured  by a military force,
and  the commander of that force would be ap-
pointed 111  the usual manner     Sufficient poweis
had   been   íeseived   to the United S ates, in the
provisions of the bill, between the different tribes
With legald  to a delegate, it was  absolutely
nece saiy that th  Indians should have one m that
House     What objection might be urged against
it he knew not, but if they were to examine the
sul ject minutely, the/ would find it exceedingly
difñeult to discovei   b) what authonty a delegate
from either of the Territories come theie      The
end of the committee had been to provide for every
thirg which could civilize the Indian tubes, and
no provision was thought moie conducive to that
end than the provisi >n authoi izmg a delegate to be
sent to Congiees     It would also be productive of
a great saving to the United States, and would
eventually do away with much of the expenses of
the Indian d partment
Mi   JOHííQ.  ADAMS legietted to see that
1 theie was an evident disposition on the part of the
House to piss this bill      It was a bill interfering
I with the laws of nations, and proposing the es-
j tabhshment of a despotism      Jt was a bill to liter
j the Cons ltu'ion of the United  States, and was
j contrai y to the second-section of that instrument
I lie asked tl e gentlcmai   who reported the bill,
, [Mi   Fvckett,)  to show him any artte'e of the
Constitution authoiizmg the establishment of an
Indian   leri'ory       This   land   wis  guarantied
I to the Indians, and what right  had  W£ to take
¡ upon ourselves to form  the Indians into an  inte-
¡ gial Dirt of Ihe United States'    Such an instance
■ was nevei known undei the Constit ttion      If you
! uid this, what could  prevent you   from  having a
negioterntoryinthe United States,and authorizing
it to send a delegate to C( ngressJ    W're gen le-
men preptieií foi   this'   lie believed not, but it
might come
,     It was also a bi'l to change the laws of nations
j The relations 1 1 whuh the United States existed
towaids the Indian , were relations un ¡ei the com-
mon compact of the law" of n itions     The Indians
j had retained  the | owei of self government     Vv e
had made "tieaties with them, and if we proposed
any such control over their   as that inttnded ly
the present bill, it could only be done by trcity
We were assuming more than we had a nsh' to,
m doing it by lejiis'ation, though he  vas not un-
I aware that an Indian treat/ was a mockery
It was a bill for the es a1 lishment of a despo-
tism It was in contra/ention of the laws of na-
I tions, and was therefoie despotic Under the
Constitution, every State must be republican, and
I the people were so punctilhous, that although
they reserved certain sovereign rights to the States,
they m°de it a fuidsment ' principle with them
ai!, that no government in th s Ui ion should be
established, other than republican If they did
so, the other States were bound to put it down
by foioe This bill was not republican at all, it
established a militaiy desDoti^n     To prote this
i-ys'y.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Mi A read the second md third sections of the
b |l,anl said it *as the very emente of despotism
He i lteiidt 1 to move t > stnke uut these two sec
lions lne J 1' ' a'-l undergo! e a c'ose and ngid
cxanii latí nits' se sion, and w as proved to be
oí the cru tattei he hail designated Mr A con
eluded by moving tj strike out thesecond section
of the bill
Mi LURUCS was al vays in favor of every-
thing that c mid be done to those wr c'ts of so
many mighty nations, but to see the lepreaent-
ativesof a great Repuulic sit ing there to make
la*¡> for pe pi" who were unrepresented, was one
of the greatest auomal es he could have conceived
It would be meffi acious If those people liad
asked loi it, and had requested the wise men of
this nan >n to make a code of laws for t íem, that
would I e u flertni, but they could not be coerced
by lu.vs made withou* then consent He should
siiniik fiom doing so with horror
lvli J3 oí poseo, particularly, the provision of
the bill piuviiiing toi a íeveision of the Indian
lands to I e Ll i <d t  a es, ano, said he could not
supwrt the I II We we e ,jla"ing these men
undei the power cf oui legislation, and men pro-
v din¿ for taking back tiitir ¡and  aga n In a
few y¡.r.>, (he said,; by dragoons and bayonets,
CI nstian loirthawKsund sealpi >j; knives not one
of the«e pooi fell )ws would exist on his land
Mr GILMER sail, if they intended to act
upjn ais bilí, it was impossible to go into the old
qjestion wi h toe Indians The claure referreu
u by the gen lemán I rom Rhode Island (Mr
Eurges] v as an i viCt transcript from the agiee
iient n jile wi li tie Intlnns themselves The
Jidians we e in a s'ate ot pupi ace, regarded as
unf t to g v iii t'ien se ves It was said mat the
er*i¡ loyi ici t of a im nary force made this a des-
j ot sm Was not he Lin ed Sta es a republican
Governnent, and w juld the gentleman from Mas-
sachu e ts re j«e to employ a military force to
cirryt eh'/ into execution \nd v hy should
not the Indian Council do the same The gentle
man himself jj o ice car lei it out to a greater
e\ ent Mr G contend"! that the bill was the
o 1/ ir-asure diat could b° devised to secure the
lud aiib'ngiUs, md vet tne bill was objected to by
the jjtntleman noil Rhode Island on that very
g ( und
Mr BLR.OC3 exp'amed Fie wished their
rights to be ^ecuied by treaty
\li GILMER leoumed With regard to the
motion to str ke ou' the se onu section he would
ob-er\e thet tne word terr tor\ was used, not m
the se s<_ of i ¿ove i meit, but rs a terntoiy or
tract oi ciun'rv Mi G would have no OJjee
tun to si ike out all tn-t part relating to territory,
and inseit some otlier woids, and also insert a
piov oí n 11 íeserve t > the Inmens the same right
to ti e iat do tl ey hi' now The word territory
Was urn J ictd bv the comrrit'ee in compliance
with the w sh of the Indians themselves- Mr G
tnrved' lis rt ' lands within," so is to read,
' iai db v h n si d terntoiy,"and gave notice of
another im°ndnient cc nneoted with the piovision
f-ir a Del   'ate to Confess
Mi    VR.CIII R ieg,etted the apathy and mdif-
feienc  with  vvhrh  this  sub|ect was  regaided
He ri i ende 1 that the  bill  under consideration
w is '< i ti e es allishinert of a foreign confedera-
c\   that i  lib   become is great as our own    We
hud as m-eh r ¿nt to go abroad and  mcoiporate
a g ive-i menf   'a foie.ni land     We had  tern
tone   ni      '  it of vl at are they composed '   Of
citizens o file Ijnited S-'a'ei     It h d bet i said
th y were in a     He of pumhge     Who governed
the n       Who  appointed  the meetings of their
i o it ci<-!    1) 1 ,i i   tveiv one know that the agent
of ttit L mi d plaits c( ul 1 g >vem these Indians
by the n (1 le wcfvlii kv and presents '    Whe i
the e ¡ re e  t   I iú not pn ved   uíhuent, .vhatnad
p  ved   r       1   roe '    I   this seem ing to the poor
It di\n a "-lvernrnent of h s own'   The remedy
proiT)<!« I grew nut of those very acts of oppres
sol     Mi    A    i ontende I that the proposed gov-
e nme     vv   i Id It  a de p'ai^m—a militirvsov
tn n   n   n  it,  vvor t in m      He had a teelmg
win  li  I > would  novei     urrendei, w Inch woulu
í i v  y, impel h in to drcountenance any govern
ileum this com tiy compos d of people of any
cither c lor tin   ]ii„owii     Hitic was even now
a proposition existing to form a government of
blacks ou our borders There was one already
established in Canada, formed of the negroes flora
our own terntoiy, and occupying one of the most
fertile sections of the country He asked, what
wou d be the relation of this government to our-
i selves' It would beajnootnee Weiewedead
to the warnings of history' What finally sub-
jugated Rome' Her provinces The terntoiy
m contemplation, (though it did not deserve the
name of territory, and he would not call it such )
would  make a parallel with tallen Rome     Our
governor or supetmtendent would reeemble her
proconsuls He hoped the members of that
House would pause before they recognised the
p.maples sanctioned in the bill, and he expressed
himself opposed to it in every form
Mr   HARDIN began by an examination of the
claims of Georgia on the United States Govern-
ment in reference to the Indian titles to lands m
the Cnerokee country, &c , and maintained that
we were bound to filfil the engagen erts we had
made with Georgia for extingu slung those claims
It was the policy of the United States to give
them sucn a foim of goveinment as should induce
treaties with all the Indian tlioes, and make all
those tubes the true friends of the Um ed States
Such was the ob]ect of the bill     Notwithstanding
the profound respect wh ch he entertained for the
opinions  of the gefitlemen  from  Massachusetts
and Vnginia [Messrs  Adavis and Archer] on
constitutional law, he could not see the suljeci in
the same light in which they appeared to view it
Mr   H   then refei red to the act admitting the Ter    I
r'tory of Louisiana into the Government as aTer   I
tuory, foi  which the gentlenan from Mis«achu   l|
setts voted, and which was similar <n many of its i
provisions to the piesent oi e    The officers ofi
that Terntoiy were appointed by the President, I
and where was then the cry of despotism'   A id
lie would ask them wnere was the constitutional ¡
objection to this bill'   Military force was author-  ¡
ized m  the mcoiporation of Louisiana into the
Government     Why then object to i' here, where
tne Indians themselves were allow J a commind
ing voice in  its exercise'   He cou'd see no des
puiism m the matter    The opposition to the bill |
reminded him of the tuck of lawyers so often
lesorted to to sustain a bad cause                             I
1     Mr   H   said he would be happy to see a dele- I'
gate from that abused race upon this floor, and
he doubted not that nine times out often he would !
go with him     Give these tribes a government,
and a standing among nations     What more de   .1
graded the othei wise ran character of our country,
than the fate of this almost extinct race     The rem
rant of tnem left on this side of tne setting sun,
was a ¡eproach to Spain and to Europe     Whit
could mo e contribute to our glorv, than to be the
instruments of maKing a renaration, so long due,
to an injured—a persecu'ed race'    Mi  H alluded
to  the ndirect and inefficient attempts that had
.been made to civilize the Inuians, by sending mis
sionanes among them, cLc , but he would say, I
give them a government, give them property, give
them laws and hteratuie, and everything would I
follow They would then become Christians like
ourselves We owed it to Georgia to do it We
owed it to ourselves, and to our God, and he
never, in his life, voted more cheerfully for any
I bill than he should for the present     He had no
such fears as those dieaded by thetso gentlemen
who had  addiessed  the  House  that  morning   j
Wait till the time comes and then meet the contin-
gency     He hoped the bill would pass
Mi VIN TON sa d this discussion was unex-
pected to him It was a solemn subject, and he
feared the chaiactei of the bill was not piopeily
imdeistood by the House If the country was
charged with any violation of public faith, whiJi
boie with pai lcular force upon its na ioni.1 char
acter, it was this of its obligations to, and contract j
with, the aborigines The termor} included in
the bill ex ended over an immense poition of our
continent—bounded on one side by the twenty-
ninth degree of noith latitude, and extending over
thiileen degiees of longitude Heooi eutred wi'h
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adims,]
that the government pioposed for this territory
was a despotisn—a military govemme it in em-
bijo
How was this territory to be governed > By a
governor and a council consisting of twenty-four
chiefs, whoweie" to be elected or seiecíeá " What
selected meant, he knew not Then it wag eon-
fined to chiefs, no othei Indian thanachief. Then
the Governor had many despotic powers. Mr
V recited the various piovisionsof the bill setting
foilh the same
Mi CLAYTON rose and iequested the Chair
to call the House to order, as the stir was so great
that, though sitting near the gentleman, he was
himself unable to hear him distinctly
Mr HUBBARD said as there was a great ex
citement pi evading m consequence of the import
ant news that had arrived, he moved that th«
House adjourn     Negatived
Mr VINTON resumed He was opposed to
the bill, becaus , in the first place, it was uncon-
stitutional, and secondly.it was anti-republican
If it was intended to foim a civil government, lie
was for the employment of civil officers only If,
howevei, the bill should be adopted, he should
move to lestnct the limits of the territory within
a smiller compass, so that it should not be larger
than one, or two, at the utmost, of the Western
Slaves
Mi CLAYTON reviewed the objections to the
bill Those of the gentleman fiom Massachusetts
[Mr Adams] were three, first, that it violated the
Gonstituuon, second, that it violated national law,
thud, that u would establish a despotism The
objection of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr
Archer] was that we were about to create a dan-
gerous confederacy, and those of the gentleman
fiom 0 no [Mi "Vinton] that the territory would
be too laige Mr C maintained that these objec-
tions were more imaginary than real He took
them up and answered them sei lalim He thought
that the General Government had the same power
over its own Territories that a State government
had over the teiruory within its own limits
They both had the light to impose what conditions
thev thought necessaiv for the legulations of the
people residing within the temtory Nor could
you stop after naving once assumed the ngi t
fhe United States Governn ent had done it in
various ways, and they had the same power to
extend their regulations as far as it deemed ex-
pedient Mi G then gave a historical outline
of the incidents ard events that had occuired be-
tween the State of Georgia and the Cherokee
Indians in that State, ¡.rid advocated the bill at
considerable length
He concluded by insisting that it was not the
object of the bill to establish a new territory or a
new government It was to secure a home to the
Indian tribes of the country &uch was the wish
antfteehng of the State of Geoigia, and, he trusted,
such would piove to be the feeling of this House
anu of this country Where, he asked, was the
evidence of all that l erevolence so often manifested
in this House' Now was the time to exert it
Now it could be plainly evinced by the passage of
this bill
Mi ADAMS rose to correct some statements
of the gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr Huu>iM]in
íelation to the vote he gave on the admission of
the Territory of Louisiana into this Goveinment
He quoted from the Journals of the House from
1804 to 1806, (which he held in his hand,) to
prove that the course he pursued on that occasion
was directly the reverse of that attributed to him
He made a wide distinction between that case,
however, and the present This was for the ad-
mission into our Union of another race of beings,
and not the admission of white men belonging to
a foteign government
Mr FILLMORE pioposed an amendment to
the bill, which was decided then tobe out of order,
but at the solicitation of Mr T the amendment
was read Mr F was induced to offer his amend-
ment (he said) to apply particulaily to those tribes
of Indians residing in New York
This amendment not being considered m order
by the Chair,
Ml GILMER obtained leave to make some
explanatory remarks app icable to the subject to
which the amendment of Mr  P  alluded
On motion of Mi  JONES, of Georgia,
The House then adjourned
276                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         February 21,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Februmy 21, 1835.
The ViCE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, made in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate, transmitting the information called for
relative to obstructions in the Potomac river, be-
tween Washington and Georgetown
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting the information called toi by a
lesoluuon of the Senate, relative to a survey at the
mouth of St Joseph's nver.
NON-INTERCOURSE WITH PRANCE.
Mr. SILSBEE presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Beverly, Massachusetts,
praying the passage of a non-mtercouise law with
Ft anee.
After some remarks from Messrs. S1LSBEE,
CALHOUN, KING of Alabama, BROWN,
GOLDSBOROÜGH, POINDLXTER, LEIGH,
HEN TON, WEBSTER, and BUCHANAN, the
memorial was laid on the table, and ordered to be
punted.
FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The bill to repeal the two first sections of the
act limiting the term of tertain office!s, commonly
tailed the toui year law, came up on us final pas-
sage, when ¡Vlr. EVViNG demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and the bill was passed
—yeas 31, nays 16, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benton, Bibb, Blade,
Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Fielmghuysen,
Goldsboiough, Kent, King of Georgia, Leigh,
McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudam, Poindextei,
Porter, Prentiss, Pieston, Robbms, Silabee, Smith,
Soutbaid, Swift, Tomhnson, Tylei, Waggaman,
Webster, White—31
NAYS—Messrs Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Hendricks, lid!, Kane, King of Alabama, Knight,
Linn, Morris, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tall-
madge, Tipton, Wnght—16                                   
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were also read a third time
and pasted:
fhe bill further to suspend the operation of
certain piovisos of the "Act to alter and amend
the several acts imposing duties on impoits,"
parsed in July, 1332
The bill for the ielief of David Beard,
The supplement to the act gianting a township
of land to certain exiles fiom Polind;
The bill foi the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay, and
The bill for the definmon and punibhment of
offences against the United Suites
REPORTS I ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEDsTEK, from the Committee on Fi-
nalice, made an unfavoiable repoiton the petition
of Matthias Brnmen.
Mr ¡SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Afíai-s, leported the bill fiom the House
l emulating the pay of the office.s of the navy of
the United SU'es
Mi TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, leported the bill fiom the Housegrant-
ing a pension to Joseph Gilbeit
Also, the bid giantmg a pension to John Gero-
delle.
A'oO, the bill granting a pension to Luke Voo-
h s.p, wiih an ilium itui) that he should, when it
rami up belore iht Senate, move foi Its indefinite
postponement
AIjo, a bill granting a pension to Col Gideon
Moigan, with an amendment
Al o, a bill to increace the pension of Ongen
Eaton, with an amendment
Mr PRENTISS, from the same coram t ee,
repotted a bill for the ielief of J >hn Ashton. Also,
ix bill foi the relief of Thomas Morton.
Mr. IIOBBINS, fiom the Committee on the
Library, reported a lesolution requiring the Sec-
letary of State to cause to be compiled and prilled
a list of the officeis of Government
BRANCHES Oí IHE UM1TD STATES MINT.
On motion of Mr WAGGAMAN, the Senate
resumed, as m Committee of the Whole, the bill
to establish branches of the mmt of the United
States
After some remarks from Mr. Brown,
Mr. CLAY reiteiated his opposition to the bill,
fend contended that the mint at Philadelphia was
fully competent to do all the coinage which the
country lequned He denied the correctness of
the argument that the mint at New Orleans was
necessary to pi event the transportat'on of the
bulliop to Philadelphia It would find its way to
the great commercial marts of the counti / at all
events, whether coined or not—he considered it,
therefore, unwise and injudicious to establish these
blanches. He supposed it wouldgratifythepnde
of the Spates of Noith Carolina and Geoigia, to
have them there wheie they might conveniently
go and get out the precious metals, but when the
objections to the measure were so strong, he could
not consent to yield his opposition to it.
Mr C. moved the indefinite postponement of
the bill, and asked the yeas and nays upon the
motion, which were ordeied
Mi MANGUM regretted that the gentleman
had not all the information which was necessary
to enable him to understand this subject, if he had,
Mr. M. thoughthe would not oppose the bill He
thought the necessity to multiply the numbei of
American coins was manifest, and the actual loss
of tianspoiting the bullion and foreign coins to
Philadelphia foi coinage was about three and
three quaiteis pel cenl , a loss which must retard
the increase of the coinage With respect to grati
fymg the pride of the southern Slates, he would
tell the gentleman they had none to gratify The
actual loss in thegoid region of Geoigia and North
Carolina far exceeds the expense of all the neces
sary bu.ldmgs for these establishments He saw
no evil in the multiplication of these mints It
was well said by the gentleman from Missouti,
when the bill was up hefoie, thatm thecommenta-
nes upon the Constitution it was understood that
blanches of the mint might be multiplied He
was willing to establish branches wherevei the
natii'al advantages of the country lequned it.
Mr. PREL1NGIIUYSEN thought the object
of having a mint was mistaken, when he heard
gentlemen say that there weie great quantities of
gold in the southern quarter of the country, and
asked the Government to establish mints th refoi
their accommodation The mint was established
for the accommodation of the Governme.it, and he
thought the present one sufficient Why put an
additional burden on the Government because the
people in that section have been so foi túnate as to
find gold in abundance' The plain answei is, if
you have found gold, you ought to be the last to
ask the aid of the Government in transpouing it
to Philadelphia The manufactuiei asks no aid
in transpottmg his produc'ions to maiket, and
how is the case of the gold diggei any strongei ?
pie wished gentlemen to answei this objection*     I
Mi   BROWN said the genileman fiom New
Jersey asked why we app'y to Congiess to relieve
j   us fiom the burthen of transpoi ting oui bullion to
be coined, when the munuiuctuieis of the North
did not ask to be paid for transpoi ting their mate *
na!    Mi   ÍJ  said it was true they have notapphed
for this assistance, but they have applied for that j
which is much more substantial—protection    The i
people of tne South ask no protection—they rely
on their own exertions—they ask huta simpleact (
of justice, which is extended to other parts of the I
Union—they ask for their lights, under the regu-
lation of Congress—the light to coin money   But
the gentleman fiom Kentucky sa} s that thcien
no expense imposed upon the South by way of
ttansporting then bullion, that the burthen would
be the same as if it was coined there     TheremaiK
of the genl'eman  is founded in misnlte     What
are the facts'   Can ihe bullion of North Carolina
be circulated as a cticuiating  medium''   We all
know it cannot be done, and its value, therefore,
must  be necessauly cuitailed,  and   it  must  be
transported  at great nsk, trouble, and expense.
The annual loss sustained by thecitizens of North '
Caiohna fiom these causes amounts  to a  sum
which is veiy serious to them      But they suffer a
much giea ei   logs   than the  returns of the mint
disclose     Much of 'hen  gold  is sent to South
Carolina and Georgia, and fiom thence it is sent i
to the mint as Georgia and South Caiolma gold, j
v.hen in fact it is North Carolina gold    Another
reason foi the passage of the law, and one which ,
he hoped would not be less regaided by the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, was that
the measure would be auxiliary to the restoration
of the metallic cuirency of the United States, and
contribute to bring the Government ba<k to that
currency which was contemplated by the Consti-
tution
A protracted and discur&ivedebate then ensued,
in v. hi h Messrs. FRCLINGHUYSEN, MAN-
GUM, CALHOUN, BENTON, PORTER,
WEBSTER, GOLDSBOROÜGH, CLAY, and
EWING paiticipated, when the principles of the
gold bid of last session were fully gone into.
The question to postpone was determined in
the negative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messis Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Ewmg,
Frelmghuysen, Goldsboiough, Hill, Knight, Mc
Kean, Naudam, Prentiss, Robbms, Smith, South-
ard, Swift, Tipton—16
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoji,, Cuthbeit, Hendricks, Kane, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Man-
gum, Moore, Morns, Poindextei, Porter, Preston,
Robinson, Shepley, Silsbee, Tallmadge, Tyler,
Waggaman, Webster, White, Wright—27.
Mr. CLAY made some further lemarks in op-
position to the bill, and, with a view to test the
opinion of the Senate, he moved its recommitment
to the Committee on Finance, with instiuctionsto
amend the bill so as to authon¿e the establishment
of one bianch only, upon which motion he asked
the yeas and nays, which were ordeied
After some fuitherremaiks fiom Messis POIN-
DEXTER, WAGGAMAN, CLAY, and CAL-
HOUN, thequesaon was determined in the nega-
tive by the fallowing vote:
YEAS—Messis Bell, Biack, Buchanan, Clay,
Ewmg, Fielmghuysen, Golusboiough, Hill,
Knight, McKean, Naudam, Pie'itiss, Bobbins,
Smith, Southaid, Swift, Tipton, Tomhnson—18.
NAYS—Messis Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Hendrn ks, Kane, Kn g of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum,
Mooie, Poindextei, Portei, Pieston, Robinson,
R-uggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tyler, Waggaman,
White, Wright—24
Mr. CLAY then moved to postpone the bill till
Monday next; and on that motion he asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and the ques-
tion wasdeteimmed m the negative—yeas 20, nays
22, as follows
YEAS—Messis Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Ewing,
Fielmghuysen, Goldsboiough, Hill, Knight, Mc-
Kean, Moce, Naudun, Poindextei, Pien'iss,
Robbms, Shepley, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tip
ton, Tomhnson—20
NAVS—Messis Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, CuJibeit, Ilendncks, Kane, King of Al-
abama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Lmn, Mangum,
Porter, Preston, Robinson, Rufgles, Tallmadge,
Tyler, Waggaman, White, Wright—22
Mi CLAY then moved anothei section, aa an
amendment to the bill, au honzing the establish-
ment of a branch of the mint at Louisville, Ken-
tucky
Mi C made some remarks in support of the
amendment, and Mr MANGUM, Mr BIBB,
and Mr  WAGGAMAN, opposed it
The motion was disagreed to without a divis-
ion
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole, Ml.
CLAY moved further to ammd the bill by redu-
cing thesalai j of the superintendent of ihe branch
at New Orleans, fiom $,3,000 to $2,000 pei an-
num, and upon that motion demanded ihe yens
and nays, which were oidered,and areas follows:
YEAS—Messis Bucharan, Clay, Ewiog,
Goldsborough, Ilendncks, IIill, McKean, Moore,
Morris, Naudain, Pientiss, Robbms, Shepley,
Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton, Tomhnson,
Webster—19
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Kane, King of Alabama, King
of Geoigia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Pomdexter,
Poiter, Pieston, Robbins, Ruggies, Tallmadge
Tyler, Waggaman, Wbi.e, Wright—22
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mi CLAY then moved a further amendment to
reduce the salary to $2 500 per annum, and upon
that motion demanded the yeas and nays, which
were oidered and aie as follows:
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Y EAS—Messrs Buchanan,Clay,Ewing,Golds- 1
borough, Hendricks, II|I|, Linn, \lcKean, Moore, I
Morris, Naudtun,  Plenties,  Robbms, Ru g!es,
bhepley, b Isbce, Smith,Soutnard,Swift,Tipton,
'lorn inson, Wibster—22
NAYfe—Messis Beiuon, Bibb,Blark, Brown,
Caihoun, Cutnlert, Kane, Kmgof Alabama, King
ol üeorgia, Leigh, Manguin, Poindexter, Porter,
Pieston, Robins >n, faiimadge, f>ler, Wagga
man, White, Wright—20                                           I
So the Senate agreed so to amend the bill            ,
Mr CWUNG then moved to amend by reducing
the salary of the treasurer at New Orleans from |
¿2 000 to 4,1,500                                                            I
Mi CLAY moved that the Senate adjourn,
which was lost—ayes 15, noes not counted
The question lecumng on the amendment, it
was determined in the negative on a division— i
yea-- 20, nays 21                                                           '
Mr  ¿WING then, moved further to amend by
reducing the salai y of the chief comer from ¿2,000 i
to Si 500 per annum,and demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion, which were ordered, and it |
was determined in the negative by the following
vote
\ EA S—Messrs    Buchanan,  Clay,   Ewmg,
Go'dsbuiough, Hill, Knight, McKean,  Moore,
Morris,  JNuudain,   Premiss, Robbms, Shepley, ,
Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton, romlinson—18
WAYs—Messrs Bentoi , Bibo, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Cuthbeit, Hendricks Kane, King of
Alabama, K ng of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Man- I
gum, Ponidtx er, Porter, Presión, Robinson,
Ruggles, SiKbee, f allmadge, Tyler, Waggaman,
Webster, White, Wiight—2o
Mr CLAY then mo\ed to reduce the salaries
of the as ayei, melter, and lefiner, from §2,000
each to s 1,300   which was disagreed to
On motion of Mr   CLAY, the «aLries of the
two cleiks were icduced tiom $1,700 to §1,200 I
each
Mr  CLAY then moved to reduce the salaries
of  the two superintendents  of  the branches in |
ISor h   Caiolma   and   Georgia, from   §2 000   to!
$159) each, and on  that motion  demanded the
yeas and nays, which weie ordered, and are as
follow -
YE IS—Messrs Bell, Buchamn,Clay,Ewing,
Goldsboiough, H I1, Knight, McKean, Motris,
Naudam, Prentiss, Robbins, Shtpley, Smitn,
Soa'haid, Smft, Tipton, lumhnson— 18
NAYS—\kssr^  Benton, Bibb, Black, Biown,
Calhoun, Cutlibert,  Hendí cks, Kane, K ng of j
Alabama,  K.ng  ot   Geoigia,  Leigh,  Mai gum,  I
Fo ndexter, P r'er,  Robin on, R iggles, Siiebee,
Tdl-nadge, lylei, Waggaman, Webster, White,  1
Wiig'.t—24                                                                    '
So the motion was disagreed to
Tne bill was then oidered to be engrossed fort
third reading         *
A^SALLl   LPOt*  THE  PRE-IDENT.
The CHAIR laid befoie the Seiate a commu
nicition fiom the  Hon    George  Poindeytfr,
calling the attention ot the Senate to  an auony
mous  letter, stauns that affidavits  were   in   the
possession ot the Ptesident of the United S ates,
piovmg that interviews had taken place between
Mi    Foi\dl\ter and  Richard Lawrence, i few  j
days previous  to tne attempt on the life of the
Piesident, and asking the appointment of a select
oommi'tee to investigate the facts and ieport them
to the Sena'e
Tne communicUion was read,and also a docu
ment signed by D J Phrci , a membei oí the
House, te tifying (is the leporter understood it)
that he saw such depositions in the hands of the
Pi evident
Mr   CLAY rose and siid that the commumca
tion  and document which  had just  been  read,
insj ned  1 im with nothing but the deepest mom
fi -Uionatd icgiet, and «hen he «aw the ai ony-
nious leitei to which the communication íeferred,
he did not be'ieve there wjs the s'ightest founda
tion for it     It was impossible for him to credit the |
statement, that affidavits should have been pro    ¡
cmed at the instance of the Chief Magistiate, for
the purpose of implicating a Senator of the U u  I
t-d States in so foul a transaction     that such a |
pl-u of injuring a fellow citizen should be adopt-
ed, ¡«ftdttw's of such a tenor procuied, and put I
away foi  the puipose of producing them under I
277
such circumstances as should prevent the charges
from being met, he«ehould not credit, but upon
the producfon of much higher evidence than had
yet been adduced
But (saiü Mr C ) the communication calls on
us for the ejercise ot a most unpleasant duty, and
at a most unpropitioue season—atra time when the
Senate is within seven or eight days of the close
of its session, and when the official existence of
the Senator himself, for a time at least, is near
its close But although the time is short, that
should not become a question when the duty ot
this body requires it to act It was thedutyof the
Senate to examine into the case, as requested by
the Senator, and if it should turn out to be true
tint he had the slightest agency in that most nefa-
nous attempt involving the life of a fellow citi-
zen, and that citizen ihe Chief Magistrate of the
country, he had no doubt, painful as the alterna-
tive mignt be, that we would be called on to exer-
cise the high functions confened on the Senate by
the Constitution, of expelling so unworthy a
member But if it should turn out that there was
not the slightest foundation for the charge, and
that there had been no agency on the part of the
Chief Magistrate in procuring such affidavits, it
was due to the country that he should be vindi-
cated from the aspersion Taking this view of the
case, he thought there could not be the slightest
objection to crea'ing the committee of investiga-
tion, as asked for
Mr C concluded by moving that a committee
of five be appointed for this purpose, clothed with
power to send for persons and papéis
The motion was agreed to
On ball >!in? for the committee, it appeared that
Messrs TYLER, SMITH, MANGUM, KING
of Geoigia, and WR1GH1, were appointed
- FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr WEBS'! £R then gave notice that on Mon
day next  he  would  move  to  take  up the  bill
making appropriations for the support of the foi-
üficaiiuns of the United States
FORT MIF1 LIN.
Mr BUCHANAN, by uiammous conient,
offered a resolution, that the Military Commutee
be instructed to inquue into the expediency of
making an appropriation to repair Tort Mifflin,
and to construct pier batteries in the user Dela-
waie, which was consiJeied and adopted
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Saturday, February 21, 1835
Mr C4.MBRELENG, from the Committee on
Foreign Affans, repoited the bill of the Senate to
create a commission for the adjustment of claims
on account of Fiench spolia ions puor to 1800
Pie sa d the committee rad instructed him to state
thai theie was not sufficient time for its membeis
to investiga e a question of such magnitude, and
itqjinng the examination of so many documents
The committee had theiefore instructed him to
move that it be disci arged from the iuither con
sideration of tne bil , and that it be laid upon the
tibie—with the ass, nt ot the committee, he also
moved that two statements, the one prepared by the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr E.erett,]
in favoi of the claims, the other by himself,
agai ist them, embodying much information on
both sides of the question, should be printed 'or
the use of the House, which was oidered accord
mgly
Mr FULTON, fiom the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill foi the relief of Abner Sttlson,
which was retd twice and committed
Mr COIN ¡NOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roids, repoited, with an
amendmert, the bill from the Senate to provide
foi the organization of the Post Otice Depait
ment The bill was made tne special oidei of the
day for Tuesday ne\t, and the amendment was
ordered to-be punted
Mr WATMOUGH, fiom the Committee on
Navil Affairs, íeported a resolu'.on setting at art
this day, from twelve o'clock, m , for the con-
sideration of the motion to íeconsider the vote
rejecting the bill foi the relief of Mrs Susa i Deca-
tt r and others
Mr W said that the committee had been
induced to offtr the resolution in consequence of
the necessitous condition of one of the parties
The SPEAKER decided the resolution to be
out of order
Petitions were presented, on leave, by Messrs
LOVE and POLK, and referred
Mr ASHLEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri relative to the boundary
line of that State, which were ordered to be
printed
Mr CIIINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill making an ap
propnation for the support of the penitentiary in
the District of Columbia for the year 1835, which
was read twice and committed.
Mr POSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, lepoited the following bills, which were
read twice, and ordered to be read a third time
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James Wil-
son, deceased, and
4 bill for the relief of Sarah H  B Stith
Mr BEVTTY, by leave, submitted the follow-
ing joint resolution, which was read twice, and us
fuutier consideration postponed to Monday next,
and it was ordered to be printed
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repi esentahves
of the Congiess of the Umted Stales, That the Secre-
tary of War be mstiucted to expend ten thousand
dollars of the thirty thousand dollars appropi lated
at the last session of Congress for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Cumberland river,
between the mouth of Laurel river and the Big
South Foik of Cumberland river, m the neighbor-
hood of the Stone Coal Mine, during the next
summer
Mr HAMER, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicial y, to which a resolution adopted by the
House, on motion of Mr Surges, had been
referred, directing said committee to inqui'e into
the expediency ot providing thatall priming here-
after íequired for eveiy branch of the public ser-
vice should be executed in the District of Colum-
bia, and also into the piopi'ety of excluding all
newspapei editors and publishers of the same from
a participation in the execution of said printing,
mode a lengthy report
Mi H moved that thecommittee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject
Mr TOSTER asked for the reading of the re-
pon.
The reading of the report was commenced, but
befoie it was concluded—
Mi WATMOUGH called for the orders of the
day—yeas 98, nays 48
REGISTERED AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secietary of State, communicating, pur-
suant to law, the numbei of American seamen
registered in each port of entry in tne United
States for the year 1834, &c , which was laid on
the table and oidered to be printed
BILLS   PASSED.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed
A bil> for the relief of the heirs of James La-
tham, deceased,
A bill supp'ementary to the act of 1802, for the
settlement and confirmation ot certain land claims
in ihe southeastern district of Louisiana,
A bill to piovide for the improvement of the
harbor of Clinton uver,in theTeiritory of Michi-
gan,
A bill fiom the Senate making appropriations
to complete certain roads in the Territory of Ar-
kansas,
A bill from the Senate providing for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of the river
Raisin, in the Territory of Michigan,
A bill fiom the Senate authorizing the construc-
tion of a railroad upon the public lands between
St  Maiks and Talh hassee, in Florida, and
A bill *o provide for opening certain roads in
the Teiutory of Arkansas, and for other pur-
O. H   DIBBLE.
The motion heretofore made by Mr Mercer,
to reconsidei  the vote on the passage of a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury to examine and adjust the claim of O   H
2? 8
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Dibble, for materials, &c , furn shed for the elec-
tion of a bridge acioss ihe Potomac, and repoit
the slate of the same to Congress at its next ses-
sion, wa3 taken up
After a few remarks from Messrs. MERCER
and BANKS, the motion to reconsider was agreed
to
Mr BANKS, instructed by the Committee of
Claims, and by unanimous consent, submitted an
amendment to the resolution; which was agreed
to
The question recurring on the passage of the
joint resolution, as amended, a desultory debate
of considerable length ensued, in which Messrs
MERCER, BANKS.ANTHONY.FILLMORE,
and MINER participated.
Mr ANTHONY moved to recommit the reso
lution to the Committee of Claims
Mr H1LAND HALL moved the previous
question, which was seconded—ayes 80, noes 40
The House then determined that the mam ques-
tion should be put.
The mam question being, " Shall the joint res-
olution pass?" it was decided in the affiimative—
yeas 98, nays 75.
SENATE BILLS.
A bill from the Senate, granting to the borough
of Mackinaw certain grounds for public purposes,
was read the thud time and passed.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of the owners of the brig
Despatch and cargo;
A bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and Abel
Gay,
A bill for the relief of David Beard;
A bill supplementary to the act granting lands
to certain exiles from Poland, and
A bill amendatory of the act for the punishment
of certain offences against the United States.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
A bill from the Senate to repeal the fiist and
second sections of the " Act to limit the term of
office of certain officers therein named, and for
other purposes," approved May 1st, 1820, was
read twice.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the bill be committed
to a seltct committee
Mr. FOSTER moved that it be postponed to
Wednesday next, and made the special Older fur
that day
Mr HUBBARD moved to commit the bill toa
Committee of thp Whole on thestateof the Union,
and that it be punted
Mr FOSTER said if the latter motion prevailed
it would be equivalent to sending the bill to the
tomb of the Capulets. He demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion, which were ordeied
Mr HUBBARD referred to the number of
appropriation and other important bills which
were necessaiy to be acted on lie did not object
to the postponement of the bill as proposed; but
he was opposed to making it a special order.
Mr ARCHER withdrew his motion to commit
to a select committee.
The SPEAKER infoimed the House that there
were various special oiders upon the Calendar,
which would hove piecedence, and that the pres-
ent bill could not be reached, if made the special
order for a paiticular day, unless the House by a
vote of two-thirds postponed all the previous
special orders.
Mr E EVERETT inquired of the Chair if
the bill was of a character which requued its
commitment5
The SPEAKER replied that as the bill made no
appropriation of money, its commitment was not
required by the rules of the House.
Mr HUBBARD withdrew his motion to com-
mit
The motion of Mr FOSTER was then agreed
to.                                                                                   ,
DUTIES. ON I 1PORTS.
A bill from the Senate to suspend the operation |
of portions of the tenth and twelfth clauses of the
seventh section of the act supplementary to the i
acts imposing duties on imports, of July, 1832,'
wan read twice and committed                                  I
LETTER FROM SECRETARY OP TREASURY.
1 he SPEAKER laid befoi% the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, communi-
cating a list of balances on the books of the
Treasury against collectors, &c ; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
WESTERN TERRITORY.
The House then resumed the consideiation of
the bill to provide for the establishment of the
Western Territory, and for the security and pro-
tection of emigrant and other Indian tribes therein.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Gilmer to amend the second section of the
bill, by inserting the words "lands within," so
as to read " lands within said Territory."
Mr. SEABORN JONES, who was entitled to
the floor, said the piovisions of the bill had been
sufficiently explained by the gentlemen from Ver-
mont and Georgia, [Mr Horace Everett and
Mr. Gilmer ] Mr J. wished, however, to make
a few remarks in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. J. Q, Adams ] That gen-
tleman had objected to this bill because it pro-
vided for the employment of a militaiy force, he
(Mr. J ) could not avoid expressing his surprise
at the objection from that quarter, when all must
recollect but too well the employment of military
force in Geoigia, to depiive a State of her just
rights. Mr J entered into a full defence of the
course that had been adopted and puisued by the
State of Geoigia, arising out of the. engagement
entered into by the Government of the United
States to extinguish the titles to the Indian lands
within her limits. Why had not the United
States effected this sooner when they had done it
in othei parts of the country? Because, by extin-
guishing the tules to Indian lands withm the ter-
ritorial limits of other States the lands became the
property of the United States, but the United
States deriving no bent fit from the lands in
Georgia, had delayed carrying the compact into
effect He maintained that the whole blame rested
on the United States for not putting an end to the
question in Geoigia, as she was bound to do, by
fulfilling the obligations to which they were
pledged under the treaty of 1802 Every appli-
cation made by Georgia, every memorial, every
remonstrance, received but the monosyllabic an-
swer—No. When Georgia found the Cherokees
about to eiect themselves into an independent
government, she then extended her jurisdiction
over those Indians Was Geoigia (said Mr. J )
to peimit an impenum m imperio within her own
limits? Could she permit this with peace and
tranquillity to herself? Ought a sovereign State
to peimit it? She could not. What did she do ?
She remonstrated with the General Government,
who paid no attention to her complaints; and
Georgia was, consequently, driven to the expedi-
ency of surveying the Cherokee country, and
enforcing obedience to her laws This bill was
the measure that would effect what was desired
in that respect; and if gentlemen were sincere in
their professions itf philanthropy, he called upon
them to sustain it by their votes Mi J con-
cluded by announcing his intention of offering
sundry amendments to the bill as soon as the
House had passed upon the others under consid-
eration.
Mr. ASHLEY was opposed to the general
principles of the bill, and said, at the proper time
he should also piopose some amendments. His
principal objection was, that it was contrary to
the spirit of the laws made by the Indians them-
selves There was scarce an instance in which
laws were made for them by us with which they
were not dissatisfied The only way, in his
opinion, to civilize the Indians, was to surround
them with civilization He was in favor of giving
a certain portion of land to each, limiting them to
a certain territory, and leaving them to make their
own laws and regulations He was quite sure
that the Governor would become a despot, at least
in the opinion of the Indians themselves. He put
the case of murder. If an Indian were to be
executed by the order of the Governor, under our
laws, it would excite general dissatisfaction among
them, but if left to themselves, they would do
justice with alacrity.
One great object of the bill was to relieve the
State of Georgia of the Cherokees; but that very
1 act would burden the Territory of Arkansas and
1 the borders of othei States to the same extent.
The amendment was agreed to without a divis-
ion
Mr GILMER then moved to strike out thefol
lowing from the second section of the bill. " Ai d
that the right of such Indians or tubes shall be
lmpaned by their being at any time formed into a
terntoiy "
Mr. FILLMORE then submitted theamendment
which he had attempted to introduce yesterday,
applicable to the Indian tribes in the State of New
Yoik It was to insert after the word ti ibes " and
Indians "
Mr. HORACE EVERETT thought the amend-
ment unnecessaiy   It was, howevei, agieed to.
Mr BATES then moved to stuke out part ot
the same section, pledging the faith of the United
States     Agreed to—ayes 81
The question then recurred on Mr. Adams's
amendment to strike out the'second section of the
bill.    Negatived.
Mr ADAMS then waived for the present his
intended motion to strike out the third section.
Mr GILMER proposed a modification of the
same, relating to the appointment of the governor
by the President of the United States, over the
Cherokee, Choctaw, and Creek tribes of Indians.
Mr. VINTON said it was a very important,
and exceedingly imperfect bill, in some of its
details; he would suggest that a fuithertime be
given for perfecting it before a motion should be
made for the previous question, which he under-
stood to be the intention of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] as soon as the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Afiairs should
be acted on.
Mr JONES disclaimed such an intention
Mi. VINTON said he had some important
amendments to offer, which he hoped would be
permitted to be heard and incorporated in the bill.
The amendment of Mr. GILMER was then
adopted.
Several other amendments, of a verbal charac-
ter, were then agreed to.
Mr. VINTON then proposed to introduce an
amendment, extending the right of sitting in
council to all the individuals in the community.
He objected, too, that there was no provision in
the bill setting foith whether their pioceedings
should be by quorum, or that the votes should
be by a majority or a minority, noi was there one
for framing a code of laws; nor was the council
compelled to keep a journal of its proceedings.
These points required to be corrected, and he
should submit several amendments touching these
subjects
Mr. V. then moved his first amendment, pro-
viding that the existing chiefs or other Indians,
holding or cultivating the soil, or engaged in the
occupations of civilized life, should be eligible for
members of the council for two years.
Mr. H. EVERETT moved to stake out that
part of the amendment, " engaged in the occupa-
tions of civilized life."
Mr. ASHLEY said he was opposed to the
amendment, as inapplicable to the condition of the
Indians. He would leave the whole subject to
the Indians themselves, who always selected their
most intelligent men.
Mi. H. EVERETT thought the word chiefs
had better be omitted.
Mr. VINTON said if the object of the bill was
not to civilize the Indian, then the amendment to
his amendment ought to prevail, and not other-
wise If gentlemen would say such was not their
object, he would better understand them.
Mr. EVERETT, of Veimont, explained.
Mr. SEVIER gave an explanation of the man-
ner of the Indians with regard to the cultivation
of the soil. It was almost invariably m common,
and not confined to a few. He hoped theamend-
ment would be adopted.
Mr. GILMER was in favor of the section as it
stood, and any additions thought necessary might
be made to it.
After some further conversation between
Messrs VINTON, H. EVERETT, GILMER,
and SEVIER, the amendmentof Mr EVERETT
was agreed to—ayes 86, noes not counted
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Vinton,
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
Mr GARLAND was opposed to the restric-
tions it would involve
Mr V1N1CXN and Mr S JONES argued in
favor of it
After some further conversation, the amend-
ment was agreed to
Mr POPE moved an adjournment of the
House     Negatived—ayes 56, noes 67
Mr  VINION then moved an amendment, pro
vidmg that the council should keep a  journal of
it   proceedings, that electors should be twenty-
five years of age, &c
Mr GARLAN D moved an amendment to this
amendment
Mr LOVC said he would leave the whole in-
ternal regulations of these tribes to themselves
After some lemarks from Mr EVERETT, of
Vermont, the question was then taken on the
amendment of "Mr  GARLAND, and rejected
The amendment of Mr VINTON was also
rejected
Mr GILMER moved to strike out the provi-
sion giving the Governor the power, at all times,
to ad]Ourn the council     Agreed to
Mr GILMER also proposed sundry verbal
amendments, which were agreed to
Mr GILMER alsi proposed an amendment
giving the Governor the pardoning power in cases
where the punishment should be death. Agreed
to.
Mr DICKINSON moved to reconsider this
■vote , which «as agreed to
The amer dment was then withdrawn
Mr ASHLEY offered a prov so, securing the
righis of citizens of the United States, travelling
l! Missoun and on the western fror'iet, pursuant
and m conformity with treaties with the Osages,
which he briefly advocated
Mr HI: BBARD considered this subject suffi
ciently provided foi m the first section of the bill,
which he read
Mr  ASHLEY then withdrew the amendment
Mr  S  JONES then offered an amendment re
spewing  the pardoning power vested in the Gov-
ernor, &,c
Mr ALLEN,ofOmo, said he should vote against
the b |i howe er it in glu be amended, for he was
opposed to the whole piincine of it It would
rui)u re the rr ost ¡ rofouud attention and d hbera
tirti before it cojld be perfec ed He warned the
lliu°e that they were about organizing a new
system of government in this countiy The bill
possessed .ot me single featuie known to the
C institution "i could not vo e for the bill under
any eopsideratio ■ but his respect for thecomm't
tee wi o reported H wou'd induce him at a propel
time to sti e his object in- more at lei g h
Uterafrvrema-kb'VomMr [I EVLUETT,
Mi   3   TON PS vi hdrew the amendment
Mr DICKINSON proposed an amendment, to
str keout the wird "deles:ate"and insert "agent "
On motion of Mr   MINER,
The House adjjurned
IN SENATE                               *
\1o\ms, Februaiy 23, 1835
Mi HILL piesented the cieUentials of the
Hon I1f\ry Hi bbard, a Senator elect fiom the
State of New Hampshire, for six year  from and
after the thud ot Vlaich next
REPORTS rkCnt COMMITTEES.
Mi CfMON fiom the Committee on Miltaiy
A 'aits, r ,ior ed a bill to inciense the corps of
eugrneeis which «as read tne fiist time, and oi-
dered to t seioid  reiding
Mr B N10N|frtm he sam  committee, to
wi ioh the if ¡solution c f Si urday la&t was refeued,
made a repo t, re ominending appropnations to
be u serteu n the fortifi ition bill foi the repair of
1   rt Miti' i) an I Pea Putt h, in the river Delauate  I
Mi McfvLAN, fiom the Conrmttee on Pen
i ins, to wii cli wis ie<ened the bills fiom the
Hoise eri uHins; pens ons to Benjamin Holland
md I uu L kwnght, repoited them, sevcially,
wittiou ..nieidment, nlso, a bill from the House
f r the rtl ef of Tosnh II Brown and John
( inkm, with the expression of opinion, by the
cnnnti t ee, n^ain ■   its ptssage                                  |l
M ( [ \\ ION, fiom the Tudiuary Commit
tee, iepoi tl the bill from the House gtanting
aduiuonaliu úpeos monto thedis nctauoi ley for
the district of South Carolina, without amend-
ment
Mr TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
1 ensions, reported the bills from the House foi
the relief of Captain Cole, a Seneca Indian chief,
and for the relief of Solomon Case
Mr PRENTISS, from the same committee,
reported the bills from the House granting pen-
sions to Justin Cobband GeorgeC Seaton.without
amendment.
LEMUEL PORTER.
On motion of Mr PORTER, the Senate con-
sidered, as in Committee of the Whole, the bill for
the relief of Lemuel Porter, and it was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading
SILENCE   FLLIOT.
On motion of Mr LEIGH, the Senate consid-
ered the report of the Judiciary Committee upon
the case of Silence Elliot, and the resolution re-
ferring the same to the Solicitor of the Tieasury
to be inquired into and to make a report to Con-
gress, was adopted
CIRCUIT COURT JURISDICTION
On motion of Mi FRELlNGHUYSEN, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole, of the bill supplementa-
ry to the act to amend the judicial system of the
United States
[Tms bill provides for consolidating thecnxuits
composed of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, with
that composed of Delaware and Maiyland, and
requiring Judge Baldwin to hold the circuit courts
in the Delaware and Maiyland circuit, so as to
obviate the necessity of appointing a Judge of the
Supreme Court in that circuit, and thereby to ex-
tend the circuit sybtem to the western States J
The blanks in the bill having been filled up for
the times of sitting of the aeveial courts, &>■ ,as
suggested by Mr  Frelinghuysln,
Mr BENTON rose and said, he could not pei-
mit this bill to go through the Senate without
maiung every resistance to it which it was in his
power to put forth, for as it regarded his district
it was a peifeet monstrosity It gave them a ju-
dicial circuit which ex e ided from the Gulf of
Mexico to Lake Michigan—fiom thetoud to the
fngid zone, and pioposed to gi/e them one term
in a year The gentleman had better have made
lthkethoseplanets whose cueles aie once in twen-
ty years Mi B said that on this bill, so directly
affecting their interests, neither he noi his col-
league had been consulted
Mi FRELINGHU-Y3EN Does the honor-
able ge nleman's colleague say he was not con-
sulted'
Mr LINN replied that he had been spoken to
by the gentleman with respect to one of the
amendments wmch his ju t been made to the bill,
wh ch was suggested et his instance
Mr PRELINGUUYSEN observed that he
heard that some of the western gentlemen were
consulted, not with respect to filling the blanks it
was true
Mr   BENTON continued     He believed  the
gentlemin near him from Alabama, [Mr   Kikg,1
was not consulted     The two gentlemen from II
linois were not consulted, so that there were six
Senators with whom there hau not been the slight
est consultation upon  the struc'ure of this  bill
It is the first time m the historv of the Anencan
Senate of a billhavi lg been framed, making wo
\i   op foi thiee entire States wi hout consultation
\ i h the six Senators of those States   and there
fore, when this b 11 was íepoited, he deteimmed
it s) ot Id not piss without enphelicil opposition
from him  bef re the Senate and the whole Amen
can   people     This important bill is brought 10
here during a shoit session, ard at the eleventh
hour, for rearranging the  whole judicial system
of the   United S a.es     As  regard  filling these
blanks, Vh   B  sai I, that so fai as Missoun was
concerned, as to time, he had as lief it was filled
with doomsday, , and as to distance, with the anti
podes     His  constituents would not be bamboo
z'ed  wuh such a bill      A circuit of such extent
was mockei v, moukery, mockei y to the people of
Missoun     Under the name of a cncuit court,
theie is a total impossibility in the way of carry
ing it into execution     No man, who is fit to he a
lodge, will buffer himself to beappointel  <br l 
Ljok at the ci cuic     Louisiana is at one end of
it, and then you are to take a huge leap over Ten-
nessee and Kentucky, the Cumberland and Ohio
rivers, and then alight on the borders of Lake
Michigan The middle of this distance is cut off
by another circuit Can such a circuit be thought
possible for practical purposes > The only result
can be to answer a temporary purpose, and an
ooject which is not visible on its face What is
the object of this bill Certainly nothing for the
good of the people
Mr B had seen in some of the papers that he
(Mi B ) had moved to go into executive session,
for the despatching the executive business on hand
He had made no such motion, nor any movement
in favor of such a nomination as that alluded to
But it was made forty days ago Do we suppose
heiethatthe people are blind, and that everybody
don't know that we have slept? and now, at the
end of the forty days, we are to be bamboozled, and
that western Senators are to suffer such a bill to
pass without opposing it' There is an old maxim,
that " There are many ways to kill a dog," and
"There are two-ways to drown a man " One is
to throw him cietbcard, and another is to " scuttle
the ship and let him go to the bottom " He
might speak in enigmas, but they would be per-
fectly intelligible, to Senators at least Mr B
said no man would consent to receive the salary
and perform such duties He then alluded to
the number of circuits and terms in the Eastern
States, and contended that there was no impar-
tiality in extending the proposed circuit over such
an immense district, giving it to only one term a
year. It is said to be only deluding the people
with expectations which they will never real ze
What is the complaint With respect to the preset t
organization > It is that there is now no judge on
the Supreme Court bench having a knowledge of
the practice of the civil law And if a judge from
the North should be sent to New Orleans the same
difficulty would exist—he would have no knowl-
edge of the civil law. There ought, therefore, to
be a judge upon the Supreme Couit bench from
Louisiana He said he had not seen the bill,and
therefore did not know how this judge was to be
shot from one end of this circuit to the othei, how
you are to transport him By steam ? There is
no steam to effect it And to get over land from
New Or'eans to Lnke Michigan, must depend on
a series of connecting conveyances He thought
we ought to wait for organizing this circuit till we
have arrived at a greater art m anal navigation.
Or perhaps the judge might in his journeys south,
be transported by one of those flights of wild
geese winch periodically emigrate from thenorth,
if he could manage to have his car attached to
them Sir, (said Mr B )it will íequiresomething
moie than mere appeaiances to induce the people
to suppose that this bill is mtioduced for the pur-
pose of extending judicial circuits to the West
We say that this circuit should be given to Louis-
iana, and although we desire its benefits also, yet
we are willing to give it to Louisiana, ard wait
till justice can be done us under the census of
1810 We come m to the aid of Louisiana, and
therefore we are willing that the bill should be
amended so as to give to her two courts a year,
and a judge of tl e Supreme Court The amend-
ment [ loposes that there shall be a chief justice
and eight associate jui'ges of tl at court the
eighth curuit to be formed of Louisiana, Alabama,
and Mississippi, and the judge to be appointed m
that cncuit, and to reside there There is also a
section in the amendment providing for trans
ferung the business of the district court into the
crcuitcuuit, which he believed was wanting in
the bill
Mr B concluded by presenting an amendment
confoimmg to his views, which he moved to have
printed to be offered asasubstitute foi the bill, hat
the bill be laid on the table, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business
Mi BCNTON withdiew the motion to 'ay the
bill on the table, at the íeque t of
Mi rREUlNGHUYSEN, who observed,that
he did not expect that this bill would have met
with such a reception from the gentleman from
Missouri When the gentleman said the bill was
a monstiositj,and  hat his constituents were bam-
boozled by it, he (Mr V ) was neither converted,
convinced, noi intimidated He was prompted
to mtioduce this, bill by the fiequent messages of
280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fcbruaiy 23.
the President of the United States on the subject,
and if the honorable gentleman's constituents had
been bamboozled by it, it was done at thesugges
tion of the President of the United States When
we look at the map and see the situation of Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, and Missouri, and see that
the judge can travel the whole distance by steam,
Mr. F believed that many gentlemen could be
found, who would accept the appointment Sup-
pose he does ship from the torrid to the frozen
zone, and he can administer justice by it, why
should he not do it? He could well conceive how
gentlemen with western aspuations should desire
to see ten judges on the bench instead of seven
[Mr P. here read a passage from the President's
late message ] Here is the very enlargement of
the circuit court system, the very bamboozling
which is recommended by the President A va-
cancy has happened in the Maryland district, and
by giving that distuct to the judge who presides
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, that extension
which the President recommends, can be given to
the West And the circuit spoken of will be one
of the pleasantest in the United States, and the
couits in it will be held m the pleasantest months
of the year—April, May, and June The question
then is, is the Senate prepared to avail itself of the
chasm, which enaoles us to effect this great object?
If we let the oppoitunity pass, it may be long
before one so favorable may be presented again.
Mr PORTER said he was singularly situated
in this matter He was between his fuends on
both side , but he hoped to be able to say what
would reconcile both of them It was of no im-
portance what were the motives of the originators
of the bill or the amendment, for as to dodging
any question connected with this or any other
subject, he dodged nothing He thanked the
gentleman from Missouri for foregoing the benefits
of the proposed system, and giving it to thesouth-
west, for (said Mr P ) the present system is so
grievous that we cannot bear it much longer He
thought the honorable gentleman's amendment
was the best possible plan that could be suggested
To avoid the inconvenience of an increase of the
judges, he thought it the best plan that could be
hit on In Louisiana, the whole of our jurispru
dence is based upon the civil law, but what is her
situation? When her cases are tiled and brought
to the Supreme Court, there is not a judge on the
bench who has any knowledge of it The requi-
site knowledge cannot be acquired from books,
but only by applying its pimciples to the affans
of men Theie is no man on the bench who is
acquainted with its principles, and it cannot be
enduied much longer He begged gentlemen to
ariange it in such way, now that it is in their
power, as to give us the benefits of the system
lie hoped the amendment would pievail, but if it
did not, he asked the honorable gentleman, from
Missouri whether it was not better to take half a
loaf than no bread ? Tor fourteen years we have
been snuggling in the West to get the benefits of
the circuit court ¡system I'he justice of Congiess
has been applied to without avul He deprecated
waiting longer, and he now gave notice that, if he
cou'd not get the amendment, he was willing to
go for the original bill He asked the honorable
Senators why they would not take the gentleman
iiom the fouith cir uit, and give him to Illinois,
Indiana, and Missouu,and let us have, for the
e ghth cucuit, Louisiana, Alabama, and Missis-
sippi' But the inconvenience the gentleman from
Missouri spoke of was not so great Amancould
tiavel easier fiom New 0 leans  to Missouri than
Judge McLean could go from Ohio to Tennessee
and Kentucky He put it to the honoiable gen-
tleman fiom New Jeisey whether the amendment
did not fully meet his views?
Mi EWING said, hedid notsee much force in
the Senatoi's [Mr. Benton's] objection,on the
giound that the Senators whose States were inter-
ested in the bill had not been consulted The res-
olution auectmg the investigation of the subject
was presented some weeks since The subject
had been before the Senate since that time He
would ask why did not the Senators go to the
committee with then-suggestions, if they weie de
sirous of making any to them But the floor of
the Senate was the pioper place for suggestions
The honorab'e Senator objected to the extent of
the districts, repiesentw¿ tit sessions of the com t
to be like the long pel iodic returns of an eccentric
comet But what were the purposes of these
courts? They were not to decidecasesat common
law between man and man, bat tribunals where
the foreigner and citizen might plead It was not
considered so great a favor in his (Mr E 's) State,
to be dragged into the courts of the United States
The citizens generally pieferied their own courts,
as the expense was much more in the district
court than m the State courts The great ends of
justice would be as well answered by one court a
year as two. The Senator called the bill a mock-
ery ' But surely it would answer all the wants
of those States Why should they complain ?
Because they cannot be sued in the United States
court instead of theif own county courts? He
also told you of the extent of the proposed dis-
trict, as if it was impossible foi a judge to tiavel
thiough it Mr L said, that five 01 six weeks
would be sufficient for Louisiana, and a week or
two for each of the other States The honorable
gentleman could not be serious in his objections
in regard to the judge's transporting himself from
place to place The grent natuial advantages
afloided foi steamboat navigation furnished a safe
and expeditious communication between all parts
of the district, excepting about one hundred miles
between theMississippinvei and Vandalia Ye  he
has told you about flying, and being diawn by
wild geese
Mi KING, of Alabama, said he recollected
well that they had been deprived of the benefits of
the circuit system on account of gentlemen being
unable to make up their minds as to the mode of
bestowing it If the system was good, the new
States should have the benefit of it, if not, the old
States should give it up He was willing the dis
tncts should be formed on geographical pi mciples,
and so constiuc'ed as to be perma lent, and ex-
tend to all the States alike. The additional ex-
pense ought not to prevent gentlemen from giving
these benefits to the South and West He íe-
gretted that the subject had not been biought for-
ward at an earlier part of the session He thought
it would be better to send back the bill to the
committee, with instructions to report the bill
giving an additional judge to Louisiana, Alabama,
and Mississippi
Mi BIBB said there* was one encumstance the
advocates of the bill seemed not to haveregaided
Those sit States had, for more than fouiteen years,
been denied the benefits of the circuit system
Theie, life and death depended upon the opinion
of a single jud¿e In a civil case, also, his opinion
was decisive Congiess had gone on, foigetting
that justice was the most sacied pnvilege It was
strange that in a new countiy, where so many
difficulties arose, the lights of the citizens should
depend on a single voice In those six States
weie many criminal cases, especially in Louisiana,
where crimes, commuted on the high seas, were
brought, all of which were decided by a single in-
dividual, who was a judge of an inferior grade,
and limited abilities                                                      i
His opinion was, that the Supreme Court and I
the disti ict courts ought to be separated     Mr  B
said party feeling had  too much to do wnh the
subject     The question often became what Piesi   I
dent was to appoint the judge ?  In the dissensions ,
about politics, the claims of justice weie too often '
foigotten     It  was a burning shame1    He was
willing to make seven judges lio all the business, I
but s ill should prefer an additional circuit, as the I
wan's of the new States, about to  be admitted
into the Union, must be provided for
Mi BLACK said the system should be abol
ished altogether, or be expended to all alike The
gieat objec ion to extending the system was en
laiging the number of judges The only way
then was to enlarge the circuits He was in favor
of abolishing the fourth altogether, or to provide
some t iher wsy of giving two judges to the South
and West lie would, however, accept of one if
he cou'd get no more But he had come to the
determination, that if the old States withheld the
extension of the judicial system, he had given the
last vote he ever intended to give for appointing
a judge
Mr HENDUICKS said he preferred the ongi-
nal bill to th« amendment It had st.uck him as
a favorable opportunity for givng ajud¿e to the
new States
Mr   BUCHANAN said, he should not have
risen to make any remarks upon the subject, but
he believed the propitious moment had at lerg h
ariived when justice might be done to the West
The people of the western States had a right to
complain, and to complain loudly, that the circuit
couit system had never been extended to them
It must be admitted, however, that their Repie-
sentatives, in this and the othei House, had, in a
great degree,  been  the  cause of tins injustice
Whilst he had been a member of the House of
Representatives,  he had   exerted fill  his  feeble
powers, first under the lead of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] and afterwards
as chairman  of the Judiciary Committee, to do
justice in this particular to the western  States
Every effort had hitherto been in vain, chiefly for
want of a coidial and united effort of the western
gentlemen themselves
Although no piactical benefit has yet resulted
from the repeated discussions of this subject, yet
a great and important principle has been settled
At fust, many gentlemen whose opinions were
entitled to great consideration thought U best to
detach the Judges of the Supreme Couit from cir-
cuit duties, and convert them into a meiecouit of
appeals He believed that very few, if any, now
entertained such an opinion The truth was, that
no man can be a useful Judge of the Supreme
Court, who has notan opportunity of aequning
a practical knowledge on the circuit of the con-
flicting and ever-varying laws of the different
States It is thus, and thus only, that he can
bung with him to Washington and contribute his
proportion of that soit of local State law which
can never be acquired in any other manner Tne
judges of a mere appellate tribunal never could
and never would acquire, by study alone, a suffi
cient knowledge of twenty four distinct and clash-
ing systems of the State laws and customs
It has then been established, that our present
judicial system shall not be abandoned This
being the case, no man can doubt but that it must
be extended to the six western States Nairne
herself has cleaily divided these States'mto two
circuits The three southwestern States, Alaba-
ma, Mississippi, and Louisiana, ought to form one
circuit,and the three northwestern States, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri, the othei Befoie he sit
down he should make a motion to recommit ¿he
bill to the Judiciary Committee, with instructions
to create those two en cults
Mr B believed that the circuit as proposed by
the bill under consideration was far too extensive
It was possible indeed that the judge might be
able to travel over it, though the places of holding
the'eourts weie very remote from each other But
was theie nothing more necessary? The judge
must acquire an accurate leno 'edge of the laws
of each of the States within his circuit This was
a work of time and of labor Every State in the
Union had its own system of laws, and these were
constantly changing, according to the will of
twenty foul distinct Legislatures   If a judge were
¿o be kept constantly on the road, he could nevei
acquue the knowledge necessary to make him
I useful to the country    The proposed circuit was
! greatly too laige     He would again repeat, that
nature had alieady formed the two circuits in the
1 West, which he should propose to establish
Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, were not
more closely connected by then position, than
they were in feeli ¿ and in interest The same
might be said of Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri
He trusted the time had now arrived when these
circuits might be formed In order to trj ' ■> sense
of the Senate upor  the sub|ect, he now i. ^ved,
" That the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
' tee on the Judiciary, with instructions to amend
' the bill, tocieate two new circuits, the onetocoi -
' sist of the States of Louisiana, Alabema, aid
' Mississippi, and the other of the States of
' Indiana, Illinois  and Missouri "
Mr CLAY wished to make a few remarks, to
vindicate the General Government agamst the
eternal cry of injustice from the new States fie
did not deny that all the States ought to be on the
same footing He cared but little what method
was adooted, he had no objection to increasing
the number of judges, he would even go as far as
twelve The Supreme Court of the United Statej
was no ordinary couit     It was ti high political
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FRlPvTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR  &  RIVES
SJd Congres , 2d Session
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1835
Vol 2....No. 18.
tribuna! to interpret the Constitution as, well as the
civil ¡aw Theie was a trust committed to it too
inch for any ear'hly tubunai. He would not
trust U there, if there was any where else to put
¡t It exeicises a power ovei the Constitution
transcendent to all the other departments of the
Government, a jurisdiction higher than any court
in England—e thei the Couit of Cas*at.on or the
House of Lords It its functions were confined
to civil cases, a small number wouM facilitate the
business But, m Us higher jnnsdic'ion, by ex-
pounding the Corstitulion, he 1 ad no objections to
a larger numoer
Mr KING, of Alabama, hoped the bill would
be recommitted without instructions, leaving it to
the commiltee to anange the circuits, otherwise
it might lead t> a disiussion, when the time of the
Senate was so precious
Af ersomefui here inversion between Messrs
CLAY, B'BB.BENTON,CLARION,LEIGH,
and BLGHVNAN,
d tnot.on b> Mi FRELINGHUYSEN, to
junend said mo ion by adding t' ereto the follow-
in" wjrds "And s ti mange the third aid
foui'h circuit^, is to form ni the whole eight cir-
cuits" it was detei mined m the affirmative—
yeas 3"1, nays 10
On ni tion oí M*- CLWTOS, the yeas and
nays being uesiied by one fTth of the Senato s
pie-^e t, iiiose who voted in the affiimative aie
"\L\6--Mcsrs     Bell, Benton,   Bibb,  Black,
Brown,  Call ojn, Cliy, Ewiiig, Fieliighuysen,
Go'd-borcush, GiunJy   Hendí i Its   King of Ala-
bama, K  g of Gei i„ia, Ki ight, Lnn, McKean, |
Mang  n , Moiris,\auuair,Poiie-,Pientiss,Pres   |
toe , R:> ) in "?, Robinson, Sikbee.Smtli,Southard, I
Sjiift, I ii on, Tomlinsoii, Waggt.man, Webster,
Wl He—34                                                   „   , ,
> AY-5— Messrs B ichanan,Clayton,Cuthbert,
Hill, Kane, Kent, Leign, Ruggles, Shepley.Tail
madge—10                                                             ,
Themot'onofMr BUCHANAN, so amended,
was thena^teed to, and the bill recommitted ac-
coidinsly
~ INVESTIGATING   COMMITTEE.
Oi   p o ion of Mr  SMITH, the commit'ee ap-
po nted on the applration of tne Hon George
P '\devfp, had leave to sit during the sittings
o  tne benale
FORTiriCATION BitL.
On   noio. uf Mi     WEBSTER,  the  Senate
to ¡V up foi cons deritioi , as in Committee of the
Whoie, tnci   II ifion the Ho ise rr akmganpiopna- j
tions for 'lie f .ítihcatioi s ot the United btates, for
ti e y^ai ib3->                                                                 I
i lie ame idments of the Cirmmttee on imane  I
were taken up successively, as follows, and agreed ,
to
An app'om at m of $?; PfO for the repair of !
Ct. tie i luí', in the hubn ot Boston.
I >i the tltlenees within the &uue of Maryland,
SUbd 000
\ secüon a l'hor z n-  the Secretaiy of War to
¡ urclnso s x a ,e-,ot Una adj  m tig f oí t Mellen
iy,i t i Bt i mi oie
the 1 II was l len repotted to the toenate, <ri I
ti e=e i    e  dim.  u weie conuiuei'l"
M l1C\TOx ' en offereJ an amendment ip-
pi pi -lTi.io- <m> 000 to the letuu of Fort ftiiiilm
and tie a jjoent piei oituues m the wei Dela-
Mr  KING, or G°or¿n, nquued whit repans
. thtie we e t > I e d  nt, which rrnde so large an
api io u i miii in ( essi y
\Ii
tion
t'inVi l"Y,ie VV Tl'-e" ailment was, wheie that
city ( .ni I be m st rea illy at d cheaply defended
11 e te u,t ot the mq my was that it could be
bettei d me «t Foil M nlin He hoped it would
not be ntcessiry, but it it should, undoubtedly,
t'-e repans ou ' it to be made
18
Mr BENTON read an extract from the report
of the Secretary of War on this subject, when the
amendment was agreed to
Mr BENTON then moved, by the instructions
I of the Military Committee, to increase the appro-
' pnation for the repair of Port Delaware, (the Pea
1 Patch,) to $150,000 .
Mr PRESTON made some general observations
upon the system of fortifications, and expressed
the opinion that if these expenditures were in-
creased unieasonably, or beyond the amounts
contemplated in the system, the Treasury would
not be competent to sustain it
i Aftei some íemarks from Mr CALHOUN and
Mr <~LAY TON, m defence of the system and the
necessity of the increased sum, the amendment
I was agi eed to
Mr   BENTON moved a further amendment of
§100,000 to the armament of the several fortifica-
tions, which was agreed to
I     The amendments were then all concurred in,
¡ and the bill ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr  HENDRICKS, the Senate
I proceeded to the consideration of exeuuive dusi
I ness, and after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjoin ned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Momjat, FebrumySS, 1835
T he House resumed the consideration of the
mo i>n to print the preamble and resolutiors of
die Legislatuie of the State of Vermont, in rela
tion to the Public Lands, tne Bank of the United
S ate^, ard tne removal of tne deposites
M. &>LAlDE said it had been contended by the
gentlemen trom New York [Messis TuRRiLLand
Bcardslcv ] that the resolutions were disiespectful
to the House He wished the gentlemen to point
out in what particulai, either in torm oi substance,
these proceedings were disrespecful He made
the request the more earnestly, because, if the
printing was refused, it vvomd go forth to the
world, that resolutions presented by a member of
the HrJvjse, which had passed the Legis'atuie of
Vermont, were considered unfit to be entered en
the Journal of this House
Mr BOON moved to lay the motion to print on
the table
O i this motion Mr H EVERETT demanded
the yeas and nays, which were ordeied, and were
—ye¡ s 32, nays 139
Sj the House refused to lay the motion to punt
on tne table
Mi bLADE reiterated Ins former remarks,
which he said had not nad the effect of pioducng
tl.-> specifkatioi s wl ic! he had requ red of the
gent'emer, fiom New "V ork Fie was no gieat
st elder foi State rights, but he began to think that
the aJvocte of State rights had more rea ion than ¡
hereiofoie tor maintpining theu giound From a
source which he need not desoíate, great dangei
to tne just rights of the Spates had arisen, and in
the pie-ent posture ct affairs he was d sposed
to stand upon the giound of State soveieigruy,
a1inou n he coul J not go as fa- as son e of its advo-
cates ° He contended in conclusion thattlepie-
amb'e and resolutions weie íespectfui, and that
the Legislature of Veimont had a light to beheaid
and then proceeuings spread upon the Jot rnals of
the House                                                            ,
Mi HORACE EVERETT sa.d the members
fiom Vermont weie requested to use their l lflu-
ence in furthe ing the objects of the resolutions
r iL l V VVN i-lied that by .he dc,.ruc ^^^T^^^^^Z
of 1 ,,t 1) iaware,PI„ladelUn.awaS left en i^^^ ™ ^disiespect to'the Legisla
r vwil. > it, r, tea  ... . nd tie .rat o.tant qaes            r   "uu.i                 from  Vermont     He  ha(
a-
tnre o« the meiibeis from Vermont He had
moved to lay the motion to punt on the table, to
avoid a long ard useless debate, foi which time
was no time He did not object to receiving the
views of a sovereign State fue íesolutions had
been received by the House, and by referring
them to a committee, nothing more, he conceived,
was necessary to be done
The question was then taken, and the motion to
print earned—yeas 159, nays 32.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Petitions and memonals were presented by-
Mr  JARVIS, of Maine,
Mt. HUBBARD, of New Hampshire,
Messrs JACKSON and PHILLIPS, of Mas-
fisch u setts
Mr BURGES, of Rhode Island;
Messrs HALL, SLADE, JAMES, and AL-
LEN, of Vermont;
Messrs WHITE, BEARDSLEY, DICKSON,
and HAZLETINE, of New York,
Mr PARKER, of New Jersey,
[Mr. Parker presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey, on the subject of the
Bank of the United States, the removal of the
public deposites, &c]
Messrs BANKS, KING, CLARK, STEW-
ART,COULTER,BURD,andSUTHERLAND,
of Pennsylvania,
Messrs KNIGHT, and A. H. SHEPPERD,
of North Carolina,
Messrs JOHNSON and DAVIS, of Ken-
tucky,
[Mr R. M Johnsom presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kentucky, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a national armoiy in said State ]
Messrs PATTERSON, VANCE, WHIT-
TLESEY, and HAMER, of Ohio;
[Mr Patterson presented the petition of the
citizens of Huron county, Ohio, praying that a
survey and estimate be made of the expense of
making a ship navigation around the Falls of
Niagaia ]
[Mr Hamer presented petitions fiom sundry-
citizens of Ohio, praying an alteration of the post
route from Bambndge to Maysville Also, peti-
tions from Brown county, Ohio, praying the estab-
lishment of a new post route from Decatur to Mays-
ville ]
Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Messrs HANNEGAN.KINNARD, and MC-
CARTY, of Indiana;
[Mr  Kinnard presented an additional docu-
ment in favor ot allowing the Leavenworth and
Bloommgton Railroad Company, in the State of
Indiana, to take materials from the public lands,
&c , foi the construction of said n d, which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands ]
Mi   PLUMMER, cf Mississippi,
Mr  RFYNOLDS, of Illinois,
Mr MARDIS, of Alabama,
[aii Mardis presented the petition of Henrietta
Bums, of Sumptercounty, Alabama,praying Con-
giess to pass a law granting to her a preemption
to a tract of land described in her petition ]
Mi   ASHLEY, of Missouri,
Mi   WHITE, of Florida,
Mi  Speakei BELL,
Winch petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately disposed of
RESOLUTIONS.
On notion of Mr  BURGES,
1     Ilesohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to report to this House, on the memorial
1 of the Marine Society in Providence, in the State
of Rhode Island, in relation to a marine hospital
to be established in the vicin.ty of that city, if
there be not time for that committee to report on
the expediency of that measure,  that they be
furthei instiucted to íeport forthwith to this House
I all the papers and documents which have been
I referred to them theieby
Mr BOCKEE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies one day
| Resulted, That the Secretary of War be directed
to commumca'e to this House the reason of his
I omission or refusal to place the names of Benedict
i A'vord and Robert Brush on the revolutionary
¡ pension roll, pursuant to the provisions of an act
282____________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        February 23
passed 30th June, 1834, entitled " An act for the
relief of Benedict Alvord and Robert Brush."
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of providing by law for the payment of the
claim of Henry Hoffmon for military services in
the war of the Revolution.
Mr. GAMBLE submitted the following resolu-
tion, by consent; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of the
report made to him by the engineer employed the
last summer in the examination of certain routes,
for railroads from the Atlantic to' the Mississippi
and its waters.
On motion of Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensiods be instructed to inquire into the propri-
ety of directing payment to be made to the heirs
of Levi Todd, of the amount of half pay claimed
by them to be due on account of the services of
said Levi Todd, as a lieutenant in the Virginia
regiment commanded by Colonel George Rogers
Clark, in the revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
removing the land office from Cincinnati to Green-
ville, Ohio.
' On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the erection of
barracks at Donaldson ville, in the State of Louis-
iana, for the accommodation of the troops of the
United States to be stationed at that place.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to remove the obstructions to the
navigation of vessels in the rivers Amite, Teche,
Chipahaw, and W est Pearl, in the State of Lou-
isiana.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this-House, at its next ses-
sion, the number of Spanish claims to land in
Florida now depending in the courts of that Ter-
ritory, under the act of Congress of 1828, the
amount of land claimed, the nature of the claim,
and by whom granted, with a schedule of those
made by the same officers, and for the same
objects, of those, confirmed by the Supreme Court
of the United States, and whether the lands cov-
ered by the titles are reserved from survey, or
sufficiently designated to be laid down on the
township plats.
Mr. MANN, of New York, by consent, offered
the following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, fhat the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to the next Congress, at the
commencement of their first session, a statement
showing the state and condition of the ordnance
and ordnance stores, under the control of the ord-
nance department; the number and kind of arms
nnd accoutrements and heavy ordnance on hand,
specifying the number and kinds fit for service;
the amount of money expended in each year at
the respective armories and arsenals, and the
general objects of such expenditure since their
establishment; the average cost of each kind of
ordnance and small-arms and accoutrements in
each year, showing the aggregate expense of
buildings, implements, and machinery, devoted to
the manufacture of arms at each armory; the
number of officers and workmen employed at the
respective armories and arsenals in each year, and
the number and kinds of arms produced; the ag-
gregate cost of the whole, and the average cost of
each description manufactured; and showing sep-
arately the expenditure for each year of buildings,
machinery, implements, workmen, and their num-
ber, in each year devoted to the manufacture of
Hall's patent rifles; the number annually pro-
duced, and the place where manufactured; the
average cost of each, including buildings, ma-
chinery, and all charges, and the number now
belonging to the United States.
Mr. HANNEGAN, on leave, presented the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate, No. 54,
being an act to improve the navigation of the river
Wabash, be made the special order of the day for
Thursday next, the 26th instant.
Mr. HANNEGAN remarked, on introducing
this resolution, that his object in asking the House
to make this bill the special order of the day for a
day certain, was the perfection of the bill itself so
as to ensure its success, should the House feel
inclined, as he hoped it did, to pass the bill. As
the matter now stood it was imperfect, and he
wished, before the measure was finally acted on,
to propose an amendment, by inserting a provision
for a port of entry—a provision necessary to the
final success of the object contemplated by the
bill. He -did not wish to excite debate at this
time, but when the bill came up, he would so
move to amend it, and an opportunity would then
be given for any discussion that might be con-
sidered necessary. Should the House adopt the
resolution, he would, on Thursday morning,
move a suspension of all the previous special
orders, for the purpose of considering this bill.
Mr. McCARTY was in favor of the resolution.
The bill was one of the utmost importance to a
large portion of the citizens of Indiana.
Mr. MERCER suggested that the resolution be
modified by addin? after the word " Wabash,"
" and such other bills as relate to roads and canals
and surveys thereon."
Mr. HANNEGAN accepted the modification;
when, after a short explanatory conversation
between Messrs. HANNEGAN, MERCER,
EVANS, McKENNAN.and SUTHERLAND,
the resolution was rejected.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported, without amendment, a bill
making an appropriation for holding a treaty
with the Camanche tribe of Indians; which was
committed.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into committee upon
several appropriation bills which he named.
Various other bills were named by different
individuals, which they desired to include in the
motion.
Mr. HUBBARD varied his motion so as to sus-
pend the rule generally, for the purpose of going
into committee, without designating any particular
bill or bills; which was agreed to—yeas 120, nays
38-                                                                   *
The House then, on motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. McKennan in
the chair.)
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the committee
took up bill No. 648, making additional appro-
priation for the Delaware breakwater, for certain
harbors, and removing obstructions in and at the
mouths of certain rivers, for the year 1835.
The bill was read through by the Cleik.
Mr. HUBBARD proposed an additional appro-
priation for the pier or breakwater in Dunkirk
harbor, New York, §9,570 l(i; and also a further
appropriation for filling up three hundred and fifty
yards with stone of the outer pier on the said
breakwater.
Agreed to.
Mr. II. also proposed a proviso to the bill,
giving the direction of these expenditures to the
War Department, &c.
Agreed to.
Mr. VINTON then proposed an appropriation
of $50,000 for the improvement of the Ohio river,
between Pittsburg and the falls, to be expended
under the direction of the War Department, and
explained the necessity that called for the appro-
priation, for the removal of certain bars on the
river which obstructed its navigation.
Mr. HA WES opposed the amendment as alto-
gether unnecessary. He was convinced that as
soon as one bar was removed the same causes
which had made it would make it in some other
part of the river, and in this way they might go on
and expend the whole treasury of the country,
and then effect no good.
Mr. HUBBARD said the committee had had
the   matter   under   consideration,  and   had  not
deemed it necessary to report in its favor.
Mr. DENNY was in favor of the amendment,
and denied that if one bar was removed another
Would take place; at least it would not generally
be the case. He hoped the Committee of th"
Whole House would not reject the appropriation
because the Committee of Ways and Means had
not entertained it.
Mr. CHAMBERS said this was an appropria-
tion in which the whole West was concerned, and
ought to oe deemed a national work, and to be
treated as such by that House. It extended over
hundreds of miles, and accommodated the interés
of millions. It facilitated the great chain of com
municalion between the East and the West, which
would be imperfect without the improvement of
the stream from Pittsburg to the Falls of the
Ohio.
Mr. LYTLE argued in favor of the appropria-
tion with considerable energy, in reply to Mr.
Ha wes. It was recommended by the appropriate
committee, the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and it was grounded upon the report of the gentle-
man (Captain Shreeve) in whom the whole coun-
try had confidence.
Mr. HARDIN gave an explanation relative to
the effect produced by removing the bars, which,
he contended, was generally productive of more
harm than good. If he thought otherwise, he,
should cheerfully vote for the item; buthis present
convictions would lead him to oppose it.
Mr. DICKINSON, of Tennessee, complained
of the system by which these appropriations were
made, and said, till a better plan was devised, he
hoped the bill would be rejected altogether. He
believed the works contemplated in the bill would
never be completed, and he called upon the mem-
bers of the South to interpose and puta stop toan
expenditure which now, under this bill, amounted
to above $300,000 for the present year. It would
be inconsistent to resist appropriations for improve-
ments on the sea-board, and to vote for one of the
same character in the "West.
Mr. POPE made a few remarks in favor of the
bill.
Mr. LANE was well acquainted with the Ohio
river; but he had no constitutional scruples on the
subject, for he would not give a fig for the con-
stitution if the treasury of the.nation could not
be expended in promoting such works as the pres-
ent. He explained what was necessary to be
done in removing the bars, and denied that they
would come up again. TheOhio river was, of all
others in the country, the most truly national,
and it was the duty of the Government to im-
prove it.                                             .
Mr. BOON said that he had lived near the Ohio
river upwards of twenty-three years, and within
twelve or fifteen miles of three bars, which have
• presented the greatest obstruction to the passage
of fiat-boats down the river, below the falls, as well
as to the passage of steamboats both up and down
the river.   The circumstance mentioned  by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] of a
flat-bottom boat or two having been injured, per-
haps lost, I am not disposed to controvert.   This
has happened, however, when the river was some
two  or three feet above low-water mark.    The
1 improvement  of those  bars  by   wing-dams,  is
¡ intended to improve the navigation of the river in
i times of low water.    This, sir, I know has been
! done at the Scuffletown bar, as also the French
j Island bar; and at the bar above the mouth of
Greene river, the improvement of it is in a state
of progress, which bids fair to result in a success-
ful improvement of the navigation of the river at
that place.
My residence near the bars which I have men-
tioned, has given me an opportunity of knowing
something of the effect which has been produced
by the improvement of the navigation of the river
at those points, by wing-dams. Before the im-
provement which has been made, i have known
from twelve to fifteen steamboats at one time to
be obstructed in their passage over those bars,
to say nothing of the great number of flat boats
that were obstructed in their passage down the
river, before the erection of wing-dams, at those
bars. But now that those improvements have
been made, and their utility tested, I am enabled
to state that steamboats of middle size can, and
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
do, pa's over the Sulfílete n bar at the lowest
stage of wale-, thereby extending active faculties
10 the contmrrce cari ej on up hi that river I
have thought it my duty to say thus much m
relation to what has come under my own obser
vation
Mr EWING maintained that it was not the
West alone that was lnteiested in this improve-
ment, but the South was equally so, and every
section of tut Union was more oriels so It was,
in his opinion, a perversion of the Constitution to
oppose the appropriation of the people's money
for the people's good Mr L proposed to amend
the amendir er t, by inserting; at the end of it, " for
improving me Wabasn §25 000 "
Mi HUBBARD submitted whether the amend-
ment was in order, a bill having been reported"
piovidmg for the same object
Mr E WING said the bill was not the same as
his amendment, for it piovided for a different
an ount, ^20,000
The CrillR decided the amendment out of
older, on the grounds set forth by Mr Hubbard
Mr STE W ART, of Pennsylvania, produced a
letter from Captain Shrieve, covering a statement
of the expenses of thepioposed improvement, with
his opinion of its propriety and expediency, &c ,
which was read by the Clerk, and Mr S supported
the amendment at some length
Mi CHILTON hoped the discussion would
be brought to an end, for this question had been
argued so frequently, from session to session, that
ail must be well versed in it
Mr BURD hoped the House would not draw
rn invidious distinction, by rejecting so small an
appropi lation for this part of the Ohio nvei, while
bo many nundreds of thousands were expended
elsewhere He believed the object within the
intent and meaning of the Constitution, for the
mean3 of the coun"y could be devoted to noooject
more national than that of improving its rivers,
which   vere the ve ns and ai tenes of the country
Mi ÍIAWES gave an explanation with refer
ence to his votes at last session He added that
the communication of the engineer confirmed him
in his opinion that the appropriation was nnneces
eary, and if made would be endless If $20,000
were expended, it would necessarily involve an
expenditure of $40 000, and as soon as §40,000
were expended, $80 000 more would be required,
and- so it would go on He believed moie harm
than good would ensue, and he would never give
his vote for destroying the navigation of this beau
tifiil river
Mr LYTLE airam addressed the committee m
favor of the a nendrrent, and maintained that its
character was pecu ia>dy national, and was scarce-
ly equalled in point of importance If, howevei,
the issue was to be made of opposing all appro-
pria ions for improvements in the West, Mr L
should oppose equally those in other sections of
ihe country, which weie not more national than
the one now under consideration
Mr W7H1TTLESCY, of Ohio, said a few
woids on the same subject
Mi H^RDIJN was as solici'ous as any gen-
tleman could be for the improvement of the Ohio
r ver, provided it was productive of benefit, but
he was still convinced that the removal of the
bars would do, as it had done heretofore, harm
When one bar was removed, generally a worse
one wis foimed instead of it Mr H contended
that the West had no light to comrla'n By the
compact thiee peí cent of the produce oí the
public lands in Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois, were
to be exnended m m'ernal impiovemen's, but if
the whole of the land within the (uangle foimed
by those th'ee States were sold at the full Drice
of a dollar and a quaiter an acie, it would barely
make one third of the amount abeady expended
theieupon the Cumberland road Mr H entered
into an ex ilanatiou with ¡eference to his course
on the Portland and Louisville canal He had
voted to take up the subject, but he explained the
difficu'ties he was under, whether he should vote
foi it or not to one of his colleagues, and had he
been present when the vote was taken, he in-
tended to have asked leave to be excused fi om
voting
Mr JOEINSON, of Louisiana, referred to a
survey made for the improvement of the mouth
of the Mississippi, and thought the amount con-
templated in tne amendment might, wnh more
propriety, be devoted to the subject
M. VINTON oe-ired the clerk to read the
concluding part of Captain Shrieve's letter, to
show the importance of the improvement
Mr HUBBARD little thought the bid would
have brought up such a discussion He would
?PPeal to the gentleman from Tennessee himself
[Mr Dickinson] to say if there was anything con
stitutionally objectionable in it Of the $,300,000
appropriated in the bill,$60,000 were for western
I harbors, and the amount for new entries did not
exceed $20,000 It moreover contained already
§50,000 for the Ohio, Mississippi, and Missoun
It had been argued in favo, Oí the amendment
that the Committee on Roads and Canais, weie for
it, why, then, had they not reported a bill for the
purpose' The Committee of Ways and Means
could not be expected to do it He denied that
the bill was exclusively foi the benefit of the sea-
board, for it only appropriated §17,000 for New
I England He hoped the bill would be reported
as it stood
Mr DICKINSON, of Tennessee, again reit-
eiated his objections to the bill
Mr SUTHERLAND rose to urge the friends
of the bill not to debate it, but to act, if they did
I not wish to kill it    He referred to several bills
which he  was desirous of bringing before the
committee,involving no constitutional difficulties
¡     The question was then taken, and the amend-
I ment was agreed to—yeas 79, nays 54
Mr  BARBER moved an amendmentappropn-
ating $25,000  for lemoving obstiuctions in the
! Thames river, Connecticut
Negatived
Mi PARKEP^ proposed an amendment appro-
pi latmg for the protection and securing Flat Beach,
alias Tucker\ Island, Little Egg Haibor, New
Jersey, §5 695 40, and sent to tr-e Clerk-s table a
report of tne engineer thereon
Mi SUTHERLAND objected to the amend
ment on the principle that it was for anew work,
and was now before the Committee on Commerce,
to whom it had been referred by a resolution
introduced by the gentleman fiom New Jersey
himself
The amendment was rejected
Mr BE VTFY moved an item of §25,000 for
improving the navigation of the Cumberland r vei
I Mr B made a brief explaration in favor of t"e
proposed appropi iat,on, and said that he had been
informed at the War Department, that the report
of the engineer on the subject would be sent to
■the House to morrow The vicinity of the river
contained bituminous coal, iron, copperas, and
other ore, sufficient to supply the whole continent,
all of which were now lying useless for want of
improving the navigation of the Cumbeiland
nvei
The amendment was rejected—ayes 49, noes
not counted
Mr WATMOUGH proposed an item of
§7,000 to lemove the bar at the mouth of the
Schuylkill
Mi  POPE asked if there had been any sur
vev
I     Mr  WATMOUGH replied in the negative
Mr SUTHERLAND said, some four or five
years ago he had attempted to get a survey made
for this very object, and the con-mittee to wh ch
Mi S belonged intended to report a bill for that
purpose
Mr WATMOUGH asked if the gentleman
was opposed to the amendment, as Mr W wished
that fact should be known elsewhere as well as in
that House
Mr SUTHERLAND again explained The
subject was under consideration by the committee
of which Mi S was a member, and would be
reported upon in the present session
The amendment was rejected without a di-
vision
Mr MERCER moved an item for defraying
the expense of surveys puisuant to the act of
30th Ami!, 1S34, §30,000
Negatived—a> es 6a, noes 71
Mi HA WES pioposed an amendment for the
improvement of Green river, Kentucky,§25,000
Mr TRUMBULL moved an item of §25,000
for improvements at the mouth of the Connecticut
river
Mi SUTHERLAND t,aiu the subject was
embraced ma.bill leported from the Committee
on Commerce
flie amendment was rejected
Mr LYON offered an amendment for the im-
provement of the haibor of the mouth of St.
Joseph's nver, in the Terutory of Michigan,
§10,000
Mr HAWES jocesely asked if the place was
in Canada or in tne United States
Mi LYON said the whole section of country in
its vicinity was in the Untied States
surveyor general or Illinois.
The bill was then laid aside, and the committee,
on motion of Mr MAY, took up the bill (No
587) providing foi the establishment of a surveyor
general's office in the State of Illinois
Mi KINNARD moved to amend the bill by
inserting a piovision for the appointment of a
surveyor genera! for Indiana, to reside at Indian-
apolis
Mi K remarked that the Committee on the
Public Lands, at the last session, were m favor of
this pioposition He did not believe that the
House would be disposed to give any advantage
to one State over another, in this particular He
urged the propriety of his amendment as pecu-
liarly propei in reference to certain constitutional
provisions of that State, prohibiting the reduction
of the s ze of any county below a given number
of squaie miles
The amer dment was disagreed to, when the bill
was then laid aside
INDIAN ANNUITIFS.
The committee, on motion of Mi POLK, took
up the bill making appiopnations for Indian an-
nuities, and other similar objects for 1835
Several amendments, some meielyof a verbal
character, were agreed to
On motion, the committee then lose, and the
chairman [Mi McKevnan] reponed the forego-
ing billt,, with their amendments, to the House
On motion of Mr  HARDIN,
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Tlesday, Fehuary 24, 1835
Petitions and   memorials were presented by —
Messrs BUCHANAN, HENDRICKS, and
LINN
Mi FREL1NGHUYSEN, fiom the Commit-
tee on Indian Affi-irt,, to which was referred the
memorial of John Ross, a Cheiokee Indian,
leported the following resolution-
Resolved, In it the said memorial be referred to
the President of the Umted^States, and that the
Pr sident be lequested to ascertain the facts on
which said memorial is founded, and the amount
of reservation of which the Cherokees have been
deprived a¿ stated, and cause a repoit of the
whole case to be laid before the Senate at the
open.ng of the next session of Congress
Mr SILABEE, fiom the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill from the House for the
relief of VVilliam McLean, and the owners of the
fishing schooner Milo, which, on his motion, was
taken up foi consideiation and postponed indefi-
nitely
Mr PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported the bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives, granting oensions to Benjamin Leslie,
Wi'liam Baden, and James Harnngton
Mr TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported the bills from the House granting pen-
s.ons to Ephraim P Gilbert and William Wilge,
and, also, that the bill from the House granting a
pension to George McFadden, ought not to pass
Mi TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
repoited the bill fiom the House to establish a
pension agency at Russelville, in Kentucky
AUo, the bill to provide for payingcertam pen-
sioners at Jackson, in tne State of Tennessee;
both which bi'ls were severally considered as m
Cjmmittee of the Whole, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading
BUSINESS OF CONGRESS.
Mr WEBSTER rose and said it was his inten-
tion at an earlier period of the session, to have
drawn the attention of the Senate to a matter
284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
which he considered a great and growing diffi-
culty in Congress Those of us who have been
here longest, have felt that the accumulation of
private business has been so great, and is increas-
ing, that it threatens to oveiwhelrn us lie was
desirous that some measure should be introduced
for the purpose of reducing tne number of appli-
cations to Congress upon private business He
would oftei a joint íesoiuüoh, which he held in
his hand, not foi consideration now, but to let it
lie on the table, that it might meet the attention
of Congress and of the people, in the hope that,
at the next session, which is the long session,
some action may be had upon it
Mr. W. then submitted the following joint res-
olution.
Mesolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States ofJLmei tea m Congress assembled,
That a joint committee of the two Houses, 'o con-
sist of-------members of each House, be appointed
for the following purposes, viz
1    To examine the general nature of the pnvate
acts which have passed Congress within the last
five years, to ascertain their numbers,and to class-
ify them according to their subjects
2   To consider the practicability of diminish-
ing the number of private applications to Con-
gress, either by vesting the authority of deciding
on such claims, or some of them, in some public
board, or m the several depaitmenls, or by other
proper provision, and to report theieon
THE CUMBERLAND RIVER.
agreeably to notice given, Mr CLAY abked
and obtained leave to bung m a joint resolution,
directing the approptiation heretofoie made for
improving the Cumberland river, to be applied as
well above as below Nashville, which was read
twice by unanimous consent, as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time
FORTiriCATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the fortifica-
tions of the United States, foi the year 1835, was
read the third time and passed.
PUBLIC LAND TO MACKINAW.
The amendments  by the House  to  the bill
granting a lot of land to the borough of Mack-
inaw, for public purposes, were concurred in
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were read
twice and referred
The bill to confirm certain claims to land in
Louisiana,
A bill for the relief of the hens and legal repre-
sentatives of James Latham, deceased,
A bill to provide foi opening ceitain roads in
the Territory of Arkansas, and for other pur-
poses,
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle the claim of Orange H Dibble, foi
losses upon materials, woik, and labor done on
his contract for building a bridge over the Poto-
mac, at Washington, and
A bill for the improvement of the harbor at
Lake Michigan
FLORIDA RAIIROAD.
The amendments of the House to the bill to
authonze the construction of a raihoad from Tal-
lahassee to St Marks, in Floiula, were taken up
for consideration, and the bill and amendments
were referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
LEMUEL TANNER.
The bill for the relief of Lemuel Tanner, as-
signee, &c , was read the third time and passed
BRANCH MINTS.
The bill for establishing branches of the mint
of the United States in North Carolina, Georgia,
and New Orleans, being under consideration on
its third reading,
Mr HILL said, that having voted steadily
against the bill for creating three additional mints,
which must be conducted exclusively at the ex-
pense of the people of the United States, and
against some of those Senators with whom he had
the happiness, generally, to agiee, he felt a neces-
sity for explaining the grounds on which he gave
hi  votes.
Mr H had been struck very forcibly, when the
blanks, were filled up, with the fact that the sala- |
ríes for  the several officers of the mint at New
Orleans were placed fiom  twenty-five to unity- I
three per cen*   higher than would be expected at I
any other point of the Union     In addition to '
this., it was to be obseived, that during the sickly
season of from llu'elokix mon'hs in the yen,
the operations ot  the mint at that pkce mist Le
suspended     The additional expense of coming at
New Orleans must be fai greatei than the expense
ot  tiaiisportation would   be  from   New Organs
back and forward to the mint at Philadelphia
Mr H. considered that Lojisulle, in Ken-
tucky, would be a far preferable point foi a mint
it would be moie central loi the westein country,
and the di*Feierce of the expense of coinage at
the two places in favor of Lou.sville would much
more than pay all fhe expenses of liansportation
back and forwaid of the bullion or material for
coinage
Mr H said, if he could believe for a moment
that the establishment of these three new mints
would be the means of introducing a specie cir-
culation—would change the circulation of paper
for that of the precious metals—he would consent
to incur some expense to the treasury to eiect
such an object He believed that the introduc-
tion cf the new mints would not make hard money
more plpnty A large poi Hon of the gold which
would be coined at New Oileans would not be
from bullion 01 native go'd, but from gold already
coined The recent law had made all foi eijn gold
a tender—so that the coinage of gold in any vi-
cinity could not and would not make gold more
plenty. That cnculation must depend on other
circumstances—on the prohibition, by the State
and local Legislatures, of papei bills of certain de
nominations
It had been said that the gold finding business
required protection the bill of the last session of
Congress had laised the value of gold six percent
Mr. H lefeired to the last report of the direct-
or of the mint at Philadelphia, by which it ap-
peared that the gold coinage at the mint during
the last year, (half eagles $3,G60,845,and quarter
eagles $293,425,) has " exceeded the aggiegate
coinage of gold during the nine piecedmg years,"
and that the amount of silver coinage in the same
time exceeds by about one quaitei of a million of
dollars the coinage of any pieviousyeai He also
showed from that leport, that of the gold received
during last yeai, &89S 000 was recened fiom the
gold legions of the United States, £,225,000 from
Mexico, South Amenca, and the West Indies,
$2,180,000 fiom Emope, $12 000 from Africa,
and J>9,000 from sources not ascertau ed, and that
of the whole amount received fiom Euiope, about
four-fiftns were in foieign coins
This statement fiom the mint at Philadelphia
showed most conclusively that this institution was
ample for all the wants ot the country The gold
coinage of the last single half year had exceeded
the whole gold coinage of the last nine yems—
while the siivei coinage had exceeded that of any
previojs year The importation of gold, íesultmg
from its increased value, had been greater during
the last year than cou'd be calculated on hereaf-
ter, and it was found that the mm tat Philadelphia,
even with its piesent force, was ample foi the
coinage of all that could be required for the suo
ply of the whole United State-. If, in a lime
like the present, the National Mint is sufficient
for all ■the wants of the nation, of what seivice
can three additional mints be to the countrj,
when the importation of gold and silver shall be
discontinued' In time of wai, the opeiations of
the mint will be stopped, but the saianes of the
officers and men will go on, and this bill will
establish and create from twenty to tmrty officeis,
with larger salaries than the highest and most
responsible officers in many States ot the Union.
1 object to the bill (said Mr H ) because, after
incurring an expense in the outlay of half a mil-
lion of dollars, it wdl fix a permanent annual ex-
penditure of one hundred thousand dollars, and
all this, when the gold, silver, and copper, aie
coined, not for the benefit of the who'e people,
but for the benefit of individuals Even if there
should be no coinage, the expenses of the several
mint establishments must go on
Mr. H. said the statement made in the Senate on
Saturday relative to the thirteen mints in France,
Pad induced him to make inquiry in lelation to
the fact.    He said theie Were thirteen minis m
] France   but omy three of them were authorized
, to coin gold      The mints of Fiance had this nn-
pcitant d fference   fiom the mint of the United
States—they wete m the nature of private inslitu
tionJ     The mint of the United States was a pub
lie institution, coining g ftuitously for n dividuals
| all of the precious metals tnat may be committed
I to its charge     He quoted fiom Goldsmith'  Sta-
| tistics of 1 ranee, by which  it was bhown that
the charges for coinage at the Royal M ints in that
I country weie 29 centimes for eveiy 100 flanes m
I gold, [hat is, 20 cen tunes for Ices, ano 9 centimes for
¡ coming, and on silvei, one fianc and fitly certimes
for every one hundred frarc , that is, one franc
¡ foi   coining,   and   fifty   centimes   for   los^      He
I showec' from this book that in the year 1827, the
pi ofits fiom the mints, after paying all ex¡ ens<s
of lecoimng  and   sala'ies  to  ihe  Govenmenr,
amounted to 120 000 fiancs, or about 4,23,000    If
(said Mr   H ) the mints in this country were
founded on the  same  principle as they are m
Fiance, he would have no objection to addirg three
to the pie en' numbei, oi any additional number
In England there is but a single mint, as theie
is in this country, and it is a Goveinme it institu-
tion, nearly similar to tha„ of the United States
FromRees't, Cyclopediaj'he found ibeaceountthat
in foimei times there was a mint m neaily ever/
county of England, that at this time there is only
one single mint foi the whole of England, Scot-
land, and Ireland     That mint is in London, and
the single institution pioduces coin with so great
facility, that the whole wants of the coun'iy are
by it supplied     As one mint in that countiy is
sufficient for the whole United Kingdom, so one
mint will be ample for the coinege of all that the
wants of this country may requite
The Senator fiom Missoun [Mr Benton] has
declared the system of mints to be a pan of the
haid money system I will not yield to any gen-
tleman that he is more the friend of a haid money
currency than I am myself He supposes hard
money cannot be diffused through the West and
the South, if these mints shall not be established
He should recollect that banks are the natuial
enemies of a hard money circulation, especially
will bank notes of a small denomination duve out
of circulation hard money Haid money, gold
soveieig|is,and Spanish milled dolíais, and Fiench
ciowns, was moie plenty within the British pro
vince of Canada, until local banks were there
established, than I have ever known it tc be in the
United States Specie was constantly biought
fiom that province in quantities Yet the mints
at which this hard money was pioduced, were
thousands of miles distant So at New Otleans,
until banks were there established, specie, gold
doubloons, and silver dollars, were theie always
to be had in abundance Drive small bank notes
out of circulation, and no additional mint can be
wanted to give th*. people all the gold and silver
they may desire
We have had, very recently, (said Mr H ,) a
severe lecture on executive patronage, in the report
of a committee on that subject Is it not matter
of suipnse that gentlemen who should take a con-
spicuous part in that committee should, in a few
days thereafter, advocate the passage of a law
wh'ch will invest the Executive with an additional
annual patronage of at least $100,000'
The leport of the committee he considered a
valuable document for some purposes Mr II.
said he had a large number of extra copies of this
leport sent to him. He thought the report did
not represent facts in then Hue light, and on that
account he did not feel disposed to distnbute with
alacrity such a document But he considered it
valuable for another purpose He desn etl to have
it always before membeis of Congress, when they
had under consideiation such projects for expend-
ing the people's money as that of the mints which
was now before us Mr H read several para-
giaphsfrom Mr Calhoun's leport, among which
was the following
" Experience has shown that it is next toimpos-
' sible to reduce the public expenditure with an
' o\ erfiowing treasury; and not much less difficult
' to reduce patronage without a reduction of ex-
'penditure-, or, in other words, that the nost
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
'simple and effectual mode of retienchmg the
'supeifluous expenditure of the Government; to
' inuoduce a spirit of frugality and economy in the
' administration of public affairs; to correct the
'corruption and abuses of the Government, and,
' finally, to arrest the progress of power, is to heme
' the money in the pockets of those who made it, where
• all laws, human and divme, place u, and from
1 which itcannotbe removed by Governmentitself,
' except for its necessary and indispensable wants,
' without violation of its highest trust, and the most
' sacked principles of justice "
Mr H agreed cordially with the opinion here
expressed, and hoped that parts of this report would
be referí ed to as a text book for present and future
legislators
in conclusion Mr H said he saw no possible
advantage in the erection of three new mints, the
expenditure was unnecessary; it could not be
accompanied by corresponding benefits. He must,
therefore, continue to oppose the bill, as he had
heretofore done
Mr BLACK said he found himself in an un-
pleasant situation with respect to the bill before
the Senate He stood alone among the southern
delegation on this subject. He thought one
branch enough for the South. Tnere were objec-
tions to so many different branches on account of
the diversity of dies, and the difference in the
alloy that might be used at each place. He would
movea recommitment of the bill with instructions,
so to amend it as to strike out all the branches
except one, and that one to be located in either of
the States ofNorth Carolina, Georgia, or Louisi-
ana
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN said that he found,
bv the report of the directoi of the mint, that he
never intended more than one blanch m the gold
region, and one at New Orleans According to
the estimates of the director, (Mr F. said,) it
would be cheaper for the United States to pay for
transporting the gold to Philadelphia than to estab-
lish these branches.
Mr CLAY said he would acknowledge the
efficient support which the Senator from New
Hampshne [Mr. Hill] had brought to the op-
posers of the bill. Politics (said Mr. C ) made
strange bed-fellows sometimes of contending op-
ponents If the honorable Senator would always
stand on such firm giound, he would hug him
still closer to himself The occasion gave rise to
strange reflections For who would have thought
a few days ago, after hearing the eloquent appeal
of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun-]
against the increase of executive patronage, that
the same Senator would so soon be advocating its
increase, and the Senator from New Hampshire
opposing it ?
Mr C. stud he would refer to the practical '
statements of the honorable gentleman from New j
Hampshire Here Mr C went into a calculation I
of the expense of transportation, &c , compared j
with 'hat of establishing these blanches                '
Mr  WAGGAMAN said, at that late period of j
the session to lecommit the bill was to destroy it,
as was well known to the mover
Mr. W. said the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] had argued very disingenuously He had
deserted the high gtound on which his eloquence
had placed him, and resorted to ridicule in order
to defeat the bill.
Mr. W had made a calculation of the expenses
of transportation, and differed almost $100,000
fiom the statements of the Senator fiom Kentucky
Mi W. said New Orleans was the greatest ex-
porting city in the Union, and her prospects were
daily 'increasing It was the outlet of rivers
navigable more than thirty thousand miles, and
irrigating a countty capable of supporting a popu-
lation of more than 150,000,000 of inhabitants.
Mr. CLAY said a few words in reply.
Mr BROWN said, he regretted that the two
Senators [Mr Hill and Mr. Clay] who seldom
acted together, had taken that opportunity to use
their united effoits to defea  a bill in which his
State was so deeply interested. He had thought
the arguments exhausted on Saturday, and if the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr Clay] had labored
under any delusion as to the votes at that time, he
hoped the vote about to betaken would undeceive
him. He could assure the honorable Senator that
they did not come as mendicants to ask the chanty
of Government, but they came as citizens to claim
their rights.
Mr. CALHOUN said, they were not to be for-
ever neglected. There was a fundamental principle
which should be considered that this Government
was not a single community, but composed of
twenty-four separate and mdependentStates. The
individual rights of one part were not to be sacri-
ficed to the ideal welfare of the whole. The United
States had taken it into their own hands to regu-
late the coinage, and they were bound to supply
the wants of each section It must be borne in
mind that we were a community of States, united
for the benefit of the States. He had been ac-
cused of advocating an increase of executive
patronage He was opposed to every measure
tending to its increase, where the public wants did
not absolutely require it But we might as well
refuse the usual appropriations for fortifications,
of which the Senator from Kentucky is a strenuous
advocate
Mr. BLACK replied that he was not opposed
to establishing a blanch at New Orleans, but
thought the other two altogether unnecessary
Mr CALHOUN said the two branches in ihe
gold regions would be five or six hundred miles
apart, and the transportation must be carried on
wholly by land; therefore two was as necessary
as one.
Mr. CLAY said the Senator from North Caro-
lina had retorted upon him the accusation of favoi -
ing executive patronage, because he had voted in
favor of fortifications. To be sure, he was in
favoi of some fortifications, but not to the extent
marked out by the aspiring genius of that hon-
orable Senator The gentleman told us of the
necessary extensions of patronage of the Govern-
ment. All executive patronage (said Mr. O )
was founded on public necessities. All the extras
of that wretched department which had made all
sick at the heart—all Obadiah B Brown's extras,
were for public necessities.
The location of one of the branches in a country
(the Cheiokee country) yet held sacred by the
legislation of Congiess, was an insuperable objee |
tion. While the rightful owners of the lands
were in this city beseeching the protection of the
Goveinment, should they be turned away, in-
sulted by the establishment of a mint in their ter-
ritories ?
Mr CALHOUN explained his views of the
system of fortifications He did not think the
Indians had any claim on that portion of country
where the location was proposed to be made He
did not believe there was an Indian within thnty
miles of the place.
Mr. CÜTHBERT said, having heard the name
of his State mentioned so often, he felt himself
called upon to rise He would follow the course
which the Senate would wish him to follow; he
would use no expression which would provoke an
angry discussion, he would rest, where Georgia
rested, firm and at ease. Georgia did not wish
to agitate the Indian question there; she would
firmly persevere in her own course
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN said.he did not wish
to bring forwaid a discussion on the course that
Georgia had taken. She might pursue her course
as an independent State, but her actions should
not be sanctioned there. The American people
were bound by the most solemn treaties to pro-
tect that injured nation, now hunted down like a
partridge on the mountains. Georgia did not
plead here, as the Senator has said, but we should
plead here. He hoped the Senate would pause
before it tarnished the sacred honor of the nation
Mi KING, of Georgia, said he had been ac-
tively engaged in his duties on a committee, which
he could not abandon without a gross dereliction
of duly. He had not, therefore, heard the aigu-
ment on this subject, except what had just fallen
from the Senatoi fiom New Jeisey He under-
stood the objection of that Senator to the estab-
lishment of a branch of the mint id Georgia to be
that the territory on which the establishment was
to be made, was a subject of negotiation between
the United States and Georgia, the object of which
was to restore the country to the Cherokees He
said the validity of sucn an objection would rest
somewhat on the probability of success in any
such project Who believed that the country
would ever be receded by Georgia?    Did any
seriously purpose such nonsense?   Why should
we be influenced in a practical measure of legis
¡ation by connecting it with a measure impracti-
cable in its nature?
Mr K. said this "was a practical question, of
what is—and not a moral inquiry of what ought
to be? Whatever might have been the past his-
tory of the Indian country, it could not alter the
present condition of the country. Georgia, right
or wrong, could not now recede. Georgia ought
not to recede Georgia would not now recede.
The country was regularly organized—represent-
ed in the Legislature—and as fully incorporated]
with the State government as any other portion
of her territory. Why then speculate upon this
measure? It was said by the Senator who had
just taken his seat, that the honor of the Union
was concerned in obtaining back the Cherokee
lands to comply with solemn treaties. If we wished
to restore our national honor, we would have to
do something more than get back this country.
Where were the countless thousands of the abo-
rigines who once reigned in wild independence
from Maine to Louisiana ? Their bones now en-
riched the soil of which they had been robbed.
And although a necessary State policy required
that Georgia should have the jurisdiction of this
country, the Cherokees were offered more for it
than it would sell for if exposed lot by lot at pub-
lic auction, with fair competition. He would not
go into the Cherokee question at present, further
than to add, that it could constitute no reasonable
objection to the measure proposed
An argument much dwelt upon, and which
seemed to be considered most triumphant, had
just been repeated. It was stated that Govern-
ment might as well be called on to transport to
market all the products of the country as to pay
the loss on the uncoined metal exported by the
mines. Mr. K. did not think the argument at all
applicable Theie was no restriction upon the
States or their citizens in the manufacture of other
products, but such products could be manufac-
tured, sold, or appropriated in any way that local
policy might dictate as most profitable or advan-
tageous. But a restriction on the right of coinage
was surrendered to the Union for the common
benefit. And, therefore, the loss should be borne
as a general charge.
Mr K. then went into the subject of the pres-
sent gold coinage, and said that gentlemen were
mistaken in fact, when they stated that gold had
been raised so high as to depreciate it below a par
value with silver; on the contrary, at the South,
the new com was generally sold at a premium
After some further remarks, exolanatory of the
amount of loss to the mines for the want of a
mint, and the manner in which it was increased,
and the advantages which will accrue to the coun-
try by the measure proposed, Mr K. concluded,
with the hope that tne.bill would pass as a meas-
ure due to those parts of the country interested
in the measute
Mr BENTON said he felt extremely solicitous
about the fate of the bill, as at that time of the
session the vote on the recommitment would be
decisive of its passage He considered the bill but
the commencement of a series of measures to
restore a sound and metallic currency to the coun-
try; and opposition to the bill was a measure in
favor of papei instead of gold He would con-
tinue to combat a paper cunency in every form,
when in the Bank of the United States, deposite
banks, or local banks.
Mr BLACK thought the question had nothing
to do with the currency He was m favor of a
gold currency
Mr CLAY rose to vindicate his State against
the insinuation of the Senator from Georgia He
denied that Kentucky had ever taken an acre of
land from the Indians without paying for it
The hour of three o'clock having arrived, the
Senate, agreeably to a vote of yesterday, had a
recess until five
EVENING SESSION
At five o'clock, when the Senate was called to
order,
Mr. CLAY objected to putting the question
until the seats of the Senators were filled, and on
his motion the Sergeant at-Arms was directed to
bring in the abseot members.
286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
After some further discussion by Messrs.
KNIGHT, WAGGAMAN, BENTON, -EW-
ING, CALHOUN, PORTER, and CLAY, the
question on recommitting, with instructions, was
put. and decided by yeas and nays, as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Black, Buchanan, Clay,
Clayton, Ewmg, Frelmghuysen, Goldsborough,
Hill, Knight, McKean, Morns, Naudain, Rob-
bins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton,
Tomlinson, and Webster—21
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Hendricks, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum,
Porter, Preston, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley,
Tallmadge, Tyler, Waggaman, White, and
Wnght—22
So the motion to recommit was rejected.
On the final passage of the bill, the yeas and
nays being desired, were ordered, and were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Hendricks, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum,
Morris, Porter, Preston, Robinson, Ruggles,
Shepley, Tallmadge, Tyler, Waggaman, Web-
ster, White, and Wi lght—24
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Black, Buchanan, Clay,
Clayton, Ewmg, Frelmghuysen, Goldsborough,
Hill, Knight, McKean, Naudain, Robbms, Sila-
bee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton, and Tom-
linson—19.
So the bill passed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which the same was recommitted, reported
the bill supplementary to the act to establish the
judicial system of the United States, amended,in
accordance with the instructions of the Senate.
Mr CLAYTON briefly explained the nature of
the bill as amended. It attaches Maryland to the
fifth district and Delaware to the third district,
thereby abolishing the fourth dibtnct altogether.
It also provides for erecting a new district, to be
composed of the States of Louisiana, Alabama,
and Mississippi, and another of Missouri, Illi-
nois, and Indiana, and provides also for the
appointment of another Judge of the Supreme
"Court.
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
waa ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
By unanimous consent the bill was put upon its
third reading, when
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and are as follows, to
wit:
YEAS—Messrs. Bel!, Benton, Bibb, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Ewmg, Fre-
lmghuysen, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Kane,
King of Alabama, Kmg_ of Georgia, Knight,
Leigh, Lane, McKean, Naudain, Poiter, Preston,
Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee, Southard, Swift,
Tipton, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—31
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Cuthbert, Hill,
Shepley, and Tallmadge—5.
So the bill was passed
RELIEF OF THE DISTRICT CITIES
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the Senate
took up for consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the relief of the cities oí Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and Alexandria.
Mr TYLER said that last year, when this
same subject was before Congress, it met with
considerable opposition At this session the Dis-
trict Committees of the two Houses met in joint
session, and it was with considerable difficulty that
the committees could agiee upon a measure of
relief The city of Washington has contracted a
large foreign debt, which it cannot discharge with-
out the interposition of this Government. By the
arrangements which have oeen made with regard
to their debts, the cm¿ens of this city are ten-
dered liable to have then property sold Last
year, undei the same pressing necessity, the sum
of $70 000 was voted for then telief, and now the
reasons for relief have come before Congress with
accumulated force; and the probability is, that for
the •coming year there will not be $14,000 of
available funds in then treasury; and their prop-
erty is subject to the influ nce of the act of the
Government     Tne agents of the foreign creduois
are here, ready to purchase the propeify of these
citizens of Washington under the hammei; so that
there is danger, emphatically, that this city may
be " sold to the Dutch." Two íemedies present
themselves to our consideration for this case,
either to pay oif the debt, or grant present íehef
To the first, some gentlemen thought a question
of pimciple stood in the way; and he, (Mr. T ,)
who was among the straight laced in regard to
the constitutional poweis of Congress, confessed
that the principle was an obstacle in his mind,
for he thought Congress could just as well, and
with as much justice, pay off the debts of private
individuals. He therefore thought that this was
by far the best remedy of granting íehef. It is
placed in some sort on the footing of a loan, and
looks to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal stock
for indemnity, on the ground that they will sur-
render all their interests in this canal to the Gov
eminent. He held, that as a fund had arisen fiom
the sale of public loU in Washington, amounting
to some $GO0,O00, Congiess had a right to apply
that sum to any puiposes they might think proper
within the District, and thp reason foi extending
them relief was enhanced when it was recollected
that Congress itself held out inducements to sub-
scribe to this stock, and thus to incur the debt
Mr. BIBB said, he was last year opposed to the
bill giving rehel to this city, but since then he had
examined the question, and deliberately come to
the conclusion that we ought to grant íehef. On
reading the act under which this burthensome
loan had been made, he thought Congress vveie
under a pledge to pay the debt Undoubtedly it
is an act which on its face bears the impression
of the encouragement of Congress to go into these
expenses, and to borrow money on their own
responsibility. He believed that the people here
had to pay a higher tax than was paid by any
other people in the United States He believed
the average of taxes usually was six and ten cents
upon the assessment of every one hundred dollars,
here the assessment was one dollar and twenty
five cents upon that assessment. And as Con-
gress has been the means by which this state of
things has been introduced and imposed upon this
city, and as we are their local Legislatuie, ihey
ought to be fieed from so very oppressive a
burthen. !t is only appropriating those funds
which have been donated to the Government of
the United Stale'.
Mr BLACK said he was opposed to this prop-
osition lai>tyeai, when it was reduced toan appro-
priation of $70,000 foi one year,and then adopted
upon the express undei standing that it was not to
be pressed again The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Ylr Webster] then declared m his place,
that when the application was made to Congress
for permission to incur this debt, the people of
Washington used persuasions and supplications
for the purpose, and he waintd them against
mcurnng it, on the ground that they never would
be able to pay it The law, he confessed, was a
singular one, and it was only to be accounted for
on the ground that it was formed upon their own
solicitation. He would lather vote for the bill as
a gift than as a loan, for if it is loaned, it is gone
forever, just as if u is given, and we have the
same authority to give as to loan But it is
biought forward now in a new dress, and m a
more imposing form, and appealing to our feel-
ings He was opposed to the bill on constitu-
tional giounds, and asked the yeas and nays upon
the bill, which wereordeied.
Some further remarks were made by Mr
SOUTHARD and Mr LEIGH m favor of the
bill, and by Mr BLACK against it, when, with-
out taking the question
On motion of Mr  FRELINGHUYSEN,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, rebiumy 24, 183")
Petitions were prtrented, on leave, by Messrs
CAGEind BURGES
Mr PIERCE, of New Hemipshire, from the
Committee on the Jud ciary, reported a bill to
extend the patent of Robert Eastman for seven
years, whicn was read twice aad ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, repoited the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That on Wednesday morning, after
reading the Journals and receiving reports from
committees, this House will appropriate one hour
to the consideration of the following bills:
A bill to render permanent the present mode
of supplying the army of the United States;
A bill íespectmg the appointment oí three addi-
tional paymasters;
A bill respecting the topographical corps,find
A bill respecting the corps of engineers.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Itesolved, That this House will, on Thursday
next, from and after the hour of one o'clock, pio-
ceed to consider bills reported by the Committee
on the Disti ict of Columbia.
Mr R. M. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported the following joint reso-
lution, which was read twice and ordeied to be
engrossed for a third reading'
Resdved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Unitid States of America m Congiess
assembled, That the system of discipline and tac-
tics prepared by Major General Scott, under the
direction of the War Depaitment, and in con-
foimity with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentares of April 8'h, 1834, shall be, and the
same is hereby, established for thegovernment of
the army of the United States and of the militia
Mr CONNOR, from the Comrilittee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed !o:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House continue
the services of the individual employed by him,
under a resolution of the last session, to make
certain maps for the use of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads
  Mr CAVE JOHNSON, fiom the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported the following
resolution.
Resolved, That a translator of the French and
Spanish languages be employed by the Clerk of
this House tor two years, whose duty it shall be
to translate foi the useof the House as well as the
Land Office, all such documents and papers es
may be necessary for the aUion of the House, and
its commiUees, as well ab the Land Office, and
that the said tianslator be allowed the sum of
eight hundred dollars foi each year.
Mi JOHNSON explained the object and ne-
cessity of the lesolutKin.
After a few lemolks from Messrs FILL-
MORE, ASHLEY, E WHITTLESEY, and
WHITE of Florida, the íesolution was agreed
to                                                             t
Mr BEARDSLEY, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported, wi'hout amendment, the
bill from the Senate, amendatory of the acts foi
the punishment of crimes against the United
States
Mr B. buefly explained the provisions of the
bill, when, after some conversation between
Messrs PHILLIPS, BEARDSLEY, FOSTER,
VINTON, and BINNEY, it was ordered to be
read a thud time to morrow
Mr MASON, of Virginia, moved that the bill
"giarting an additional quantity of land for the
satisfaction of i evolutional y bounty lan^ war-
rants," be included amorg the bills relating to'he
District of Columbia, to be considered on Thurs-
day next
The motion was objected to.
Mr MASON moved a suspension of the mle,
which was agreed to, and the proposition 10 in-
clude was adopted
Mr CLAY, fiom the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported, with an amendment, the bill from
the Senate supplementary to the act gran'mg a
quantity of land to certain exiles fiom Poland,
which was postponed to Monday next
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jacob Smith, of Michigan Territory,
deceased, which was read twice and ordered tobe
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr CARR, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the memorial of Josette
Beubien, which was ordered to lie on the table.
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S?
Mr BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Jacob A Gilbeit,
which was read twice and committed
Unfavoiable lepor's, on various petitions, &c ,
were made by Messrs KINNARD, MITCH
ELL of Ohio, MILLER., SGIIE1NCK LIN-
COLN, MclHIIRE, CEÍANEY, PARKS,
LEE of Tennessee, ADAMS of New York, and
BEALE, fiom their respective committees, which
were ordered to 'ie on the table
[Mr  Kinnarj), from the Committee on Revolu
tionary Claims, nade a report on the memorial of
Col Francis Vigo, of Vincennes, Indiana, which,
on his motion, was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed ]
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported, with an amendment, a bill from the
Senate for the relief of Datid Beard, which was>
committed
Mr CAMBRELENG, by consent, moved to
print three thousand extra copies of the document
pteparedbyMr E Everltt and himself, the one
in favor and the other adverse to the bill from the
Senate, making an appropriation to satisfy the
claims of certain American citizens, on account of
spoliations committed by theFiench prior to 1800
Mr CAMBRELENG moved to suspend the
rule requiring the motion tolieovei one day, which
carried—yeas 110, nays 38
The motion to print was then agreed to
Mr CONNOR remarked that the House had
heretofore determined to hold a session this even-
ing at six o'clock It was proper that there should
be a i ecess, and he therefore moved that the House
shold adjourn atfour to meet again at six o'clock,
p  m
Mr C P WHITE moved to amend the motion
by pioposing a recess from four to six o'clock, p
m each day, for the remamdei of the session,
which was disagreed to—ayes sixty one, noes not
counted
Mr MARSH ALL proposed a recess from three
to five o'clock—tost, 69 to 72                    *
Mr Connor's motion was then agreed to
Mr C P WHITE called for the orJers of the
day            ,
Agreed to
Mr C P WHITE then moved to supend the
rule for the purpose of going into committee, with
the view of considering such bills as might be deter-
mined on by the committee, which was agreed to
—yeas 134, nays 29
The House then,*on motion of Mi C P
WHITE, resolved itself into a Committee of the
Wholeon thestateoftheUmon, (Mr Waedwell
in the chair )
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
On motion of Mr SUTHERLAND, the com-
mittee took up the bill (No 660) making anpto
pnations for building light boats, beacons, and
monuments, and placing buoys, for the year 1835
The bill was taken up by sections
Mr SUTHERLAND moved to strike out the
Uem of $400 for the erection of a fog bell on Cape
Elizabeth, Maine
Agreed to
Mr   SUTHERLAND  also moved to insert
f 1,000 instead of $?00, for placing buoys near
•yin, Lobster's rock, Western rocks, Sawyer's
river, &c , Massachusetts.
Agreed to
Mr SUTHERLAND also moved an item of
$400 for buoys in New Jersey
Agreed to
Mr. SUTHERLAND also moved an additional
item for placing six buoys on the Potomac river,
$250, and a spindle at Potomac creek, $500
Agreed to
Mr PINCKNEY moved an amendment of
#5,000 for five beacon lights at Charleston harbor
in lieu of the clause appropriating §750 for three
buoys m the north channel of said harbor
Agreed to
Mr SUTHERLAND moved an additional item
of $3,000 for improvements at the mouth of Port-
land harbor
Agreed to
Sundry other amendments were also agreed to
The bill, with amendments, was then ordered
to be reported to the House.                                      '
NAVY DRY-DOCK.
Thecomm'ttee.onmotionofMr C P WHITE,
took up and considered the bill authoiizwg the
conftruction of a dry dock for the naval seivice,
which was ordered to be reported to the House
vithout amendment
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN.
The committee then, on motion of Mr C P
WHiTE,took up and considered the bdl to cany
into effect the convention with Spam, which vas
ordered  to be  repoited  to   the  House  without
I amendment
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT!;.
On motion of Mr HUBBARD, the committee
took up the bill making appropriations for certain
roadb, and for examinations and surveys, for the
yeai 1835
Mr  CORWIN moved to strike out ths. clause
approonating $346,086 for the repair of the Cum
berland road
Agreed to
Mr CORWIN also moved an additional item of
$320 for one of the superintendents on the Cum
berland road
Agreed to
Mr LYON moved an additional clause of
$10,000 for certain surveys and improvements in
the military road from Mackinaw to Gieen Bay,
&.C
Mr  MERCER opposed the appropriation
Tne amendment was rejected
The bill was then laid aside
MARINE HOSPITALS
On motion of Mi   PEARCE, the committee
took up the bill making appronuations for the
election of marine hospitals in the city of Balti-
more and other places
Mr McKIVI moved to strike out that part
leaving the designation to the Mayoi and City
Council, and to give it to the Secretary of the
Treasui y                      *
Agreed to
Mr  PEARCE moved to insert an additional
item of $3,000 for the purchase of a site, and the
Í erection thereon of a marine hospital, at White
I river, in the Territory of Ar'c°i"sas
J     Mr   SEVIER advocated the amendment     It
I was (he said) at the mouth of the Arkansas river
where the hospital was pioposed to be built, the
I best site that could be selected     Last yeai, when
I the cholera raged at New Oilears, hundreds weie
landed on that terntoiy,iwd would have perished
in utter des itution, but for the  benevolence of
the citizens of Arkansas     It was one of the most
impoi tan t channels of tiade in the country, and foi
six hurdred miles each way there was no place of
I accommodation foi persons attacked with disease
1 on any part of the line     The pioposition would
' in no way benefit the citizens of the Territory he
| i presented, but the boatmen, sailors, and other
persons engaged in navigating the waters in that
sect on of country
Mi POPE would not der-v that marine hos-
I pitáis weie peihaps required at Pittsburg, New
| Orleans, and at the mouth of the White river But
he did deny that one was needed in the State of
Illinois, at or near the mouth of the Ohio river
There is now a hospital at Southland, sixty miles
above the mouth of the Ohio, and he could not see
the necessity of establishing another only fifty or
sixty miles off There lb also a mai me hospital at
Louisville, Kentucky, which, as well as the one at
Smithland, was built at the expense of Kentucky
He was as willing as any man to piovide for the
comfort of sick sailors, but he would try to do so
ma mode different from that suggested by the bill
It would be better to provide for the support of
those aheady established than to erect new ones
that are not required When the proper time
arrived, he intended to submit a motion to strike
out the appropriation for the erection of a hos-
1 pital at the mouth of the Ohio, and to insert, in
lieu thereof a clause appropriating $5,000 to aid
in the suppoitof theone at Louisville, and $2,500
to aid in support of that at Smithland
A long discussion ensued upon the general
merits of the bill, and the piopnety of electing
marine hospitals, in which Messrs MERCER,
HARDIN, POPE, DENNY, MASOxM of Vn-
gima, D J PEARCE, BURGES, LYTLE,
REYNOLDS, JOHNSON of Louisiana, FÍLL-
, MORE, REED, WISE, HAWES, SUTHER-
LAND, ard VINTON, took part
Mr BURGES moved to strike out the enacting
clause of the bnl, but subsequently withdrew it
i     Before the question was taken on the amend-
ment,
1 Mr VINTON said it was evident that the whole
day would be consumed on the oill undei discus-
sion, and he therefore, fri ti e purpose of expe-
diting other business, moved that the committee
me and repot the other bills to the House—
ayes 75, hoes 40
The committee thereunon  lose, and reported
the bills acted on to ti e House
|     The bill to cairy into  effect the convention
with Spam, and the bil1 to authorize the construc-
tion of a diy dock for the use cf the navy, re-
ported without amendment, were both ordeied to
be engrossed foi a third i admg
I     The amendments to the bill °rral ipg appropri-
ation  foi ceitam loads, to the liU ma'   ng appro-
pnatiom for bui u ng light houses, beacon-lights,
I and making survojs f>i the yei   1835, were then
concuned m by the House, nrd the bills oideied
, to be engrossed for n third leiding
The bill making additional appropriations for
the Delaware brea'nvatei, for certain harbors,and
removing obstructions in and at the mouths of cer-
tain rivers, for the year 1835, leported from the
Committee of the Whole, with sundry amend-
ments, was then taken up
On the question to concur with the Committee
of the Wholeon the amendment appropriating the
sum of $50 000 for.the improvement of the Ohio
nvei, letween Pittsbuig and Louisville, at the
Falls of the Ohio—
Mi HAWES asked for the yeas and nays,
which were oideied
Mi POLK objected to so large an additional
appropriation as $50,000 for the Ohio alone, which
wa3 already piovided foi under the bill to an
amount of $50,000
Mi LANE waimly advocated the appropria-
tion, and said it was tufling compared with the
immense extent of trade, and the great interest
m\olved
Mr VINTON remarked that the sum of $50,000,
appropiiated urdei the bill, was to be divided be-
tween the rivers Ohio, Missouri, and Mississippi,
and it was doubtful whether a cent of it would be
expended on the Ohio One agent could easily
disburse the whole of it When $50,000 was
appropriated foi the Red river, $40,000 for the
Arkansas, $20,000 for the Cape Fear, he deemed
it barely just to resist the proposed amendment
for the Ohio
Mr HUBBARD explained, that the other items
were recommended upon lepoits made by en-
gineers, and upon positive estimates, whereas,
such was not the case with the amendment. He
expressed a hope that the House would act upon
the question at once, without further discussion
Mi MERGER was in favor of the amendment
Mr DENNY ¡emarked that it should be borne
in mind that the amendment was íecommended by
one of the standing committees of the House, after
matuie deliberation, and it was entitled to full as
much consideiation as if it had come sanctioned
by the Committee of Ways and Means
Mi VANDERPOEL inquired if the Committee
on In erral Improvement had reported a bill em-
bracing th's appropriation
Mr VÍNTON explained The subject had been
refened to that committee under a resolution of
the House In consequence of the difficulty of
getting a special bill through, Mr V was instructed
by the committee to move this amendment to one
of the appropriation bills
Mr POLK said he understood that the whole
amount íecommended by the War Department,
was $i0 000, under a report by Captain Shrieve,
and the Committee on Roads and Canals, not
deeming the estimate large enough, asked for this
additional item
Mr VINTON explained The report of Cap-
tain Shueve was predicated on the river below the
Falls, and never contemplated any improvement
at all above that point
Mr POLK was still correct, that all the infor-
mation upon which any estimates could be made,
was before the Committee of Ways and Means
If the engineer had not reported, nor any docu-
288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ments furnished from the War Department, to the
House, upon'what just ground could they venture
to vote away so large an amount as that contem-
plated m the amendment' Theimpoitance of the
Ohio uver asachannel of commerce, the nature of
the obstructions, whether sand bars or gravel bars,
had nothing to do with the question. The ques-
tion was, whether the appropriation was founded
on proper information'
Mr. LYfLE said, notwithstanding his pro-
found respect for the Committee of Ways and
Means, there were other committees for which
he enteitamed as high respect as he did for that
From whatever committee a pioposition should
come, he was pi epared to act upon it as he thought
best conduced to the interests of the country.
The commerce between Pittsburg and Louisville
was of immense importance to that section of
the country, and the appropriation, he believed,
should be made. He denied the position that a
recommendation from one committee snouldelothe
any measure with moie sanctity than that of
another.
Mr. BURGES cared not from what quarter a
recommendation came, so that it was suppoited
by facts, such as would establish its expediency
and benefit, and he would be ever ready to sus-
tain it.
Mr. HUBBARD defended the course pursued
by the Committee of Ways and Means They
had confined themselves in this bill to works
already commenced, as its title expressed, for the
purpose of carrying on works already begun and
in progress. If the Committee on Roads and
Canals thought the appropriation now asked for
so indispensable, why had not that committee
introduced a bill for the purpose, and not endeavor
to thrust this amendment foi ward* It was alto-
gether out of place in this bill, since it was to
commence a new work.
Mr STEWART said the gentleman from New
Hampshire [M< HubíA-Rd] labored under a mis-
apprehension in supposing this to be anew work,
since an act was passed for it in May, 1824,
eleven years ago
Mr. DICKINSON, of Tennessee, moved to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill, but with-
drew it on the understanding that the question on
the amendment should be taken at once,declaring
his intention to íenew it heieafter.
The question .vas then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows—yeas 109, nayr 8G.
So the House concurred in the amendment.
Mr DICKINSON, of Tennessee, said although
he believed the amendment just adopted to be one
of the best piovisions in the bill, still he voted
against it from a dislike to its general pnnciples,
and he therefore renewed his motion to smke out
the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the House
adjourn.    Negatived.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 128
The House then (at a quarter pastfout) took a
recess till six o'clock, p. m.
mail between New Orleans and Mobile to be carried
daily instead of tn-weekly, as at present.
This motion was resisted by Mr. CONNOR,
because it was an innovation upon the prinup'es
of the bill. He believed the Postmastei General,
whenever the finances of the department would
permit, would establish a daily mail between those
points.
The amendment was advocated by Messrs.
JOHNSON, of Louisiana, EDWARD EVER-
ETT, and SEABORN JONES, and opposed by
Messrs  CONNOR and BEARDSLEY
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to strike
out the enaaing clause of the bill.
Upon this motion a desultory and exciting
debate ensued, in refeience to the management of
the Post Office Department, in which Messis.
JOHNSON, of Miry land, WISE, CONNOR,
PEYTON, BEARDSLEY, LANE, HA WES,
STODDERT, GARLAND, and LYTLE, par-
ticipated.
Without taking the question on the motion to
strike out the enacting clause, the committee, on
motion of Mr. FOLK, rose and asked leave to sit
again.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House then, at
half past ten o'clock, p. rn ,
Adjourned.
EVENING SESSION
The House, according to order, reassembled at
six o'clock, p  m
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication /rom the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a copy of a report and survey of Cumber-
land river, which was laid on the table and ordered
to bo printed
Mr. BEATTY, on leave, moved to print five
hundied extra copies of the foregoing communi-
cation and document, which motion, by the rule,
lies over one day.
POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion of Mr CONNOR, the House then
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr Vance in the chair) upon the bill
to establish certain post routes, and to alter and
discontinue others, and for other pui poses
The bill was read by sections, various amend-
ments were offpred and adopted, and others re-
jected, when
Mr. JOHNSON,ofLouisiana, moved an amend-
ment directing the Postmaster General to cause the
IN SENATE
Wednesday, Febiuaiy 25, 1835
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a
letter from the Treasury Department, transmitting
reports from the Fifst and Thud Auditois, and
Registei of theTrensury, in relation to commuta-
tion to officers of the Revolution; which, on motion
of Mr   HILL, was onleied to be printed
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated a
lettei from the Treasury Department, transmitting
abstracts of the official emoluments of the officers of
the customs, and the fees received for certificates
to accompany distilled spuits, wines, ard teas,
and commissions on disbursements as superinten-
dents of light-houses, and as agents for the marine
hospitals.
PETITIONS,  ETC.
Petitions  and  memorials   weie  piesented   by
Messrs KENT, TIPION, and PORTER.
Mi. KANE presented a joint lesolution of the
Legislature of Illinois, for lescindnig so much of
the compact between that State and the United
States, as prohibits said State tiom taxmg land
sold by the United States for five yeais aftei such
1  sale.
Mr   TIPTON presented a joint lesolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, relative to limiting the
enrolment of the militia tu able-bodied hee male
'  citizens of the United Stites, between the ages of
i  twenty-one and forty years, and  providing  for
better arming and disciplining the militia of the
United State .
Ij               REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
'|     Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
l  siods, lepoited the bills from the House gianting
pensions to John Bryant, John Moore, Timothy
Jordan, David Pearson,Samuel Shelmerdine, and
Abraham B. Boutwell.
1      He also reported that the bills from the House
gianting pensions to Robert Lucas, Isaac Carter,
and the widow and hens of Samuel Southerland,
ought not to pass
1     Mr  TOMLINSON, fiorn the sar^e committee,
, repotted  that the bills fiom the House gianting-
¡i pensions to John W.Cox, Edwaid Nicholas, and
' LattitL Van Veltenburg, ought not to pass,and
that the bill granting a pension to Joseph Swait-
wood ought to pass.
. BILLS PASSED.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
fo. the lei ef of Richard H. Bell was consideied
as 'n Committee of the Wnole, ordered to be en-
giossed for a third reading, and then read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill author-
izing an increase of the coips of engineers was
taken up, considered as in Comm.tteeof theWhole,
ordeied to be engiossed foi a thud leading, and
finally passed.
On motion of Mr BELL, the Senate took up
for consideration the bill to continue the patent of
Joseph Grant, was cons'dered asm Committee of
the Whole, ordered to be engiossed for a third
reading, and then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr WHU E, the Senate took
up for consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the iehef of John Dougherty,
an Indian agent, when it was ordeied to beer-
grossed for a third reading, and theii lead a thud
time and passed.
hUllVEYS IN MAIKE.
Mr. SHEPLEY submitted the.following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of W>ír be dueeted
to furnish the information called foi by a resolu-
tion of the----------in. regaid to the surveys made
in the State of Mame, to the Secretary of the Sen-
ate during the vacation; and that the surveys be
printed under his dnection.
TWO PER CENT. FUND.
On motion of Mi. BLACK, the Senate took up
forconsideiation, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill authoiizing the Secietaiy of the Treasuiy
to invest the two per cent fund reseived for roads
leading to the State of Missits'ppi; when it was
oidered to be engiosseu and lead a thud time.
Afterwaids the bill was lead the third time and
passed
On motion of Mr KlNG.of Alabams, the Sen-
ate took up for consideiation, as in Comm"tee of
the whole, the bill to authonze the applica'ion of
tht two per cent, fund of Alabama, set apart for
public purposes, to the construction of a railroad
from Mobile bay to the Tennessee river
After some remaiks by Mr CLAYm opposition
to the bill, and by Mi   KING m support of it,
Mr. CLAY moved to lay it on the table, which
was negatived—yeas 12, nays 14.
Mr. OLA Í then moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill, ana allied the yeas and nays
upon the question; which weie ordered
Some further debate ensued upon the bill. Mr.
CLAY renewed the motion to lay it on the table;
which wes agieed to.
RELIET OP THE DISTRICT CITIES.
The Senate resumed the hill granting iehef to
the cities of Washington, Alexandria,«nd George-
town
Mr BENTON regretted that heshould be com-
pelled to vote against the bill, unless its friends
were willing to t ike the relief it pioposed for one
yeai,and leave ihe rest to future legislation by
Congiess The people of ¿his city (he said) la-
bored under peculiar grievances—great expenses
had been thrown upon them which entitled them
to all the indulgence which v/e can extend to
them This Government exae'ed hard teims in
getting the giound on which this city is located,
for their own use. Many lots in this city have
been sold at gieat amounts, and those which yet
remain are estimated at between two and thre 
millions of dolíais lie thought the best thing
we could do would be to set apart the building
lots, the proceeds of which should be applied as a
sinking fund to pay this debt. One gieat objec-
tion with him was, that to extend this bill to five
years was an eneioi"hment for four years upon
oui successors Hib proposition to limit it to one
yeai, was a quiet, easy, and almost impeiceptible
mode of granting effectual relief; but by passing
the bill in its p.esent shape, it was virtually im-
posing upon the treasury of this country a burthen
of near two millions oí dolíais Mr. B. said he
would be extremely sorry if, by voting against
the bill, it should be loir, foi a residence of foui-
tcen yeais m Washington had convinced him that
us cit.zer.s snould be fivored. He wished to be
geneious to them, but he wished also to prevent
the treasury from being saddled with a debt of two
millions
Mr. SOUTHARD said that the bill was the
result of the joint consultation of the two Commit-
tees on the District, and to alter it as suggested,
would be the means of defeat He was much
gratified by the expression of feeling and opinions
of the gentleman fiom Missouri, and as far as
he could he would yield to his views He said
the appropriation was not for the payment of the
whole debts of the city, but for that which was
contracted for the purposes of the canal. We can-
not, at the present sess>ion,form and mature such a
bill as the gentleman's views would require, or as
Ib35.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   2g 
he would seem to suggest.    A difficulty was pre-
sented fiom the situation of the public grounds
It would require time to investigate how many lots
could be spared from the uses or probable calls of
the Government
Mr. BENTON was aware that his suggestion
would defeat the bill, and his object in making it
was to gam time to make the necessary investiga-
tion. He therefore moved the necessary amend-
ments to the bill, so as to make the appropriation
to each of the cities for one year only
After some conversation between Messrs TY-
LER, BENTON, and SOUTHARD, the amend-
ment was agreed to
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill,
Mr. CLAY said, he should vote for it in its pre-
sent shape, for the purpose of relieving the press-
ing necessities of this city, but he hoped at another
session that the Committee on the District would
introduce a bill to take the stock of the canal, and
assume the whole foreign debt That he believed
to be the only essential relief we could extend to
them
Mr PRESTON expressed his intention to vote
for the bill, but he did so only from dire necessity
He would vote for it only to prevent the city of
Washington from be.ig " sold to the Dutch."
Mr CALHOUN sincerely felt for the situation
in which the city was placed, but he could undei-
stand this bill as nothing more or less than a prop-
osition to make a donation of so much of the peo-
ple's money to them He really commiserated
their unfortunate situation, but he thought we had
no right to give the property of the people away
as was proposed This bill was setting a bad pre-
cedent These people must suffer, and to relieve
them now, would only be an inducement to them
to incur greater debts, in the belief that Congress
would always assist them. He recommended them
as a friend to depend upon their own resources
and industry, which alone could give them lasting
relief.
Mr BUCHANAN said, when this bill first
came up, he thought he had determined to vote
against it, and he certainly should have done so,
if it had no\ been for the change'which had been
made in it, upon the motion oí the honorable gen
tleman from Missouri But now he felt that he
was, in some measure, under duress with regard
to it, and could not vote against it He diffeied,
however, from the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
Leigh,] that the law which authorized this debt
to be incurred, could be construed into a guarantee
on the part of the Government to pay the debt He
decjmed entering into that question now But the
President of the United States was made the
executor of the law, and if this bill did not pass,
it would be the President's duty to sell thi  city
He would vote for the bill for once, but, with the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr Cílhoon,]
he would advise the people of this city to depend
upon their own energies and industry for substan-
tial relief, and cease their applications to Con-
gress.
Mr TYLER said he was very sorry the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania could not vote foi further
relief than by giving his support to this bill Tor,
to be candid on the subject, if the relief is not to
be cortmued, this appropriation will be of no man-
ner of use whatever The truth is, the energies
of these people are entirely crippled, and their
means and strength prostrated in the dust He
hoped, at the next session, the honorable gentle-
man would open his heart and be willing to grant
peimanent relief
Mr KING, of Georgia, said that he too wished
to give in his experience on the subject of this bill
With him the conflict between inclination and
duty had been a most painful one And like some
others, he had made up his mind to vote for the
bill with the greatest reluctance He had been
surprised by a reference to the act authorizing the
loan to find that, as between the Government and
the contractors of the loan, Congress nad virtually
guarant ed the debt The nonor of the nation then
was pledged for the payment of the debt And
on a hasty mqun y into the affairs of ihese three
cities, he did not believe it m then power, at pres-
ent, to discharge the debt And like othert,, he
had no idea of seeing the capital of the Union in
the hands of the Dutch
Some gentlemen had constitutional scruples on
the subject It was thought we had no power to
make a gratuity to the people of the District. He
did not feel these scruples, though he had not
given a studied examination to the subject. He
was, he thought, generally as much in favor of a
strict construction of the Constitution as any other
Senator, but, as at present impressed, he thought
that whatever restrictions were placed upon us
when legislating for the States, there was no re-
striction upon our sovereignty here But power,
and the propriety of its exercise, were different
questions. We might possess the power and
refuse to exercise it, on the score of justice and
expediency, and here, he thought, was the difficulty
in the measure before the Senate For if there was
any theory in which we all agreed, it was that re-
publican Government is,or ought to be, an associa-
tion upon principles of equality. What claims,
then, have the people of this city, as a part of the
great American family, to a gratuity from this
Government, more than Charleston, or any other
city in the Union' They had a claim to our
legislation for the usual purposes of Government,
to directand concentrate the energies of the people
to the greatest advantage, but they had no exclu-
sive claims to our bounty, at the expense of the
rest of the Union
With these views it would be seen with what
reluctance he voted for the bill, and he wished it
further understood that he did not stand pledged
to go further at the next session, if, in the mean-
time, he could ascertain that it was possible for
the cities of the District to pay then own debts
Mr KING, of Alabama, protested against this
law being interpieted as any guarantee on the part
of Congress, either to pay this debt or its interest
The question, then, was simply whether we shall
relieve the people of Washington ? He should
vote for the bill as it was now, but he would have
voted for it as it was ongmall y, because he thought
the Congress of the United States ought not quietly
to sit by and see the capital of the country sold
under the hammer
After some further observations from Mr
LEIGH, Mr KING, of Alabama, and Mr.
WAGGAMAN, the question of engrossment was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 27,
nays 14, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Buchanan,
Clay, Cuthbert, Ewmg, Frelinghuysen, Golds-
borough, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Nau
dain, Porter, Preston, Robbins,feilsbee,Southard,
Swift, Tomlmson, Tyler, Waggaman, and Web-
Qlef__¡27
NAYS—Messrs Black, Brown, Calhoun,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Mangum, Morris,
Prentiss, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tipton,
and Wright—14
The bill was then read a third time and passed
The hour of three having arrived, Mr BEN-
TON moved to rescind the resolution for the
recess, which was disagreed to—ayes 15, noes 15
The Senate took a recess till five o'clock
EVENING SE-SION
The bill to provide for paying certain pension-
ers at Jackson, in Tennessee, and
The bill to establish a pension agency ai Russel
ville, in Kentucky, were each read a third time
and passed
The resolution requiring that the appropriations
to the Cumberland river be applied as well above
as below Nashville,came upon the third reading,
and, on motion of Mr WHÍ1E, was laid on the
table
The bill from the House, making permanent the
supplies of the army, and fixing the salaries of
certain cleiks in the Commi&Muy General s office,
was read twice and referred
The resolutions relative to the condition of the
Post Office, submitted by Mr Hill and Mr.
Smith, came up in order, when Mr EIill moved
the following as an amendment to his resolution
Resolved, That no evidence appears in the report
of any committee of the Senate which goes to
impeach the private and official integrity of Wil
ham r Barry, Postmaster General, that the extra
I allowances under his direction made to mail con
i tiactois, and the method of receiving combined
bids on advertised proposals for carrying the
mails, are a continuation of the former practice of
the Post Office Department, and that the defects
and irregularities of the department have been a
natural consequence of a want of a due organiza-
tion of the department by Congress.
On motion of Mr HILL, both the resolutions
and amendment were laid upon the table
The bill for distributing the proceeds of the
public lands among the several States,
The bill to graduate the price of the public
lands which have been longest in market,
The bill to grant to the State of Missouri a por-
tion of the public domain for the purposes of inter-
nal improvement, and
The bill granting a township of land for the
benefit of a university at St   Louis, Missouri,
Were severally taken up, and then laid upon
the table
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to regulate the
deposites of the public money in the State banks.
After an immaterial amendment,
Mr CALHOUN moved to fill a blank in the
bill with the sum of two and a half per cent , the
sum to be paid by the deposite banks for the use
of the public money
After some remarks by Messrs CALHOUN,
KING, of Alabama, KING, of Georgia, PRES-
TON, KNIGHT, SILSBEE, SHEPLEY, and
EW1NG,
Mr BUCHANAN, in order to try the sense of
the Senate, moved to strike out the half per cent ,
which Mr CALHOUN, after some íemarks,
acceded to
Mr PRESTON then offered an amendment,
that when the average amount of deposites shall
not exceed $,100,000 quarterly, in any one bank,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be at liberty
to contract for terms on which such bank shall
have the use of the public money deposited in it
Mr EWING moved to reduce the quarteily
minimum to £50,000, when a desultory deoate
ensued, in which Messrs CALHOUN, PRES-
TON, KING, of Georgia, ICING, of Alabama,
KNIGHT, TALLMADGE, BUCHANAN,
SHEPLEY, SILSBEE, WEBSTER, and
EWING, participated
On motion of Mr CALHOUN, the bill was
laid on the table
Mr NAUDAIN then submitted a resolution to
rescind the resolution for the recess
BALTIMORE AND OHIO BRANCH RAILROAD.
Mr SOUTHARD, fiom the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported the bill from the
House supplementary to the act extending a
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio failroad into
the District of Columbia, without amendment
After which the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, February 25, 1835
Mr H EVERETT, on leave, presented cer-
tain amendments to the bill from the Senate, to
provide for the oigamzation of the Post Office
Department, which were ordered to be printed
Mr    FORESTER,   from   the  Committee  of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Charles M
Fiaziei, which was read twice and committed.
Mr STODDERT asked the consent of the
House to print certain amendments, which he
contemplated offering to the b.ll from the Senate
to provide for the organization of the Post Office
Department
Mr CONNOR said he intended making an
effort to day to take up this Post Office bill He
should have done so yesterday if he could hav 
obtained the floor If his motion should succeed
he suggested that theie would not be time to print
the amendments, as proposed.
The motion to print was agreed to
Mr ANTHONY, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported the following íesolution,
which was agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to settle and adjust the claim*, of Fiedenck Ber-
naid, for services as an extra clerk between Sep-
290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ember, 1823, and March, 1827, according to the
princioles ot equity and ju&tice
Mr PINCKNEY—instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce—moved the printing of a doc-
ument from the State Department, in relation to
the trade between the United States and the
Islands of Cuba and Porto Rico, which was
agreed to
Mr P referred to the importance of the doc
uments in question, particulaily a¡> regaided the
interests of hib constituents, and moved to print
two thousand extra copies of the same, which
was agreed to
On motion of Mi EWING, a report from the
Treasury Department in relation to the Vincennes
land district, was ordered to be printed
The mo ion submitted on yesteiday by Mr
BEATTY, to print f ve hundred extra copies of
a íepoit and survey of tne Cumberland river, was
considered and asieed to
Mr ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following bills, which were
read twice and committed
A bill for the relief oí John Howell, and
A bill foi the relief of James Bililndge
Oi motion of Mr ASHLEY, three decisions
of the Supreme Court, applicable to land claims
in Missouri—now pendirg before the House—
weie oidered to be punted
On motion of Mr CONNOR, the Committee
on the Post Office and Po¡>t Roads were dis-
charged from the fuithei consideration of all sub-
jects teferied to said go nmittee
Mr JANES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, repoited a bill granting an invalid pen
sion to Daniel Stoddeit, which was read twice
and committed
Mr CRANE, fiom the Committee on Revolu
tionary Claims, icported a bill foi the lehef of the
children of William Crawfoid, deceased, which
was read twice and committed
Mr BURGES, fiom a select committee, reported
a bill for the relief o( the oificeis and soldieiswho
eeived in the Rhode Island brigade in the revolu-
tionary war, their hensand lepresentatives, which
was read twice and committed
Unfavoiable reports upon vaiious petitions, &c ,
we e made by Messrs GRAYSON, KINNARD,
JANES, GRAHAM, HUBBARD, and DAY,
which weie oidered to he on thetable
[Mi Kins\rd, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, moved to dischaige said commit
tee fiom the fuithei consideiation of the petition
of Dempsey üicl¡¡>, which, on his motion, was
laid on the table
Mr K , from the same committee, moved to be
disrhaiged from the conciliation of the petition
of John Scott, nnd that he have leave to withdiaw
hiH papers, which was agreed to ]
Petitions were presented by Messrs PULTON
and MAY, and referred
Mr McKINLEY «mid he felt it to be his duty
once more to ask the Ilouse to take up the resolu-
tion offered by him fixing a day for the election
of prmtei lie wished the House to decide this
question one way or the other, and so far as he
was concerned, without debate
The SPEA KER decided the motion out of order
SUPPLYING THE ARMY.
The Ilouse then, on mo'ion of Mr R M
JOHNSON, went into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mi Wani,iif New
York, in the chair,) on the bill to render perma-
nent the piesent mode of supplying the army of
the United States
The committee accordingly took up the bdl as
amended, which having been read and agreed to,
tne committee rose anu reported the bill to the
House
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS AND ENGINEERS.
On motion of Mr R M JOHNSON, the
House again resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr Lytld
in the chair,) and took up and considered the
following bills
A bill respecting the appointment of three addi-
tional paymasters of the army, and
A bill to provide for the increase of the corps of
engineers
Mr R M JOHNSON moved a substitute to
the first section of this bill, proposing to increase
the corps
Mr SPEIGHT was opposed to the bill
Mr DUNLAP was opposed to any further in
crease bf the army, and ti usted the amendment
would be rejected
Mr R M JOHNSON appealed to gentlemen
to permit the bill to come into the House, when
he would give every necessary explanation that
might be deemed requisite
Mr LANE said hetrusted the motion to amend
would not be sustained by the committee Every
State m the Unión is interested in the increase
of the corps of topographical engineers They
are educated for the purpose, at the public ex-
pense Their services are devoted to the public
interest They areexpenenced, and their services
are called for daily and hourly at the department,
to superintend the survey of oi.r harbois, our
roads, and our canals The States required their
seivices to superintend their suiveys of internal
impiovements, authorised by the respective States,
and carried on with their own resources Also,
by private incorporated companies m every por
tion of the countiy, who are engaged in construct-
ing works of great public and local interest
That he had, at t'ie request of a railroad compa-
ny in Indiana, made application to thedepaitment
for an engineer without success, because they
were all on duty That the State of Indiana had
authorized several surveys of a public and national
character, with a view to a geneial system of
internal improvement within the State, to be car-
ried on with their own resources They have an
agent now m this city for the purpose of obtaining
an experienced engineer from the department
That the increase of this corps was, in his
opinion, called for by eveiy consideration of
National, State, and local interest
Mr R M JOHNSON withdrew the amend-
ment
Mi DUNLAP offered an amendment providing
for the repeal of all laws authorizing the appoint-
ment of topographical engineers
Mi D expressed his great surprise at the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr Lanf] supporting the
bill, but it was not uncommon to see gentlemen
elected as friends of the present Executive, and
when they came to that House they voted m favor
of every measuie of internal improvement by
the General Government Mr D wanted these
appointments and surveys confined to the States.
He called upon gentlemen to redeem their pledges,
and sustun the principles of the Administration,
which was assailed from every quarter of the
country, while that House would be leally to
blame He did hope that a House, with a Jack
son majority, wouldI not be found sustaining every
proposition opposed to the pi maples of the pres
ent Executne
Mr LANE said, in reply to the gentleman
fiom Tennessee, [Mr DraiAr,] that the House
had received a lesson of party discipline That a
large portion of it seemed to have been intended
for himself That it would have been wisdom in
the honorable gentleman if he had applied the
discipline to himself, before he should have in
strutted the House He says he is surprised that
the geptleman from Indiana and others who were
elected as Tackson men, and sent here to support
the principles of the Administration, should vote
foi these extiavagant appropriations for surveys
and foi woiksof internal improvement, that to
increase the corps of engineers was to authorize
unconstitutional improvements It was true he
(Mr L ) had been elected as a fuend of the dis
tmguisl ed Chief Magistrate, not to serve the Chief
Magistiate, but tosei vehis constituents, the State,
and the Union Tha' he wore no collar—no man's
yoke In his votes, and the course he had and
would pursue, while honored with a seat in this
House, he had and should follow the dictates of
his ow i conscience and judgment, uninfluenced
by any other consideration than the interest and
prospeuty of his constituents, the State, and the
Union The honorable gentleman fiom Tennes-
see [Mr Dunlap] may have been elected because
he was a Jackson man, to sustain the Admims-
tiation right or wrong If so, Mr L was proud
to say his selection was a different one That he
had been elected in a district whereGeneral Jack-
son hmis-elf had been beaten a few months before
He was willing to compare votes with the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr Dijklap,] and let
the House and the American peop'e determine
who had accorded to the Chief Magistrate the
most efficient support In the present instance,
he was sustaining the Chief Magistrate, while the
gentleman fiom Tennessee [Mr Dunlap] was
opposing him and his measuies The President
recommended it in his message, the Secieiary of
War requires it, it is emphatically an Admmis-
tiation measure A distinguished ofticer of one
of the bureaus is now in this Hall urging the
passage of this bill
He (Mr L ) was in favor of the General Gov-
ernment improving the condition of the country,
for the benefit of the people, with the money of
the people That he believed it not only consti-
tutional, but the duty of the General Government
to aid the States, and even private companies in
the surveys and prosecution of all woiks calcu-
lated to facilitate the commerce and interest of the
Union He had no constitutional scruples, nor did
he subscribe to the d ictrine that a stream, because
the water was salt, had the preference over a large
and commeicial channel of fresh water If the
gentleman means to be umleistood that to be a
Jackson man is to oppose all appropriations for
the improvements of out rivers and channels of
commerce, and all aid by the General Government
for improvements in the several State3, he could
only say no such Jackson men could be found in
Indiana
He (Mr L ) not only believed the General Gov-
ernment posseted the power, but that it was their
duty to lmpiove all their channels of commeice, m
every part of the Union That this principle had
been acted upon, so far as they participated in the
charactei of i ationol works 1 hat he understocd
these to be the principles of the Chief Magistrate
That he desires the passage of this bill mci easing
the corps of topograpical engineers, for the pur-
pose of aiding the nation, the States, and compi-
mes, in the prosecution of works of internal im-
provement
Mr BOON said he was a*are that the remarks,
which had just been made by his friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr Duñlap,] were not directed to him
individually, but as he [Mr Boon] should vote
for the amendment offered by the gentleman fiom
Kentucky, and for the bill itself, he was not, there-
fore, to be considered as being inconsistent in his
couise toward the Administration Mr B said
that no one, perhaps, had been more uncompro-
mising in "his support of the present Chief Mag's
trate in three several elections, than himself, and
that few, if any, had given a more hearty and
uniform support of the general policy of the pres-
ent Admimstiation than he had done during the
time he had been honored with a seat in Con-
gress, and that while he hod given his support to
the leading measures of the Administration, he
had also taken the liberty, on some occasions to
go a scruple further in lelation to some matters
involving a mere difference of opinion
Mr DU.NLAP then withdrew his amendment
On motion of Mr R M JOHNSON, the com-
mittee rose, and reported the bill to the House
The bill to provide additional paymasters, then
came up on its engrossment
Mr JOHNSON gave a brief explanation of the
merits of the bi'l
Mi   SPEIGHT opposed the bill
Mr BURGES moved a proviso to the first sec-
tion, giving the Presidentthe power of appointing
the additional paymasters, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate
Agreed to
Some conversation ensued between Messrs
POLK, MERCER, GRENNELL, and R M
JOHNSON, on some of the provisions of the bill
Mr CHILTOIN opposed the bill with much
earnestness, and called upon the friends of reform
and economy to vote against a proposition for the
creation of a new source of expense
Mr WISE maintained that the bill was in
direct violation of the principles of the Constitu-
tion, since it vested the appointing power in an
officer not recognised in that instrument He there-
fore moved to strike out the third section of the
bill, providing for the employment of citizens when
soldiers could not be engaged.
Agreed to
1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   mi
Mr. LYTLE said it had been contended that
this bill went to create a new office. It had been
urgently recommended by the department, and
was believed to be highly essential to the welfare
of the service.
Before any question was taken, the House, on
motion of Mr. HUBBARD, passed to the orders
of the day.
SUPPLYING THE ARMY, ETC.
An act to render permanent the present mode
of supplying the army of the United States; and
fixing the salaries of certain clerks therein named,
was then read a third time, and passed.
PRINTER TO THE HOUSE.
Mr. McKINLEY moved to  suspend all the
orders of the day, for the purpose of taking up
the resolution on the subject of the election of
printer.
A question of order arose as to the construc-
tion of the rule, whether the motion required
more than a bare majority, or a majority of two-
thirds.
The CHAIR, referring to his decision the other
day, that a bare majority was sufficient to post-
pone the orders of the day, said the question now
presented itself in a different shape, inasmuch
as it was a resolution, and the first hour only
was set apart for the consideration of resolutions;
and, in his opinion, the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama would require a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. McKINLEY appealed from the decision of
the Chair. He was determined to obtain a decis-
ion upon the resolution, if there remained any
means of arriving at a decision. Hehad tried va-
rious plans, in order to effect this object; but they
had invariably been met by the Chair with the
declaration that they were out of order.
The question was discussed by the CHAIR,
Messrs. FOSTER, MERCER,BRÍGG3, CLAY,
BURGES, PATTON, McKINLEY, EVANS,
and CONNOR.
Mr. McKINLEY then withdrew the appeal,
and moved to suspend the rules of the House.
Mr. CLAY asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont,
Bockee, Boon, Bouidin, Brown, Burd, Burns, By-
num, Cambreleng, Carr,Casey, Chaney, Samuel
Clark, Clay,Connor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Dick-
erson, Dunlap, Fowler, William K. Puller, Gal-
braith, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Hardin, Joseph M.
Harper, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Hender-
son, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Jar-
vis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lee, Lucas,
Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann,Mardis, John Y.Ma-
son, Moses Mason, May, McKinley, McLene,
McVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitch-
ell, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Page, Parks, Parker, Patterson, Pearce, Pierson,
Plummer, Polk, Pope, Reynolds, Schenck, Shinn,
Smith, Speight, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill, Van-
derpoel, Van Houien, Wagener, Ward, Ward-
well, Whallon, White—103.
NAYS—Messrs. John &. Adams, Heman Al-
len.John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, Ashley, Banks,
Barber,Barniiz, Barringer, Bates, Baylies, Beatty,
Bell, Binney, Blair, Briggs, Bull, Bunch, Burges,
Cage, Campbell, Carmichael, Chambers, Chilton,
Clunn, Claiborne, William Clark, Clowney,
Corwin, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Amos Da-
vis, Davenport, Deberry, Denney, Evans, Ed-
ward Everett, Horace Everett, Ewing, Felder,
Fillmore, Forester, Foster Fulton, Gamble, Gar-
land, Gholson, Gilmer, Gordon. Gorham, Gra-
ham, Grayson, Grennell,, Griffin, Hiland Hall,
Hard, James Harper, Hazeltine, Inge, Edward.
Jackson, Janes, Henry Johnson, King, Lay,
Luke Lea, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Man-
ning, Martmdale, Marshall, McCarty, McComas,
McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Miner, Moore, Pat-
ton, Peyton, Phillips, Pickens, Pmckney, Potts,
Ramsav, Reed, Robertson, William B. Shepard,
Augustine H. Sheoperd, Standifer, Steele, Stew-
ari,   Stoddert,  Wdliam   P.   Taylor,   Philemon
Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance,
Vinton, Watmouth, Frederick Whittlesy, Elisha
Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise,
Young—110.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
Mr. WILDE moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up the joint resolution re-
specting the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. GILMER said all that would be necessary
was a motion to postpone the orders of the day,
■as the resolution had been  twice read, and he
asked his colleague so to modify his motion.
Mr. WILDE assented.
Mr. HUBBARD suggested that it be commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WILDE asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The motion prevailed—yeas 112, nays 92.
By consent, sundry bills from the Senate were
taken up for reference, and several were referred.
JUDICIAL  CIRCUITS.
The bill from the Senate relative to the estab-
lishment of a judicial circuit in the United States,
being presented by the Chair—■
[This bill provides for consolidating the cir-
cuits composed of New Jersey and Pennsylvania,
with that composed of Delaware and Maryland,
and requiring Judge Baldwin to hold the circuit
courts in the Delaware and Maryland circuit, so
as to obviate the necessity of appointing a judge'
of the supreme court in that circuit, and thereby
to extend the circuit system to the western
States.]
Mr. FOSTER suggested to the House the con-
sideration of the question, whether it was worth
the while of the House to refer this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, inasmuch as that
committee had already reported that it would be
impossible for the House to act upon it during
the present session. He moved to commit it to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BEARDSLEY thought the bill too import-
ant to be acted on by the House without its first
going through the investigation of a standing com-
mittee of the House.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
FOSTER, MERCER, WILDE, THOMAS, of
Maryland, and CLAY.
At the suggestion of Mr. CLAY, Mr. FOSTER
modified his motion so as to include the printing
of the bill.
Mr. WILDE demanded the previous question;
which motion -was not, however, seconded by the
House—ayes 63, noes 74.
Mr. COULTER could see no reason why there
should be any departure, in this case, from the
ordinary course. The bill was a most important
one, involving the lives and properties of thou-
sands, and he hoped the House would not divest
it of those protective proceedings which the rules
had thrown.around every such measure. He was
in favor of extending every privilege enjoyed by
the old to the new States; but not at the expense
of the former. New Jersey, Delaware, and Mary-
land, had increased in population, and ought not
to be deprived of any of their rights and privi-
leges; and he entered his protest against it. The
bil proDOsed a manifest act of injustice, and he
trusted would undergo the strictest scrutiny in the
standing committee of the House.
Mr. CARMICHAEL said: Mr. Speaker, I con-
cur with my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Coulter] in the opinion he has expressed
in regard to the importance of this subject It is
entitled to the most deliberate action of this House.
This bill, from the Senate, is designed to operate
in a peculiar mannerupon the rights and interests
of the State in which I reside, and of which 1 am
one of the Representatives upon this floor. I feel
myself, therefore, called upon to protest against
the adoption of the motion of the honorable mem-
ber from Georgia, [Mr. Foster.] Its effect is to
dispense with the usual routine of business, which
secures to every measure, before it is submitted
to the consideration of the House, a previous ex-
amination by one of its constituted organs—by
one of its standing committees. Sir, why this
haste? Why hurry this bill into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ? Where
is the motive for all this precipitation? Deeply
interested as are the peopleof Mary land in the result
of this proposed alteration of the judicial districts
of the United States, I must claim for the subject
the most mature consideration.
Sir, I have another reason for resisting this unu-
sual and unnecessary proceeding. This measure
proposes to accomplish one object; it reaches another
by indirection. Its apparent purpose is to arrange
the existing of judicial districts, and to establish
two additional circuits. It merges the district of
Maryland and Delaware, and gives a circuit to the
Northwest and Southwest.
But whilst it professes—and you know, sir, as
it originated in the Senate, I cannot speak of the
motives upon which it is based—it would be dis-
courtesy to do so—whilst it professes to sink r
district, its effect is to despatch a judge. Its effect
is to relieve the Senate of a responsibility imposed
upon them by the Constitution.
Sir, 1 understand the ready willingness of the
honorable member from Alabama [Mr. Clay] to
embrace this measure at once—to disregard the
usual and established order of legislation here. It
extends advantages to the people of the Southwest.
It is enough for him to know there is a benefit
held out to his constituents. He overlooks th«
consideration that it works a rank injustice to Ids
friends elsewhere.
1 have no objection to extend the contemplated
advantages to the West; but 1 cannot do it at the
expense of my constituents. It was only by hold-
ing out this benefit, never before contemplated for
the West, that it was hoped to effect this unjust
purpose to Maryland.
If this bill is to be adopted, I hope it may b 
required to pass through the usual routine. I
hope it will be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. But I must earnestly resist any pro-
ceeding, however presented, the manifest tendency
of which is to impose upon this House a share
of the responsibility devolved by the Constitution
upon the Senate of the United States, which will
require of this House to dispose of executive nom-
inations. And more especially when fhe obvious
effect of it is to affect injuriously the interests of
Maryland, and to crush one of her most valued
citizens.
I hope the gentleman from Georgia will with-
draw his motion to commit this bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CLAY disavowed any personal feeling on
the subject. When, on the one hand, however,
he was disposed to render strict justice to other
parts of the Union, he stood then as the Repre-
sentative of Alabama, and gentlemen must not
expect him to abandon her interests.
Mr. GARLAND was convinced that the com-
mitment of the bill to the Judiciary Committee
would only tend to defeat or delay it. His only
object was to secure the action of the House on
this all-important subject.
Mr. CAGE adverted to the long-withheld jus-
tice which this House owed to the new States.
He moved the previous question, but withdrew it
at the request of
Mr. FOSTER, who made some explanatory-
remarks. He was surprised at the opposition
which had been elicited by the simple motion
which he had made. He avowed his intention
of proposing eertain amendments when the bill
should come before the House. He then renewed,
according to promise, the motion for the previous
question.
[Here a discussion ensued on the nature of tha
previous question as applicable to the present case.
Mr. SPEIGHT thought the previous question
would be the passage, but the Chair decided other-
wise.]                                                        .     ,     ,
Mr. CAGE then withdrew the motion for the
.previous question.
Mr. THOMAS again addressed the House.
He viewed the bill in the light of an attempt to
destroy one of the worthy citizens of Maryland.
Justice had been denied to that State by the pro-
ceedings in this matter, and he demanded, as one
of her Representatives, that it should be rendered
to her    Mr. T. had protested, at the early part
292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
of the session, and subsequently, against acting
upon this subject, because the facts were not fully
in possession of the House, and he would appeal
to the chairman of the Judiciary Commiltte to
say if he was acquainted with all the ciicum-
stances involved, or had given the subject such an
investigation as had put him in possession of the
principles of the bill
Mr BARR1NGER said, were it earlier in the
session, he would have no objection to gratifying
the gentleman fiorn Maryland by committing this
bill; but he was convinced it would be impracti-
cable to obtain the action of the House by this
course. New Jersey, Delaware, and North Caro-
lina had very littre business, and Virginia not a
great deal, and he was quite sure that the judges
could perform the additional duties imposed under
this bill. He was quite sure that neither the
Chief Jus'ice n >r Judge Baldwin would feel
themselves unable to discharge the burdens under
this bill. Mr. 8. refened to what fell <rom one of
thegentlemen from Maryland, that the advocates
of the bill designed by it to destroy a distinguished
citizen of Maryland, and Mr. B. disclaimed it for
himself, and hoped such a suggestion would have
no influence there or elsewhere. He supported the
bill because he believed the measure it embraced
was iei¡uued by the wantsof the new States . He
was convinced there was no necessity foi sending
the bill to the Judicary Committee, which" would
only postpone it till too late for action.
Mr B asked for the yeas and nays, which
weie oidered.
Mr REYNOLDS said he would not at this
late hour addiess the House, did it not seem to
him that Maryland was about to be placed in a
nmil.it situation to that in which the western
States had found themselves for many years. lie
was foi acting on the bill without referring it to
(he J uliciary Committee, as he believed it could
not then be acted on at tne present session. He
demanded, too, that the new States might be put
on a footing of equality with the old ones in their
judicial system.
Mr ROBERTSON said a few words on the
«haracter and qualifications of the present Chief
Justice
Mr. THOMAS again opposed the motion, and
referred to a statement of the business in Balti-
more, and also the opinions of the bar.
Mi. MERCER said a few woids in reply.
The question was then (alien by yeas and nays,
as follows—yeas 119, nays 82.
So the bill was ( ommitted to aCommittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed
Mi MANN moved that the House adjouin
Negatived—ayes 78, noes 81
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
The question on engiossmg the joint resolutions
on the subject of the election of President and Vice
President of the United States then came up.
Mr GiLMER said he had no wish thawthe
resolution should be discussed at that time, and
he had risen only to ask that the question on the
resolutions and the amendment should be taken
separately, and thereon he asked foi the yeas and
nay1*; which were ordered.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, like the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mi. Gilmer,] it was not his intention
to discuss these íesoluüoiis Fie wished to sug-
gest a single amendment, which was to stuke out
the woitl "four," and insert six as the extent of
the presidential and vice presidential terms. He
believed four years too short a period where the
duration of the office was restucted to a single
term.
Mr. PiNCKNEY asked for the reading of the
resolution"; which were read.
Mr BA [¡RINGER íegretted that his colleague
[Mi. SplightJ had thought it necessaiy to offer
ihe amendment he had. Mr. B. had no intention
of provoking a discussion on these resolutions,
but he rose to express his entire dissent fiom the
amendment. He was convinced that four years
was sufficiently long for a good President, whose
place might be sup| 1 ed by other good men con-
secutively, and four years was abundantly ample,
and rather too ample, for a bad President
i     Mr. SPEIGHT asked for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; which were oidered.
Mr PA rTON said ne could not vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Speight,] nor was he in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Geoigia, [Mr.
Gilmer.] He believed it to be a cardinal point in
our institutions, that no worthy citizen should be
disfranchised. That they should at all times be
eligible to office, and to being returned to that office
at the pleasure of the people. He accorded with the
sentiment of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Barringer,] that four years was too long for
a bad man to serve us as President—but he would
add to that sentiment, as amendatory to its force-
and truth, that eight years was none too long to
secure the services of a good man to his countiy.
The question on the amendment of Mr.
Speight was decided in the negative—yeas 41,
nays 162.
The question then recurred on the first resolu-
tion, and the subject was further debated till
quarter past five o'clock, by Messrs. POLK,
PEYTON, GILMER, PEARCE, of Rhode
Island, BURGES, and GHOLSON.
[A full sketch of the debate will appear in to-
monow's Globe.]
Mr. POLK said he believed he had discovered
a very important omission in the resolutions. They
no where stated the number of votes to which
each State was entitled, although they laid down
the mode and manner m which the elections should
be held. Mi. P. "said that his views in many
points resembled those of the gentleman from
Georgia, but in making important fundamental
changes in our Constitution, it became the House
to pause and to deliberate. Mi. P. was for a
single term, against an election by that House,
and would, in all cases, confine the election to the
people; but he did not think that they should pass
upon so weighty a subject m half an hour's delib-
eration. He again avowed himself in favor of the
principles of the resolutions, and referred to his
former course in support of them.
Mr. GILMERsaid he would prepare an amend-
ment to meet the defect pointed out by the gentle-
man
After some remarks from Mr PEYTON and
Mr. POLK—
Mr. BURGES said he wished to see this sub-
ject divided, form us piesent shape it was incom-
patible with Ins views. On the subject of the fust
pioposition, torendei the Chief Magistrate eligible
j for only one term, he should be in the affirmative;
, but on the second proposition, he wai, and should
ever lemain, in the negative It swept away all
the reseived rights ofthe lesser States, which, he
contended, in the spun of our institutions and
our original compact, should forever remain in-
violable. Mr. B. pursued his argument at some
length.
Mr. GILMER then proposed to supply the
omission by inserting the following: "according
to the mlenow fixed by the Constitution."
Mr POLK proposed so to amend it as that each
State should be entitled to the same number of
electors as members of Congress.
Mr GILMER withdrew his own amendment,
and accepted Mr Polk's.
Mr. WISE remarked that even if it were an
omission it did not repeal the existing law, which
was sufficiently cxnhcit.
Mi. POLK replied that it might hereafter give
use to great disputes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GIIOLSON then moved an amendment to
allow the people an unrestricted choice of a suc-
cessor in case ofthe death ofthe Piesident.
Before the question was taken, on motion of
Mi. HUBBARD,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, FeSruary 26, 1835.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Mr. Donel-
son, his Private Secretary, transmitting the most
recent coriespondence called for by a resolution
of the House, between Mr. Livingston and the
Secretary of State, m i elation to our affairs with
Prance.
A motion having been rrade to print the letter
and accompanying documents,
Mr. PRESTON expressed a wish that they
might be read, as it would be some days before
they would be printed, and some immediate ac-
tion on the part of Congress might be necessary.
The documents were accordingly read and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
The message and documents are as follows:
To the House of Representatives ofthe United States:
I transmit to Congress a report ofthe Secretary
of State, wHh copies of all the letteis received
from Mr. Livingston, since the message to the
House of Representatives of the 6th instant, of the
instructions given to that minister; and of all the
late correspondence with the French Government
in Pans, or in Washington, except a note of M.
Serruner, which, for the reasons stated in the
report, is not now communicated.
It will be seen that 1 have deemed it my duty
to instiuct Mr. Livingston to quit France, with
his legation, and return to the United States, if an
appropi ration for the fulfilment of the convention
shall be lefused by the Chambers.
The subject being now, in all its present as-
pects, before Congress, whose right it is to decide
what measuies are to be pursued m that event, I
deem it unnecessary to make fuither recommen-
dation, being confident that on their part every
thing will be done to maintain the rights and
honor of the country, which the occasion requires.
A. JACKSON.
Washington, Febtuary 25, 1835.
Department or State, )
Washington, 25th-Fibiuaiy, 1835 $
The Secretary of State has the honor to submit
to the President copies of all the letters received
from Mr. Livingston, since the message to ti e
House of Representatives of the 6th ins'ant, of the
instructions given to that Minister, and of all the
late correspondence with the French Government
in Pans, or in Washington, except the last note of
M.Serrurier, which it has been considered neces-
sary to submit to the Government of France before
it is made public or answered, that it may be ascer-
tained whether some exceptionable expressions
are to be taken as the result of a settled puipose
in that Government, or as the mere ebullition of
the Mimstei's indiscretion.
JOHN FORSYTH.
To the Presid«nt of the United States.
Mr. Livingston to Mr. Forsyth.
Legation oí the United States,    )
Paris, 11th Junuayy, 1835 )
Hon. John Forsyth:
Sir: Believing that it would.be impoitant for
me to receive the despatches you might think it
necessaiy to send with the President's message, I
ventured on incut ring the expense of a courier to
bring it to me as soon as it should arrive at Havre.
Mr. Bearsley, accordingly, on the arrival of the
Sully, despatched a messenger with my letters
received by that vessel, and a New York news-
paper containing the message, but without any
communication from the department; so that your
No 43 is still the last which I have to acknowl-
edge. The courier arrived at two o'clock on the
morning of the 8th. Other copies were the sanie
morning received by the Estafette; and tbe con-
tents being soon known, caused the greatest sen-
sation, which, as yet, is, I think, unfavorable,—
the few members of the opposition who would
have voted for the execution of the treaty, now-
declaring that they cannot do it under the threat
of reprisals, and the great body of that party
making use of the effect it has on natibnal pride
to gain proselytes from the ministerial side of the
Chambei, in which, 1 have no doubt, they have
in a great degree, for the time, succeeded.
The Ministers are aware of this, and will not, I
think, immediately urge the consideration of the
law, as I have no doubt they were prepared to do
when the message arrived. Should Congress pro-
pose commercial restrictions, or determine to wait
to the end of the session before they act, this will
be considered as a vote against reprisals, and then
the law will be proposed, and I think carried But
I ought not to conceal from you that the excitement
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
is at present very great, that their pride is deeply
wounded by what they call an attempt to coerce
them by threats to the payment of a sum which
they persist—in opposition to the plainest proof-
in declaring not to be due This feeling is fostered
by the language of our opposition papers, particu-
larly by the Intelligencer and New York Courier,
extracts from which have been sent on by Amer-
icans, declaring them to be the sentiments of a
majority of the people These, as you will see, are
translated and republished hete, with such com-
ments as they might have been expected, and un-
doubtedly weie intended,to produce, and if hostil-
ities should take place between the two countries,
those persons may flatter themselves with having
the credit of a great share in producing them The
only letter I have received from home is one from
my family This, to my great satisfaction, informs
me that the President will be supported by all par
ties, and I am told that this is the language of some
of the opposition papers, but as they are not sent
to the legation, I cannot tell in what degree this
support can be depended upon Whether the en-
ergetic language of the message will be made the
pretext with some, or be the cause with others,
among the Deputies for rejecting the law, cannot,
of course, be yet conjectured with any great degi ee
of probability, but I think it will have a good
effeU It has certainly raised us in the estimation
of other Powers, if I mayjudge from the demeanor
of then representatives here, and my own opinion
is, that as soon as the first excitement subsides, it
will operate favorably on the Councils of Prance
Already some of the journals begin to change
their tone, and I am much mistaken if the oppo
sition heie, finding that we are in earnest, will
incur the responsibility of a rupture between the
two nations, which they see must take place if
the treaty be rejected. The funds experienced a
considerable fall as soon as .the message was
known, and insurance rose, in short, it has made
them feel the commercial, as well as political,
importance of our country
The Count de Rigny had requested me to com-
municate the message to him as soon as it shou'd
be received Thi<? I promised to do, and accord j
mgly,on the morning of the 8th, to avoid any mis
take as to the mode of making the communica
tion, I carried the paper to him myself, telling
him that I had received a gazette containing a paper,
said to be the message oí the Piesident, whicn 1
dehvered to him in compliance with my promise,
but I requested him to observe that it was not an
autnentic paper, nor was it delivered in puisuance
of instructions, nor in my official character 1
thought it, for obvious reasons, necessary to be
very explicit on this point, and he probably under-
stood me, as he had not yet read the message
Little more passed at the interview, and I thought
of it, but not immediately, to seek another I
shall piobably, however, see him to night, and
shall then appoint some ame for a further confer
ence, of wh ch I will, by th.s same packet, give
you the result
Mi Middleton had just airived from Madrid,
with the inscriptions for the Spanish indemnity,
and a draft for the first ¡ ayment of interest His
instructions are, he says, to leave them with me,
but, as [ have heard nothing from the department,
I shall advise the depositing them with Rothschild
to wait the directores of the Piesident
The importance of obtaining the eaihest intel-
ligence, at this crisis of our affairs with France,
has induced me to direct that my letteis should
be sent by the Estafette from Havre, and that, if
any important advices should be received,at such
an hour n the day as would give a courier an
advance of some hours over the Estafette, tnat a
special messenger should be despatched with it
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir,
your most obedient servant,
EDW  LIVINGSTON
Mr  Livingston to Mr  Forsyth
or the Umted St;
Paris, Jan 14, 1835
Legation or the Umted Stated, )
Hon John Forsyth
Sir The intended conference with the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, of which t spoke to you in my
last, No 70, took place yesterday morning I
began it by expressing my regret that a communi-
cation from the President to Congress had been so
much misrepresented in that part which related to
France, as to be construed into a measure of hos-
tilities It was, I said, part of a consultation
between different members of our Government,
as to the proper course to be pursued, if the
legislative Aiody of France should persevere in
refusing to provide the means of complying with
a treaty formally made That the Piesident, as
was his duty, stated the facts truly, and in mod-
erate language, Without any irritating comment
That in further pursuance of his official duty he
declared the different modes of redress which
the law of nations peimitted, in order to avoid
.hostilities—expressing, as he ought to do, his
reasons for pieferung one of them That in all
this there was nothing addressed to the French na-
tion , and I likened it to a proceeding, well known
in the Fiench law, (a family council in which the
concerns and wtei ests are d tscussed,) but of which
in our case the debates weie necessarily made
public That a further elucidation of the nature of
this document might be drawn from the circum-
stance that no instructions had been given to com-
municate it to the French Government, and that if
a gazette containing it had been delivered, it was
at the request of his Excellency, and expressly
declared a private communication, not an official
one I further stated that I made this communi-
cation without instructions, merely to counteract
misapprehensions, and from an eáinest desire to
rectify errors which might have serious conse-
quences I added that it was very unfortunate
that an earlier call of the Chambers had not been
made in consequence of Mr Serruner's promise,
the non-compliance with which, was of a nature
to cause serious disquietude with the Govei nment
of the united Siates I found immediately, that
this was the part of the message that had most
seriously affected the King, for Count de Rigny
immediately took up the argument, endeavoring
to show that the Government had acted in good
faith, relying principally on the danger of a second
rejection had the Chambers been called, at an early
day, expressly for this object I replied, repeat-
ing that the declaration made by M Serruier was
a positive and formal one, and that it had pro-
duced a forbearance on the part of the Piesident
to lay the state of the case before Congress In
this conference, which was a long one, we both
regretted that any misunderstanding should inter
rupt the good intelligence of two nations having
so many reasons to preserve it, and so few of con-
flicting interests He told me (what I knew be-
fore) that the exposition was prepared, and that
the law would have been presented the day after
that on which the message was received He
showed me the document, read part of it to me,
and expressed regret that the language of the
message prevented it being sent in I said tha' I
hoped the excitement would soon subside, and
give place to better feelings, in which I thought he
joined with much sincerity It is, perhaps, neces-
sary to add, that an allusion was made by me
to the change of Ministry in November, and the
reinstatement of presenuMimsters, which I told
him I had considered as a most favorable occur-
rence, and that I had so expressed mvself in my
communications to vou, but that this circumstance
was unknown at Washington when the message
was delivered, and I added, that the hopes of suc-
cess held out in the communication to which I
referred, and the assurances it contained that the
Mimsteis would zealously urge the adoption of the
law, might pi obaoly have imparted the same hopes
•to the President, and have induced some change in
themeasuie he had recommended But that the
formation of the Dupm Ministry if known, must
have had a very bad effect on the President's mind,
as many of that Ministry were known to be hos-
tile to the treaty
When 1 took leave, tne M nis'er requested me
to reflec* on the propriety of presenting a note of
our conversation, which, he "aid, should be formal
or o herwise, as I should desire I told him I
wou'd do so, and inform him on the next morn-
ing by eleven o'clock
We pprted as 1 thought, on fnend'y terms,
and n the evening, meeting him at the Austrian
Ambassador's, I told him that, on reflection, I had
determined to wait the arrival of the pacnet of the
16 h before I gave the note, to which he made no
objection After all this, you may judge of my
surprise, when last night, about ten o'clock, I
received the letter, a copy of which is enclosed,
and which necessarily closes my mission In my
reply, I shall take care to throw the responsibility
of breaking up the diplomatic intercourse between
the countries where it ought to rest, and will not
fail to expose the misstatements which you will
observe are contained in the Minister's note, both
as respects my Government and myself, but the
late hour at which I received the Count de Rig-
ny's note, and the almost immediate departure of
the packet, may prevent my sending you a copy
of my communication to him, which 1 shall use
the utmost diligence in preparing
The law, it is said, will be presented to day^and
I have very little doubt it will pass The mims-
tenal phalanx, reinfoiced by those of the Opposi-
tion (and they are not a few) who will not take
the responsibility of involving the country in the
difficulties which they now see must ensue, will
be sufficient to carry the vote The recall of Ser-
runer, and the notice to me, are measuies which
are resorted to to save the pride of the Government
and the natío 
' I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir,
your most obedient servant,
EDW  LIVINGSTON
From Count De Rigny to Mr Livingston
[Translation ]
Department op Foreign Affairs,    )
Paris, Januaiy 13(A, 1835 )
Sir   You have well comprehended the nature
of the impressions produced  upon  the King's
Government by the  message which his Excel-
lency President Jackson addressed on the 1st of
December to the Congress of the United States
Nothing certainly could have prepared us for it
Even Though the complaints expressed in it had
been as just as they are m  reality unjust, we
should still have had a right to be astonished on
receiving the first communication of them in such
a form
In the explanations which 1 am now about to
make, I cannot enter upon the consideration of
any facts, othei than those occurring subsequently
to the vote by which the last Chamber of Depu-
ties refused the appropriation necessary for the
paymert stipulated in the treaty of July 4th
However this vote may have been regarded by
the Government of the United States, it is evident
that by accepting (accwnllant) the promise of the
King's Government to bring on a second deliber-
ation before the new Legislature, it had in fact
postponed all discussion, and all recrimination on
the subject of this first refusal, until another de-
cision snould have either repealed or confirmed it.
This postponement, therefore, sets aside, for the
time, all difficulties aris.ng, eitherjustly or mjustly,
from the rejection of the treaty, or from the delay
by which it had been preceded, and although the
message begins by enumeiatmg them, I think
proper, in order to confine myself to the matter in
question, only to reply to the imputations made on
account of subsequent occurrences
The reproaches which Piesident Jackson con-
siders himself authorized to address to France,
may be summed up m a few words The King's
Government promised to present the treaty of
July 4th again to the Chambers, as soon as they
could be assembled They were assembled on the
31st of July, and the treaty has rot yet been pre-
sented to them Such is exactly the whole bub-
stance of the Piesident's argumentation, and notn-
mg can be easier than to refute it
I may first observe, that the assembling of the
Chambers on the 31=t July, in obedience to a legal
prescription, that they should be called together
within a Stated period alter a dissolution of the
Chamber of Deputies, was nothing more than a
piece of formalitj , and it Pies dent Jackson had
attended to the internal mechanism of our admin-
istrative system, he would have been convinced
that the session of 1835 could not have really
commenced at that season of 1834 Every one
knew beforehand that after a fouright spent in
the forms of installation, it would be adjourned
The Piesident of 'he United States considers
that the bill relatwe to the Amerk-an claims should
have been presented to the Chamber within that
294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
fortnight 1 cannot understand the propriety of
this reproach The bill was explicitly announced
in the speech from the throne, on the very day in
which the Chambeis, met This was all that was
required to make known the opinion and design
of the Government, and to prevent that species of
moral proscription to which absolute silence would
have given a ithority With regaid to the mere
act of presentation, so long befoie discussion
could possibly take plaie, this proceeding wou'd
have been so unusual and extraordinary, that it
might have increased the unfavorable pieposses-
eions of the public, already too numerous, without
producing any real advantage in return Above
all, the result which the Piesident had in view, of
being able to announce the new voteof the Cham-
ber of Deputies in his message would not have
been attained
President Jackson expresses his regret that
your solicitations (z/isia«ces) had not determined
the King's Government to call the Chambers to-
getherataneailierday Howsoonsoevei they may
have been called, the simplest calculation will serve
to show that the discussions m our Chambers could
not have been known in the UmtetfStates at the/
opening of Congiess,and the Piesident's i egret is
therefore unfounded Moreover, the same obsta
cíes and the some administrative reasons which
rendered a real session impossible during the
months of July and August, were almost equally
opposed to its taking place befire the last weeks
of ihe year The heaj of a Government, like
that of the United States, should Le able to com
prehend more clearly than any one else, tho«e
nioial impossibilities which arise from the fixed
(haracter of the principles of a constitutional
regime, and to see that in such a system the Ad
mimstiatioti is subject to constant and legi lai
forms, fiom which no special interest, however
important, can authorize a deviation
Ii i", then, evident, that, far fiom meriting the
repioaeh of failing to comply with ite engage
ments, far fiom having deferred, eithei voluntarily
or from negligence, the accomplishment of its
promises, the King's Government, ever occupied
in the design of fulfilling them, was only arrested
for a moment by insurmountable obstacles I his
appears from the explanations now given, and, 1
must add, that the gieater part of them have
already been piesented by M Serruner to the
Government of the United States, which, by its
faience, setmed to acknowledge their full value
It is worthy of remark, that, on the fust of
December, tne ('ay on which Piesident Jackson
signed the message to Congress, and lemarked
with seventy that nea ly a month was to elapse
oefore the assembling of the Chambers,«they were
in leahty assembled, in vutue of aioyal oidmance,
calling them together a' a penod eaihei than that
fi st pioposed Their assemblage was not indeed
immediately followed by the piesentment of the
bil1 rtlitive to the Ameucan claims, but yuu, sir,
kn iw bettei than any other person the causes of
this new delay You youiself requested us not
to endanger the success of this, important afTan,
by mingling its discussion with debates of a dif
ferent natuie,as their mere coincidence might have
the effett of bringing other inluencs into play
than thee by which it sh< ukl natuially be gov
«rued By this request, you cleaily showed that
you hid, with youi judicious spirit, correctly
appieuated the situation of things, and the means
of advancing the cause which you were called to
t'fftnd A id permit me to add, that the course
win h you have bought pioper to adopv on this
point is tne best jus ificat on of that which we
ou^tlves have for some months leen puisuing,
in obedienc" to tbp necessities n herent in our
politi al oigani/ttion, and in order to ensure, as
far as I es in oui power, tne "iiccess of the rew
attempt whicn we weie piepaung to make in tne
Chamber
However this may be, the King's Government,
fre^d from the internal difficulties, the force of
which you have vouiself so formally admitted,
was preparing to present the bill for giving sane
lion to the treaty of July 4 h, when the stiange
menage of De-embe" first came, and obliged it
again to delibeiate on the course which it should
puisue
The King's Government, though deeply wound-
id by imputations to which I will not give a name,
having demonstrated their purely gratuitous char-
acter, still does not wish to reireat absolutely
from a determination, already taken, in a spirit of
good faith and justice How great soever may be
the difficulties, caused by the provocation which
President Jackson has given, and by the irritation
which it has produced in the public mind, it will
ask the Chambers for an appropnation of twenty-
five millions, in Older to meet the engagements of
July 4th But, at the same time, his Hajesty has
considered it due to his own dignity no longer to
leave his Minister exposed to hear language so
offensive to Frai ce M Serrunei will receive
oiders to return to France
Such, sir, are the determ nations of which I am
chaiged immediately to inform you in ortler that
you may make them known to the Government of
the United States, and that you may yourself take
those measures which may seem to you to be the
natural consequences of this communication Ihe
passports which you may desire, are, therefore, at
youi disposition
Accept, sir, the assurance of my high consid-
eration                                              DC RIGNY
To the Hon  Edvv  Livingston
Mi   Livingston lo Mi   Fot tyth
Legation or ihe United Stvtes,     )
Paris, Januaiy 15, 1835  \
Sir [laving determined to send Ml Brown,
one of the gentlemen attached to the legation, to
Havre, with my despatches, I have ju^t time to
add to them the copy of the note which I have
sent to the Count de Rigny The course indicated
by it was adopted after the best i eflections I could
give to the suo]ect, and I hope will meettheappro-
bation of the President My fiist impressions
weie, that I ought to follow my inclinations, de-
mand my passports, and leave the Kingdom
This would at once have freed me from a situation
extremely painful and embarrassing, but a closer
attention convinced me that, by so doing, I should
give to the Fieneh Government the advantages
they expect to derive from the equivocal terms of
their note, which, as occasions might serve, they
might repiesent as asuggestion only, leaving upon
me the responsibility of breaking up the diplomatic
mteicouise between the two countries if I de-
manded my passports, oi if I did not, and they
found the course conveniens they might call it an
order to depart, which I had not complied with
Baron Rothschild also called on me yesteiday,
saying that he had conveised with the Count de
Rigny, who assiuel him that the note was not
mtei tied as a notice to depart, and that he would
be glad to see me on the subject I answeiedthat
I could have no verbal explanations on the sub-
ject, to which he leplietl -hat he had suggested the
wining a note on the sub]ect, but that the minister
had declined any written communication Roths
child added that he had madean appointment with
the Count de Rigny foi six o'clock, and would see
me again at night, and he called to say that there
had been a misundeistagding a^. to the time of
appointment, and that he had not seen M de
Rigny, but would see him this morning, but, in
the meantime, I determined on sending my note,
not only for the reasons contained in it, wmch ap
pear to me conclusive, but because 1 found that
the course was the correct one in diplomacy, and
that to ask foi a passport merely because the
Government near wh ch the Mimstei was accred-
ited had suggested it would be considere 1 as com-
mitting the dignity of his own that the universal
practice in such cases was to wait the order to
depart, and not by a voluntary demand of pass-
pnrts, exonerate the foreign Government fiom
the odium and responsibility of so violent a
measure
My note will force them to take their ground
ff the answer is that they intended only a surges
tion, which ! may follow or not as I enoose, 1 will
remain, but keep aloof until [ receive your direc
tions Jf, on the other hand, I am told to depait,
1 will retueto Holland oi England, and there wait
the President's orders In either case, the arrange-
ment will be extiemely expensive, and my situa-
tion very disagreeable The law was not pre-
sented yesterday, but will be to day, and I have
been informed that it is to be intioduced by an
expose, throwing all the blame of tne present state
of tbino-s on M SeTuner and me, for not tru'y
representing the opinions of out respective G v
ernments They may tieatlhen own Minister as
they please, but they shall not, without exnosuie,
piesume to judge of my conduct, and make me
the scape-goat for their sms The truth is, they
are sadly embairassed If the law should be re-
jected, I should not be sui prised if they anticipated
our reprisals by the seizure of our vessels in port,
orthea tack of our ships in the Mediterranean wi h
a superior force I shall, without delay, inform
Commodore Patterson of the state of things, that
he may be on his guard, navmg already sent him
a copy of the message
I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient
servant,
I                                         EDW LIVINGSTON
Mi   Tningston to the Count de Rigny
Legation or the United States oi.      )
I                  America, Paris, January 14, 1835   )
,     The  undersigned, Envoy  Extraordinary and
J Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States of
America, received late last night the note of his
Excellency the Count de Rigny, Minister Secre-
taiy of State foi Foieign Affaus, dated the 13th
instant
,     The undersigned  sees with great surprise, aa
well as regret, that a communication made by one
! biancli of the Government of the United States to
another, not addiessed to that of His Majesty the
I King of the Fieneh, nor even communicated to
¡ it, is alleged as the motive for a measure, which
not only increases actual subjects of irritation, but
which necessauly cuts off all the usual means of
restoring harmony to two nations who have the
same mteiest, commeicial and political, to unite
them, and none but factitious subjects for col-
lision
The grave matter in the body of His Excel-
lency's note demands, and will receive a full
answer, it is to the concluding part that his atten-
tion is now requested The undersigned, aftei
being mfoimed that it is the intention of His
Majesty's Government to recall M Serruner, is
told " that this information is given to the under-
signed in order that he may communicate it to his
Government, and in older tl at he may himself
take those measui es which may appear to him the
natural result of that communication, and that, in
consequence thereof, the passports which he might
reqtuieareat his disposition " This phrase may
be considered asan intimation of tne course which,
in the opinion of His Majesty's Government, the
undersigned ought to pursue, as the natural result
of Mr Serrjner's recall, oi it may be construed,
as it seems to have been by the pubi c, into a
direction by His Majestv's Government to the
Mimstei of the United States to cease his functions
and leave the country
It is necessary, in a matter involving such grave
coi sequences, that there should be no misunder-
standing, the two categories demanding a line of
conduct entuely different the one from the other
In the first, he can take no directions, or follow
no suggestions but those given by his own Gov-
ernment, which he has been sent here to repre-
sent The recall of the Minister of France, on
the grounds alleged, could not have been antici-
pated, of course no instructions have been given
to the undersigned on the subject, and he wi 1 not
take upon himself the responsibility which 1 e
would mcui by a voluntary demand of his pass-
ports, although made on the suggestion of his
Majesty's Goverrment If this be the serse of
the passage in question, the duty of the under-
signed cannot be mistaken He will transmit the
note of his Excellency the Count de Rigny to his
Government, and wait Us instructions Widely
different will be his conduct if he is informed that
the conclusion of the Count de Rigoy's note is
intended as a direction that he should quit the
French temtory This he will, without delay,
ci mply with, on being so informed, and on re-
ceiving the passports necessary for his protection
until he shall leave the kingdom
Leaving the responsibility of this measure where
it ought to rest, the undersigned has the honor to
renew to his Excellency the Count de Rigny the
assurance, &c , &c
(Signed)                 EDW LIVINGSTON
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
No. 73.
Mr. Livingston to Mr. Forsyth.
Legation of the United States,
Paris, January 16, 1835.
Sir: The wind being unfavorable, I hope that
this letter may arrive in time for the packet.
By the enclosed semi-official paper, you will see
that a law has been presented tor effecting the
payment of 25,000,000 francs capital to the Uni-
ted States, for which the budgets of the six years
next succeeding this are affected, and with a con-
dition annexed that our Government shall have
done nothing to affect the interests of Prance. It
would seem from this that they mean to pay noth-
ing but the capital, and that only in six years
from this time; but, as the law refers to the treaty,
for the execution of which it provides, I presume
the intention of the Ministry cannot be to make
any change in it, and that the phraseology is in
conformity with theirusual forms., Atanyrate, I
shall, notwithstanding the situation in which.I am
placed, in relation to this Government, endeavor
to obtain some explanation on this point.
The packet of the 16th has arrived; but, to my
great regret, brought me no despatches, and having
received none subsequent to your No 43, and that
not giving me any indication of the conduct that
would be expected from me in the event of such
measures as might have been expected on the ar-
rival'of the President's message, I have been left
altogether to the guidance of my own sense ot
duty, under circumstances of much difficulty. 1
have endeavored to shape my course through them
in such a way aa to maintain the dignity of my
Government, and preserve peace, and, if possible,
restore the good understanding that existed be-
tween the two countries. Prom the view of the
motives of the President's message, contained in
the answer of the Globe to the article in the Intelli-
gencer, I am happy in believing that the represent-
ations f have made to the Count de Rigny, as
detailed m my No 71, are those entertained by
the Government, and that 1 have not, in this at
least, gone further than it would have directed me
to do, had I been favored with your infractions.
I have no answer yet to my note to the Count
de PJgny, a copy of which was sent by my last >
despatch, nor can I form any new conjecture as to I
the event.                                                                       I
The enclosed paper contains a notice that 1 had ,
been received by the King. This is unfounded, !
and shall be contradicted. I shall not, in the i
present state of things, make my appearance at |
Court, and only in cases where it is indispensable, i
have any communication with the Ministers.          j
1 have the honor to be, with great respect, your i
obedient servant,                         .                                I
EDW. LIVINGSTON.     |
Hsn. J. Forsyth, &c, &c.                                       |
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Livingston.                     |
Department of State,      7       ,
Washington, Fehiuary 13, 1835, $       ,
Sir: To relieve the a'ftXiety expressed in your i
late communication to the Department of State, as
to the course to be pursued in the event of the re- i
jection by the Chamber of Deputies of the law to
appropriate funds to carry into effect the treaty of ¡
4th July, 1831, 1 am directed by the President to j
inform you that if Congress shall adjourn without.;
prescribing some definite course of action, as soon j
as it is known here that the law of appropriation !
has been again rejected by the Piench Chamber, ]
a friHete will be immediately despn'ched to Havre
to bring you back to the United  States with such i
instructions as the state of the question may then 1
render necessary and proper.                                      ]
I am, sir, &c,                 JOHN FORSYTH,     i
Edward Livingston, Esq.                                    j
Department op State,
Washington, February 24, 1835.
Sir.: Your despatches to No. 73, have been re-
ceived at the Dapartment—No. 73 by yesterday's
mail.    Nos. 70, 71, 72, were delayed until this
morning, by the mismanagement of the young
man to whose care they were committed by the
Captain of the packet Sully, in New York.
In the very unexpected and unpleasant position
in which you hsqge been placed, I am directed by
the President, to say to you, that he approves of
your conduct, as well becoming the representative
of a Government ever slow to manifestresentment,
and eager only to fulfil the obligations of justice
and good faith, but at the same time to inform you
that he should have felt no surprise;and certainly
would have expressed no displeasure, had you
yielded to the impulse of national pride, and at
once have quitted Prance, with the whole Lega-
tion, on the receipt of the Count de Rigny's note
of the 13th January. M. Serrurier having re-
ceived his orders, has terminated his ministerial
career by the transmission of a note, a copy of
which, and of all the correspondence had with him,
is herewith enclosed. M. Pageot has _been pre-
sented to me, as charged with the affairs of Prance
on the recall of the Minister.
The note of the Count de Rigny having no
doubt, according to your intention, received from
you an appropriate reply, it is only necessary for
me now to say that the Count is entirely mistaken
in supposing that any explanations have been
given here by M. Serrurier, of the causes that
have led to the disregard, or postponement of the
engagements entered into by France, after the
rejection of the appropriation by the last Cham-
ber of Deputies, and of which he was the organ.
No written communication whatever has been
made on the subject, and none verbally made of
sufficient importance to be recorded—a silence
with regard to which could have been justly the
foundation of any inference that the President was
satisfied that the course of the French Adminis-
tration was either reconcileable to the assurances
given him or necessary to secure a majority of the
Chamber of Deputies.
The last note of M. Serrurier will be the sub-
ject of separate instructions, which will be im-
mediately prepared and forwarded to you.'
In the present posture of our relations with
Prance, the President directs that, if the appropri-
ation to execute the treaty shall be, or shall have
been, rejected by the French Legislature, you
forthwith quit the territory of Prance, with all
the legation, and return to the United States by
the ship of war which shall be in readiness at
Havre to bring you back to your own country.
If the appropriation be made, you may retire to
England or Holland, leaving Mr. Barton in charge
of affairs; notify the department of the place se-
lected as your temporary residence, and await
further instructions.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH. .
Edward Livingston, Esq.,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Serrurier.
Department of State,    )
Washington, February 23, 1835 \
Official information having; been received by the
President of the recall of  Mr. Serrurier by his |
Government, and the papers of the morning having ¡
announced the arrival of a French sloop-of-war
at New York, for the supposed object of carrying
him from the United States, the undersigned Sec-
retary of State of the United States tenders to Mr.
Serrurier all possible facilities in the power of this
Government to afford, to enable him' to comply
speedily wilh the orders he may have received or
may receive.
The undersigned avails himself of the occasion
to renew to Mr. Serrurier the assurances of his
very great consideration,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Serrurier to Mr. Forsyth—Translation.
Washington, February 23, 1835.
Sir: I have just received orders from my Gov-
ernment, which make it necessary for me to de-
mand of you an immediate audience. I therefore
request you to name the hour at which iUwül suit
you to receive me at the Department of State.
1 have the honor to be, with great considera-
tion, sir, your obedient humble servant,
SERRURIER.
To the Hon. John Forsyth,
Secretary of Stale of the United States.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Serrurier.
Department of State, )
Washington, February 23, 1835. \
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the
United States, informs Mr. Serrurier, in reply to
his note of this instant, demanding the indication
of an hour for an immediate audience, that he ia
ready to receive, in writing, any communication
the Government of France desires to have made
to the Government of the United States.
The undersigned has the honor to offer Mr.
Serrurier the assurances of his very great consid-
eration,                                JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Serrurier to Mr. Forsyth—Translation.
Washington, February 23, 1835.
Sir: My object in asking you this morning to
name the hour at which it would sui-. you to receive
me was in order that I might, in consequence of my
recall as Minister of His Majesty near the United
States, present and accredit Mr. Pageot, the first .
Secretary of this Legation, as Charge d'Affaires
of the King; this presentation, which, according
to usage, I calculated on making in person, I
have the honor, in compliance with the desire ex-
pressed to me by you, to make in the form which
you appear to prefer.
I thank you, sir, for the facilities which you
have been kind enough to afford me in the note
preceding that now answered, also of this morn-
ing's date, and which crossed the letter in which
I demanded an interview.
I haye the honor to renew to you, sir, the assu-
rance of my high consideration.
SERRURIER.
To the Hon. John Forsyth, Secretary of State.
CREDENTIALS OF MR. RUGGLES.
Mr. SEiEPLEY presented the credentials of
the Hon. John Roggles, a Senator elected from
the State of Maine, for six years from the 4th of
March next.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bills from the House for the
relief of Richard Hargrave Lee, and Thomaa
Dixon & Co., of New York, without amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the same committee,
reported the bills from the House for the relief of
S. Morris Wain, and H. Percival, anil for the re-
lief of Ebenezer Breed, without amendment.
Mr. W EBSTER stated that these personswere
owners of goods on which duties had been secured,
and which had been burnt while in the custody
of the Government, in the custom house stores.
The majority of the committee were of opinion
that under'such circumstances, where goods were
destroyed by fire, the duties ought to be remitted
—he believed it was the practice of other Govern-
ments to do so.
Mr. WEBSTER also reported unfavorably
upon the bill from the House for the relief of
John J. Putnam and Nathan Pratt, and the com-
mittee were discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported the bill from the
House for opening certain roads in the Territory
of Arkansas, without amendment. Also, the bill
frorri the House for the improvement of the harbor
of Clinton river, in Michigan Territory.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the same committee,
reported the Senate bill to authorize the construc-
tion of a railroad upon the public lands from
Tallahassee to St, Marks, in Florida, with the
amendments made by the House; which, on his
motion, were concurred in.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the bill from
the House granting pensions to Enoch Blaisdel,
reported tint it aught not to pass.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported the bills granting pensions to John F.
Wiley and George Fields, without amendment.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, the joint resolu-
tion from the House, authorizing the delivery of
certain papers to the Secietary of War, to be used
in deciding upon pension cases, and gave notice
that when it came up for consideration, he would
move for its indefinite postponement.
298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
Mr TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
to which had been recommitted the bill to continue
the office of Commissioner of Pcnbions, with the
amendment of the House thereto, reported the
same with a further amendment, which was agreed
to, and the amendment was then concurred m
Mr PRESTON, from the same committee,
reported the bills from the House granting pen-
sions
Mr BENTON, from the Military Committee,
reported the bill from the House to render per-
manent the supplies of the army, und fix the
salaries of certain clerks in the Commissary Gen-
eral 's office
Mr McKEAN, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sion , to which had been leferred the bills from
the House granting pensions to Walter Phillips
and Thomas Simpson, reported that ihey ought
not to pass-.
PAINTINGS FOR. THE PRESIDENT'S HOUSE
On motion of Mr PRESTON, the Senate took
Up the motion to recorsider the vote by wmch
was rejected the joint resolution for the purchase
of certain paintings for the President's house
On the question, Will the Senate agree to recon
Bidei the \oteJ it was disagreed to
PRINTING SENATE JOURNALS,  ETC
Mr   BIBB submitted the following resolution
Resolved, That  the Committee on the  Judici
ary be instructed to inquire as to the expediency
of printing, under the duection of the Secretary
of the Senate, a suitable and  usual number of
copies of the Journals of the Senate, up to the 4th
of Maic'i, 1815, also, of the Executive Journal
complete m a separate volume, and al&o the tost
of such printing
SHIP CANAL ACROSS THE ISTHMUS.
Mi   CLAYTON submitted the following res-
olution
Resohed, That the Piesident of the United
States be respectfully requested to consider the
expediency of opening negotiations with the Gov-
ernments of other nations, and particulaily with
the Government of Central America, and New
Gianada, for the pulpóse of effectually protecting,
by suitable treaty stipulations with them, such
individual" or companies as may undertake to
open a commumca ion between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, by the construction of a ship canal
across the Isthmus which connects Nonh and
South Ameuci, and of secuung foiever, by such
stipulations, the fieeand equal light of navigating
such canal, to all such nations, on the payment of
such reasonable tolls as may be established to
compensate the capitalists who may engage in
such undertaking, and complete the woik
LAUD CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr  BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, ¡eported the bill to provide fir the
final adjudication of claims to land in Louisiana
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr TIPTON, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideiation of executive busi-
ness, and when the doors were opened,
ItAILROAD THROUGH THE PUBLIC IANDS
1 he Senate took up, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill authorizing the Leavenworth and
Bloomington Railroad Companies to construct
railroads thiough the public lands of the United
States, which, after somesl ghtamendments, was
repotted to the Senate,and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill regulating the deposites m the State
banks
The proviso offered yesteiday by Ml Calhoin,
requning the payment of two per cent by banks
for the use of public deposites on sums under
one bundled thouband dollars, to be regulated by
toe Secietary of the Treasury, being under con-
sideration,
Mi WEBSTER moved to strike out "one
hundred thousard dollars " and insert " fifty
thousand dollars," which amendment was agreed
to
Mr WEBSTER moved an additional section,
directing tnat each bank of deposite should ren.
der the same services to the Government as Was
rendered by the Bank of the United States, in
that place.
Mi CLAYTON said it was goirg as far as
they could go, but not to the extent of obligation
to which the Bank of the United States we e sub
ject by the charter
Mr KING, of Alabama, said they were asking
more of the denosite banks than of the Bank of the
United States They were compelling thesebanks
to pay two percent ¡while the Bank of the United
States paid nothing The notes of that bank were
made a legal tender, while the notes of the State
banks vveie not
Mr K thought such restrictions would tend to
keep the ryublic moneys out of thegood banks and
place them in those less secure lie said the
Bank of England received pay for all the public
services it performed He be'ieved thebill would
produce the same evils which they were endeav
onng to pievent, that of endangering the public
treasures
Mr WEBSTER said the public money was
the same as a permanent deposite, for the banks
would soon, by comparing the past and present,
be able to calculate the usual amount in deposite,
and could calculate upon it as a permanent sum
which they ought to pay interest for
Mr W said theie was a stipulation in the late
bill for rechartenng the United States Bank, by
which it was to pay two hundred thousand dollars
a yen into the treasury as a bonus, which would
be two pet cent upon ten millions of dollars He
wished to regulate bylaw what now was ¡egulated
by the S cretary of the Treasury
Mr KING, of Alabama, said he was in favor
of the additional section But he wished to turn
the attention of the Senate to the other impositions
which were laid on the banks, then tendency
would be to pievent the deposites being received
at any safe and i espectable institutions
Mi CALHOUN said the advantages of being
a deposite bank were \ery gieat He thought
there would be banks enough, willing to receive
them with the imposition of the bill
Mr CUTBBERTsud the Bank of the United
1 States, by nears of its branches, was enabled to
4 perform transfers and make exchanges, which
were in fact advantageous to itself    But from the
isolated natuieof the State banks, they were m
some measure deprived of these advantages
Mi WEBSTER said, these same arguments
of the honorable Senator had been urged in favor
of the Bank of the United States at a former
time.
Mi TIPTON said he was well satisfied that
the banks of Indiana would not pay one cent—
but that the Government would be obliged to carry
its moneys out of the State He should vote against
the bill
Mr PORTER thought the Senator's [Mr
Tipton's] remarks a wietched commentaiy on
what had been said last year, " that the State
banks could peiform the services of the Govern
ment better and cheaper than the Bank of the
United States "
The question being on agreeing to the proposed
amendment,
Mr EWING asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and the question decided as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb,Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Pie-
Unghuysen, Goldsborough, Grundy, Hendricks,
Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, McKean.Naudain, Porter, Prentiss,
Pieston, Roobms, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley,
Silsbee, Southard, Swift, Tipton, Tomlmson,
Waggaman. Webster, White—37
NAYS—None
So the amendment was adopted
Mr WEBSTER then moved further to amend
the bill, by inserting a clause requiring the banks
to make monthly returns of its condition, and
tnat these returns should be published quarteily
Mr KING, of Alabama, thought no bank
would become a depository if Us private concerns
were to be published to the world every few
months In reply to Mr Porter, Mr K said
he would deny that theSecretaiy of the Treasury
ever had said the public business could be done
better and cheapei by the State than by the United
States Bank In support of this assertion, Mr
K read part of the Secretary'  report on that sub-
ject
Mr CLAYTON thought the returns of the
banks ought to be published It had been re-
quired of the United States Bank, and was also
lequired of the Bank of England Mi C was
desirous of get'ing as much fiom the State banks
as the Bank of the United States paid Us in a
bonus
Mr EENTON said he was m favor of the pub
hcation He wished to do away all seciecy fiom
banking institutions The public ought to know
how such things were managed He believed it
would be of public use He would say the com
munity seemed to be recovering their rights against
banks He believed the Bank of the United
States was the greatest opprobuum that had been
cast upon the nineteenth century There weie
six hundied machines in the Union throwing oat
paper money—worthless paper In these insti-
tutions were two hundred millions of capital on
which an annual tax was paid of eight per cent
That tax was taken fiom the people some way or
other, either by hook oi by crook, for the banks
of themselves produced no value
Mr B wished the people to haie money on
which they paid no mteiest He was in favor of
having oui real money sifted out fiom such a mass
of paper trash, even it but a speck of gold re-
mained from a bushel of chaff He was entirely
opposed to the papel system Tins opportunity
stmck him as a favorable opportunity toi íetnbu
tive justice, for making the bai ks pay foi estab
lishing a hard money currency They should
obtain something to defray the expense of the
mints That while six hundred banks were
stamping paper money, there might be severa!
mints stamping hard money
Mr CLAYTON, by the unanimous consent of
the Senate, made a motion to reverse the order
foi a recess, which was agreed to
Mr KING, of Alabama, called foi a division
of the question, when that part which duects
monthly returns to be made was agreed to
On that part requiring the quarteily returns to
be published, Mr CLAYTON asked the yeas
and nays, which were ordeied, and were as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, Pielinghuysen, Goldsboiough,
Hill, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Naudam,
Portei, Prentiss, Pieston, Robbins, Robinson,
Southaid, Swift, Tomlmson, Wagganran, Web-
ster, White—25
NAYS—Messrs Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Kane, King of Alabama, Linn, Morris,
Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton—12
So the amendment was adopted
Mr WEBSTER said he had one or two other
amendments to offer which he would premise by
a few remarks In the discussion of this measure,
it seems a necessary consequence that we should
be diawn into comparisons between the ability
and efficiency of these local banks to peiform the
fiscal operations of the'Government, and the
Bank of the United States He wished to say
now, that he did not go into such comparisons
for the puipose of reviving the question of a pro-
longation of the Bank of the United States He
considered the recharter of the present bank or
the charter of any other under the authonty of
this Government as settled, at least for some tin e
to come And he imagined there was to be no
attempt made to revive it He had determined
not only that he would rot make any movement
towards effecting its recharter, but he would never
move for the establishment of another bankunder
the authority of this Government till this country
should be convinced by experience of the utility
and the necessity of such bank We live in a
Government in which the settled opinions of the
people must prescribe a dist.net course of conduct
to public men When that time shall ai rive that
the people of this country shall be convinced that
some national institution of this sort shall be ne-
cessary and useful to the country, he should Le
as leady as othei gentlemen to act upon the sub-
ject and bring it before the public Until then,
he should be entirely passive with respect to it
And tíieiemarks which he had made upon th.s
bill had not the slightest allusion to the revival of
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
¿3j Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1835
Vol. 2      No 19
the B-ink of rhe United Stairs     The gentleman
from Pennsylvania yesterday, ana the gentleman
from Alabama to-day, spoke of the bervices of
these deposite banks as if it proved that the system,
as a system,  would  be practicable and useful.
He would not enter into an argument on that sub-
eet, but he desired to state it as his conviction
that this experiment of receiving and disbursing
the revenues and carrying on the exchanges of the
country, was an experiment, which, so far from
being practicable, has not yet even been put to
the trial, nor could it be tried for some time to
come     A state of things will be in existence for
two years to come, which will preclude such a
trial     That state of things is, the Bank of the
United States has in circulation some twenty mil-
lions, which is now used as ih° medí irn of remit-
tance from place to place, which these deposite
banks ell use, and which is valuable to every man,
everywhere, and to*every bank w,shing to make
remittances     And that very facility  which the
Government now enjoys in tiansacung its busi-
ness, is through the medium of the bills of the
Bank of the United States    Does any member of
Congress choose to cairy with him the bills of this
District Leyond the Alleghany mountains'   All
make then  tiansmissions by bills of the united
States Bank     Tne trial, therefore, has notcome,
and wi I not come, till this ¡taper of the Bank of
ihe I-nited States is withdrawn trom circulation
Then wll come the experiment   Some gentlemen
think   that  then  will   come the  goiden   age—an
event which he thousht was all ideal and fanciful
If a bank here is called on to make remittances to
1'iitbbiug—a case which he suggested meielyfor
¡I ustiation—it does it by piocuring the bil's ol the
United ¡stages Bank     So that those bills Jo form
the medium of exchange as much now as they
have done during any period  for twenty years
pat.1     If tin- syoteni of the Government is to go
on, by the use of the deposite banks, he was fai
fiom desiring to put on  them anything orierc u&
He  knew this was difficult  to  avoid, consistent
with that which ought to he done, to wit   to put
them undei the legulation of law     We all know
that the seuuity stiul;en of in the *eal h of rich
P'opnetois of the stock is wholly imaginary and
unsubstatitia\an(l therefore something moreought
to be it quired    But Jieie are some ciicumstances
which had met his attention, and which ought to I
awaken thecountry   Within a week past attempts I
have been made to [ av off waira-its of the Tieas  |
ury, not in specie, but m drafts payable on then i
face in cunent bills      Heavy diafts on the Tieas-
my have been   piesented  to one of the depute
banks, f avable i i ibis way, and yet this is the
specie syaiem   to whic'i we are hastening     He
made this  statement  not wnh  íeference to one
orly, but to several of these hanks, and he was
tayiiij  nothing  on  conjecture.     Now,  this  he
wished  to ptevent     He wished all drafts to be
payable in cash, and that the holdeis should not
be turned < flf and paid in current bills
Mr VV then submitted an amendment,requiring
all diafts or wairants to be paid in grll or silvei,
it wished by the lioldei, and that they shall not be
expiessed to l>e receivab+ein current bills
Mi liLNTON said that the fact stated by the
gentlemnn from Massachusetts he apprehended
to be as he had lepresented it, and he took the
occasion to express hib highest indignation at it,
and he was willing to go as far, oi farther than
any oiher gentleman, to prevent it When Mi
Gallatin, in ]sl I, made anangements for payment
of all Ireasu'-y warrants, he exrressly requiied
them to be paid in gold or silver This arrar)i?e-
fnent was. what he expected at this time, and he
would not on y concur in the amendment, but he
would go further, and concui in an inquiry why
there had been any relaxation from what he
thought last yeai would have been the system
adoi ted
Mr LEIGH said, that no one who knew the
views and opinion  of the honorable gentleman
fiom Mssouii on this subject would feci sur-
prised at the expression of his indignation and
regret at such a departure from the principles he
has advocated. All believe that the gentleman
wishes to restore a hard money currency, but he
(Mr L ) had not been so sanguine as to the prac-
ticability of restoring it so suddenly as the honor
able gentleman thought it could be done He
begged leave to ask the gentleman, whether he
thought it practicable to restore a hard money
currency by the action of this Government, jf the
States persisted in their present banking system,
and when there was such an increase in banking
capital in so many of the States? In order to
restore such a cunency, he thought it indispens
able that the State banking system should be
diminished In Vngmia, where there is as much
hostility to the Bank of the United States, and
where the banking system generally is as unpop-
ular as it is m any State of the Union, an effort
has recently been made to supply the void, to be
occasioned by the withdiawal of the United States
Bank bills, though he wi s glad to say it had not
been adopted He beheved there was no power
on eaith which could prevent this paper system,
if the State banking system continued to prevail
He voted last year for the bill reducing the stand-
ard of gold, but not in refeience to its preventing
ex< essive issues of paper; for if you have a twenty
dollar bill, you would have a light to claim gold
for it to the amount of the nominal value of the
gold, whether the standard had been 1 in 16, oi 1
m 32 The truth was, that paper being the cheaper
cunency, would always expel the dearer currency,
do what you will
Mr   BENTON said that, with regard to the
inquiry which bad been made of him by the hon-
orab'e gentleman from Virgm.a, it addiessed itself
to a sui ject upon which he could not be supposed
to have been indifferent     For some years lie had
turned  his attention to the sub]ect of currency,
and he  had looked at the difficulty sugeested, as
the gentleman did     He looked to the «operation
of the State governments as highly necessary to
the attainment of the great object, but not as the
orly means     He looked to the action of the State
governments as the most ready means of checking
th.s most inordinate paper system.   But, if aman
would cast his eye over the United States, and
look at the great advances which had been made
in public sentiment, in this particular, he would
see that there was hardly a State in which move-
ments had not been made against the papersystem,
I and ( VI i   B  said) in his State there was rot now
[ a single hank, the Legislature of the State had
lately refused to  charter one, and the Governor
| said, if one were chartered, he would use his veto
power upon it    So wholesome a state of things
in the public mind would tend to get rid of the
paper system     But this was not the only mode
of getting a metallic currency for common pur
poses    1 here was one measure, to restore a specie
currency, foi the origin of which he would have to
go back to the Congres,sof 1789, when the íevenues
of the Government weie required to be collected
in gold and silver     He placed great reliance on
the action of the States and upon letuunngto the
system of 1789     But there was another lemedy
in the hands of Congress, which could and would
be effectual     As to the cheap currency, it was
cheap to those who issued U, but dear to those
who used it
Mi LEIGH said he used the expression in
that sense He took it to be an axiom m political
economy that the two currencies could not exist
together, because the one was cheap and the other
deal, and therefore the one would recessanly expel
the other The gentleman from Missouri depends
upon the action and wisdom of theStatestocorreet
the evil, but he does not depend upon the action
of any one State to effect it If there were no
banks in Missouri now, Mi L ventured tosay
that, if her neighbors, Illinois, Indiana, and Ken-
tucky, did not restrain and legulate their paper
system, she would be driven to establish her own
banks in self-defence    He wished to impress it
on those who heard him, and if possible, on the
whole nation, that there must be a combined effort
of all the S ate governments to produce a restora-
tion to a hard money system.
•Mr TALLMADGE remarked with respect to
the amendment that, if the holder of a warrant
requires bis money in gold or silver, he has a
right to it, and therefore there is no necessity for
making a formal enactment of what is now the
law
The amendment was agreed to
Mi WEBSTER said that it was necessary for
the safety of the public funds that the deposite
banks should have a sufficient specie basis in their
operations He therefore offered an amendment
requiung that the deposite banks shall always
have on hand an aggregate amount of specie, and
of specie-paying bank notes, equal to----------------
of their liabilities
Mr W suggested to fill theblank with one fifth.
Mr BENTON piefeired a fourth, which Mr.
WEBSTER accepted
Mr SHEPLEY opposed the amendment, as
being one which would entirely defeat the objects
of the bill, because he believed no bank would be
willing to gut itself under such an obligation
After some further remarks from Mr EWING
and Mr SHTPLEY,
Mr CLAYTON rose and stated that a commit-
tee had just come in who had been investigating
a very interesting subject, and they desired to
report
At the suggestion of Mr CALHOUN, the pro-
ceedings upon the bill were suspended.
ASSAULT UPON THE PRESI ENT.
Mr SMITH, from the select committee ap-
pointed upon the letterof the Hon. GtonoE Poiu-
dexter, rose and stated that he was instiucted to
say that the committee had closed its examina-
tions—that the testimony taken was voluminous,
and the committee had not had time to prepare a
detailed tepoit, but they had come to the conclu-
sion, unanimously, that there was not a shade of
suspicion upon the character of Mr Poindextkb,
of his having any participation in the matter to
which their investigations had been directed.
THE PUBLIC JDEPOSÍ   ES----AGAIN.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
thcdepositebill.when Messrs WEBSTER.CAL-
HO0N, BUCHANAN, CLAYION, SHEP-
LEY, KNIGHT, and PRESTON, made some
remarks upon the amendment, when
Mr BUCHANAN asked the yeas and nays
upon us adoption, which were ordered, and are
as follow.
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Clayton, Ewing,Goldsborough, Hendricks,
McKean, Pomdextei, Poitei, Robbins, Smith,
Southard, Tipton, Tomlinson, W hite—17
NAYS—Messrs Bluck, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Frelmghuysen, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Ala-
bama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, Pientiss, Pieston,
Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Wag-
gaman, Webster—19
So the amendment was disagreed to
A motion to insert one-fifth was agreed to
Mr WEBSTER having remaiked that it was
the design of the bi'I to require the specie and
specie paying notes of other banks to be in the
vaults of the deposite banks, at the time of making
the quaiterly returns,
Mr TALLMADGE offered an amendment,
to express such requisition upon the face of the
bill.                                                 , ,
The amendment was not sgreed to.
Mr TALLMADGE offered an amendment au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to choose
addmonal deposite banks at P> «« where .here
are already banks so employed, when, in Ins
opinion, it may be necessary
The amendment was not agreed to
The bill was then reported to the Senate and
all the amendments were concurred in except thai
19
298                        ________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       February 26,
requiring each bank to have a ba is of one fifth
specie and notes of specie paying banks to meet
its liaoilmes
Upon this question Mr SHEPLEY demanded
the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and the
amendment was agreed to by the following vote.
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, B ack, Buch-
anan, Calhoun, Clayton, Cutlibert, Ewing, Go'ds
borough, Hendricks, King of Alabama, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum, Pomdexter,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbms, Robinson,
Southard, Tomlmson, Waggaman, Webster,
White—27.
•NAYS—Messrs Hill, Ruggles, Shepley.Tall-
madge, Tipton, Wright—6
The question then being on the engrossment of
the bill, Mi CALHOUN asked the yeas and
nays, which weie oidered.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he intended to vote
against the engrossment of this bill, and that there
might be misconstruction of his reasons for this
determination, he would state distinctly the sole
cause why he could not give it his support
The bill, in his opinion, had been greatly ím
proved by the amendments which had been adopt-
ed He was opposed to investing theTieasury
Department with any discretion m regard to the
deposite banks which was not absolutely neces-
sary. Their duties should be as far as possible
distinctly defined by law This we owed not only
to the department itself, but to the country. The
amendments had, in seveial important particu-
lars, accomplished this purpose—they had, in a
great degiee, supplied the defects in the original
bill
Why, then, it might be asked, should he vote
against it' His answer was simply because it re-
quired these banks to pay two peí cent interest on
the deposites. Now, it might be, and probably
was true, that the banks in the middle and east-
ern States would be able to bear this burthen But
what was tlfecasein the southwestern Slates  In
that portion of the Union, the Government received
large sums of money which must be deposited in
their local banks There was a constant drain
upon these banks to supply the funds necessary
to be expended by the Government in the middle
and eastern cities. This caused therate of exchange
to be always against New Orleans, and that por
tion of the Union Under this bill it was made
the duty of the deposite banks totiansfei the funds
of the Government to any point where it became
necessaiy to expend them. This duty they ought
to perform Mr B felt confident, howevei, both
from the nature of the business and the mfoima-
tion he had received from gentlemen of the South
and the West, that their banks would not be able
to bear the charge of transferring thesefunds, and
also pay interest upon the deposites at the rate of
two per cent The inevitable consequence would
be that the Government could not, in that portion
of the Union, get sound and solvent banks to accept i
the deposites upon the terms prescribed by this I
bill The Treasury Department would thus be I
embarrassed in its operations, and heavy e\ entful
losses might be sustained by the United States
Surely, (said Mr B ,) if two per cent lntefest on
the deposites be enough to demand from the banks
at New York or Boston, it is too much to exact
from those at New Orleans There is no equality,
there is no justice in subjecting them to the same
charge. Whilst the one class of banks must be
constantly transmitting funds, the other are con
stantly receiving them For this reason, and this
alone, he should be compelled to vote agamt the
bill
Mr PRESTON said he would vote for the
bill, but he did so with great reluctance, because
it was in some soit a justification of the measures
of the Executive, in placing the public money
where it now was, when he believed that act to
be wholly illegal and unconstitutional. He voted
for it therefore under a kind of duress.
Mr TALLMADGE said he would vote against
the bill, not because he was undei duress—foi he
believed the acts of the Executive alluded to by
the honorable gentleman were perfectly legal and
constitutional—but he voted against it because
there was provisions in the bill of so extraordinary
a character, without consuming time by going into
detail, that he could not vote for it.
A discursive debate of some length then ensued
between Messrs CUTIIBERT, PRESTON,and
CALHOUN, when the question was taken, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed, by the following
vote
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Black, Calhoun, Cuth
bert,  Ewirg,  Goldsborough, King of Georgia,
Knight, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Pomdexter, Por
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Robinson,Southaid,Tom-
linson, Webster, and White—20
NAYS—Messrs Bibb,Brown,Buchanan,Hen
dricks,  Hill,  Kane, King of Alabama, Morris,
Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, and Tipton—19
On motion of Mr PORTER,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 2G, 1835
* On motion of Mr BEARDSLEY, the bill from
the Senate m amendment of the acts for the pun-
ishment of offences against the United States, was
read the third time and passed.
Mr POPE moved to take up the bill in reía
tion to the Louisville and Portland canal, which
was disagreed to
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
A bill making appropriations for the Delaware
I bieakwater, for certain harbors, and removing
I obstructions in and at the mouths of certain rivers,
for the year 1835, was taken up
| Mr McKA Y moved to amend the b II so as to
I prevent any extra allowance or compensation to
any ofhVer of the army on account of services
performed undei the provisions of the bill, which
was agreed to
Mi. BARBER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an appropriation of $25,000 for the im-
provement of the navigation of the river Thames,
in the State of Connecticut, and demanded the
yeas and nayi on his motion, which were ordered,
and weie—yeas 63, nays 115
So the amendment was i ejected.
Mr HA WES moved to amend the bill by
inserting $20,000, for the improvement of the
navigation of Green river, in the State of Ken
tucky, which was negatived  .
Mi. TRUMBULL moved to insert in the bill
the sum of $25,000, for the purpose of deepening
the channel at the mouth of Connecticut river
This amendment was supported by Messrs
TRUMBULL, JACKSON of Connecticut, MER
CER, and BURGES, and opposed by Messis
PIERCD of Rhode Island, and SPEIGHT, when
Mi MILLER moved the pievious question,
which was seconded—ayes 91, noes G9
Mr H EVERETT demanded the yeas and
nays on the previous question, which were
ordered.
Mr EVANS moved to lay the bill on the table,
and demanded the yeas and nays on his motion,
which were ordered, and weie—yeas 81, nays 135
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
put'" was then taken and decided in the affiima
tive—yeas 109, nays 104.
DISTRICT   OF   COLUMBIA—AIFAIRS   WITH
FRANCE.
Mr CHINN called for the special order of the
day, being the bills reported by the Committee on
the Distpct of Columbia
Mr CAMBRELEiNG suggested the propriety
of first taking up a message from the President of
the United States.
After some conve-sation between various mem-
bers, by general consent, the special order was
postponed for an hour.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following message fiom the Presidentof theUmted
j States:
[The message and accompanying documents
will be found in this day's Senate proceedings__
see page 292 ]
As soon as the message and accompanying des-
patches had been read—
Mr CAMBRELENGsaid,in pursuance of the
pledge he before gave, he would merely move
that the communication from the President of the
United States, together with the accompanying
despatches, and the resolutorio he intended to
submit, should be printed, and the consideration
of the whole postponed till to-monow     Mr C
would only obseive, that he was authorized by a
majority of the Committee on Foieign Affaus to
submit certain resolutions
They were read as follows-
Resolved, That it would be incompatible with
the rights and honor of the United Slates further
to negotiate in relation to the treaty entered into
by Fiance on the 4 h of July, 1831, ai d that this
House will insist upon its execution as ratified by
both Governments
Resolved, ThattheCommitteeon Foreign A (Fairs
be discharged from the further consideration of so
much of the President's message as relates to com-
mercial restuctions, or to reprisals on the com-
merce of France
Resolved, That preparation ought to be made to
meet any emergency growing out of our relations
with France
Mr E EVERETT wished to amend the
motion by moving to refer the message and docu-
ments to the Committee on Foreign Afifaus He
understood the gentleman from New Yoik to say
j that theiesolutions moved by him weie sanctioned
by a majority of the committee Mr E would
j lemark that they had not been consideied lncom-
mitiee
Mr CAMBRELENG hoped the gentleman
would withdraw his motion, and permit the sub-
ject to lie over till to morrow
Mr E EVERETT said he had an object in
making Ins motion, which he would state when it
became necessary
Mi   J Q.  ADAMS hoped the message would
I be disposed of, as he wished to offei  an amend-
| ment to the resi lutionsofthegentlemnn from New
York, which he then  sent to the Chair, and they
were read by the Clerk, as follows
1    Resolved, That the rights of the citizens of
the United hiates to the indemnity fiom th<*
French Government, stipulated by the treaty of
the 4th of July, 1831, ought in no event to ba
sacrificed, abandoned, or impaired, by any consent
or acquiescence of the Government of the United
States
2    That if the President of the United Stntes
should, during the interval before the next session
of Cotgres% deem it not incompatible with the
honor anil interest of the United S ates to resume
the negotiations with the French Goveinment, he
be requested so to do
j      3   That no legislative mensuie of acharactei or
i  tendency hostile towards the  Fiench  nation, is
j   necessaiy or expedient at this tune
I      Mr CAMBRELENG then moved to postpone
the whole subject till to moriovv
I      The CHAIR obsei ved that the question must
|   fiist be taken on the motion to dispose of and punt
the message*
Mr  E  EVERETT had no desire to delay the
I  motion of the gentleman from New York, but as
i  that gentleman had submitted  thiee lesolutions,
I  in concunence, as he slated, with the opinions of
the majouty—though ihe gentleman would admit
they h¡.d nat been acted on in committee—Mr  E
only asked permission for himself and two other
membeis of the committee, composing the minor-
ity, to have printed  (he would  not take up so
much time as to ask the reading) their views on
the subject
This motion, requiring unanimous con&ei t,ard
objection being made,   «
Mi CAMBRELENG expiessed a hope that
the motion to punt would prevail
Mr ARCHER remaiked ihat it appeared to
him the presentmodeof proceeding wasexiremely
irregulai Ceitam member? of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs had piesented rebolutions whicn
they would have the House act upon, while m
the next breath they tell us that that committee
have not had the subject undei investigation
Mi CAMBRELENG explained The gentle-
man from Vermont was laboimg undei a misap-
prehension The resolutions had been under con-
sideration in the committee for a week past
Mr ARCHER resumed The course was alto-
gether irregular He would suggest to both the
honorable members that it would be better to move
the reference of the President's message to tie
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and to moirow
morning the coariuttee might leport thtse rtsoiu
1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
Uons, Drobably with some modifications, when the
House would be prepared to act upon the matter
Surely a subject of this dignity and importance
demanded that the most ordinary forms of the
House should not be dispensed with. No delay
could possibly arise from the mode suggested by
Mi. A The committee would doubtless meet in
the morning, and, aided by the communication
just read, they might mature a report, which the
House could consider at once. That was the only
correct and proper .node, while the other was
altogether unusual                                                     
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he made the motion
he did, inasmuch as there weie only a few days
of the session remaining, and little time left tor
discussion Injustice to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs he must say that they had the subject
under consideration ever since the beginning of
the session, and it was not until that day that
they had come to a conclusion to report, having
waited till the latest moment for information from
the Foreign Department. He hoped the House
would print both the resolutions of himself and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ]
Mr J.Q, ADAMS consented to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,]
and asked leave of the House to refer his own
resolutions also, with the other papers, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr COULTER agreed that the course recom-
mended by the gentleman from Virginia was the
ordinary and parliamentary one, and was the best
mode of disposing of the subject. He saw neither
the necessity nor the propriety of printing the res-
olutions of the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Cambrellnc,] because the subject must be sent to
the committee tor deliberation, who must return a
report to the House, and it was impossible to say
what tneir report would be; that is, impossible
according to the usual course of parliamentary pro-
ceedings, for it was not unlikely that the same
resolutions would be agreed upon.
Mr C. thought it somewhat anomalous and
contradictory to print resolutions, and then refer
the subject upon which the íesolutior.s should be
predicated to the committee, for it might be, that
the/ would report differently He thought, there-
fore, that a'l the papers should be sent to the com-
mittee, and there was no question they would
report to morrow morning at fatthest.
One word in relation to the course these matters
had alreaJy taken in that committee There was
no disposition in any of the members of that com-
mittee to find fault, and they had hitherto pro-
ceeded in harmony together, but it became neces-
sary to explain, that the course taken by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Everltt,] was
in fact, the only couise left, or permitted to him. It
was true, that three days ago, a majority of the
committee had agreed upon certain íesolutions,
and had instructed their chairman to report them
The minority, who entertained somewhat differ-
ent view , had also agreed upon a leport, and al-
though theie was no substantial diffeienoe between
them, yet it was decided by the minority to pre-
sent their views in a different form, and somewhat
different aspect There had been no recent meet-
ing of the committee, but the chanman had col-
lected the opinions of the majority, by calling upon
them individually This left the minority no other
way of getting then opinions before the country,
than that adopted by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr  Everett J
Mr PATTO.N rose (he said) for the purpose
of making an inquiry, which had been substan
tially answeied by tie gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr Coulter] Mr P was not present in
the committee when the íesolutions were agreed
upon, and he wished to know if they were similar
to those then offered by the gentleman fiom New
York. lie undeistood from the gentleman who
last addressed the Hou^e that they were After
what had transpired Mr P deemed it propei to
say for himself that the resolutions prtsented by
the gentleman from New York, and which he
(Mr P ) had supposed were intended to be pre-
sented by him individually as a member of the
committee, although they had received the con-
cuirence of the majority, weie very politely shown
by the gentleman to him, for his consideration,
that he might be prepared when the subject came
up
Mr. P. said he had never seen the resolutions
or report of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi Everett,] and he was therefore in the pie
dicament ot not having given his sanction to the
resolutions either of the majority or of the mi-
nority. He was, however, prepared to consider
these resolutions and all others, whenever they
should come up in a proper foim for the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. LETCHER suggested to the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Cambreleng,] to withdraw
the resolutions, and to move to refer the message
and accompanying documents to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and to morrow the gentleman
might offer his resolutions.
Mr  ARCHER thought that the best course
Mr. CAMBRELENG would accept the sugges-
tion with pleasure.   It was due to himself to state
that he submitted these resolutions yesterday to
i every member of the committee, though the de-
cision was substantially made by the committee
long ago     He believed also that every member
of the committee was aware of his intention to
submit them to-day
It was also due to himself, (Mr. C said,) tostate
that he had never seen or heard of any report
from the mmouty of the committee, or of any
resolution fiom that minority, till the gentleman
offered them just now.
Mr. C. then withdrew the proposition to print
the resolutions, and moved to refer the President's
message and accompanying papers to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and that they be printed
Mr E. EVERETT would interpose no objec-
tion to the last motion, but would ask that if the
gentleman'sresolutions were received as the report
of the majority, that he (Mr E ) might then be
permitted to submit a report on behalf of the mi-
nority In regard to the remark of the gentleman
that he had never heard 6f any such thing, Mr
E. said, if the gentleman would charge his recol-
lection more strictly, he would find that he had
been made aware of the existence of these papers,
for the gentleman himse'f suggested to Mr E to
defer their presentation so as to submit thein in
conjunction with his own report
Mr. CAMBRELENG said it was so Ion  ago
that he had forgotten the circumstance.
Mr. ARCHER raised a question of order No
report had been made, and it could not be debated
without the special leave of the House.
Mr McKlNLEY hoped the question of print-
ing would be withdrawn, since he was assured
that the publication of these documents would be
productive of much mischief, and he hoped they
would be leferred without being ordered to be
printed.    He moved a division of the question.
Mr J Q, ADAMS then withdrew his resolu-
tions.
Mr SUTHERLAND thought, perhaps, it
would be as well for the House to postpone print-
ing the correspondence till the report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had been made,
which would be to morrow, so that the corre-
1 spondence and the report of the committee might
go out together
|     Mr CAMBRELENG observing that the mo-
tion to print could be made to-monow morning,
and as a disposiaon had been manifested that the
motion should be withdrawn, he would accord-
i mgly withdraw it
1     Mr   WATMOUGH thereupon renewed the
motion
Mr WILDE informed the House that the same
1 papers had been ordered to be printed by the other
House
Mr S JONES and Mr J a ADAMS hoped
the gentleman from A'abama would withdraw his
objection to print.
Mr LYTLE said he believed all the mischief
had already been done that possibly could be done
by publicaron, by the very reading of those doc-
uments with open doors, in the hearing of the
reporters, and of the immense eoncouise then
assembled m the gal'enes of the House
Mr McKlNLEY said, inasmuch as the papers
had been ordered to be printed by the other House,
he would withdraw his motion to divide the ques-
!     Mr BURGES said a few words in favor of the
motion to print
I     The motion to print and refer the papers to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was then agreed to
without a division."
DibTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House then, at a quarter before thiee
o'clock, proceeded to the special orders of the day.
The bill to organize the several file companies
in the District of Columbia was first taken up.
Various verbal amendments were concurred in,
ard the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill to extend the charter of the Fire Insu-
rance Company of Alexandria was next taken up
and disposed of in a similar manner.
The bill regulating the toll on the Eastern
Branch bridge,
The bill to extend the charter of the Potomac
Fire Insurance Company;
The bill to mcoi pótate the Georgetown Savings
Company, and
The bill for the benefit of Georgetown and
Alexandria, were severally laid on the table
The House then went into Commitiee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Mann, of
New York.m the chair) on the bill relating to the
orphans' court in the District of Columbia, which
was consideied and repotted to the House without
amendment.
The committee then rose, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a thud reading
Mr CHINN then moved that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the other bills
relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. THOMAS said the charters of the banks
which it is proposed to extend would not expire
until Maich, 1836 He uid not, therefore, see the
necessity of acting on these bills at this session
Three months of the next session of Congress
would expire before the expiration of the charters,
and the House could then take up, consider, and
dispose of the grave questions involved in the re-
chartei of the banks of this District. The stock-
holders of all these banks enjoyed unreasonable
privileges, he wished to curtail them, but this is
not the time to entei into this conoideiation, when
we are on the eve of an adjournment To all the
bank bills he was, therefore, opposed at this time,
and had moved to strike them fiom the motion of
the gentleman from Vnginia To theiecharterof
some of the banks he hud a particular dislike.
They had failed dunng the last session of Con-
gress, under circumstances well calculated to add
to the terrible excitement which was then cieated.
Before we can consider the piopnety of lecbartei-
ing this last class of banks, surely the House owes
it to the country to inquue into the causes of these
failures. If they failed with good cause they are
still embarrassed, and we should not cheat the
public by doing any act calculated to give credit
to these institutions If they failed without good
cause, they were solvent at the tune of failuie—
then they aided shamefully to mciease that dis-
graceful panic whi"h had so seuously afflicted the
whole country Before we lechorter, let us ex-
amine, let the next Congress appoint a committee
to make a searching inquiry into the conduct aid
condition of these institutions, and if lound to be
worthy, then, and not till then, let a charter be
granted on such terms and conditions as the pub-
lic interest will justify
On this question a short discussion ensued be-
tween Messrs THOMAS.CUINN, VANDER-
POEL, BEARDSLLY.and MoKbNNAN
The question was finally taken by veas and
nays, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 102,
nays 66
The House then went into Committee oe the
Whole (Mr Pii-rce, of New Hampshire, in the
chan) on the remaining bills
The bill to extend the juiisdiction cf certain
couits in the county of Washington was consid-
ered, and, after some verbal ameidmenu, it was
laid aside, and
The bill to incorpoiate the Ale^tandiia Savings
Company wis taken up
Mr G1LLCT moved to strike out the enacting
clause
The reading of the bill being called for, it was
read by the Clerk
Mr VANDERPOEL explained the nature of
the proposed institution
Mr CILLLT thought that it would possess all
aOO                    ________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________February 26,
the objectionable featuies of a bank—a monopoly. '
Jt was decidedly such an institution as the people
of this coiuitiy have, wuh a loud  voice, con-
demned, and it was -he duty of Congress to cany
out the views of tne people
Mi CEIiNN denied that this institution partook,
in any degree, of the character of a bai k, and de
fended the bill
Mi MANN, of New Yoilc, was apprehensive
that if his colleague [Mr. Vanderpoel] would
moie closely examine this bill, he would discover
that it was essentially a savings bank; but he was
unwilling to deprive the city of Alexandria of the
benefiis ot our legislation, he hoped his other col-
league [Mr Gillet] would withdraw his oppo-
sition, anu suifer the bill to pass, after some slight
amendment
Mr VANDERPOEL replied. He said if the
motion to strike out the enacting clause should not
prevail, u was his intention to offer an amendment
to the bill, to meet the scruples of his colleague,
[Mr. Maí.n ]
Mr. HUBBARD expressed his utter surprise at
the evidence of the slightest opposition to this bill
Such institutions had been ol immense benefit to
the country, in enabling the poor to lay up their
scanty earnings. This he had witnessed in his
own neighboihood, and he hoped the motion would
not prevail
Mr. PELDER referred to instances in which
the managers of such establishments had been
guilty of the grossest abuses He expressed him-
self opposed to the whole class of these institu
tions They were too often bottomed in fiaud
and swindling.
Mi FILLMORE proposed an amendment to
the third section, providing that no notes should
be made payable to the directors He then pro-
ceeded to defend the nature of the proposed mcoi-
poration. He deemed it emphatically the poor
man'3 bank, in opposition to the rich man's mo-
nopoly.
Mr POLK spoke ageinst the passage of the
bill. He saw nothing in its nature to prevent the
investment of the funds of capitalists for purposes
of speculation. Neither did he see any injury that
could result to the community by its postpone-
ment to another session.
Mr. PARKER went into an examination of
those institutes. He was opposed to the bill, and
thought the amendment of the gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Fili morl] would not remedy it.
The amendment of Mr. Fii lmoue was then
agreed to; and Mr F then submitted anothei,
relating to the amount of loans and deposites to be
made by the company to, and by a single individ-
ual, limiting the same to five hundred dollars.
Mr. HARPER spoke in general terms in favor
of saving institutions; but he believed the amend-
ment proposed was not, he feared, sufficient to
secure this one from abuse.
Mi. MANN, of New York, said a few words
in explanation of the features of the bill.
Mr. GILLET again addressed the House in
opposition to the bill, and in favor of his motion
to stuke out the enacting clause
Mr FILLMORE then withdrew his amend-
ment, in order to avoid furthei discussion.
Mr PLUMMER said he never had voted for
a bank charter; but if he ever should do so, it
would not be for one in disguise, as he deemed
this to be. It was clothed with banking powers,
and was, in every point of view, a monopoly.
Mi CHINN 6wed it to the applicants to de-
fend their leputation. They were unimpeachable,
and he believed their intention to be unexception-
able.
Mr. HARPER expressed his conviction that
the bill contained many defects.
The motion to strike out the enacting clause
was agreed to.
The bill making appropriations for the Peni-
tential y in the District of Columbia was read and
laid aside
The bill granting an additional quantity of land
for the satisfaction of revolutionary bounty land
warrants was next considered
On this a discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
PARKER, MASON, VINTON, HUBBARD,
CLAY, and EVANS, took part.
Mr. PARKER moved the committee rise.
Mr. EVANS rose to a point of oider, whether
the motion before the committee was to rise, and
report the bills already acted on, with the excep-
tion of the last.
This ehcned furthei consideration, until
Mi. PARKER explained the nature of his mo-
tion, which, to save discussion, he withdrew. Mi.
P then continued his remarks in opposition to the
bill     He gave way, however, to
Mr FILLMORE, who renewed the motion
that the committee rise After a short debate the
question was taken bv tellers, when there ap-
peared—ayes 72, noes 45.
There being no quotum, the committee lose,
and the Chairman reported that fact to the House
A motion was then made to adjourn, on which
question Mr McKENNAN demanded the yeas
and nays.    They were not ordered.
The question on adjournment was then taken
by telleis, when there were declared to be—ayes
52, noes 89.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Committee of the "Whole being again in
session, the question recurred on rising, when
there appeared—ayes 80, noes 51.
The committee then rose and reported the bills,
with the exception of the last named.
The amendment adopted by the committee to
strike out the eracting clause of the bill to incor-
poiate the Alexandua Savings Institution was
concurred in, and the bill consequently rejected.
The amendment to the other bills relating to
the District of Columbia were concurred in, and
they were oideied to be engrossed for a third
reading
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Februmy 27, 1835.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen
sions, íeported, without amendment, the bills from
the House granting pensions to Theophilus Bleek-
man and Elijah Blodget.
Mr. TOML1NSON, from the same committee,
to which the bill granting pensions to the widow
of Noah Chittenden and to Thankful Randall was
referred, reported that they ought not to pass.
Mr. EW1NG presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Ohio, rescinding the joint resolu-
tion of the same body, passed last yeai, instructing
their Senators, &c, to sustain the removal of the
deposites; to oppose the recharter of the United
States Bank, and to oppose the said bill, which,
on his motion, was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
SEATS IN THE SENATE.
Mr PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed
to examine and report into the expediency of so
arranging the seats in the Senate Chamber as will
piomote the convenience of members and facilitate
the despatch of public business.
The resolution was adopted, and, by consent,
the Chairappomted Messrs Porter/Tallmadce,
and Cuthbert.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS.
The resolution submitted by Mr BENTON, to
expunge from the Journal the resolution parsed
last session, declaring " that the Executive m the
' late proceedings with reference to the revenue
' has exercised authority and power not author-
' ized by the Constitution and laws, and danger-
' ous to the liberties of the people," came up in
order for consideration, when
Mr. BENTON spoue at length in support of it.
"When Mr B. concluded, the discussion was
suspended for the purpose of taking up the fol*
lowing bills, which were read a third time and
passed:
RAILROAD THROUGH PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill authonzmg the Leavenworth, Bloom-
wgville, and other railroad, companies, to locate
railroads through the public lands.
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The bill to regulate the public deposites in the
State banks.
Messrs.   POINDEXTER, TYLER,   BIBB,
BROWN,   EWING, and  CALHOUN, made
some remarks upon this bill, when
Mr BLACK asked the yeas and nays upon its
passage, which were ordered, and the bill was
parsed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,Black,Calhoun,Clay-
ton, Cuthbeit, Ewing, Fielmghuysen, Goldsbo-
rough, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Mangum, Moore, Porter, Pientisa, Pieston, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tom
hnson, Tylei, Waggaman, Webster, White—28
" NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Brown, Buchanan,
Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Morns,
Poindextei, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge—12.
CONVENTION WITH PRANCE.
Mr CLAY, on leave given, and pursuant to
notice, intioduced a bill to continue the commis-
sion for carrying into effect the convention with
France.
By unanimous consent the bill was read twice
and ordered to be engrossed.
The bill was afterwards read the third time and
passed.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE TWO SICILIES.     "
The bill authorizing the Secretary of theTieas-
ury to compromise the claims allowed by the
commission against the King of the two Sicilies
was, on motion of Mr SILSBfcE, considered as m
Committee of the Whole, and ordeied to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill was afterwards read the third time and
passed.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS----AGAIN.
The Senate again resumed Mr Benton's reso-
lution, when
Mr SOUTHARD took the floor, and spoke at
length in opposition to the lesolution, and entered
intoan examination and condemnation of the right
of instruction.
When he concluded, on motion of Mr. PRES-
TON, the subject was laid on the table.
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LAND WAR-
RANTS.
The Senate then considered,as in Committee of
the Whole, the bill granting an additional quantity
of land in satisfaction of unlocated Virginia military
bounty land warrants.
Mr CLAY opposed the bill on the ground that
the number of acres appropriated would not be
sufficient for the purpose of satisfying all these
claims, we di<J not know when we should ever
stop. Thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. Ttier]
informed him fotmerly that the last appropriation
would be sufficient, and yet we appeared to be
no nearer the end of this business than we were
then.
Mr EWING said he would much rather appro-
priate the sum of $887,500 instead of five hundred
and fifty thousand acres, and then we should know
what we were about. He was opposed to the
bill.
Mr LEIGH made some remarks in favor of
the bill. He said this appropriation could not
be considered as made to Virginia, any more than
to Ohio, Kentucky, or Tennessee, for not one
twentieth of these claimants íesided in that State.
Mr TYLER said if the original appropriation
of five hundred and fifty thousand acres was just
and con set, a further appropriation ought to be
made to co\ei all the claims, even if it should
amount to five millions of acres. The report made
on the subject showed that the great mass of these
claims were airead y satisfied, and he did not think
we would be much troubled on the subject here-
after.
Mr. CLAY said that the main cause of this
great increase was in consequence of the bills
passed giving pension and bounty lands, &c
Since the passage of the act of 1830, they have
found in the attic story of the Capitol a large mass
of revolutionary papers, out of which the greater
part of these claims have sprung. There seems
to be no end of these c'aims, he was willing to vote
, for the five hundred and fifty thousand aeres,pro-
vrded it was to be the last.
Mr. POINDEXTER offered an amendment
requiring all claimants hereafter to file their claims
in the office of the Commissioner of the Land
Office within two years, or their claims shall be
baued.
1835                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   301
After some remarks by Mr. TYLER and Mr.
CL A Y,~the amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr. LEIGH, the blank was filled
with six hundred and fifty thousand acres.
On'the question, " Shall the bill be engrossed
and read a third time?"
Mr. HILL asked the yeas and nays; which,
being ordered, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Clay, Cuthbert, Ewing, Goldsborough, Hen-
dricks, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, Leigh,
Linn, Mangurn, Moore, Poindexter, Porter, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Silsbee, Southard, Tomlinson,
Tyler, Waggaman, and White—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Hill, King of Georgia, Reg-
gies, Shepley, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, an&o
Wright—8.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House were read
the first and second time, and severally referred:
A bill relating to the orphans' court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill to extend the charter of the Fire Insur-
ance Company of Alexandria;
A n aat to organize fire companies in the District
of Columbia;
An act mailing appropriation for certain roads
and surveys;
A bill for the relief of Sarah H  B. Stith;
A bill for the reHef of Elizabeth J. Wiilson and
others;
A bill amendatory of an act establishing the
Chesapeake Canal Company;
An act for carrying into effect the convention
between the United States and Spain;
An act making an appropriation for the support
of the penitentiary in the District of Columbia;
An act authorizing the circuit court of Wash-
ington county, District of Columbia, to hold special
sessions;
A bill making additional appropriation for the
Delaware breakwater, and other purposes;
A bill making appropriations for Indian annui-
ties and other similar objects for 1835;
A bill authorizing the construction of a dry-dock
for the use of the navy;
A bill extending the patentof Robert Eastman;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jacob Smith,
deceased; and
A bill making provisions for survey and plans,
and establishing a surveyor general's office in
Illinois and Indiana.
BILLS CONSIDERED.
The following bills were taken up in Commit-
tee of the Whole, considered, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time:
A bill for the relief of Mary O'Sullivan;
A bill to confirm certain land claims in Missouri;
and
A bill for making a road from Lime Greek to
Chattahoochie.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that he should to-
morrow call up the resolution for electing a printer
for the Senate.
SUSPENSION OP JOINT RULE.
Mr. BIBB offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the joint rule of the two Houses
which declares that no bill that shall have passed
one House shall be sent for concurrence to the
other, on either of the last three days of the ses-
sion, be suspended, so far as to allow bills which
shall have passed either House before twelve
o'clock, p. m., of Saturday, 280i instant, to be
sent to the other for concurrence.
PENSION AGENCY AT GREEN POINT.
The bill for establishing a pension agency south
of Green river, returned from the House with an
amendment, was laid on the table; when
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 27, 1835.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which had  been referred the amend-
ments proposed by the Senate to the bill which
originated in the House, making appropriations
for certain fortifications for the year 1835, made a
report recommending a concurrence in a portion
of the amendments, and a non-concurrence in the
residue. The bill and amendments were com-
mitted.                   *
Mr. McKINLEY, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported, without amendment,
the bill from the Senate for the establishment of
branches of the mint; which was committed.
Mr. BINNEY, from a select committee,made
a report on the subject of weights and measures;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WATMOUGH moved to print three thou-
sand extra copies of the foregoing report; which
1 motion, under the rule, lies over one day.
I     Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
i and Canals, reported two amendments to the har-
¡ bor bill; which were ordered to be printed.
'     Mr.  ASHLEY,  from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize John
Whitzett to enter a certain tract of land-, which
was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Commit-
tee of the Whole was discharged from the furiher
consideration of the bill for the relief of certain
Choctaw Indians.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions were
made by Messrs. CHAMBERS, F. THOMAS,
and McINTI RE, from sianding committees; which
were ordered to he on the table.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.                .
Mr. HAWES moved to suspend the rules of
the House for the purpose of considering the
report of the committee on the West Point Acad-
emy. His only object was to have the report
printed.
Mr. HA WES.demanded the yeas and nays on
his motion: which were ordered, and were—yeas
70, nays 300.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. CAMBRELENG.from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made the following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which was
referred so much of the President's message as
concerns our political relations with France,
and the correspondence between the Ministers
of the two Governments, submit the following
report:
At an early period of the session, the commit-
tee took into consideration the question of author-
izing reprisals, and continued from time to time to
discuss various motions and resolutions submitted
by its different members; they could, however,
concur in no proposition, and in that condition, a
majority deemed it expedient to postpone their
decision till further intelligence should be received
from France. The committee had, within the
week past, twice instructed its chairman to report
resolutions, but the arrival of additional intelli-
gence caused^a suspension of these reports until
an official communication should be received from
the Executive. That communication places the
relations between the two countries in a novel
and interesting position. While there is satisfac-
tory evidence that the French Government earn-
estly desires that the appropriation for indemnity
should be made in pursuance of the stipulations
of the treaty, and while there is reason to hope
Ithat the Chamber of Deputies will adopt that
measure and faithfully discharge the obligations
of France to the United States, it is, on the other
hand to be feared that the conduct of that Gov-
ernment has placed us in a position at least em-
barrassing, even should it not produce an entire
suspension of diplomatic intercourse between the
two nations. In- this new position of our rela-
tions; it is deemed expedient to dispense with
further discussion on the subject of non-mter-
course with and reprisals on the commerce of
France, to which the attention of the committee
had been directed, and to leave thequestion of our
political relations with that Government to the
next Congress, whose action will no doubt be
governed by the course which France may deem
it expedient to pursue. We are not yet informed
what may have been "the decision of the King of
the French as to the dismissal of our Minister,
nor can we conjecture what may be the fate of the
appropriation in the Chamber of Deputies. While
the committee is unwilling to. anticipate any but
an amicable and favorable result in both cases, it
must be recollected that the King and the Cham -
bers may decide adversely to the interests and
harmony of the two nations. Such a decision
on the part of France, however it may be regret-
ted by the people of both countries, who have
great and growing interests, "commercial, and
political, to cherish, may lead to a result upon
which the committee, while in doubt and while a
hope remains, will not enlarge.
The committee is therefore of opinion, that at
such a crisis, when events may occur which can-
not be anticipated, and which may lead to im-
portant consequences in our external relations, it
would not discharge its duty to the country, if it
did not express a firm resolution to insist on the
full execution of the treaty of 1831, and if it did
not recommend to the House a contingent prep-
aration for any emergency which may grow out
of our relations with France, previous to the next
meeting of Congress. It is a gratifying circum-
stance that our means are adequate to meet any
exigency, without recourse to loans or taxes.
The bill now before the House authorizing the
sole of our stock in the Bank of the United States
would, if adopted, afford all the revenue neces-
say. The committee is of opinion, that the whole
or a part of the fund to be derived from that
source, should be appropriated for the purpose
of arming our fortifications, and for making otKeí
military and naval preparations for the defence
of the country, in case such expenditures should
become necessary before the next meeting of
Congress.
The committee therefore submit the following
resolutions for the consideration of the House:
Resolved, That it would be incompatible with the
rights and honor of the United States further to
negotiate in relation to the treaty entered into by
France, on the 4th July, 1831, and that this House
will insist upon its execution as ratified by both
Governments.
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of so
much of the President's message as relates to
commercial restrictions or reprisals on the com-
merce of France.
Resolved, That contingent preparations ought
to be made to meet any emergency growing out
of our relations with France.
Mr. E. EVERETT, on behalf of himself and
two of his colleagues of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, asked permission of the House to submit
their views on the subject. He would only ob-
serve, that the document was somewhat too long
to ask for its reading at that time; and therefore
he should only move that the same disposition be
made of it as of the report of the majority. The
minority of the committee did not materially differ
in their views from the majority, except in one or
two points; but they thought it due to the subject
to take a more full and argumentative view of it.
Mr. C AMBRELENG said it was proper that he
should remark, in addition to what he had stated
yesterday in relation to the report of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that he (Mr. C.) had not
at that time the remotest idea that thi3 document
was trie same as the one prepared by that gentle-
man a long time ago; and before Mr. C. had been
appointed chairman of the committee, when the
two countries stood in a very different attitude
towards each other. Before the last communica-
tion was made, Mr. C. had even proposed that a
motion should be made for printing the document;
but the suggestion was not adopted by the com-
mittee. In the new relations which had subse-
quently ensued, it became necessary, Mr. C.
thought, to present new views; and supposing the
minority of the committee would do so, he stated,
what he conceived to be a fair inference, that he
had never seen or heard of that document. He
thought proper to make this explanation, in con-
sequence of what had occurred yesterday; and to
reiterate that the document then submitted by the
gentleman from Massachusetts had never been
read by one of the six members constituting the
majority of the committee.
Mr. J. Q. ADAMS then asked leave to submit
802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
his resolutions But before doing so he desired to
know whether the paper presented by his honor
able collea'ne cone tided with any lesolutions?
Mr E °EVJiRETT replied, that it did not
He merely wished, as he stated before, to give it
the same disposition that the House intended to
give to the reptrt of the majority.
Mi. J Q, ADAMS said, as the report of the
minority did not conclude with any resolution or
resolutions, he moved that the resolutions which
he had presented yesterday should be received as
an amendment, or a substitute, to those of the
gentleman from New York
[The lesoluuons were then read, as they ap
peared in tne proceedings oí yesterday ]
Mr A íeq jested that the word " measures" as
printed in the Nati mal Intelligencer should be
a tered to " measuie " He also wished to ac
count to the House and to the nation for theveibal
variations that existed between the copies punted
in the Intelli¿encerand the Globe of that morning
The Mason was this- His resolutions, in his own
manuscript, were taken by the editors of the Na-
tional Intelligencer to be punted in that paper
Shortly afterwards an application was made to
Mr A on the pait of the Globe for a copy of
them-, he staled the fact, that they were m the
possession of the editois of the Intelligence , but
the geinleman wh > anplied to him Irom the Globe,
having ex^iessed a strong desire to have a copy
of them to publish in that morning's paper, Mr
A v/ro'c a tnnscnpt fiom memory, intending it,
if he could, to be vtibatim U lilcialim, but he
fo ind on reading it over that theie weie verbal
alteration**,though making no alreiati>n wholesei
in the sense He thought it ptoper to give this
I r ef exj lanation, because peisnna at a distance
might be unable to corjec uie why such variation"5
should have occurred
Mr A  conclu le I by moving that the íesolii
turns be idopted as an amendment, or substitute,
for those of Mr  Caubrlllng
fhe SPEAKER, lemaiked, hat the question
would be on the amendment ollereil by the other
gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr  E\irltt ]
Mi ARCHCR lose (he said) to move that the
report and re oluuons ot the mctjonty of the com
mittee, logethei with the report of tl e n inonty,
be commuted to a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be made the oider of
the day for that thy
Mr CAM BRELENG requested the gentleman
t> amend his motion so as io include the punting
of the report and resolutions
Mr ARC ICR assented, and fuithei amended
the motion so as to make it the order of the day
lor to-morrow
The CHAIR letnarked, that if the subject was
committed to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of theUnion, it must take the mditmiy place
on theCalendai, and could not be brought up but
by a vote of two thirds of the House for a sus-
pension of the i ules
Mr. ARCHER then said he would confine his
motion to make it the order of the day for " to-
day "
Mr POLK begged to inquire of the Chair if it
wns  made  the order of the day fn "today,"
whether it would then hive the piecedence?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr  POLK h&ped then it would not be com
mitted
Mr WILDE asked what would belts situation
if the motion to commit to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union pi evaded >
The CHAIR leplied, they would be plsced
on the Cilendar, and could be taken up by post
poning all the orders of the da3 ,or by hying each
subject on the table as it came up, till the House
reached this
This   point was   further  discussed   briefly by
Mr    SPEIGHT,   Mr    MERCER,   and    Mi
ARCHER
Mr SUTHERLAND rose (he said) to put a
question to the Chan, the reply to which would
govern his vote "He defined to know if the Chair
consideied this the last day on which bills emana-
ting in that House could be sent to the other
branch, and he would request the Clerk to exam-
ine the Journals to see if Sunday was a dies non,
or was considered one of the parliamentary days.
The CHAIR replied that he had been informed
that a decision of a former Congress had been
made on this subject, and that that would be the
last day, according to that decision, on which the
House could «end bills to the other branch.
Mr. MILLER said he expected that answer,
and he would suggest whether it would not be
better to act on such bills as were indispensable
to day, and to allow the subject then before the
House to he over till to morrow.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the gentle-
man from Viiginia [Mi Archer] to witlidiaw
his motion to commit to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, because if the
motion prevailed, it would defeat all action upon
the resolutions during the present sessidn. There
was a bill connee'ed with the subject, which, if
not taken up to day, could not be acted upon
without a vote of two thuds of both Houses, he
therefore hoped the gentleman would not press
his motion.
Mr ARCHER said he was as anxious as the
gentleman from New York to avoid a lengthy dis-
cussion on this subject, but it seemed to him that
it would be both inegular and derogatory to the
subject to discuss it anywhere else than in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
The House might, if it pleased, resolve itself
mslanter into a Committee of the Whole generally,
and take up any business before it
Mi BURGE8 thought evei y gentleman would
at once perceive the importance of the question,
and recollect that it was one of as deep an intei est
t  the Union and to the nation as had ever been
discussed in a Committee on the state of the Union
Look back to the whole history of the country,
and the same couise had always been taken, and
a deviation fiom that long established course had
nevei taken place on far less important subjects
than this.                                                                       i
With regard to the objections of the gentleman I
from New York, they had been answered by the ,
gentleman fiom Vnginia     When in Committee i
of the Whole on thestate of the Union, they could j
take up whatevei bills might be referred to it, and '
these resolu ions likewise.    Really, he must say I
that it seemed to him altogether out of the ordinal y
course not to refer this matter.    It was in order
every day, and at any time, for the House to go
mío that committee    He hoped the bills before I
(he House would be taken up and gone through |
to da), and they might fully discuss the matter
undei consideiation to-morrow, and he hoped the
motion would be so modified.
Mr POLK lose (he said) to correct an error
into which many had fallen, in regaid to the pai-
ticular position m which the bill to regulate the
deposite of the public money then was That
bill was not in Committee of the Whole on the
sute of the Union It had been made the special
ordei f >r a certain day, and by a vote of the House
some fortnight ago, all the orders of the day had
been postponed for the puipose of taking up the
several bills relating to the Bank of the United
States                                                   ^
[Mi   P  here enumerated the several bills ]
Since then, by various votes of the [louse, other
measures have obtained precedence by postponing
these bills     Now, he understood the state of the
business to be this   If the recommendation of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs should receive the '
sanction of the House, the bill involved in it must '
also be acted upon at the same time, or, if not, it j
would require a majority of two thuds of both 
Houses
He would suggest to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr Archer] what would perhaps econo- j
mise their time, viz that they should proceed
forthwith to decide upon these resolutions, for to
commit them to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union would be to bury them It
was very certain that the House would never hear
of them again. If decision was requned theonly
way to get at it would be to consider the subject
at once
Mr J d ADAMS said itappeared to him that
the course íecommended by the gentleman from
Vnginia was the only constitutional course, and
as the object of the last resolution of the chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations was i
to effect an appropriation for the defence of the
country—at least the recommendation-contained
in it involved an appropriation of money—the res-
olution itself must, pursuant to the rules of the
House, be considered in Committee of the Whole
House. It was a proposition to employ money;
to expend money; the money of the nation, and
a large sum of it, too; and was, therefore, an
appropriation. He would remark that it was
introduced by an indirect resolution, although it
could not be carried into effect but by a bill The
House could not bind itself to pass it, unless it
went through committee. By the rules of the
House, no motion or proposition for a tax or
charge upon the people can be discussed on the
same day it is introduced, and, moreover, it was
provided that every such proposition should re-
ceive its first discussion in a Committee of the
Whole House Was this not a proposition for
a tax, or a chaige upon the people? It was, for
it would take the people's money and appropriate
it for purposes which it was not yet certain that
the consent of Congress could be obtained. The
object was apparent enough. It was done for the
purpose of forcing down in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, a bill which
ought to be specially discussed in that committee.
It was an ingenious device, now for the first time
disclosed, to connect the war with the Bank 01
the United States We were to have two wars
together. He thought one would be as much as
we could wage for the good of the country.
Another rule of the House provided that no
tax or duty should be increased, without being also
discussed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. And the next was, that all
proceedings touching appropriations of money
should be fiist discussed in the Committee of the
Whole House Was this nota proceeding touch-
irg the appropriation of money' We were told
that it was a proceeding to deliver the United
States from the burden of $7,000,000, but Mr. A
thanked God there had as yet been no expression
of opinion on the part of the House on the sub-
ject.
There were two things which in the course of
the deep anxiety he had felt on this subject since
the commencement of the session, he had obseived
with deep concern. The first was that the prin-
ciple had been assumed—and it was with unfeigned
grief he said it—by the majority of that House,
that this dispute with Fiance was to be managed
upon party grounds, that the supporters of the
Administration were the only persons to be heard
upon this subject, that what they proposed must
be cairied in spite of all objections, and that the
minority were to have no puvileges whatever left
to them, but to say aye or no, to any proposition
presented by the friends of the Administration.
That was the principle assumed, and one which
he deeply deplored
The second thing was that now for the first
time disclosed, and that was that the two wars
weietobe blended together. That there was to
be a war with France and a war with the Bank of
the United States, carried on at the same time,
in such a manner as that one of them would break
down the other He repeated that this principle
had been assumed, a principle the teverse of that
assumed by the Senate—he hoped he was not out
of order in alluding to the other body—but it was
the reverse of the punciple there assumed, and of
the only principle upon which, in his opinion, the
country could ever go through a war against a
foreign nation, with honoi or with advantage to
the country I say (said Mr A ) it was assumed
by an act of the minority of the Committee ot)
Foieign Relations, which act that House did not
reprobate as 1 thought it should have done, by
displacing, contrary to long established usage, the
chairman of that committee, and placing in his
stead anothei chairman, chosen, to say the least of
it, by his own vote.
The SPEAKER intimated that the gentleman
must percive that these remarks were not in
order They were irrelevant to the subject under
consideration
Mr J a ADAMSsaid he had referred to that
appointment only by way of illustration of the
principles assumed in the'management of those
allans, and wfesch he thought extremely perm-
J835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
ciou3, but he would say no more on that sub-
By the rules of the House, then, it was clearly
and emphatically laid down, that these resolutions
could not constitutionally be passed by the House,
unless, in the first instance, they were considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The consequence of not doing so, would
be to suppress debate, and whenevei the friends of
the Administration, or the acting chairman of the
Committeeon Foreign Affairs thought that discus-
sion had gone far enough, then the screws of the
previous question would be applied. And then we
were told that this was the last day in which bills
could be sent from this to the other House, and
that ne must pass this bill to day, whether we
could or not, or it could not pass at all, and the
buglehorn of party will be sounded, and we shall
be told that we must pass this resolution. When
the previous question shall have been applied, and
seconded, and when the question shall be taken,
then we shall be at liberty to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. After some
further remarks, Mr. A concluded, by again con-
tending that it would be contrary to the Constitu-
tion to act upon the subject, without going into
committee.
Mr. CAMBRELENGbehevedtheHouse would
the aspect of two countries of immense popula-
tion, and upon the happiness of a great poition of
the human race. It was therefore proper that
everything should be done dispassionately, with
due deliberation, and in order He hoped the
House would adopt the usual and ordinary pro-
ceedings. They must perceive that too little time
remained for the House to adopt any measure
upon this subject in the tone of temper and delib-
eration that was requisite; and it would perhaps
be best to leave everything to the calm delibera-
tion of the people, and to the representatives who
would come fresh from them at the next session
of Congress, or they might be convened sooner,
if the Executive thought the contingency arising
from new circumstances demanded it At all
events, he hoped nothing would be done irregu-
larly, and he coincided with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that this, of all other questions,
ought to be debated in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Constitution
required it, and the rule of this House required it.
Mr C. inquired if it would be in order to move
that to-morrow morning, at eleven o'clock, the
House should recolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of considering this question.
The CHAIR said it would be varying the rules
readily pardon him if he did not follow in the same I  0f the House, and would require a vote of two
tone and temper of the gentleman from Massaehu-  <
sefs     He had too much respect bolh for himself
aid for mat gentleman, as w ll as for the House   jj
Mr C reo-reited that on a sub¡ectand an occasion >
which should of itself command unanimity, the i(
gentleman should have travelled out of his way to
cast imputations of the character the House had
just heard, and forgetful also of the high dignity
winch that occasion demanded, suddenly descend
ed from tne lofty eminence he had bo lately reached   |
Mr C would permit himstlf to go no further than (
to disclami every imputation which the gentleman i
had thiown out of a desire on his (Mr. C ) part
u connect the war with France with the Bank of
the United States     He was no longer an enemy (i
to the bank, in the sense in which the gentleman ,
seemed to refer to it   As it regarded anothei ques-
tion which the gentleman thought proper to al ude
to viz- Mr. C.'selection as chairman of the Com- ¡
ramee on Foreign Affairs, the language used by .
t><e gentleman was not authorized by the fact ]
The gentleman stated that Mr. C. was made chair- i
maa by his own vote, surely he could not have I
meant that Mr. C. voted for himself, because he |
must have been aware of the contraiy, and was
made aware of it at the time when he first made
the statement                                                          ,
With legaid to pirty, Mr C. could assure the ¡
gentleman ñora Massachusetts, and eveiy other
member of the House, that he had not the slight-
est desire to make this a parly question, and ne
trusted it never would be so made He would
also further assure the House, that whether they
should adopt one or all the resolutions, or proposed
any modification, which he deemed compatible
with the dignity, the honor, and the interests of
the country, he would most willingly and cheer-
fully join with them. He hoped to see^one senti-
ment perv
for the con
pervade all u«,.,~     ----------       ,     •   ,    „     .
the papers from the North and fiom the South
noi was it confined to Administration presses, but
the papera of all paities seemed inspired with one
sentiment. Again Mr C disclaimed the insin
uation that had been thiown out that be was
actuated bv considerations of party.
Mr  COULTER said that this debate seemed
likely to be wandeung somewhat unpropitiously
thirds
Mr COULTER 3aid they would approach the
subject with more calmness in the morning, and
he made the motion he intimated above
The subject was further discussed by Messrs.
MERCER, BURGES,BR!GGS,BE4,RDSLEY,
PINCKNEY, HUBBARD, MARSHALL. Mc-
KENNAN,STEWART,I a ADAMS,GREN-
NEL,COULTER, ARCHER,and WHITTLE-
SEY-
Mr. BEARDSLEY moved to strike out that
part of the motion to commit.   Negatived—yeas
110, nays 111
Mr. LYTLE moved to reconsidei the vote. l_,ost
—yeas 111, nays 1Í3
The question on Mr Cooltfp s motion was
further discussed by Messrs CLAY, E EVER-
ETT, REED, and SPEIGHT, and it was adopted
—ye&s 116, nays 107
ORDKRS OF THE DAY.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the
day, and acted upon avanety of bills, a full report
of which will appear m our next, and the House
was still in session when our paper went to press
The queetiun was then taken on the amend-
ment offered by Mr Beardsley, and decided in
the negative—yeas 110, nays 111
[This vote was fiist announced to be yeas 1U,
nays 110 But the vote of one member having
been erroneously recorded and an error of another
vote having been discovered, the decision was cor-
rected and declared as above ]
Mr. LYTLE moved to reconsider the vote last
Mr EVANS moved to lay this motion on the
taMr MERCER inquired of the Speaker whether
rvade all parties—a desire to do the beat ,i     «i                        ,     the motlon t0 reconsider on
ountiy.    He believed that sentiment did      e propos            ^necessarily include the reso-
al.paíues     He saw itthere, he«- '"J,  *« f^.t.          .   .       ,      __.
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr  EVANS withdrew hie motion
Mr' BEARDSLEY demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider which were
ordered, and were—yeas 111, nays 113
So the House .efused to reconsider the vote.
Mr CLAY was not prepared to adopt the reso-
luuon'offered by thegentleman¡fromPennsylvania
from that kind of dellbeiation which ought to ore-       '   « « ;/,"'^would be product.,, of no
cede a discussion upon so momentous a question  I [Mr. Collt -¡                   ^^     u        |d be
as that now subrai ted for consideration    He was    good at   his pe        ^ ^^ ^^ wouW
eislative tnancnes ot i™ "™"l7  ,------■-------;
whose movements might prejudice the peace and
prosperity of fou.teen millions of human beings
They were, unfortunately, so situated, that every
step they took might, by exasperating pude and
Btirnno- up the human passions, be raising up
obstacTes between friends, where no obstacles
ought to exist. Every step they took might have
apiejudiual and most unfortunate bearing upon
tinns of the committee-----------
and adopted or rejected     As the report and reso-
fut.ons would come up '"the morning as thefirst
> unfinished business, (as he was informed by the
Chair, m answer to an inquiry ,)he would move
I to lav the resolution upon the table.
I     Mr E. EVERETT rose to a question of order.
1 He inquired whether, if the resolution be laid on
the table, it would not require a vote of the House
to take up the report and resolution?
After some suggestions by Mr MERCER, the
CHAIR made an affiimative response to the in-
quiry propounded by Mr. Eíerltt.
Mr. CLAY rose to withdraw his motion. He
was not aware of its effect upon the report of the
committee H e hoped the other resolutions offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coul-
ter] would not be adopted. Every member who
had the experience of one or two years in this
House, must be aware if this subject was eent to
a Committee of trie Whole, and was thus placed
beyond the control of the House, it would lead to
an interminable debate He was not opposed to
a full investigation of the question, but he could
not consent, at this late period, to send it to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. REED appealed to the experience of mem-
beis, if a single instance could be found where a
question of 30 much importance was not sent to a
Committee of the Whole. This was a question of
vast importance, and he was surprised that gen-
tlemen,in order to gettime to act on a little private
business, should be willing to dispense with the
investigation of a subject of such grave import,
and which may or may not result in war. A bill
involving the trifling sum of one hundred dollars,
could not be passed, under the rules, without first
going to a Committee of the Whole. Why, then,
should a motion so important as the present be
resisted' It was a question which, it had been
correctly said, should be examined and reex-
amined.
Mr. SPEIGHT desired "to refresh the memory
ofthegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi. Reed,]
who he believed to be a very honest man When
on a former occasion a motion had been made to
commit the force bill, that gentleman could best
tell whether he voted for it. Upon another occa-
sion, when he (Mr. S ) moved to commit the bill
rechaitenng the Bank of the United States, the
gentleman could, if he choose, inform the House
whether or not he favored the motion.
Mr. REED said that as to the votes referred to
by the gentleman, they were upon minor subjects
compared with the one before the House
Mr BEARDSLEY moved a call of the House.
Negatived.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution offered by Mr. Coulter, and
decided m the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 107.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr CLAIBORNE moved to take up and con-
sider the resolution reported by the Commutes of
Elections, relative to the contested election in Ken-
U<Mr.' HUBBARD called for the orders of the
day.
of motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the rule setting
apart this day for the consideration of prirate bills
was suspened—yeas 122, nays 37.
Mr GILMER moved to suspend all the orders
of the day for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the joint resolutions m relation to
an amendment of the Constitution upon the sub-
ject of electing a President and Vice President of
the United States
The motion was negatived—yeas 99, nays 104.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications-
A litter from the Postmaster General, covering
a statement of the net amount of postages received
m each State and Territory for the year 1834;
whfch, on motion o'f Mr. CONNOR, was laid on
tie table, and five thousand extra copies ordered
t0 Abetter film the Postmaster General, transmit-
tmg a statement of the contracts entered into by
trJdepartment for the past year; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed-,
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting aleporfand surveys for railroa s mad,,,jn
nart, between the Mississippi and the Atlantic,
P,',.... i.m „„ the table, and ordered to be
which was laid on the table, and
PUMrdGILMER moved to print two thousand
ext copies of the report, which motion lies over
J one day.
804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
And a letter from ¡he Secretary of fhe Tieasury,
enclosing abbtrac'3 of the amount of official emolu
mepts of the collectors of thecustatn-, which was
laii on the taule, and ordered to be punted
SENATE  BILLS
The following bills fiom the Senate vieie read
snd commuted
An act for the benefit of the Corporations of
Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia,
An act for the relief of Richaid H  Bell,
An act provid ng for an increase of the corps of
engineer , and for other purposes,
An act an honznig the toecre ary of the Tieas
ury to invst the amount of the two per cent
funda for the road leading to the State of Missis
eippi,
An act to renew the mtent of Josenh G ant,
Av> act for the relief of Join Diwedy, an
Indian agent,
An act to regulate the deposite of the public
money, and
An act to authorize the Leavenworth improving
Company to locate a ceitam road through the
public lands
PC\SION  AGENCY ON GRDCN RIVER.
Tne bill frr m this House, establishing a pulsion
sgency south ot Green nvei, in the Sute of K« -
tick),  was  teturned  fiom  the Senate   with an
amendment, stnkng out t proviso íelative to the
1 nat o i t f the said agency   whi h wasfnstcon
curred in by the fj >u*e   I ut subbequentlj , on the
mo ion of Mi     IIAVVC3, the   Eloiibe reconsil
e ed the vote, and lefused toconeui m the emend
ment
BILÍ S  PISSED
The following otila wei cread the thud time and
passed
A bul making nppropuattons for rer am toads,
an I (or etami mtions and sui veys for the ye ir
1835,
A bill for the leltef of the heirs of James Wil-
son, dereised,
A bi I tot tne relief of Sarah H   B  Smith,
A bill to extend a patent to It >beit Eastman for
seven yeaifc,
A bid f )r the relief of the heirs of J cob Smith,
A lull toprovide for cariymg into efleuthe con
\enuon with Spam,
A bill to provide for the construction of a dry
dock for the naval service,
A bill miking appropriations for buoys, hi*!-1
boats, beecons, and monuments,! irtne yeai 18J5
A bill to organise the seveial file companies in
the Distitctol Coin ni to,
A bill to extend the chaiter of the Fire Insm
anee Company ot AleMindua,
A bill furthei to amend an act mooiporatingthe
Ciesnpeake and Ohio Canal Company,
A bill confer itng the Orphan's court ot the county
of Washington, in the District ol Columbia,
A bill making an nppiopnation for the support
of the penitentiary in the District of Columbia,
for 1 he year 183>, and
A bill to provide foi the holding of extra terms
of the ctrcnit court fot the Distuct of Columbia
for the tnal of criminal causes
RIVERS  AND IIARÍOIS.
The bill making additional appiopnations foi
the Delaware breakwater, for certain harbots,and
lemoviiig obsliuttions in and at the m >u h of
certain nveis, for the year IbJo, was read the third
time, and the q le&tion being o i us pas age,
Mi H LVERuTT demanded the yeas and
nays, which weie ordered      *
Mr GARLAND moved a call of the House
Negatived
Ihe bill was then passed—yeas 109, nays G5.
INDIAN ANNUITIES
The bill making appropriations foi Indian an
nuitiesand other similar objects, for the year 3835,
was taken un, the amendments reported by the
CorrrmiUee of the Wl o'e concurreu in, when the
bill was read a third time and parsed
BUSTS OF THE PRESÍDEOS.
Mr   LYTLE made an ineffectual attempt to
take up the joint resolution authorizing Huam
Powers to execute marble busts of the several
Presidents ot the United States
SURVEYOR GENtBAL IN ILLI50IS.
The bill to establish ihe offi e of smveyor gen-
eial within and fur the State of Illinois was taken
up
Mr KiNNARD moved the amendment offered
by him in Committee of the Whole, to establish
a similar office within and for theSnteoflndiana
The amendment was agreed t > without a count,
and the bill was engrossed, read a third itme,ard
passed as amended
SURVEY OP THE PUBLIC LANDS
A  bill  to provide for the survey of the public
lands was read a third time and pas&ed
I     Mr 1NGL moved to postpone the oiders of the
| day for the purpose o' tikingup the till to amend
I the act author zing the State of Te inessee to issue
giants and   perfect ti les  to certjin lands therein
described, and to settle the claims to the vacart
and  mapprnpriated lands within ti e same, passed
'ípril 18 h, 1806, which was negatived without a
count
WRIT OP ERROR TO SUPREME COLRT
A bi'l to authorize wilts ot error to the Supreme
Court of the United States, in cases involving
patent ngnts, was read a thud time
Mes r¡, FOSÍLR and BRIGGS briefly ex
plained the piovibions,and advocated the passage
of the bill
!     Mr  BA 1 CS, in a few wc-ds, assigned his ob
jectioiib to the measuie
Mi   IBOVIA'-j, ot Mai yland, said he was un
expertedly called on to consider this bill, but he
esteemed the piuniple involved m it too important
to avo d its dib ussion, solely because of want of
| pre >aration
1 lie i ill  proposed to grant an appeal to an in
j dividual who felt aggrieved by the decisi n of one
of the circuit courts on a contested natent right
If it was passed,  his  House would   have  disie-
gtided the pi   visionsof the judicia y law of 17b9,
' without good cause in the liw of 1789 an at
tempt had been made to fix a uoundaiy between
ihe jurisdiction ot the seveial courts establtshel
by the United States In some cases ihe decision
oí ihe circuit cruris was final, m others, an inpet I
i was grauteu to the Supieme Court      lu all cuses,
' when theconstitu lonuhtv ofalaw was questioned,
the feupreme ( ourt I id  pri ilicum  oy appeal,
I because he supposed the (tamers of oui ¡ idiciaiy
synem thoti'ht q lesuons ot that chnrac er were
ofsulli lent dignity to nee I all ihe knowledge anil
wisdom of the seven Judg s in the Supreme Court
bench to ievis« in1 deude them finally When
the two bianches of the National Legislature, with
the «notion of tne Cxecu'ive Department, had
passed a law, theie appealed to be no ] íopnety
in peimitting any c >urt, inferioi euhei in numbers
or att iniment to those w 10 presided in the Su
preme Court to adj idge it to be null and void In
other cases, by tie sum m cmtroversy, suitors
weie empowered to abcertiin when and where the
right of appeal was withheld or ginnted If the
amount in controveisy in any case pending upon
the citcuit court, exceeded two thousand dollars,
then either of tne pames had a light to appeal to
the hignest judicial tribunal This bill tatempted
to suspend tne law of Ii89, by which the bound
aries of the juiisdiction of these seveial cour s
were thus es abhshed The constitutionality of
the patent 1 iw, in this case, has not been contl-o
verted, neither is It pietended that the amount in
contiovetsy exceeds two thousand doihrs Why
tnen <honld Congress mteifeie? The House can
not fail to see that this bill must he a pie"ins ir of
i umerous bills of the same character If we le
fuse to peimit the dtcision of oui citcuit court to
be final in the construction of the patent law, then
we must relieve against the decision of the «me
tubunals, where the true constiuctton of ihe tai IF
laws was the natter in issue In fact the Com-
mittee on the Judicial y had before them a petition
from Mr Saichet, of Philadelphia—a peiton well
known for his efficient, persevering opposition to
the tariff of Jts^S, asking from Congress a special
law to enable bun to appeal to the Supreme Court
against the decision of ti e circuit court of Penn
j sylvanis, by which he was compelled to pay duties
to the United States on aiticles which he thought
I weie not liable to pay duties to the Government
Ho\i could the committee, or the House, with pro-
I pnety gran,t an appeal in 'his case and withhold it
irom Saichet5 hi bis case the amount m contro
vers) di 1 not exceed ten t'lousard dolíais, yet t le
decision there m was a rule of conduct foi all
other pe-sons ltriforting artic'ea of a chaiaeter
such as 1 e had unreduced into tne country, and
theieby thousands of persons and tens of thou
' sands of propety mignt and p ssibiy would be
aifected He had been opposed to a special law
f_>r the old patriotic blacksmith, and he was, for
thebe reasons, opposed to inteifering in those
. cases where the numbeis of parties alone gave
consequence to th s petition The member from
Mas achusetts [Mr Briggs] might be foiced fiom
the straight line by the clamois of unreasonable
constituents, but he would not, and he hoped the
House would not be driven fiom safe mooiings
by any su^h impulses He was for a general rule
I apphcal le to all, and if the House thought proper
to revise tl e judiciaiy 'aw of '89, he was willing
to ii quire mt> the expediency of providing that
appeJs should be granted from the decisions ot
the circuit com t in cases where the amount in con-
| tioveisy was less than two thousand dolíais But,
until thegei eral law was changed, he was disposed
to enfoice it against all parties, unless some very
gnevous inconvenience had been bl own to exist
In this case he saw no gieat hardship The
party petitioning had enjoyed the benefit of a trial
. by a jury of his own neighbors, and the piivilege
ot a hearing before two tilented and enlightened
judges of his vicinage, in a contest with a stranger
to both tubunals, and he d d not think there was
much cause to con. pi un
Mr VV1SC moved to lay the bill on the table,
which was decided in the affirmative—yeas G3,
nays 61
AMENDMENTS TO THE  CONSTITUTION.
Ihe House next proceeded to consider   h* res-
olutions submitted by Mr  GILMCR, relative to
amendments to  the Constitution of  the United
S ates
I Mr GHOLSON remarked, that to avoid dis-
cussion at this late houi of the session, he was
induced to withdraw the amendment heretofoie
offeied by him
The qtiestion then lecuinngon the passage of
the hrst íesolution, Mi GiLViER asked for the
yeas and nays
They were ordered
Mr GO Í.HAM, after some renaiks m opposi-
tion to the proposed amendments, and on the in
adequacy of the time remaining of the session to
give them that deliberation which then great im-
portance demanded, moved to lay the whole sub
jec on the table, and, on tnis question, he asked
the yeas ard nays, which were ordered
M PAT LO^J moved a call of the House, 1 u1
before the question was taken,
Mi LEWIS moved that the House adjourn,
and asked foi the yeas and nays, which were
oidered , an 1 the questicn wa3 decided in the nega-
I   live—yeas 38   nays 13b
Mr  PAT [ON then withdiew the motion for a
i  call of the House
It was lenewed byMr GILLET, but not sus-
tained by the House
I Tne question was then taken on laying the res-
olutions on the table, oy yeas and nays, and de-
I  ctded in the negative—veas 40, nays 137
'      Mr  MANN, of New "iork, remarked that, as
I  it was underbtood the Senate had adjourned, but
j   little good  oi Id  be attained   by continuing  tne
I   Hiu&e in session at tin  late hour, it being now
I   se\en o'clock     He moved the House adjourn
The question was then taken" by tellers, and de-
,  culed in the negative—yeas 62, nays 89
I      So the House lefused to adj ¡urn
■      Mr   EVCRCTT, of Vermont, after some re-
I   maik8, moved the previous question
Ihe motion was not sustained by the House
H Mi VANDLRPOCL moved an amendment,
and called foi the yeas and nays, which were or-
deied and taken, when there appeared, yeas 59,
I   nays 112
Mr PLUMMER said, upon a proposition of
so much magnitude as that of changing theoiganic
law of the lahd, he considered tne origin, progress,
and history of governments a legitimate subject of
inquiry, and in order toa correct undeistanding
of the foundation upon which our complex system
of government was predicated, he consideied it
1835.
™EJCONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
necessary, as on all questions of government and
rights, occasionally to recur to first principles. It
was by tracing things to their source that they
le.it ned to understand them.
" In the beginning God created the heaven and
' the earth
"And God said let the waters under thehea-
« ven be gathered together unto one place, and let
" the dry land appear, and it was so."
Mr. P. was here called to order by several
voices.
The CHAIR remarked, that hehad not yet dis-
covered what application the gentleman intended
to make of the quotations he had commenced with,
and could not, therefore, determine whether they
were applicable to the subject before the House.
Mr PLUMMER proceeded He regretted that
his remarks should be deemed to be out of order.
He considered the subject of the greatest impor-
tance, affecting that organic law placed in our
hands by the fathers of the country, who pledged
in its support their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor. If this was two serious a subject
on which to make Scripture quotations, he would
like to know where they should be applied He
had believed it to strike at the foundations of Gov-
ernment, and therefore found it necessary to ap-
peal to first principles. In that belief, he would
proceed     " And God said let us make man."
Mr. WISE rose to a question of order. Itwas
part of a systematic attempt in the House to kill
these resolutions, to speak them to death. The
point of order which he made was grounded on
the irrelevance and profanity of the words uttered
Mr EVANS said he had called the gentleman
to order on the ground that his remarks did not
apply to the subject under consideration.
Mr. PLUMMER took his seat, and the Speak-
er decided that he was not in order; and accord-
ing to the rules he could not be permitted to pro-
ceed in his speech without leave of the House.
Mr PLUMMER asked leave to explain.
The SPEAKER refused to permit him.
Mr PLUMMER claimed the privilege to ex-
p'am as a. matter of right under the rules of the
House
The SPEAKER denied the right, without leave
of the House.
Aftei some conversation, the CHAfR put the
question, "Shall the gentleman from Mississippi
be permitted to proceed with his remarks>" It was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 135, nays 35                                            ¡
Mr PLUMMER then rose and said, antici-'
patmg that the question to amend the Constitution
of the United States would come up for consid-
eration and discussion before the adjournment of
the House, he had prepared himself according to
the best of his skill and abilities on the subject
He had followed an example set him by more
experienced debators than himself, and prepared
his speech beforehand, which h'a lay before him
on his desk It might not contain as many class-
ical allusions and poetical quotations as the gen-
tleman from Vugiiua [Mr Wise] was m the
habit of weav in? into his speeches, but he thought
that it would be equally intelligible to the people
Although it did not become him to speak in Us
praise, he flattered himself that it would be worth
pulhshing m pamphlet form, and in circulating
among his constituents, and in fact, that it would
be, when in punt, what might be called a pretty
good speech He referred to the origin of man,
and the first formation of Government as regis-
tered in that Book where the first written laws for
the government of mankind are to be found on
recmd, for the purpose of demonstrating to the
House (lie principles he was about to assume in
relation to the question under consideration The
charge of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
Wisi,] (hat he was speaking against time,was
nottue I he intimation of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr Wisl.J that he wts acting under
'he influence of a party, or any individual on that
fl'or sive himself, wis unfounded and untrue
He w(V3 nuapable of being actuated by any such
motives, and he bid >etto learn that a quotation
from that gteatcst and bet.t of Books, in debate,
WJ'(ii'ol oidei.ot couM by possibility be con-
stuied info profanity If theie was any grave
auction, upon the di¡>cu.JHioii of which a quota
305
tion might with propriety be made from the Bible,
he thought it was that which proposed to amend
that sacred instrument, the Constitution of the
United States, handed down to us by the patriots
of the Revolution, and for the establishment of
which our fathers expended their money, perilled
their lives, and shed their blood.    He was highly
gratified at the overwhelming vote by which he
had been sustained by the House in opposition to
the decision of the Chair, and the prompt and
indignant manner that the members had frowned
on the attempt to stifle debate on a question of
great national importance.involvingthe rights and
liberties of the American people     His remarks
were not irrelevant, they were not impertinent;
they were not profane, as the House had correctly
decided, nor was it his intention to violate the
rules of order or decorum.    He intended, in the
1 course of his remarks, to have adverted to the
leading principles advocated by that party, (the
i working men,) whose cause he espoused, which
| he could have done, and made an  appropriate
j application to the question of amending the Con-
I stitution, and it was true that he was anxious to
i be heard; but he could get the substance of his
! intended remarks before the public in the form of
a circular, which would answer his purpose   He
proposed, therefore,as a return for the high com-
| phment paid him by the House, to yield the floor
i to the learned and distinguished gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr Wise,] who was capable of making
[ a much greater display and flourish on that flooi
than himself, or to any other gentleman who chose
i to occupy it.    [There was a general call through-
out the  House for Mr. P. to proceed, but he
| yielded the floor ]
I Mr. EVANS then addressed the House. He
1 had felt a strong repugnance to claim their atten-
' Hon, notwithstanding the importance of the sub-
ject, in consequence of the short time íemaining
I of the session He was aveise to changes in the
Constitution, and the resolutions he deemed objec-
tionable There was but one which he could feel
disposed to countenance, and that was the prop-
osition to restrict the presidential term to six
years There was a generally pervading senti-
ment among the people of this country in favor
of that project, and he might be induced to yield
to it his assent, though he did not esteem it of
essential importance. He was utteily opposed to
all the remainder. First, they recognised the
plurality system of elections, while various States
adhered to the majority mode, and held the other
most unsafe and impolitic It would be deemed
extremely unjust in the latter to ask or compel
the former to abandon their views, and adopt the
majority system. Again, they abolished the,dis-
trict system, which would destroy the influence
and powei of the smaller States A majority of
one vote, in the largest State, might contiol all of
her forty electors, and cause them to be thrown
for an individual. Had the last election been con
ducted on the distuct system, it would have been
seen to have been a much more closely contested
one than it had been supposed to be M" E
said, if this resolution was so modified as to give
prevalence to the distuct system of electing, he
did not know but he might be induced to go for
it. The third resolution he considered decidedly
the best of the three, though even for this he could
see no urgent necessity. He had been anxious
to have these resolutions calmly deliberated upon
by the House, and had thrown no obstacles in
the way of their discussion . If he could not vote
for them himself, he would not bar the opinions
of others. It would require two-thuds of the
House to sanction them, and in their custody he
believed they could safely be reposed
Mr. BOULDIN said, that considering the im-
mense amount of business before the House, and
the shoit time for calm rtflection on such an im-
portant uyic, he should feel impelled to vote
against all three of the resolutions But in doing
so, he wished it to be distinctly undeistood that
he expressed no ojiimon on their merits or expe-
diency
Mr IIANNEGAN moved that the House ad-
journ The question was tiken by yeas and nays,
?nd can led—yeas 96, niys 71
Si, at half past e.ght o clock, the House ad-
journed
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 28, 1835
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting a communication
from the General Post Office in regard to the
number of clerks there employed.
Mr. WEBSTER said, as the Committee on
Finance were about to report to the Senate the
general appropriation bill for defraying the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the yeai 1835, and as in the army appropriation
bill the usual sum for the support of the Military
Academy at West Point had been omitted, under
the expectation that a special act would come up
from the other House on that subject, and as
nothing of that kind had yet appeareed, he was
instructed by the committee to ask the instruc-
tions of the Senate to insert the usual sum in the
general appropriation bill, which was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS OF HON. BEDFORD BROWN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the credentials of the Hon Bedford Brown,
a Senator elect from the State of North Carolina
for six years from and after the third of March
next.
EXPLANATIONS.
Mr EWING said- Shortly after the report of
the Committee on the Post 0<fice and Post Roads
was presented to the Senate, an address of O. B
Brown appealed in the Globe, and has sirce been
copied into most of the other papers in the city,
containing some charges of grave import against
the committee. As to his statements, which do
not touch the general course pursued by the com-
mittee, I shall not notice them His testimony,
and that of the witnesses who speak of his con-
duct as a public officei, are published with the
report, and all who desire it, can satisfy them-
selves on those subjects There are, however,
two of his statements as to the course adopted by
the committee in the examination, which I think
it proper here to notice
He says, that he was " denied by the committee
' the privilege of being heard in His own defence,
'or even of being informed of an accusation
'against him, before he learned it from the re-
' port "
Now, sir, on this subject I can only say, that it
was the opinion of the committee that all persons
implicated   by the evidence which   they took,
should have information of all that was alleged
against them, and that they should be hemd and
allowed to produce evidence in their own justifi-
cation     The mode of communicating this in-
formation was a subject of frequent discussion
between some of the members of the committee,
and it was at last settled that the chairman should
exercise his own sound judgment and discretion
i in giving this information    This was not by any
I formal order, but precisely in the way in which
. the chairman thought he ought to be authorized
I to communicate to any and each of the officers,
and each individua! implicated, all the information
1 that might be necessary to give them a full oppor-
tunity for explanation     I never inquired of him
what information he saw fit to give any one under
' this authority, but Mr   Brown was called and
permitted to testify in  exculpation of his own
conduct, and of the course of the  department,
| on every subject on which the chairman thought
¡ proper to call him     The volume of his testimony
which accompanies the report will show this fully,
especiallv when it is known that he never was
called, except by the request of the chairman, fo
explain some transaction in which he or the de-
i partment seemed to be implicated
|     The second allegation  which  I have thought
necessary to notice, is as follows. " When under
' oath before the committee, I was not advised of 
' any points on which I was to be examined, nor
' the object of any inquiry made, and after an-
I 'swermg- all the questions which any member of
i'the committee thought proper to  propound, I
' was not permitted to hear the testimony read
i' ovpr, to know whethei it was taken down cor
' rectly, oi  to correct any erroneous, impression
| ' which it might be calculated to make "
The latter clause of this statement is who'.'y
lontrary to  the fact    Tne chairman conducted
this part of the hi siness of the com'iiiitae, nrd I
' obseivetl that he fiequently, though not always,
306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
asked the witnesses to read, or hear read, their
testim ny before it was signed He generally
did so, it the statement was long or complicated
The question was, 1 oelteve, always written down
and lead to the witness, befoie he answeied, and
the answer was always read over to the witness
at.er it was written, before it was passed by, and
1 know there was no case in which a witness was
refused permission to read, or to hear read, his
deposition before he signed it.
1 wish the chanman to say what he understands
to have been the course puisued by the committee
on these subjects.
Mi. GRUNDY remarked that he would state
all he íeeollected upon the two points refeircd to
by the Senator fiom Ono,[Mi Ewing,] and I
can make myself bettei understood by noticing,
in the first place, the. point last named
As chairman of the committee, the form of pro-
ceedings seemed to devolve on me. 1, of course,
when a difficulty presented itself, consulted the
other members.
Tne practice in relation to the examination of a
witness was this- When he presented himself, he
wa& sworn. A question was then put to him by a
member of the commutee Í immediately stated
to the witness that lie was not then to answer, but
might consider what his answer should be, until
the clerk wiote down the question and re d it to
him Aftei the question was wntten and lead by
the cleik, the witness ga\e his answer, which was
wntten down, and read to the witness and the
committee. Afier the testimony of a witness was
gone ihiough, I stated to the witness, that li he
was satisfied with hi"  evidence as lead to him, he
could then sign bis deposition, and if he d d not
feel satisfied, he could have it read to him by the
cleik, or read it himself In some tew instances,
where i was not sure that the answers of the
witness, as wntten, conieyed Ins true meaning, Í
named to the witness that he had belter take the
deposition and lead it over hunsell before he
signed it, and this was sometimes done.
I his practice, as I have stated it, was generally
puisued, and Hiave no lecollec ion of a Uepaituie
from it, in the case of Mr Biovvn. Ot one thing
1 am confident. No witness was ever refused
an opportunity of reading his testimony, if he
requested it
21 As to the opportunity afoided to persons
implicated or affected by testimony taken by the
committee, this was, to my mind, a veiy delicate
«subject To pi event the pioceedings ot the com-
mittee Horn assuming the coaiacter of a trial,
raiher than an inquny,and at the same lime to
piocuie theintioduction of tesuiuony which might
pki' e ttansictions upon then Hue giound, was a
(j.ib|« t of freq lent convcisations among the mem
bers At last it seemed to be undeistood that 1
might aci upon th it sul ject accoidmg to my own
di (.tetion, taking cm e that no impiopei use should
be made ot any communication 1 might make for
the puipo8_ of obtaining the objetts in view
Under the authority cotifeutd on me, 1 did not
feel willing to disclose whatany paitieulai witness
had sworn, but stated, for instance, to Mi Ilee-
stde that the oidfr of the Postmaster General was
to < in y a daily mail from Bedfoid to Washington,
in Pennsylvania, that the department had so paid
for it, that [he proofs taken did not show a | ei-
formance on his part, and if he would name any
witnesses who could establish his perfoi manre,
they should be summoned. And in this way
witnesses were brought foiward and examined
upon seveial cases investigated by the committee
As to Mi Crown's tiansactions with Mr Por
tei, he did intimate a wish to know what had been
sworn by Mr Poriei I stated I did not feel at
libeity to tell him, bui staud ihat 1 intended to
call on him as a witness, and hecould tell all about
it My reasons foi not stating to Mi down
what Mi. Porter had sworn, were, fust, that it
would be disclosing the testimony of a particului
witness, and, second, Mr. Poiter and Mi Brown
were the only persons who had a knowledge of
the transactions, and I thought thesuiest way to
arrive at the truth was to let each give his own
account, without knowing what the other had said
I will further add, that I was present at the
examination of e/eiy witness, whose testimony
was taken by the commutee, dining the whole
investigation.
U h
Mr. SOUTHARD remarked that he hpd a per-
fect recollection that the witness íeferred to [Mr
Brown] did, on more than one occasion, read over
the testimony which he liad given, as it was taken
down by the clerk of the committee, and that he
also did, on one or more occasions, decline reading
it because it had been taken down as he wished it,
and had been read to him. If he did not read
every part of it, ltwashis own fault. He was on
no occasion, in my presence, refused permission
to read it.
This witness was never taken by surprise, so as
to be obliged, on any point, to give an answer
hastily. When he had any hesitation, or desired
to look at books or papers, or refer to the officers
of the department, he was permitted to do so, and
frequently had such permission, and availed him-
self of it, sometimes delaying an answer for one or
two days. And it also sometimes happened that
' e was directed by the committee to make exam-
ination of papers and books, when he had not
expressed any desire to do so.
Mr. ROBINSON said, as a member of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
indisposition had prevented him from being pres-
ent during the whole of the investigation. But
upon no occasion, so far as came within his
knowledge, was any witness denied the privilege
of reading ovei his testimony after it was taken
down by the cleik, before the witness signed it,
and well recollects of many v/nnesses so doing.
Mi. CLAYION said he had warned the mem-
bets of the committee not to suiler the opportuni-
ties which the session offered them to pass, without
their unanimous contradiction, on the floor of the
Senate, of a'lsuch aspersions-upon thern.and mis-
repiesentations of their conduct while engaged in
this investigation, as they had just exoosed He
had heretofore had some expenence of the injus-
tice done to those who engage in such investiga-
tions As a membei of this committee dining
the last session, he hid coneuired in the report of
the majority made near the close of that session,
and afier the rejournment of Congress, he hud
been astonished at the number and enormity of
the misrepiesentations of the parly pi ess sustain
ing the depnitment, artaigning the conduct of the
committee But, sn, said he, at the last session a
committee had been appointed by theoi/icr Ilouie,
to kc\ imine the matter we hid inquired of while
the Semite's committee was also directed to pro-
ceed with their investigation; and, though grossly
induced and ulumuiated as the committee was
pending the last elections, by thepaity newspaper
piess, foi what had been done, yet I was content
to beai this abuse at the time, believing that justice
would eventually be done to us by an honest pub-
lic, when the íesultof the examinations of all par
ties should be fauly communicated to that public
Our íeport has been itexamined, and the result
has been, that the different committees have now
camel tl eir condemnation of the conduct and
management of this depaitment, far beyond the
point at which we had armed last yeai, by that
investigation, for which we weie so gtossly calum-
niated by a pouion of the newspaper pi ess What
has been the consequence to tho.>e who made the
last reports' Sir, even the moj irity of the com
niittee in the o'her House, composed as it was
of the polmcil friends of the Executive, had no
sooner presented their íeport, condemning the
outiageous misconduct of the Post Office Depart
ment, than an attempt was made to denounce that
mijouiy, and the tonclusions to which the hon-
orable gentlemen who thus repotted, had amved,
wete also dec' ired to be the i esults of party disci-
pline and paity «pint Yes, sir, thevciymen,
who, it was confidently declared last year, would
expose our mors, have confiimed oui ju Igment,
and though leluc'aotly driven to this íesu't, a
por'ion of the pi ess has denounced them also as
acting meiely from paity motives ' What justice
then have my fiiendson this committee, appointed
by a persecuted Senate? to expect from such
sources ' Sir, I wai n them again that the blood-
hourds of the political kennel, which is maintained
on the spoils of viUoiy, will be let loose on their
trail, the moment they shall leave this city, and
forego for six months longer an opportunity of
exposing every falsehood against them wnich is
no w hatched or undergoing the process of incuba
tiou.    Let them stand on the aleit, and insult to
their associates on the committee, as well as every
other source withm their reach, for a justification
of their course, while they have an opportunity to
do so. The moment the session closes, leave
them poweiless and defenceless, while they pre-
sent a shining maik for the envenomed shafts of
the most rancorous and dangerous of all party
spirit—that party spirit, sir, which contends for
pay.
COMMUNICATION FROM WAR DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the War Department, transmitting a list
of the persons employed in the Indian depart-
ment under the act of 30th June last, for the year
1834 Also, a report of Mr Peatherstonhaugh,
who was charged with making a mineralógica!
and geological survey of the southwestern terri-
tory.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making appro-
priations for certain roads, and examinations, and
surveys for the year 1835.
Mi. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported, without amendmert, the
bill to establish a surveyor general's office in Illi-
nois and Indiana.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill fiom the House for
the erection of a dry-dock for the naval service
Mr 10ML1NSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House
granting pensions to Joseph Mead and William
Lawrence, and reported that the bill granting a
pension to Elizabeth Swain, and to, restore to
certain invalid pensionéis the amount of pensions
by them relinquished, ought not to pass
j Mi. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill making an ap-
propriation foi the support of the penitentiary <f
the District.
Also, the bill to extend the charter of the Fire
I Insurance Company of Alexanilna;
!     Also, a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Wilson,
Ann C  Wilson, and Malinda A  Campbell,
|     Also, a bill to organize the several fire compa-
nies in the District, and
Also, a bill concerning theOrphans' court of the
county of Washington
1     Mr   BLACK^ from ihe Committee on Private
Land Claim's, reported unfavorably upon the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Jacob Smith
He also reported a bill tor the relief of the heirs
of Wilham P Hard
Mr LEIGH, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported a bi'l to extend the patent of Robert East-
man.
Mr SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Claims,
reported the bill from the House for the relief of
Sarah II  B Stith
Mr SOUTHARD, from the Naval Committee,
leported the bill from the House for the relief of
Elizabeth Mays, without amendment.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mi WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill from tne House making
appropriations foi the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1835, with
sundry amendments
Mr. WEBSTER moved to take up the bill and
agree to those amendments, to which he supposed
there could be no objection, and leave otheis pro-
posed by the committee, which were to stuke out
certain diplomatic appropriations, which might
give rise to discussion, until progress had been
made in its engrossment
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and the amendments reported by
the committee were severally agreed to.
Mi CLAY, by instruction of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, offered an amendment ap-
propnating $1,300 to pay John Randolph Clay,
United States charge to Prussia, the amount found
to be due him upon a reinvestigation of his ac-
counts. Also, £5,015 62 to Nathaniel Niles, late
chaigc to Trance, being an amount found to be
due him on the settlement of his accounts The
amendment was agreed to, and the bill was then
laid on the table.
is:tr>.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
ILbLlC PP1MLR
"' r p ' ■">! <JN mo p 1 ilia* the S nsteproceed
ty 'ip ''l-'i * oí it pttuUr, on the pait of the
oil   If   •   i <• ie  lextivju ress
\u tL'tV' d tie li d made pome opposition
t J 0 tc-u >n on u filmier occisión, in the ex[ ect
at >n ti at iba House M)j)á, by tins time, have
rt js-n tiietr f rin er A, trev had not done so,
he mw waived any further objection to the pro
celling
Mi BPN PO>i sail, he intended to move co
U l) oiau-i/y-ly fen the orisideiation of his joint
re omu >n to it| eal int. j mu icsolnion of KI9
Mi PuliMJLXILit hoped the Senate would
not^o'j tre consideration oí ti e joint resolution,
lie was feai ful o   unte ho-ir e¡ eerhes
¡Mr LivhslO^i et[ reostd his disposition to
p^cotru odat" the gt-ni «man from Mi3souii,but
the rtis lution foi t'-- u s. >x ¡rnifr ttasufu-red
t\ o wee £b  igo,and if the aw wtis to be compiled
\ th, tleie v as i o fi tei oi ji on for it than tne
preveo* 1'-, tneiefoiC, [ er^ibted M hu motion,
upviii wl i^ i
Mr WHIG HT de^it nded <he jeaa and nays,
w nJi v eie ordtied
íúr JjCiMiON SfiJ he had been qiite unfortu
n"te Or t«o session-, past in h.s enueavois to get
ut> hisj j i • rtt. ilution L-st session lie laded in
g tt i g it ur, and lie was no mote uccesstul at
th -s lot vvnei h* i/itrodjced t, and it vas r<¡
fei-ed to acjnrmt ee, they íepor cd it back ag w,
°a^ifi^ tl cre\ us   oc a ion to act upon it Mr
\j odi i, bei i i the nmori y as he was here, and
hi/  u         ice everted htmseif to gets de-ision fiom
the nQj nvo t ie q ¡estií n nc lepealwg the j in t
f" o lor rr 1^)1 ¡e now ga e notice ¡hut, we
bed no right o n-o into this e ect on that all pro
cell pi i ndei that statute are as a dead i l er,
and th  t vlsi-\ei we do wuh regard to the choice
of p >i' titer for the n(\l Semte, he considered as
null ind m d,oid th t t would bet I e d tty of the
next bei ate, unie s they we'e disposed to acqui-
es e i uie c soice, to dis e^a^d the election, and
hi e lh°ir f>" n mjdnne s the i shoi! think proper
he thou I t The course |iir\ued m 1H19 for th 
purpose of h"*v,ne th.- punting done, was not the
most adt-in ^Oeojs frr ihe cfin ly We nave
i ad ¡atiei able proofs «inoeof wh^t It has cost us,
j.e nps not less than ¿130,000 at the Ian session,
and the tngenu ty f printer has been put to its u -
most s retín to fi d out old objects foi employment
upon, the effect of which i  to sustain party pies'ts
during a long \a-"tion in this, end in thisonlj ,the
elec lot of ¡io intecanswe s ig odnurpose Gen
tlemen I a\ena 'e,an laretlatly making.comphints
of abuses in other uianches of tne ü ivernment,
when wehiienooccpswntogootitoft ut own bod y
tose-rch foi them Tney exceed * ere ill he other
branche" of the Government \ tit toge 1 ei, inciiid
mtr the Post Office When hr„e obj cs come
forward v th propos tions to print, and inquines
aren ide as to their utility and ex¡ en e snmegen
tlemen ai e aliru'Vo furnished with an answei, thit
it is, to be do le in so in >ny d iv-, and at such a
pi ice, and when it is paid foi, ltsomettines p mounts
to oik, two three, and four times as much He
uisned the Secretaiy would say wnat was the
nnoantof the i ew apnroprtatton tor the printing
oi the Sen-te hi the b II which had just been up,
and whe ' er for specie or general objects
Mr HlLLob«eued that there was more than
os e  tern
I lie Secretary read the amendment in the Ul1—
M-  Er\TOV resumed     He behead we ron
tended here, the other da), most manfully, from
th" morning: till the t*tar% appeared in the evenm ,
malting head ngiinst an appropriation of some
filteen tin tispm] dcllars for the establishment of
bran li n ints     We fou?ht manfully against an
ap¡ ropna ion win h is mtimsvely coiinected with
the currency of the country, in which the people
ha^e ti duect m'ciest     But! eie appropriations of
thirty or forty thousand dollatsate made forprmt
ing, vi h scairely an infinity into the amount
Aid where ate those books for which these enor
mots expemlttuies ire made? Piled up in your
ante loom aguist the wall     loo numerous to
remove, ind  like theV icar of WaVefield'spictuie,
too large to be got up theiethey liepiierlupss-uno'
the wall     If we must go on in tht¡> way, it will be
necessary after a while to build an additional win 
to the Opitol to hoid them These great abuses
have their root and their oiigin in the appointment
of these public prirte-s, who aie indefatigable in
their exertions to find out fat j jbt. for thémseUes
for the vacation, and there can be no sort of doubt
that if this could have Leen foie^een by those who
pacsed the jont resolution iu 1819, the pioposi
tion would not h-tve received the si^htes' coun-
tenance The committee of 1819 thought the
expenditure then was large, and mtro luced that
josnt resolution as an experim-^t only, m the
hope of cut recti ig it \V hat would be the aston-
ishment of the suivivors of that committee, to see
an experditure of one hundied and lorty or one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year founded
on thstr act' Iheti astonishment would be excea
sive that we had not got rid of an experiment
which had worked so contrary to their views and
t íe pe petuity which has attended it The House
has thus, far declined acting on their resolution,
and if that body hasde idea that to elect a printer
now, would be an encroachment upon the rights
of the m-xt House, pught this blanch to act in
contradiction to themJ Ought we not to postpone
that, which is in itse'f an evil, when so good an
exaiq le has been given us? Ihe next Senate is
competent to provide its own printer, and we can
leave the ¡secietary of the Senate, in the mean
tn ie, to have tne printing done by jobs Mr B
consideied tl e eleCv on now, as i ull and void, and
he wished his vo ce to go for..h against i'—that
he titxt Senate v ere no more bound to receive a
prmtei imposed upor them by us, than they were
to receive the ink, s ationery, or \«,ood, that we
might prov de them and although they might ac-
quiesce in recfivipg it, jet, if they did not like it,
thiy might reject the whole of it So \ nh regard
to a pi inter It weshmld electa man who might
be disagreeable to them, tl ey might say they
voulu have no printer, or they vt uld have their
pttnung done oi contract of the Secretary, byjob
Alth ugh the feenate is a permanent body, yet the
persons employed by it are not so Mr B said
he, tor one, ttuul 1 i ot sibtmt to the imposition
and if a disj0teeajieman should b  imposed upon
him by men who wcie just lea\mg then seats,
eveiy tfort should be made to rout him fiom his
place Aye to tout him fiom his place, and if that
d ii iotsa<- eet!, he would n y to prevent his obtain-
ing enormous jobb, and he now gave roticeof that
intention, so t ¡at no blame or cei sure could attach
to tha  body
Mr PRLsTON said that when the joint i eso
mtion of the honorable gentleman was ieferred to
tne Judtciaiy Commit ee, his a tention was turned
to the history of the print ng of Congress, and he
found that in 1819 a jiint resol it on was passt-d,
regulating j ermanet  Ij   the mode of getting the
printing of the two Houses executed,so fai as the
prices  were the subject of regulation,  and  the
practice his been to tlect by ballot ever since
VVht'evei doubt there mry 1 e as to the interpreta-
tion of the lesolution of 1810, tiere can be none
as to that of 1829, because ¡t «enacted that of
1819, and required the printing to be done by a
printer \ ho was to be elected  by ballot     1 he
practice, men, was of four een ) ears' standing, and
it was sustatneJ by a joint resolution of the two
Houses     The gentleman from Missouri says that
this Senate has nonjli  to impose a printer on the
lieu Senate but in 1829 tVie honnrible gentleman
sustttned the principle of imposing a prmtei on the
te\t session, am> now for thefiist time, is this
practice pronounced illegal, at d discourteous to
that body     The honorable gentleman says, too,
a at great abn-es exist here which aie i ot ex  ,
ceeded (\en in the Post Office    Gieat abuses no '
doubt exist in every department of the Govern
ment     But if the whole sum for punting here
we-e wasted and thrown away, it could not be
compared to the abuses in the Post Office     But [
th'e met ease in the whole expenditure of the Gov
ernment is in the same ratio as the increase here
In 1S19 it was from fifteen to twenty thousand
dollars    Now strike out the printing of these land j
ofike documents, and it is not double that of 1829
!n other brand es, the printing has mcteased m
the a me i atio     But the Senate is in opposition to
the Pies dent and House of Representatives, and
it is nece-sary to appeal to our common masters,
and aie we, tnen, to retrench hele, and give up
1 the whole field of public opinion to them to Op.
erate in > The Preoid-nt- and the House of Rep-
resentatives each incur greater expenses for print-
ing than we do We are bound to send informa
tion of our doings to those who sent us here, it is
extremely necessary The press is used for tlie
pupose of sending abroad etpmle information, and
we are bound to counteract such proceedings He
was disposed to correct abuses here as much as any
gentleman, and would be glad to see the public
printing done independently of the public press of
the country, and would gladly go for a public
printing press, if it was practicable The honor-
able gentleman's objection to electing a printer
has a two fold effect First, that the printer
sohc.ts useless jobs, and second, that the Senate
grants them, and that these abuses are the neees
sary consequences of electing a printer If this
be so he wes willing to reform the evil He woold
not vote for any measure, but upon a conscientious
conviction that the public welfare required it He
was v llhng to reform at home first, and to begin
upon hts own fnerds too But if gentlemen are
willing to reform he^e, let them go to reform the
1 executive printing, let them begin at the Wrote
House, and he would be very glad to see the honor-
I able gentleman S talents m saving the money of the
i country employed in that quarter It is proper,
therefore, to proceed to this election now—the pres-
ent printer has a large and expensive establish-
ment—he has a large capita) employed, and if he
is not to b° the printer, he ought to know it But
whether he is elected or not the successful person
ought to make his arrangements—he did not know
what the result might be, be hoped an individual
of his politics might be chosen, he trusted he
would—but he wished it might be terminated in
some way
Mr BENTON said the plan he would propose
foi having the public punting done hereafter, was
the one he should read [Mr B then read a pas-
sage fiom the import of the committee of 1819, in
favor of the establishment of a national printing
office ] This, he said, is the way the British Par-
liament does its printing, and it is. the best in the
world He said, when up before, that the abuses
of printing in the Senate exceeded that of all the
other depaitments of the Government, the Poe-t
Oífi"e included, and this is to be dated from the
point at which we started In 1819, the total for
the Senate was $8,000, and for the House $15,000
What is it now* He did not know, nor did he
believe any body else knew Por here, in the
general appropriation bill are some «¡120,000 for
arrearages What la the increase of §120,000 be-
yond $8 000? It is not quite 20 to 1, but it is 16
or 17 lo 1 Now.m whatdepaitrnent of the Gov-
ernment will you find an increase of 16 or 17 fold'
Mr B said the honorable gentleman fiom South
Carolina wanted him to try to reform at the White
House, or some of the oiher departments But
how should he succeed there, when all his efforts
here, al'hough aided by the influence of the gen-
tleman, are so unsuccessful' If, with the assist-
ance of those who preach retrenchment here, he
could effect nothing, how could he do it there'
Mr B said he had taken his stand upon the inher-
ent r ght of each House to provide its printing,
fuel, and stationery Here we have ordered a
document to be printed of some 4,000 pages, 3,500
of which have been delivered Now what use can
be made of it? He had not looked into it, and
he had neither seen noi heaid any reference made
to it No extra numbers of it have been struck
off Only a single copy for distribution among
the members And as regarded the documents,
those of the last year, he believed, had never been
distributed yet he never saw his quota, though
perhaps they may have been sent to htm to &t
Lou s And how many of these documents (the
Post Office leports) w ill each member send away'
After sending some fifty or one hundred, the rest
aie an encumbrance on their hands The gentle
man from South Carolina very candidly admitted
that he had another object in view in this move-
ment—that he wished to keep up apaitiean news-
paper Mr B said if he misunderstood the gen-
tleman, he would yield the floor to be corrected
Mr PRESTON said if printing was used else-
where to sustain party presses, he would consider
it but fair to elect i printer on the same ground
He would vote for a printer who corresponded in
308                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED_____________February 28,
politics with himself, while others disavowed the
intent on of making jobs.
Mr BENTON resumed . Good1 The honorable
gentleman would do something here countervail-
=n<* what was done elsewnere He (Mr B.) would
wash foul linen for no party in the world, if cor-
ruption exists among partisan printers, and the
gentleman denounces it, and they are sustained by
corrupt jobs, we will not countenance it. He (Mr.
B ) came here in 1820, and the printing went on
then as it did previously,and, therefore, he did not
inquire into it As regards the argument derived
from the great expenses of the person whom the
gentleman proposed to elect, what is it but an ar-
gument in favor of perpetuity of office' If he has
made his calculations upon the perpetuation of his
party, is that our concern' He was elected for
two years and he has kept it, and it is nat our
affair' If his large establishment bhall be paraded
before us again next year, Mr B said he should
pay no attention whate* ei to it And if gentlemen
will put an officer upon the next Senate, not ac-
ceptable to them, it will be the duty of the next
Senate to vindicate itself It is time for gentlemen
to take warning now
Mr. PRESTON said he could not permit the
honorable gent'eman from Missouri to put him in
a position to defería eithei here or elsewheie what
he did not defend—he knew nothing at all about
this land document. And if jobs have been ina-
pt nperly given, ihe gentleman would not be moie
prompt than he was to c irrect it. Nor did he
s-iy thatcoiruption would beat him out in coirup-
tion Mr P said wherever it existed, he was its
enemy Bit if ihe political com| ltxion of the
bemue be changed, who will gentlemen elect as
then pnntei' A man opposed to the Executive'
JSfo. The gentleman says, each House has ihe
right to appoint its own officers, under the Con-
stitution Certainly it has But it is competent
foi both Housed to fix ceitain pnnci| les by which
sjcn appomimeiiis ¡.hall be legnluted, and that
has been done fur this case He was in favor of
n national punting i fficf But it was useless to
think of it now—there wus not tune 10 matute and
effect such a thing at the piesent session
The question being on pioieeding to the elec-
tion, it was decided in the ufiiimative by the fol-
lowing vo'e.
YC.ls—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
CUy, CUyion, Ewinsc, Fiebnghuysen, GoltNbo-
lou^h, II'!idiiclt ,Iv.cnl, Knight, Lugh, Vlangum,
Mnoie, Npudain, PoinJextet, Pienuss, Pieston,
Uolibins, Silsbei , Smith, Southtud, Swift, Tom
Union, Tylei, Webstei—27
NilVb—VI i as s Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Cu libeit, Giundy, Hill, Kane, King cf Geoigm,
Jjinn, M Keen, Moms, Robinson, Rungles,
fsliepley, lallnnd^e, I iptnn, White, Wi [¿hi—18
1 hi  Vnule then pioceedcd to ballot for pnntei,
when the folio mg was the lesult
G i es & Seaion....................12
Blair.........................2
D IFGuci............................I)
Bl hi \, Rives....................17
Gieei..........................2
No person having received a nujotity~\>f the
wb le i umbei of votes,
Mi   BENTON mowd to postpone the subject
to the fust day oí next session, ai d on thai quts
Hon demanded  the  yeas and  nays, whiih weie
oideiel, and the qiitstion was detei mined in the
ne^^uve by a vote ul—yeas 18 nay   23, is follows
YC \S—Messrs    B-ntor,   Bi iwn,   Buchanan,
Cuitibtii, Giundy, Hill, Kane, K ng of Geoigi i,
Linn,   M<K>an,   Moms,   Robinion,   Ru^gles
fen-pie v, li Mmidge, Tipton, White, Wright—18
NAYS—Messrs    Bell, Bibb, Black, Gilhoun,
Cay,   Cmy'on,   Ewimj,   i i eln ghu/s< ti,  G Ido
boioujh, Hen huks, K ni, Knight, Leigh, Mwi
gum, Vloore, ÍNr> ud in , Poind ex tei, Poitei, Pien-
uss, Pieston. Robbins, Silsbec, Soulhaid, Swift,
Tomunso,!, Tyler, Wa.'eaman, Webster—28
The Senate tnen balloted eignt times success-
ively without effecting a choice. The ballots
weie as fill ins
Mr POINDEXTER then suggested thatit must
be seen by every Senator that we could not elect a
printer row. He would not make a motion, but
he thought we had bettet postpone the matter til!
Morday next.
The Senate then balloted five times successively,
without making a choice. The ballots weie as
follows:
' 10th. 11th. 12 h. 13th   14th.
Gales & Seaton......22     23      20     22     22
Blan & Rives>........17      13        9      16     15
Duff Green..........9       6      17       7       8
Blanks..............0       0        0       0       1
Mrs Royall.........   0       10       0       0
William A. Rind.....0       2       2       12
Mr. WRIGHT then moved that the subject be
indefinitely postponed, and on the question, de-
manded the yeas and nays, which were ordered,
and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Giundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, McKean, Morris, Robinson,
Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, White,
W right—18
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Clay, Clay-
ton, C'uthbeit, Ewine, Frelinghuysen, Goldsbo-
rough, Hendncks, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Man-
gum, Moore, Naudam, Poindexter, Poner, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Robbins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard,
Swift, Tomlinson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster—
29
So the question of postponement was disagreed
to
The Senate then balloted three times moie,
when it appeared that Gales & Seaton received a
majority of the whole number of votes, and they
weie accordingly declared duly elected The bal-
lotmgs weie as follows:
15th. 16th 17th
Gales* Seaton................22     23     27
Blan & Rives..................14     16     14
DuffGteen.....................7       6       3
William A. Rind...............3       2       2
Blank..................-._......1       0       0
Mr BIBB then moved to rescind the joint rule
which piohibits the transmission of bills from one
House to the other, on the same day.
After some opposition from Mr EW1NG and
Mr. WEBSTER, the motion was laid on the
table, upon a division—aves 21, noes 13
On motion of Mr KING, ot Alabama, the Sen-
ate at four o'clock took a recess till half past five

21  31
4'h
5th
Gh
7th
8th
9 h
Gales & Seaton
13   10
1C
17
18
19
20
18
Blair & Rives..
16   H
17
IJ
16
14
J 3
1')
Duff Green...
la   15
13
11
10
11
9
10


Ü
0
0
0
0
0
Mis   Royall  .
. 0    1
1
1
2
1
4
1
EVENING SESSION
The following bills from the House were read
twice, and ordered to be engrossed and lead a
thud time
A bi I to continue in force for one year an act
provid ng for certain invalid soldiers of the revolu-
lioniny war,
A bill foi the relief of John Stilli;
A bill foi the lelief of Heniy Oxford;
A bill authoi i£ing the superintendent of Indian
affurs at fca  Lotus, to employ a clerk,
A bill for the lelief of ihe heirs and legal rep
lesen'atives of Bally C   Clark,
A bill fur the relief of Rirhaid D   Archer,
A I ill authorizing the City Council of St Augus
tine, in PI inda, to widen a stieel,
A bill authorising the Sect etdry of State to issue
letters patent to James Jon°s,
A resolution tineitingngold medal in eommem-
oiation of the battle of the Cuwpens, to be struck
at the Mint of the United States,
A bill amending an act for the constiuction of a
budge acioss ti e Potoina",
A bill authoi ¡zing tht Govei nor of Michigan to
sell cfr'ain lands be'onging to the Univeisity of
lhat Tern'ory
A bill for toe removal oC the land office from
W'pnl ltonella, to Luna, in the Stfte of Ohio,
A bid for the relief of Geoige Duff,
A bill for the rel ef of Robert Abbott, and the
heirs of Jaiies Abbot', deceased,
A bill foi the relief of Men in P Mix,
A bill for the relief of E R. Slmbnck, of the
United States Navy,
A bi'l for the lelief of Matthew C  Peny.
A bill authoi iztng the issuing of letters patent
to Piañas B   Ogder,
A bill for the íelief of Sutton Stevens,
A bill foi the relief of Shubael Conant;
A bill for the íehef of Thomas Hubeit;
A bill for the lelief of William Haskell, and
others,
A bill prescribing the punishment of consuls and
commercial agents,
A bill for the relief of Stephen Smith and others;
A bill for the relief of John Cullins;
A biri for the relief of Amasa A   Tifft;
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds,
A bill for the relief of Isaac Janvier,
A bill for the relief of Simeon Meachum;
A bill to change the time of holding the district
court in the western district of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of David Kmeaid;
A bill for the relief of Theodore Owens;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Aaron Smith,
A bill for theielief of Job Barton;
A bill for the relief of Riddle, Becktel, and
others,        v
A bill to refund certain duties to Richard But-
man, of the schooner Brandy wine;
A bill for the íehef of the legal representatives
of Thomas Clement,
A bill for the relief of John J Avery;
A bill for  he relief of Nathaniel Tyler; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Butler.
REPORTS FROM JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mi. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill from the House author-
izing the district court for the District of Colum-
bia, to hold special sessions for the trial of crimi-
nals;
A bill for ihe removal of the district court from
Natchez, to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi,
was-read a second and third time, and passed.
The above bills were afterwards read a third
time, and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills were read, and laid on the
table-
A bill for the relief of Charles Caldwell;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hunt;
A bill for reviving an act in favoi of the officers
and soldiers of the Virginia line, in the ¡evolu-
tionary war,
A bill for the relief of James Tuttle;
A bill for the relief of Commodoie Isaac Hull;
and
A lull for the relief of Samuel H  Doxey.
The following bills were indefinitely postponed:
A bill for the íehef of Josiah Westlake,
A bill for the relief of JohrrDah!;
A bill for the relief of William Slacum,
A bill foi the relief of David Weaver,
A bill foB-the relief of John Hernck,
A bill for the relief of Job Wood,
A bill foi the relief of James Young   and
A bill for the relief of William O'Neal and
Robert Morris were each read three times and
passed
fac simile op Washington's accounts.
The bill making provisions for printing the fae
simile accounts of General Washington was laid
on the table—15 to 13
ANDREW ARMSTRONG.
The  Committee  on   Naval  Affairs  were dis-
charged  from   the  further consideration  of the
papéis of Andrew Armstrong
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCFD.
The following resolutions were offered:
By Mr BEN TON
liesohed, l'hat the Secretary of State be di-
lected to report a plan with an estimate of the
expense, at the commencement of the next Con
gre'ss, for establishing a punting office and book
bindery at the seat of Government, to do all the
punting for the two Houses of Congress, and for
all the depai tments of the Government, Post Office
included
By Mr SMITH:
Rcsolud, That the Secretary of the Senate be
and is hereby authorized to employ Samuel S Os-
good, of Boston, Massachusetts.to paint a portrait
of Lafayette from the full length in the House
of Repiesentatives, coriespondmg to the one of
| George Washington, by Peale, | rovided that the
' co^tofthe same does not exceed the sum of—;------
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
dollars, to be paid out of the contingent of the
Senate
By Mr WEBSTER
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Senate pre- I
Dare a comparative statement showing the names I
and number of officers, agents, contractors, and I
other persons within the employment of the Got- i
eminent, with the compensation and emoluments |
of each, as published in the Register of the year j
1823 and 1833, and that there be---------number
of copies primed for the use of the Senate
By Mr KING, of Georgia:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate Colonel Long's
Report of his late reconnoissance of a route for a
railroad from Memphis, Tennessee, to Augusta,
Georgia And if it be not sent to the department
during the present session, that it be sent to the
Secretary of the Senate during the recess, and
that it be then printed under his directions for
the use of the Senate with the accompanying maps
if any
Mr BIBB gave notice that he would offer the
following resolution
Resolved, That there be reprinted for the use of
the Senate the usual number of the Journals of
the Senate up to the 4th of March, 1815, and also
so much of the Executive Journal as is made
public, in separate volumes
The Seriate then, at nine o'clock, adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcrbvi, Februmi/28, 1835
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Postmaster General, transmitting a list
of the clerks employed in his department for the
year 1S31, which,                                         *
On mot.on of Mr CONNOR, was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed
SENATE BILLS.
A bill from the Senate to provde for the settle-
ment of the claim of Mary O'Sullivan was read
twice and committed
The following bills from the Senate were read
the third time and passed
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea«
ury to compromise the claims allowed  by the
Commissioners under the treaty with the King of
the Two Sicilies, concluded on the 14-h October,
1832, and
A bill further to extend the time allowed for the
execution of the duties of the Commissioners to
carry into effect the treaty with Prance
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr HAWES, from the Select Cothmittee on
the West Point Academy, asked the consent of
the House to submit a resolution for the printing
of five thousand copies of the report of said com-
mittee
Objection beigg made,
Mr H YWESmo\ed to suspend therule, which
was negatived—yeas 72, nays 98
LEMUEL TANNER.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported, without amend
ment,abill from the Senate for the relief of Lemuel
Tanner, assignee of Pierre Dufresne, which was
read a third time and passed
RAILROAD THROUGH THE PUBLIC I ANDS.
Mr BOON, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported, with an amendment, the bill from
the Senate, authorizing the construction of the
Leavenworth and other railroads through the
public lands
The amendment was agreed to, ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill ordered to be read a third
time
JOHN DOUGHERTY.
Mr GILWFR, from the Committee on Indian
Allans, reported the bill from the Senate for the
elief of John Diugherty, without amendment
The bill was then read a third time and passed
WPIGHTS AND MEASURES.
The motion made yesterday to print three thou-
sand extra copies of the report made by Mr Bin
nfy, from the Sele¡ t Committee on Weights and
Measures, was conwdeied and agreed to
SURVEYS OP RAILROADS.
The motion made yesterday to print two thou
sand extra copies of the report from the War De-
partment, relative to  the surveys of railroads,
made in part, between the Mississippi and the
Atlantic, was taken up
Mr GAMBLE movedto amend the motion by
substituting five thousand for two thousand copies,
which was agreed to, when the proposition was
adopted.
JUDICIAL LIMITS.
Mr. HEATH, on leave, presented the memo
rial of the members of the Baltimore bar, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill which
originated in the Senate, remodeling the judicial
limits of the United States, which was committed
to a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE
Mr CAMBRELENG moved to postpone the
ordeis of the day for the purpose of executing the
special order, which was agreed to
On motion of Mr CAM BRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr Mason, of Vir-
ginia, in the chair )
Mr CAMBRELENGsaidthatitwashisobject
to avoid debate on thi=s question, if we v/ete to have
peace with them, which he sincerely hoped and
expected, the less that was said the better, if war,
the next Congress would have enough to say upon
that great question     As to the fiist resolution he
cared not for the form, provided the substance
could be preserved, and the rights and honor of
the country maintained     He would concur in
any modification which the House might deem
expedient     He should also, to secure unanimity,
disembarrass the question of our relations with
Prance by relieving gentlemen from the miserable '
question concerning the Bank of the United States  j
His sole motive in introducing that sulject was l
to show, not only to this country, but to Prance,
that, if driven into a war, we had the means of
carrying it on without recourse to faxes or loans.
He proposed that the third resolution declaring j
that preparation ought to be made shou'd be laid '
upon the table, as he designed to take a more ef  |
fective course     He should offer an amendment to I
the fortification bill, when returned from the Sen
ate, appropriating one million for the army and Í
two millions for the navy, in case it should be- j
come necessary before the next mee'mg of Con-
giess     This he understood would be all th it was
i squired by the executive branch of the Govern
ment    With these modifications he hoped the
resolutions would meet the approbation of the
House                                                                          |
Mr SPEIGHT called for the reading of the
resolutions presented by the Committee on Por   i
eign Affairs, together with those submitted   by I
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr  Adams ]
The resolutions offered by Mr CAMBRE-
LENG, fiom the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
were then read as follows
" Resolved, That it would be incompatible with
' the rights and honoi of the United States further
' to negotiate ¡n relation to the treaty entere! into
' by Piance on the 4tn of July, 1831, and that
' this House will insist upon l's execution as rati-
' fled by both Governments
" Resohed, That the Committee on Foreign Af
'fairs be discharged fiom the further consideration
1 of so much of the Piesident's message as relates
' to commeiuil restuctions, or to repi sa's on the
' commerce of France                                                 ¡
" Resolved, That pieparation ought to be nade
1 to meet any emergency growing out of our rela-
1 tions with France "
The substitute proposed by Mr JOHN a
ADAMS was tnen also read, as follows
" Resolved, That the rights of the citizens of the
' United Slates to the indemnity fiom the French
< Government, stipulated by the treaty of the 4th
' of July, 1831, ought m no event to be sacnficed,
'abandoned, or impaired by any consent or acqm
' escence of the G n ernment of the United States
2 "That if the President of the United States
' should, during the interval before the next ses-
' sion of Congress, deem it not incom,wtible with
' the honor and interest of the United States to
I ' resume the negotiations with the French Govern*
' ment, he be requested so to do
3 "That no legislative measure of a character
I 'or tendency hostile towards the French nation,
' is necessary or expedient at this time "
Mr ADAMS said he wished the resolutions to
be taken up and considered senatun
The CHAIR [Mr Mason] suggested that the
latter mode would be for the gentleman to with-
draw all but the first resolution for the present
Mr ADAMS said it was a matter of indifference
to him what was the mode, so that action was had
upon each of his resolutions He did not wish to
bring this committee to a determination to vote
enmasse upon the resolutions of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, or upon his
own, and therefore, pursuant to the suggestion
from the Chair, he would move his first resolution
as a substitute for the first resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York
The CHAIR theiefore informed the House the
question would be put in that form
Mr ADAMS wished to state as briefly as he
could the reasons which urged him to present his
own resolutions for adoption in preference to those
reported from the majority of the Committee on
Foreign Relations
He objected to the first resolution, because he
did not think the state of the country, and the
íelations existing between the United States and
France weie such as to make a declaration proper
that no furthei negotiation should take place Ne-
gotiation was the instrument of peace between na
tions, ard it was unanimously acknowledged that
the instant nations said they would no longei ne
gotiate, tlie only alternative, compa'ihle with the
nonor of nations, was war He did not think,
therefore, ihat negotiation ought to be foreclosed,
much less did he think it proper for that House to
declare that there should be no further negot anon
on thesubj'Ct Why, negotiations implied no con-
cession on the part of either House, and for that
reason his resolution was drawn in such a manner
as to declare in the most positive manner on the
part of the House that no concession should be
made upon this sulject [Mr A here quoted his
first resolution ] Here then the ground was tpken
Here was a declaration of peace to the woild, that
in reference to that treaty the United States would
I take nothing less 'han an absolute and complete
fulfilment, as far as was pos* ble in the nature of
things to obtain it     To that determination he for
i one was willing to acquiesce, and he hoped that
■ House was willing to acquiesce And if such a
determination should not be sufficient to effect a
conciliation, and to preserve peace with Frarce,
he was willing also to take the haznid of war
He regarded tl e interest and the honor of the coun
try at stake upon this question, and he wou'd call
upon aenJemen to leflect that the question was
very d ITerent from what it was before the treaty
was made It was not a question whethc y ur
citizens were entitled to this indemnity or whether
they should receive it or not, it was a question
whether this country would hold France to the
i sanctity and obligation of the tieaty that had been
1 made with hei it was also a totally different
question fiom any that had evei existed upon this
¡ subject before the eonclusio 1 of the treaty Be
fore the conclusion of the treaty, these claims were
unsettled and uncertain The French Government
had never admitted or recognised them Tne
amount was also uncertain The treaty in fact
was a compromise, and a most liberal compromise,
dthough the President himself has told us that
that indemnity or compensation was not adequate
I to the amount of the losses Now when the in-
demnity was expressly stipulated by that depait-
mept of the trench Government, authonzed by
Us Constitution to make treaties, and to pledge
the faith of the nation to all foreigners, the ques
tion for us was not whether we should get tl is
amount of money in behalf of our fellow citizens,
but whethei we should suffer the nation that had
made this treaty with us to violate it This she
would do if we did not take the light giound and
assert wnat was just There was now no ques
tion as to the justice of the claims, because the
Governmentof Fiance had admitted them    Theie
, was no question as to the amount, because that
was   admitted  also      The only  question  was,
I whethei you would hold a foieign nation to its
810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
engagements, .whether those engagements were
beneficial to you or not. What would be the con-
sequences if you gave it up—if you compromised
to the value of a cent? Why, that every foreign
nation would consider herself at liberty to sport
with all treaties she might make with you. You
would never have any security, and the most
solemn pledges would be set at naught; whatever
engagements any foreign Power might enter into,
if it suited her interest she would feel herself au-
thorized at any moment to set them at defiance.
This subject, as it was presented to Congress
at the commencement of the session by the Presi-
dent of the United States, was also in an entirely
different position from that in which it now stood.
The President presented the subject to us, and
recommended that in the event of the French legis-
lative Chamber refusing, at their next session, to
make the appropriation necessary to carry the
treaty into effect, letters of reprisal should be is-
sued. Mr. A. had before said in that House that
whatever might be said of the imprudence of that
recommendation, the opinion of mankind would
ever be that it was high-spirited and lofty, and
such as became the individual from whom it ema-
nated. He said it now, and he repeated, that it
was the attitude which that Chief M agistrate would
bear before the wotld, and before mankind, and
before all posterity.
It has been supposed that because he (Mr. A.)
had said that, that he was in favor of the measure
recommended by the President; but he had ex-
plained at the time, most explicitly and distinctly,
that he was not, and that he considered it as impru-
dent. Had he been one of the President's constitu-
tional advisers, he should have recommended a dif-
ferent course-, and yet, at this day, he did not know
but that the counsel by which the President had
been advised, would not be preferred. Mr. A. did
not know but that he might ultimately be called
upon, by circumstances, to recall even thatopinion,
that the measure was an imprudent one; for who
could tell what the next despatch might contain?
Some suppose that the President's message would
have the effect of preventing the appropriation of
money from being made by the French Chamber.
Others, however, supposed that it would ultimately
effect it. Mr. A. was no prophet, and could notpre-
'tend to say what the Effect of it would be, but he
did say, that that which at first view appeared ¡m-
piudent, was sometimes nothing more than be-
coming firmness and boldness. At that time he
perceived there was a great strife between the two
parties of this country, to whom, if the appropria-
tion should be made by the French Chamber, the
credit would be due. He found in a paper, well
known to be friendly to the Administration, the
Globe of this city, the following comment upon
some recent news from France:
" A friend in New York writes us a letter of
1 congratulation on the prospects which the late
' news has opened on the country; and in conclu-
' sion, says: ' The Opposition seem confounded this
' morning, and even the most desperate in their ranks
1 sail tlie Piesident has liad the good fortune to take
' the light course m this matter. Cliance has had no
' hand in it, my J iend; it is parcel of his great, fair,
' and clear course.' "
What says another paperof adiffeientdescrip-
tion, the National I iteiltgencer ? " The complex-
' ion of the news from France is more and  moie
*  favorable to the preservation of peaceful relations
1 between that country and this; which, as we
' believe it to be now sincerely the desire of the
' discreet men of all parties in this country, will,
' we are persuaded, be universally acceptable to
•our readers. The latest date of papers which
' had reached France from America, at the last
' accounts, was the25ih of December. The report
' of the Foreign Relations Committee of our Sen-
' ate was made qxi the 6 h Januaiy; and it was
' definitively acted upon on the 14'h of the same
' month, if e scaicely cnteitain a doubt that, on the
' anival in Pai is of authentic accounts of those pro-
*  cecdings, the bill ofindrmiutii will be promptly acted
6 upon, and the treaty carried into J ult r¿F/c£."
Well, which of the parties was to have the
" glory " of this appropriation, if it should be
made? He, for one, was in the position of inde-
pendence, '• wheie Whigs were called Tory, and
Tory called Wntg." He could not help expiess-
ing ¡us regret to the House, for which he had tiie
strongest and profoundest feelings of respect and
affection, that whichever of those two parties
should attain that glory, of obtaining the appro-
priation of the money and the fulfilment of the
treaty, we, (said Mr. A.,) alas, must go without
any share of it! We must content ourselves with
clapping our hands, and shouting hosannas to the
President of the United States for his bold and
intrepid spirit, or to the Senate! He (Mr. A.) had
been for five or six weeks entreating that House
to call upon their Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to make a report; to take the subject up,
and to deliberate upon it; and he could Jiot help
believing that if they had so taken up the sub-
ject, if it had so pleased them at an earlier period-
of the session to deliberate upon it, they too might
have shared a little of the glory of obtaining that
same appropriation; if, at all events, it should be
obtained. But there they were, on the last days
of the session, obliged to deliberate upon this sub-
ject with a crowd of other important business
before them pressing for action, and upon which
they must act. Permit him to say this was to
him a painful and melancholy circumstance, and
was one of the reasons why he objected to another
part of the resolutions of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, viz: " that this
House will insist upon the execution of the treaty
as ratified by both Governments." Upon what
could that House insist? In four days from that
time, that House would be numbered with the
dead, and that Hall would be the property of their
successors. And what could the present House do
in the way of insisting upon the execution of the
treaty, the fulfilment of which depended upon the
action of a foreign Government four thousand
miles off? What could thai House do? They
would be followed by successors there, and many
of trje States would meet with heavy losses, in
members of as pure hearts andas bright intellects—
by which he did not mean to say that he always
agreed with them—but, he would say, they were
men of as pure hearts and as bright intellects as
any that existed in this nation. How did they
know what their successors would do? How did
they know what their successors would insist
upon ? or what they would be disposed to concede?
That part of the resolution of the gentleman from
New York appeared to Mr. A., therefore, to be
inconsistent, or to mean nothing. That House
could insist upon nothing a/ter its own term of
service should expire. But the same idea which
the gentleman had thus expressed was intended
to be expressed by Mr. A. in that resolution,
which says «' that the rights of the citizens of
the United States to the indemnity, &c , ought, in
no event, to be sacrificed, abandoned, or impaired,
' by any c'n^ent, or acquiescence of the Govern-
' mem of the United Siutes."
It was, therefore, upon these two grounds that
he objected to the first resolution of the gentle-
man trom New York. The first was, that it
foreclosed all negotiation. The second, because
it asserted something that seemed to him to im-
ply that thai House would have a power to act on
the subject; it went to pledge that House, when
every one knew that that House was entirely in-
adequate to act upon it.
A word more upon the propriety of negotia-
tion, for although he had offered the first resolution
only as a substitute for the one proposed by the
gentleman from New York, the second resolution
of Mr. A. not only did not countenance the idea of
excluding all negotiation, but it proposed to recom-
mend to the Piesident of the United States, always
in the event of his not deeming it incompatible with
the honor and interests of the country, to resume
negotiation. Mr. A. would adhere and cling to the
idea of negotiation, because, as he remaiked before,
negotiation was the only way by which peace
could be preserved and maintained. Let him say,
that hia second resolution was drawn with that
official respect which was due to the Chief Magis-
trate of the country. And with that sentiment at
the bottom of his heait, and which he had expressed
with respect to the President's recommendation
of reprisals, let him say that one idea of proposing
his second resolution, was because he thought the
President himself had expressed himself rather
too unfavorably of the continuance of negotiation.
Mr. A. thought the Chief Magistrate of this coun-
try ought never to suy he would not negotiate
with a foreign nation. But events had occurred
since that message which, in Mr. A.'s opinion, ren-
dered it further necessary that the House should
express its opinion upon this subject; he alluded
particularly to the correspondence presented a
few days ago. It was natural enough that agreat
excitement should ensue upon the reception of the
President's threat of reprisak in France. The
King of the French did not, however, appear to
be dissatisfied with it at all. He was only dissat-
isfied with the language used towards his Minis-
ter; because in the message it was strongly inti-
mated that the Minister had not done that which
he had promised to do, viz: to bring the subject
before the Chamber of Deputies at their first
meeting, and in time for the result of their delib-
erations to be known before the assembling of
Congress. It was alleged he had promised this,
and had not dime it; and it was upon this re-
proach, personal to himself, the King of the French
took fire. Mr. A. here made sundry references to
the despatches of Mr. Livingston and the confer-
ences held by him with Admiral de Rigny, the
Minister for Foreign Affairs, and said, the affair
seemed something of the character of a petty
pique between the President of the United State3
and the King of the French.
Mr. A. said he was somewhat alarmed when he
saw it stated in the public papers that Mr. Liv-
ingston had quitted France, because if we should
come to blows, France would say that we were
the first to strike. A Minister must always remain
till he received an order for his departure, either
from his own Government, or from that to which
he is sent. To go to war now would be like two
boys standing before each other with clenched
fists, and each daring the other to strike. If we
did go to war with France upon this subject, his
wori for it, it would all end in an expenditure of
millions upon millions of treasure, and oceans of
blood, and we should then be asking each other
who struck the first blow. Mr. A. further re-
marked on the impolicy of sending a frigate for
Mr. Livingston, which, he maintained, would be
considered in the light of a declaration of hostil-
ities by France. He said he should not be at all-
surprised if the French Government detained her.
Mr. A. concluded by remarking that he had not
said one tenth part of what the subject would sug-
gest to him, but at this late period of the session
he would not trespass upon the House at greater
length.
Mr. ARCHER was opposed to both the resolu-
tions, considering the effect of each would be the
same as that of breaking off all further negotiation.
The resolutions of the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, Mr. A. regarded in the light
of a menace as much as the message of the Pres-
ident of the United States at the commencement
of the session, threatening France with reprisals.
Still he thought these resolutions more consistent
than those of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
because they were more open. Was the country
prepared for so determined a mfcsure ? Would
the circumstance justify it? What would be the
effects? These were questions that every man
should put to himself. Mr. A. referred to the
naval power of France. She had three hundred
and one vessels of war, including forty-four ships
of the line, forty frigates, and a very large num-
ber of steam war vessels. Contrast this with the
condition of the American navy. He had con-
versed with many naval officers who had assured
hirn that a war on the ocean with France would
be far more hazardous than with England, monarch
of the sea, as she called herself. She had, besides,
an army of four hundred thousand men, in the
fineststate of discipline, and kept ready for action
at almost a/ moment's warning. But what could
we promise ourselves by going to war? Could we
subdue Fiance? He would not conceive a war
with France, though the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts seemed to say that the President's in-
structions to Mr. Livingston amounted to a..dec-
laration of war.
Mr. ADAMS explained.
Mr. ARCHER resumed by showing the great
sacrifice to tradeand commerce by non-intercourse.
The exports and imports to France, each averaged
about fourteen millions of dollars annually, all oí
which would be destroyed, besides jeoparding all
our other foieign trade.   A declaration of war,
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
he would admit, would not destroy this trade, but
it would throw it into the hands of two countries
possessing a large commeicial marine, England
and Holland In ports where whole forests of
American masts were now seen there would be
scarcely a single ship owned by native Americans.
If we declared that we would have no further
negotiation, coupled with the recall of ourMmister,
it would be tantamount to a declaration of war
And for what' For what was considered almost
a desperate debt of five millions, most of which
had been long ago transferred from the original
creditor at some two or three shillings in the pound
Were two ancient allies to bnns upon themselves
all the dreadful and horrible consequences of a
war, a war that for consequences and dire calam-
ities would be unequalled in the page of history
upon so paltry a ground The case was dispro-
portionate with the effects, and had no prototype
in the whole annals of the civilized world It
would be quixotic, and even romance scarcely
presented a precedent, unless that of Sir Lucius
OTngger We were going to plunge intoa war,
not only with the greatest Power in the world, but
with one also with which we were united by long
bonds of friendship, to sustain the national glory
and honor' No, tbrthe paymentof a paltiy sum
of money, two-thirds of which the opposite party
were willing at once to pay It was ironically said
that "discretion was the better part of valor,"
but it did not thence follow that íashness was the
best proof of it If a giant Btruck him, was he
to rush upon him in return when he was certain
to be crushed to atoms' He denied that national
honor was yet involved in the question, and if it
was, could it be best maintained by bravado, vio-
lence, and intemperance'
Mr A then maintained that the treaty was in-
complete, because all the forms required under the
French charter had not been complied with The
Constitution of the United States vested the treaty-
makfng power in the Executive, but if he made a
treaty involving an approonation, it would be in-
valid till passed in the House of Representatives
of Congress All appropriations must emanate
from the popular branch of the Government, and
the same was the case in France The Represent-
atives of the people held the purse strings Sup
pose the President of the United States made a
treaty, and that treaty involved an appropriation,
and that House refused to pass the bill for the
purpose, would there be any breach of national
faith ' None But he would say, he had rather
that not only fwe millions., but five hundied mil
lions should be sacrificed, rather than plunge the
country into the calamities that must inevitably
ensue from the course he reprobated
Mr A said he had just been mfoimed that ad-
vices had arrived to day, from France, which gave
strength to the hope heretofore enteitained that
our affairs in the French Chamoers had resulted
favorably He would ask the gentleman from
New York, if, under such circumstances, he would
deem his resolution eithei expedient or politic'
The gentleman from Massachusetts said something
about fear
Mr ADAMS remarked, that the whole of the
gentleman's atgumentwas fear
Mr ARCHER admitted it He feared the
dire calamities that wouid fall upon u«, by adopt-
ing the course recommended in both series of the
resolutions presented that morning
Mr CAMBRCLFNG said, as the gentleman
had refened to some iecent advice", he shou'd be
glad to be informed of their purport
Mr  ARCHCR understood the project of a law
presented   by   tne  Mm ster  of Finance  to   the
Fiench Chambers had  been refened to the Bu
reau, or Standing Committee of the Chamber
Mr    A    then   aliudcd   to  the  iererence often
made by nations to neutral Poweis, when ques-
tions of temtoiy,il.c , were invohed, in prooUhat
this   subject might, also,  without  infringing on
nalfcmal honoi, be in a like mannei disposed of
What had we to fear from negotiation 01 to arbi
tration '   Nothu g     He  be'ieved we should lose
no portion of the money, but on the contrary, he
should expect agieat deal noie would be asked, I
and obtained     lie «anted Fiance and the wond
to see that nothing had been left undone on our I
part to prevent a lesort to arms, and that il we I
weie foiceil to it, we should go into it with clean i
hands Heapplauded the «pint of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and if that gentleman thought
the national honor insulted, Mr A admired that
spirit, but he denied that the occasion called for
it We were not to drench the country with
oceans of blood, because theautocrat of our coun-
try had a spirit which might become him Mr
A came there not to exalt the honor of that indi-
vidual, but to protect the interests of his constit-
uents and of the country at large
Mr A concluded by offering the following
amendment to the amendment of Mr Adams.
Resolved, That in the just expectation that the
Government of France will have made provision,
or will make provision for carrying into effect the"
stipulations of the treaty of indemnity with that
Government of the 4th ot July, 1831, this House
will forbear at the present time to adopt any
measujem relation to that subject
Mr PICKENS opposed both the resolutions
with considerable animation
Mr   PATTON addressed the House, at con-
siderable length, in reply to Messrs  Archer and
Pickens, and gave the views which had governed
I him in relation to this sulject, both in the Com
, mittee on Foreign Affairs, (of which he was a
member,) and m the House.    He did not fully
concur in all points with either of the series of
resolutions     Mr   P   read a resolution which he
had prepared on the subject, with a view of offer-
I mg it to the House     It would be seen that it was
I declarative oí the validity of our claim, and pre-
I served the principles advocated by the gentleman
from  Massachusetts    It was also; he thought,
couched in as strong terms as that gentleman
should require                                                              I
[The great length of Mr Patton's remarks pre- ¡
eludes even a synopsis, but we hope to givetl em
at length as soon as they can be piepared ]             I
j Mr BOULD1N said he hada few remaiksto
make on the subject He siid it was not his m-
I tention, nor had it been his habit, to trespass long
on the time of the House He wished to heai
what were the views of every member, ard "up
I posed that every member wished to understand
| the opinion and teelings of every one on the floor
I upon a subject of such magnitude He would not
at any time tiespasson the patience of the House,
much less would he at this time, lockirg to the
magnitude of this question, and the great press of
other business that must bedone in the short time
left of this session He thought there was but one '
question before this House and this nation m rela !
Hon to this «ulject, that was to be determined at
this time The questior whether this debt secured
by this treaty to be paid would be abandoned or
insisted on, other questions had been suggested
m Fiance and in this country, but no other ques-
tions had been made here The President had
advised means under certa n contingencies But
no other question had been raised by the consti
tuttd authouuesof t'us country but this Shall the
debt be abandoned or not' He said this was a
very material question to be decided 1 lie debates
in the French Chamber of Deputies showed that
much reliance was plnced on the belief that this
courtry would not insist in the last event upon the
payment of this moii'y It was, in his opinion,
a very naturtl inquiry, and was the anxious
inquiry of this countiyand Fiance He said it
was fi that we shou'd answer to it If we aban-
doned the claim there was an end to it If we
did not, the mode and lime of asseitn g our ugh s
was with ourselves Hesaid he had lis ened wi h
much plensuie and interest to his colleag le, [Mr
Archlr ] and had been at a lb«s to determine
what was the conclubton, of which he several
times spolt , that he would come to He sud he
undei tood him at last to come to the conclusion
that the treaty was not obiigatoiy For this he
gives two reasons fust, th \t until the vote of the
Chambets was had, making appropriations for
the payment, the treaty was not final Upon this
point, he would say notl ing His colleague [Mi
Patioy] had answied to that tu ly—peirectly
Indeed, the gemleman's aigument on that poirt,
lfitpioved anything, would piovethat there wis
no obligah-ni on the ¡ait of the Government to
pay any ohVei f i services already tendered, until
this IIo ise snail vote an appropriation Secondly,
mycolleaguethouglu wo had bfen piecipi'a e— oo
hasty      What did he think was hauty      Rather,
what did he think reasonable time to negotiate >
A quarter of a century he thought not long enough.
Would he say how long would be long enough-
would one hundred and twenty-five years be long
enough'   Mr  B said he was willing, if we had
acted hastily, to withdraw—negotiate again     But
before he entered again into  a settlement, he
wished to know how we would do.    It was nota
claim ofthe Government which (hesaid) he wished
might live forever    It was the claim of individ-
uals, most of whom (he said) were dead and gone,
1 and moet of their descendants likewise.    If we
wait much longer, we shall also be dead and gone,
then he supposed there would be an end of the
I matter so far as we are concerned at least     Mr
| B 's colleague said, if we waited longer we cqjjld
have done much better—get much more    Mr  B
said he wished to be serious, and was so, but
j his colleague reminded lura of a case (he would
not give the names) he knew of    An old gentle-
man had a daughter who remained single till she
was foriy five, when she then thought proper to
I marry, and did so     Her father objecting to the
match, said if Peggy had not been in such a hurry
she might have done very well     The gentleman
asks if we really would go to war for five millions
j of dollars'    Many a suit is brought when the cost
' is more than the demand    Will a man fight if you
í spit in his face' Suppose the case of my colleague
—but the case is not supposable—yet if ¡l were
supposable—and should a man spit in the face of
my colleague, would he wash his face and say it
was not worth resenting '   In such a case it would
generally be cheapest  with most if they would
wash it off, and be cleaner than they were before
In almost every case it would be best, but for one
thing—the next neighbor standing by and seeing
we had submitted to that, would do anothei anda
muchgieater indignity to  us when it served his
turn to do so     We were leminoed in the Piench
Chambers that we had taken the like from o her ,
whynotfrom them'   Hesaid that he agieed with
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr AdamsJ
that his colleague's argument was  made up of
fear     Did  his colleague read the debates in the
French Chambers, and  did  he not see that the
most talented men in the Opposition then reliai
mainly   that we were  a money-loving,  mmey
getting people, and would  nevei  spend one hun-
dred millions to obtain five'    He knew it was all
a fetch—he asked his colleague's paidon—he knew
there was no feai id him
The Fienchand his colleague, he thought, were
both mistaken He said he heard with pleasuie
and pude for his country and his colleague, when
he spoke of our commerce, covering with unnum
bered millions every sea He asked if we obtained
that commerce, or the proiectten of it, by fear, by
arguments, such as his colleague had ndv need '
We had a name in the world, as a nation, of
which every American was proud We had a
lespect in the eye of all nations, which had not
failed to be acknowledged by them Did we ac-
quire th s by argumen s and piactices bottomed
on consideration of fear' When we weie ac
quiring this, did we snow to the woild that we re-
garded moie our personal secunty thant lit nsrhw
and our honor' Did v\e then consider whethtr
oui ducks or om barns were in danger' Fui fn m
it Did the gen'letnan himself—ai d he says he
thinks the nauon 's honoi is his own honoi, and
would defend and maintain thf-m both by the
same mean11—when he was acquiring that respect
and esteem which he so secuiely maintains in the
boso ris of his friends and his colleagues, act fi om
feel ngs and arguments, such as those he now ad-
vances '
When weieceivean injury and iesi>t it—if we
get i bl lodv nose, our adversary is likely to set
one also ltiswellfoi both to value his "Did
the gtntleman lead the debates in the FieiKh
Chambeis' Ate not the vety same aigurnents
put into oui mouths there If we lefu^e to de-
fend oui rights and bin g ihe wl ole to a ca i ula
Hon of do 1 irs and cent"-, will not all natx ns d«.l
v ih us accoidi kly ' We have exacted fr< in
other nations payment and received it foi bimilai
ii juries We j ersuaded them v.e would enfoice
oui claims to justice, a id tl ey believed it If now ,
atiei all th t, when it comes to the dial, and we
have liquidtted the clani and taken the bond, and
ptjment is íefuseil, we uo not cau e our nght-sto
312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
be respecied, what may we expect> Cleaily that
those who have been compelled to pay will say,
you bullied us out of it, but when it came to the
point with the Ficnch, you gave it up, therefore,
to be equal, you must pay us Lack with interest,
if you do not, we will go on the high seas—we
will shoot your ducks, we will burn your barns,
and do worse with you than the Fieich would
have done He said he would repeat the question,
shall we give up the money, or insist on the pay-
ment of it' This is no uncommon case, atter
dealing of twenty years' standing, u pon settlement
and bond taken, if any thing is said about suit for
the money, that the statute of limitation, usury,
and gambling, extortion, or some other plea oi
bill ot injunction is threatened But the creditor
has only to decide whether he will give up the
debt or not A man talks and shuffles with you for
twenty five years, and at last gives his bond-
waits four or five years,and wnen you call on him
for the money, proposes to settle again—draws
some nice distinction, admitting the obligation of
treaties and bonds, and the authorities of agents
to make settlements, but denying the obligation
to pay the money Sir, is not this trifling with a
man' Sir, (said Mr B ,) no more negotiation
about this debt I had rather give it up—the debt
—than negotiate again Sir, when that same
France was ground into the dust (justly 01 un
justly) for peace sake—for love'ssake—forgrati
tude—for past kindness, if not fnendship—we
forebore, and said to her, " We will rot bi ess you
now, others we will compel to pay, (we said by
our actions,) but you, we will not urge just now,
we will settle with you in your own lime " And
she had settled in her own time—taken her own
time of payment Much was said in those debates
in the Fiench Chamber of Deputies about fnerd
ship and gratitude, &c They seem to think that
the fable of the husbandman and viper would
apply to us He had found a viper frozen, and
took him to his bosom, and warmed him into
life, the ungratetul viper then bit his benefactor
They spoke of us as foundlings—as some child
that has been cast away by its mothei—or, being
lost, they had found it1 Sir, they sit in then
Chamber, and we sit here I wish to have no
words of abuse with them I, like my colleague,
[Mr Archer,] do not like to hear abuse, or to g ve
it I wish you distinctly, Mr Chanman, to un
deistand that I do not deal in abuse towards any
individual, or any nation I want to heir no
abuse, and I have heard full as much pra se ot
foieign nations as I want to heai As much has
been said about love, and affection, and gratitude,
arnd obligations, too, between us a id the Fie >ch,
as there is any truth in I want to beat no moie
about love, and friendship, and gratituJe All i
want to hear, and, I am peisuaded, all ti e natío i
wishes to hear at this time, is, whether we mean
to hold on upon the trea y, or give it upe Hirely
If, then, we give it up, all is done If we do not
give it up, what follows ' I do not know T hat
is the point befoie us It is not what the Fiench
wish to know, or have the right to requn e us to
tell them With the greatest possible respect f >r
the feelings and opinions of others, I think it is
pusillanimous to be always settling, settling, and
resettling
I do not think >t would be dishonorable to g ve
up the debt 1 never heard that it was humilla
ting to give up a debt The creditor has the right,
and no one has the i ight to conif lam but the debt
or, and f nevei heard of his taking exceptions
But it is childish to be always settling and unset
tlmg and threatening I would rathei give up the
whole, if it be as the gentleman supposes, ten
tunes as much, than be always disputing and
quarreling about it Perhaps the most dignified
position we could assume would be to give it up,
and pay the private claims to that amount It is
certainly the cheapest If the nation is wi ling I
should be willing, 1 believe my constituents would
be I believe they know the wisdom and neees
Bity of attending ,o then interest as well as their
honor But I believe they would be willing if all
■were willing, togiveup the claim rather than break
the peace between the two countries Perhaps if
we were to return them their bond, and say we
have been settling for twenty five years, and you
now refuse to pay after settling even one tenth of
what vou really owed us, we will hereafter have
just as much to do with vou as suits our inclina-
tions, and no more than we can well avoid—tins
might be thought the most independent course by
allthewoild 1 know but one olj°ction to this The
claim did not originate m contioct, but m violence,
and for peace, love, grant ide, and friendship, we
I have agreed to tane money as a satisfaction 1
have no idea tha' such will be the course, and do
not mean to advise it, nor do I much feai that war
will be the consequence of insisting on a compli
anee with the treaty I think the only matenal
question we have to lespond to, is the question
before stated Will we give up the money oi not'
I think any of the resolutions answer sufilc ently
except-those of my colleague, [Mi Atchcr,] who
seems to think we could make «omethi'g by a
new settlement 1 cannot agif-e to that If they
will not comply with tins settlement they would
not eeitamlv if we brought them more m debt
I like ratner the resdulions of the lugHy es
teemed  and  veiy d stirgMsheJ gentleman fiom |
Massachusetts, [Mr  Advms ]    I have no obi°c   ,
tion even to his second resolution—to give the
President discretion   to   negotiate   fur hei    with
France, if he should think 'he honoruf the na ion
would not be many mannei compiomucd oi sac
rificed      If we tl > not think   the Piesident  has
acted wi h entire pr jdence, (and I am not unvvill   i
ing to ad nit that 1 think he has not,) a^d if some '
of us do not love i un as well as we nvgnt, and
have not all the confidence that o hers have, still i
he is the only oigin thiough which we can con
stuutioi ally  treat with  a y nation  in (etce oi '
wai      It seems admitted by all, unless it mieht I e i
thechairman of ihe Committee on Fo eign Allans,
that we ought t> have some means in peace  to
preset ve peice, and   n war to make t eace     Tins
second res ilution, theiefoie   seems distinctly to
say to <fll the woilJ, that however we may differ
in decree of personal regard for, or confidence in,
the President, su 1  he is our  P esiuent, and  we |
mean to sus'ain our own honor and our own in   ¡
stimtiois, thiough him, the only constitutional
oigan for that puipose    L°t Fiai ce see she has no
giourd to hope to p ofit by our party divisions
In saying this, and egreeing to tins resolution,
I cannot feel what my cdleague [Mr Archfr]
says we must fee—touching y elding, bendinc:
the knee, to the Pie idem—oi to the Fiench
Chambeis, whiv-i seems to me to be moie piaj
sil le Simply to say, we will expect the money
to be paid, and that we w II take our own tin e ano
means to obtain it, seems to me to be neither
yie'ding, noi su mum g, noi cinuring, to Fiance,
or the Piesiltit, or any loJy in the wold
Whether the advice given by tn° President will
be taken is 'or aftei cms deidlie n We have no
time to deliberate r act on it row Whether h s
message has b->en pruJent or mnrudent, wise or
unwise, will be de ermmed,!ike most other tnirgs,
I y ti e eve^t Obs mac/, if the thing turn out
we11, wouH le fi n ness if it timed out ill, it
wcnkl "til becall d obs inncy 1 hat which would
be rashness if it turned out dl, wou'd lie boldness,
nay, wisdc m itstl , if the eventbe f rtui a'e No,
sir (id Mi B ) f feel not crouchir -* or hnmilia
tion tor myself nr my countiy, in this couise 1
hav  no severe strictures to make, t or do 1 think
it necssa y to add an) hi g to what the gen'le
man fiom Massac' uset's [Mr \dívis] has said
in rehti n to the Ch ef Magistrete M Cha r
man, 1 have said at least four times as much as I
at first intended and will ask pardon of the com
miti.ee for having detained them so lorg, and say
no more
Mr CAMBIELCNGsa dthatatthecnmmence
ment of the lebate he had, to avoid discussion,
stated, that if we wei e to remain at peace with
France, he thought the less we said upon the sub
ject the better He sincerely hoped and expected
that the lelations between the two countr es would
not be dis'urbed, but gentlemen haddiscu sed the
question as if we v e-e now on the eve of war
Before he sat down, he should p-opose sume
modifications of the resolutions which he hoped
would meet the concuirence of the House on all
sides He would cheerfully submit them without
fdither debate, but for the extraordinary argu
ments cf the gentleman from Vngmia, [Mr
Arcier,] who had addressed the House atlength,
and which rendered a reply indispensably neces-
sary
Before he pioceeded to reply to the gentleman
from Vuginia, he would explain as to the re«o'u
Hon proposed by the committee     That part of*it
re'ating to negotiation, he had not proposed__on
the other hai d, he had 1 nnself doubts of the pro-
priety of interfenng witn tl e duties of the Exec-
utive But there weie members who would not
vote for the resolution without thi.t portion i elating
to further negotiation, and as the minority of the
comm ttee would not vote wnh him for a modifi.
cat on, he was compelled to report that or none
He I oped,however, that m the House we should
have bettei  success
The gentleman from Vrgmia, [Mr Archfr,]
and he believed the gentleman from South Caro
lina, [Mr Pictc\s,] hail both alluded to the ri¿ht
of tl e Chambti to refuse the appropriation It
had been stated that Mr R ves was perfectly
awaie, when making the treaty, that the quest on
must be submitted to tne Chamber, and that,
therefore, it could not be complete t 11 it had rt
cived i s sanction
On this point, very great injustice had been
done that distinguished gentleman, [Mr Ruts,]
n iv only 1 ere but elsevv here In a document laid
upon oui tab'e —a document to which he was not
pei muted otherwise to lefer—he meant the Report
of the Comrji tee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate—ma ifest i j istice haa been done to our late
Minis er to Fiance In tlat íepoit, it isstatel
that Mi Pt ves was aware that the treaty must be
suomitted to the Cmibei, and to sustain that
position, the ieport quotes fiom Mr R 'b letter to
the Secretary ol State, detailirg a conversation wi h
the French Mimstei, th-tt portion of it relating to
what tne letter said upon tnis subject But by an
extiaoidimry oversight, the committee had sup-
pressed tne next paragraph in the same lettei—a
suppression wl ich had been most successtully est
pesed by an opposition editor
In that suppressed paragraph, Mr R ves says
ti the Secretary of S ate, tnat in reply to the
Fiench Minister, he repelled the idea that the
Chamber had anything to do wi*h the treat} -
making powei, that that powei, by the Fiench
Constitution, was in the King exclusively, ai d
that the French Minister assented to the propriety
of his sugges ions It is (said Mr C ) extraor-
dinary, su, that so pregnant n paiagiaon should
have escaped the attention cf the committee of lh"-
Senate, following as it did the passage quoted in
their ieport Mi Hives r-everdisputed 'he power
of the CI amber to írject an apprnpi lation, but the
right of the Chamber is anothei question If it be
a ngl t, sir, it is one never to be exercised but in
the case of a gross and palnal le usuipation oi the
pait of the King It is one nevei to be ex i^ sed
on a paltry question of a few millions of fianrs,
but only in great emergencies, involving the qui s
tion of pejee or wir If it oe in any sense 11 ght
I tr ist it is one which will never be enf ret,J in
ib s House for it is at oest but a light to violate
the publ c faitl . and to aDrogate the solemn obh
gations of a treaty , a light to disgrace your coun-
tiy
Phegentleman f oír Virginia the light it extraor
diner} th t we si ould co to wars upon a question
ot cla ms in a 1 tl e listory of wais he hi d nev r
known one for a cause 1 ke this I hid not ex-
pected such a declaration from a gentleman of his
intell «enre [Mr A dm not mean to be so un-
derstood ] What, sn,waa our war, which we
made, though _not declared, aga nst France in
1798—was it not f ir her depi edations on oui coró-
me ce' What was the war against Englar d m
1812, but for her captures urder her orders in
council' Jf we make war for spohations on oui
commerce, are we not authonzed to do so, when,
af'e>-five and twenty years negotiation, a treaty
founded upon such wrongs, is viola el —wrongs,
too, which would have conpelled us to meet the
decrees of France with a declaration of war, had
we not been, in 1812, forced to decide whether
we should declare war against France or England,
for both had violated our national rights, and the
law of nations Fiance had not orly violated
piblic law, but the obligations of the treaty of
1800
The gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr Archer]
has given us a fallacious aigument to alai m our
fears of tneconse juenc°s to result fiom encounter-
ing so formidable a naval powei as i >-ance is at
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 2d Session
FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1835
Vol 2.   No 20.
this time Sjch opimciis^from so respectable a ¡
source, are calculated to moke an eironeous im-
press! m both at home and abroad The gentle-
man has furnished us with a statistical table of
the number of ships of war of each class belonging
to the Fiench navy The naval power of anation
is not, sir, to be measu'ed by the number of its
vessels of war—it is a fallacious standard. It must
be measured by the foundation on which naval
power rests, the extent and character of its corn-
mere al marine No nation possesses so powerful
and effective a commercial marine as the United
States, animated and invigorated, as it is, by the
spirit of freedom
The gentleman from Virginia may deceive him-
self, but France knows our naval strength, and
England too, and if our national rights are main-
tained here, as they ought to be, in a spirit corre-
spondms with the extent of our naval resources,
neither France nor England will ever be willing
to engage in a war with us     But according to
the  argunnent of tne gentleman, we are to be
overwhelmed with some thirty or forty ships of
the line     Sir, the ten thousand manners whom
we have now engaged in the whale trade—that
" dreadful trade "—are alone sufficient to sweep
from the ocean the whole naval power of France.
O ir mariners employed in  the fisheries on our
coast ai d on the banits, are able of themselves to
contend successfully with any na\al power ex-
isting     The naval resources of France may be
great in °h ps and 11 het gallant officers—whose
daring b-aveiy no nation will dispute—but ships
and  (friceis are powerless without a well disci-
plined and extensive commeicial marine, and na-
tions the most commercial must ever be the most
poaeiful on the ocean   In a war with us, France
can denve no a d from her amy though it were
eiual to that formidable force which ciossed the
Niemen m 1812   The war, if there be one, will be
oa the ocean     We have the materials ready for
an immense navy—we have a commercial manne,
always ready to avenge our wrongs, and we could
tut  afloat in twelve months a naval force with
wh ch no na'ion could successfully contend    I do
not sav this, su, because 1 anticipate war with
France—Heaven  forbid  that the peace be'ween
the two nations should ever be disturbed—botn
nations have eveiy motive to cherish it, and I am
sure it ne\er will be sacrificed for five and twenty
mil'ions of francs     But, sir, the extraordinary
statements of the gentleman  from Vnginia has
compelled me to dissipate the unfounded appre
h nsi3ns   they   were  calculated   to  excite,  and
wh ch might do us an mjuiy abioad     We have
i oihmg to fear from any nation,come the contest
wn«=n it may
The gentleman from Virginia has referred to
tt-e opinions expressed by oui officers as to the
great superiority and discipline of the French
navy <U the present time Modesty, sir, is the
chaiactenstic of a brave man—our officers will
never underrate those who aie, oi those who may
I e, their antagonists But the opinions of our
officers can never sweep away our commercial
niarmt, and while we have that, we shall never
concede superiority to any naval power France
has, too.anotl ei powerful motue fe r not willingly
ei gijing m a v>ai with us It the shomd attempt
to intenupt the commeice betaeen this comí  y
and Gieat B nam, or to interfeie with British
vessels, tiadino- I etween the United States and any
pait of the world—if she should venture to tres-
pass on her neutrality, England would soon be a
party m the war
We mean, su, to have no war with Trance—
v e mean to avoid it, to do so effectually we must
meet the crisis feailessiy, and maintain our na
tioiial rights with dignity Adopt that as your rule
of condu t in your rehtions with foreign nations,
and you will command the rebpect of the world,
ami, toge-tl ei with oui isolated position avoid war
for a centui> to come    France, sir, will herself
20
respect us the more for maintaining onr rights
with spirit and firmness Gentlemen who enter-
tained a different opinion must pardon him for
totally dissenting from the policy adopted by the
Senate The persuasive tone is not the one which
will ever obtain indemnity from any nation The
tone of the message justly responded by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,] is that
which has commanded the respect of France as it
ought to have done, and the applause of nations
Trance respects us because we respect ou. selves
For the first time the French Chamber is awakened
to the true character of the question Hitherto it
has been frittered away, trifled with, and lost
sight of, amidst the struggles for power among the
various parties in that body—they never looked
abroad Now it has become a great national
question, in which the honor and welfare of the
nation is involved, and the measure will no longer
be sacrificed to gratify the spirit of party If it
be defeated, it will be because both Houses did
not, at an early period of the session, respond to
the tone of the message, not by adopting meas
uies of reprisal at once, but by doing what we are
now about to do—exhibiting a firm determination
to sustain the rights and honor of the nation,
should the obligations of the treaty be not fulfilled
But, sit, I believe the appropriation wiH have
been, or will be made The composition of the
Chamber differs from this body and the House
of Commons The privilege of voting in Franee
is limited to one hundred and sixty thousand
voters, and the Deputies represent more fully the
commercial and manufacturing mteiests of France,
having a deep interest in the quesuon—it is essen
tially a body íepiesenting the c ties and towns of
Fiance Such repiesentatives will surely not
sacrifice the great interests of then constituents,
1 to gratify party revenge, and in a case where
France is clearly in the wrong Eat whatevei
Trance may do, let us do our duty, and without
desiring or anticipating the worst, let us be pre-
pared for it
I regret, sir, that I have been compelled to
engage in this debate, contrary to my wish and
design, for I anticipate, and sincerely dewre, noth-
ing but peace between the two great nation!, I
will now, sir,adopt,m the form of a resolutions
sentiment which I found this morning m the report
of the minority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Had such a resolution been proposed
in the committee by either of the gentlemen who
signed mat document, it would have been, with
perhaps one exception, unanimously supported
We were alv ays ready to declare that" the treaty
of the 4 h of July, 1831, should be maintained,
and its execjtion insisted on at all hazards I
unite with them most cordially in the sentiment
and I hope the gentleman fiom Massachusetts will
accept it as a substitute for his The first and
third resolution will then be abandoned, and 1 [
trust that this lesoluuon, wuh the seconu, will be
adopted with unanimity                                            |
The resolution was then lead, and placed mtne
order of pioceedmgs, in lieu of the amendment ,
originally offered by Mr  Ad «is      It is as tot- |
°™>*Resolied, That in the opinion of this House
' the tieaty of the 4„h of July, 1831, should be
' maintained, and its execution insisted on, at all
' hazards "                                            ,.      ,,
I Mr ARCHER then said he would withdraw
his íesolution.and ado} t mat of his col'eague,
[Mi Pattuv,] if the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts [Mr  Adims] would als) adopt it
I Mi ADAMS lephed, that he could not take the
couise indicated in the suggestion of the gentie
man from Vug ma He «as perfectly willing to
accept that of the cha man of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs as a subetuu e fur his ovin He
had the other day asked his colleague [Mi uv
erettI if his report concluded with resolutions,
aid, it he had received an affiimative answer to
this inquiry, it was not his intention to have offered
that which was now on the table He considered
the resolution now proposed for his adoption, by
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr Cambrele\g,J as expressing all that was
expressed by his own, and a little more The
difference consisted m this, that his resolution
declared that the indemnity secured by the treaty
of 1831 should i  no cient be abandoned The
one he now adopted declared that it should be
secured at all hazards He was perfectly willing
to adopt that language
Mr BTJRGES contended that the Houseshould
do nothing which was calculated to throw em-
barrassment in the way of an amicable adjustment
of the question This House was on the eve of a
political dissolution Itcouiddo nothing efficient.
It might pass resolutions, but if war was neces-
sary, it did not possess the power, or could not at
this late period cany out such a measure Under
the circumstances, he thought the members of this
House should not throw any embarrassment in
the way of their successors He was pleased
with the last resolution of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr Cambrflekg,] in some respects.
It contained no threat, and every individual in the
land would insist upon having the treaty carried
into effect as it was, no person would submit to a
reduction of the sum, and it might with propriety
be insisted that it should be increased
Mr B was soi ry that the question of war had
been discussed upon this occasion He referred
to the mant me force and power of the two na-
tions, and the detriment to the commerce of the
United States which would result from such a
war He thought the House should be extremely
cautious in its action upon a question which might
result in war He adverted to the ground of dis-
pute with France It involved a question of
money only, and no case would be cited where a
Christian nation had gone to war merely for plun-
der He insisted that there was much more cause
for war on account of the bad faith and treatment
which had originated our claims against France,
than in a refusal to pay the sum of money which
was stipulated to be paid us He thought that,
after the United States passed over the insults of
France, we should be deeply and wgloriously
disgraced by going to war, merely because France
would not pay us a sum of money for accumulated
v rongs
Mr B entered, at some length, into a history
of ti e d fficu'ties with France, and contended that
there existed no just cause of war The present
aspect of the controversy seemed to him to be a
mere question of etiquette between the President,
and the Fiencn King, and the"Foreign Minister
of this Government, and the Minister of State of
Fiance                                                                     ,
In conclusion, Mr   B   said  the House might
pass any resolution it choosed     He should not
object, unless it was implied that if France did not
pay the money, we would go to war    The reso-
| lution before the House declared that the treaty
i should be maintained al all hazaids    There were
I but few things which should be maintained at all
lazaidi     Wnat were they? Was a mere question
of money one    Certainly not     He viewed such
a declaration on our part tantamount to saying,
that we would demand this sum, if lefused, through
war    France would be cowardly indeed if she
should pay the money unde. such c.rcumstances
Mr   COULTER felt much gratified that the
eentleman from New York [Mr Cambkeleno]
, fad offered a modification of the first and had con-
sented to waive the third resolution    This step
' wm calculated to conciliate and insure unanimity
rTtacuon! which wassodesrable rn this occasion.
He was opposed to the th.rü resolution because
,    t ^roX  -ture vwth France, and amounted
l to nothm-     If 'he supposition was correct, the
'  :soTatn%hould go Lther  and ™. «ffi£«t
measure should be adopted for putuna the coan-
314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
try 10 a state of defence. As, however, this leso-
lution was abandoned, he was willing to vote for
the moJiiied resolution of the chanman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Cambre-
llnc.J and he would do this with cheerfulness,
because the concluding sentence of the resolution
was the same language used in the closing para-
graph of theiepoitot the minority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. C. le't no apprehension fiom the phantoms
of the member from Rt.oJe i&iand, [Mi. Borges.]
The amount stipulated to be paid by Fiance to
Ameucan citizens was justly due Could the
American Government, in gocd faith to her citi-
zens, ever negotiate again with Fiance on this
subject' Would Fi anee or the Chamber cf Depu-
ties ever agree to pay a la.ge mm' It had been
contended in tne French Ciiambcis, that this sum
should be reduced and cut down. This could not
be done. We must insist upon the execution of
the treaty as it is. [low was this to be done? We
must proclaim and insist upon it, fiom the good
faith of France; and if this considtiaaon would
not answer the execution of the treaty, we must
rtt>oit to commeicisl re&tnctions It was useless
to open a new negotiation, afiei the failure to ex-
ecute an engagement solemnly enteied into under
the gieat seal of Fiance liow could this Gov-
ernment approach and abk oí the King a icnewal
of this negotiation, when, by his own admission
and acknowledgment, the su.n st.oulated m a
tuimei treaty was justly due to tne cnizens of
this Government' We should certainly encounter
no great hazaid by insisting on th" payment of a
sum of money adimued to Le ]usdy due us,
France would tun illy, upon such a pie^ence, seize
upon our commeioiai m irme ci moled oui fleet
in the Medueuanean. She would scaicely go to
war upon any such frivolous consijeiaiion
Mi 0 said there were tv.o ways in which our
jastclaims mightbe prejudice. The first was by
pursuing a vehement and iash line of conduct, and
the other by adopting a tame, pass. ve,and quiescent
couise, and submitting to evei y thing. We mut>t
either come up to the encumstance ot the case or
lag bemnd them. "We had caintd our part of this
tieaty into effect. France lad not. Why then
should weiefiam from an expression of u decided
opinion on the subject' Shoulu this House evade,
bnouid it lag behind tne question' Since the powei
of Fiance had been urged as persuasions against
our acting, he, for one, was disposed, with more
alacrity than before, to meet tne question, and to
act finnlyand decisively, lie was the hist man
who would be disposed causelessly to jeopaid the
peace of the count! v. lie was still in favor of a
middle couise. lie wished to come up to the
cusís—to meet it fully, but ne was not in favor of
going ahead, or of i emaunuu behind thecnsis.
Vai lous questions had been mooted in the courre
of the debate, which «'ere not necessai ily involved
in the subject before tí e House. The question
was not, whether or not we should go to sir It
was certainly not just cause of censure, that we
should insist upon "the payment ot a claim which
was admitted by the h>t,h lunctionanes of Fiance.
After adverting to the position in which Fiance
would place herself m theey^s ol civilized Euiupe
by a lcfusal to comply with the stipulations of
the treaty,and the ^iain whiji she would thereby
ini'.^t upon her national powei, &c Mr. C. con-
cluded, by exptessing a hope, 'hat tne lesoluuon
proposed by the gentleman hom New York would
p.evail
Mi Cnir/rorsr sii I thpt if the ¡Inee bst woids
of the modified lesolufon, to wit, "at alt liazai ds,"
weie stiicl.en out, he and many of tnose aiound
him, would support the resolution. He hoped
that the resolution would be thus modified.
Mr. J. CI ADAMS said hecould notacceptthe
amendment pioposed by the gentleman last up.
It was for the sake of harmony and unanimity
that lie had consented to accept the mod'ficauon
of the gent'eiian from Few Yoik, [Mr. Cibibke-
i ln'g ] fie now rose to say, that¡i the resolution
as modifiel was not accepnb'e to a majority, he
would nxtie that the question be taken on his
iesohition as ongmaUy pioposed He stated the
diffeienre between the two pioposmors. The
¡evolution of 'he gentlerm r> from New York per-
fectly accorded \ikíi his feelings. His own propo-
sition was, how eve., less harah in its termj.
Mr. E EVERETT said he understood that an
express had just arrived in the city, which pioba-
bly brought additional mtel'igence from Fiance.
He thought the House had better take a recess
until seven o'clock, ('t ben g then after six o'clock,
p. m ) He moved that the committee use for
this purpose.
The motion was agreed to—yeas 87, nays 82
The committee then rose.
[The foregoing embiaxts only an outline of the
debate, which
upied   the   House from eleven
o'clock a. m   to hah past six p. m ]
Mr. E. EVERETT moved that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock
ASSAULT ON MR.  EWIISG,  OF INDIAISA.
A motion vv is then made to at']ourn, but with-
drawn at the request of the SPEAKER, who laid
befoie the House the following letter from Mr.
Ewing, of Indiana:
>                                      Wvhivgton City,
Ftbiuanj 28(4 1835
To the Sjiei.l er cj the Home, aj Hep e^entatives:
Sir- My situation compels me to apologize to
the House, and thiough >oti, to my constituents,
for my ab-ence licm my seat. While on my
way to my bonding house, after the adjournment
on the evening of the 26 n instant, 1 was way-
laid, and assaulted 11 the trust outiageous and
dastaidly mannei by John F Lane, a lieutenant
m tne army and son of the Hon A Lame, of
Indiana, fur no othei known cause than foi woids
spoken in debite some week  since, m leply to
his father on the floor of the House of ttepresent-
at.vts
1 had but a casual acquaintance with the person
nho committed this outiage, and no Mteicouise
whatever with him to had to this . ssault. A
blow fiom an iron cane wi h a leaden head, ac-
compar led the n &t no'ice of his intention to at-
tack me, and was lepeated by seveiul others, with
a violent e \vl k!i I icgiet to say, at this important
and piessi )g ¡icra d of the so^iy^ |->as eutuely
disabled me from liking my seel.
I have the honoi to be, sir, yout obedient ser-
vant,                                             JNO. EV\ 1NG.
Mr II1ESTCR moved to lay the communica-
tion on the table
Mr. MAYstid he understood that the President
of the United States had oideied an inquiry into
this subject.
Mr. HIESTER.at the request of several mem-
beis, vvitl diew his motion.
Mr. COULDiN doubted the propuety of insti-
tuting an ii quay on the part of tne House, if one
was already pi ogressing in anothei quaitei-------
Mr. ÍCINNAiíD lose to a question of oider.
The gentleman iiom Vnstnia [Mi. Boclbi\t] was
speaking of an mquny when none was demanded
by his colleague He had in his letter done what
he had a perfect light to do—apologized to the
House ami his consti'uents fo>* his absence at this
inteiestir.g period of the session. He had assigned
the cause which prevented his attendance. But
lie asked no inquiry; nor did he ask or desire the
protecioti oí the House. Mr. K would say for
his colleague that he was prepared and willing, on
fair terms, with any equal and honorable antago-
nist, to piotectand 'le end himself. Mi.K. wou'd
leave to othei members of more expenence than
himself to pioposesucn measures as might irsure
to tiie const tuents of a member his services on
this floor, if, in the estima'ion of this House,
theie h id been a breach of its pnvileges, and of
the lights of one of its membeis.
Mr. IIANNEG VN offered a lesolution for the
appointment of a select committee of seven mem-
beis, to mvest'gate the facts of the a'leged assault,
and that the sime be reported to the House.
Mi. BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution, which were
ordered.
Mi. CLAYTON moved on adjournment.
On this motion Air MERCER asked for the
yeas and nays.    Ordered.
Mi   CL \ YTON withdrew the motion.
Mr. C   P   WHirC renewed it.
Mr. W'SE demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 42, nays 156.
So the Flou^e refused to adjourn.
Mr HIESTER íenewed the motion to lay the
resolution and communication on the table. Ne -a-
tived—yeas 67, nays ¡28.
A debate oí some length, and much animation,
ensutd on the adoption of the reso'uhnn. It was
opposed by Mr POLK,and advocated by Messrs
HARDIN, HAMNEGAN.and EVANS, when
Mr STEWART moved the pi evious question;
which was seconded, ?nd agreed to.
The question being grithe adoption of the reso-
lution,
Mr. REED demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordeied, and weie—yeas 127, nays 63.
So the resolution was agreed to
Mr CAMBRELEiNG moved that the House
again go into committee on the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Aflairs
Mr RENCH ER moved an adjournment; winch
carried—ayes 114, noes not counted.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
MovdV, Maich 2, 1835.
M>\ RUGGLES piesented a joint lesolution of
the Legiclatuie of Maine, approbatory of the
couise of the Piesident of the United States in
i elation to (he Bank of the United States, and
instructing the Senatois fiom that State to use
their exei iions to have the resolutions of last ses-
sion, condemnatoiy of the President, expunged
from the Journal ot the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by the hands of Mr Donelsok,
his Private Secretary, communicating the cone-
spondence and instructions given to the pitsent
Minis'er to Spain, in pursuai ceof the resolutions
of the Senate of the 2J and 17th ultimo.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, fiom the Committee on Fi-
nance, repoi ted the bill from the House making
appropriations foi payment of Indian annuities
for the yeai 1835, with sundry amendments.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
the several amendments were agreed to
Mr. TIPTON offeied an amendment appro-
priating $612 to defray the expenses of Captain
Jewttt, commandant of Fort Armstrong, on the
Mississippi, the amount due him on account of
two suits prosecuted against him for seizing a
quantity of aident spiuts smuggled into the In-
dian country in violation of the act of 1802, to
regulate trade and inteicourse with the Indian
trioes. The amendment was agreed to, and the
bill was reported to the Senate as amended. The
bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and was
afterwards read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr S1LSBEE, the Committee on
Commeice had leave to sit during the sitting of
the Senate.
Mi. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House,
giantmg pensions to Thomas Ball and Colonel
Demel Newnan, without amendment, and that
the bill gianung a pension to William C. Beard:
oughunot to pass.
On motion of Mr FORTER, the Committee
on Private Land Cla.ms weie discharged fiom the
further consideration of the petition of the heirs
of J   B  Macaity
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. POINDEXTER offeied a resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Senate to supply
the members of the Sena'e with the volumes of
Gales & Seaton's Registei of Debates which "have
been published since the last distribution, and
a^ked the consideiation of the iesohition at this
time.
As the motion required unanimous consent—
Mr. HILL objected.
Mr. FRCLINUHUYSEN suggested that the
gentleman could obtain his object by moving the
consideia'ion of a resolution lying on the taole.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the Senate
took up for consideiation the resolution reported
by the Library Committee, directing the Secre-
tary to furnish those membets of the Senate who
have taken their seats during the present session,
with Gales & Seaton'á Rigister of Debates.
Mi. BENTON opposed  the motion, and de-
1*33.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
minded the yeas and nays upon tt, which were
ordered and are i>e follows.
\EAb — Messrs Bibb, Buchanan, Clayton,
Ewn , I rebnghuysen, Goldsborough, Knight,
Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Naudain ,Pomdexter,
Porter, Pietmss, Robbms, Smith, Southard, Swift,
Tiptop, Webster—20
NAY^>— Messrs Benton, Bla'-k, Cuthbert,
Hi I, Ktne, Ki"5 of Georgia, Linn, Morris,
Robinson, Shcpley, Tallmadge, White, Wright—
13
So the motion to consider wai agreed to
I he re^ol ition having been taken up—
Mi   PO'NDLXIER moved an amendment to
furnish each Senator wuri the volumes pubbsned
since the last uistribution
Mi BENTON opposed the amendment, and
aUied the yeas and nays upon its adoption, which
wee ordered, and it was agreed to by the follow-
ing volt
YEA.1-—Messrs Bell, Buchanan, Ewing, Tre-
nnghuywnjKetu, Knight, Leigh, Naudain, Pom-
dexter, Prentiss, Robbms, Southard, Swift, Tip
vOil, We bter—15                                                        j
N A\3—Meoars Benson,Black,Cuthoert,Hid, ,
Kane, King of Georgia, Linn, McKean, Morris,
''orter, Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, White—
14
Trie question being on the adoption of the reso-
lví ioi as amended, after some remarks from
Mcsis LEIGH, POKNDEXTER, BUCHAN-
AN, BCNfON, KING of Alabama, and IU1NG
ofGeoiga,
Mr LINTON moved its indefinite postpone-
ment, winch he afteiwaids modified, at the sug
gestión of Mr BUCHA3NAN, to a postponement
to the f r&t day of next session, and  aaked the
yeas ai J rays upon the motion, which were or- ,
d ied, and aie ¡io follows
YEAS—Messrs   Benton, Black, Brown, Bu-
cbanar, Cuthbert, Goldsborough Grundy, Hill,
Kan", Km? of Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn, I
McKcan, Morns, Robinson, Shepley,lailmadge,
Wl. te—18                                                                    I
\ VYS—Messrs Bel', Bibb, Clay, Clayton,
Ewing, Prelmghuysen, Kent, Knight, Leigh,
Ma  sum, Naudain, Pomdexter, Porter, Prentiss,
B-obuirs, bout! ard, Swut, Tipton, Webster—19  .
So the motion was disagreed to                             I
After some further remarks from Messrs PRE
LlNGUlASRN, BENTON, and POiNDEX-1
TCR, Mr BUCHANAN moved to lay the sub-i
ject oí), the table, winch was agreed to, on adivis- I
m—yeas 17, nays IT, the Chair voting in the I
a^imattve
CIVIL  AND  DIPLOMATIC  BILL               I
The Senate then resumed the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill                                              j
A l| the othei amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Pinai ce having been agreed to, that
proposing to striae out the salaiy and outfit of a
Minister to Great Britain was next considered,
when a debate of considerable length and much
inteie=t ensue), in which Messrs WEBSTER,
WRIGHT, CLAY, CLAYTON, BÜCHAN-1
AN, BiP.B, and TYLER, participated                    ,
Mr \V EBSTER then moved to amend the sec-1
tor befoie sinking out, by inserting a proviso,
" that the salary and outfit shall not be paid, un j
' le s siul M mister shall be appointed at the present |
' session of Congress, or in the recess, by and with |
'the advice and consent of the Seriate, first had i
' and obtained "                                                           I
Upon this ¡.roí osmon, Mr   CLAY asked the |
yeas and najs, which were ordeied            ,«rt,n    '
A'tei&omefurtberremarks,fiomMessrs WEB-
STER,   TYLER,   SHEPLEY,   CALHOUN,
KING of Alabama, and BLACK, the proviso |
wa' agieed to by the following vote
\ E Vb—Messis Bell, Bibb, Black, Clay, Cal-
hoi n, Clayton, Ewmg, prelmghuysen.Goldsbo-
iough,IIendnclvt.,Keni,Knight,Leigh,Mangum,
Moore, Nat dam, Poirdexter, Porter, Prentiss,
Pieston, Robbirs, Si bbee, Smith, ¡southard,
bwifH  romunson, Waggaman, Webster—28       |
NA"iS—Messis   Benton, Biown, Buchanan,
Cuthbeit.Giundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama,
King of Geoisrm, Linn, McKean, Moms, Robm- '
em U<1E te">,bheptey,Tallmadge, Tipton, Tyler,  ,
White, Wiuht— "0                                                      i
Mr  EWING proposed to strike out the itera
I for an outfit for a Minister to Spam, and asked
j the yeas and nays, which were oideiej
Mr CLAYTON was also in favor of striking
out, on the ground of there being no vacancy to
require an outfit                                                  '
I      Mr CLAY said as a proviso was intioduced
II  already into the bill which would show the Presi-
dent the opinion of the Senate in regard to the
I right of appointment during  the recess of Con
gress, he was in favoi of retaining the sum
Mr   CLAYTON then read a letter from the
Secretary of State, which had just been handed
him, stating that the present Minister to Spam had
! asked and obtained leave to return    Mi  C said
it v/as sufficient
I    Mr EWING then withdrew his motion
I     Mr  WRIGHT ofiered on amendment to the
section of the bill, making a prevision m favor of
I certain custom-house officers, anil placing them
1 on the same footing as before 1832, being a pro
vision similar to those made heretofore for that
object
[By unanimous consent the bill was suspended
I for the introduction of the following ]
,                  CON\ENTION  WITH   SPAIN
Mr   CLAY, from the Committee on Poreign
i Affairs,  by unanimous consent, reported a bill
from the House to carry into effect the conven-
tion between the United States and Spam, with an
amendment
The amendment provides, that the distribution
of the fund shall be made by the Attorney Gen-
eral, instead of a special commission    The amend
ment was agieed to, and ordered to be engrossed
The bill was then read the third time and passed
SUSPENSION or 17TH JOINT KUL"E.
On motion of Mr PORTER, the 17th joint rule,
which pievents bills being sent to the President
on the last day of the session, was suspended
The Senate then took a recess until five o'clock
EVENING SESSION
Mr SMITH, from the select committee ap-
pointed upon the letter of tne Hon Gi.orgePoin
dexter, made a report at length, concluding with
a resolution that not a shade of suspicion exists
that Mr Poi\dextek was in any way concerned,
directly or indirectly, m the late attempted assas-
sination of the President
The report was read, and the question being on
its adoption,
Mr WEBSTER asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered,and are as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Biack, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Cuthbert, Ewmg, Pre-
lmghuysen, Goldsborough, Grundy, Hendricks,
Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, King of
Geoigia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Moore,
Morns, Naudain, Poller, Preston, Robbing Rob
mson, Ruggles, Shepley, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard, Ssift, Tallmadge,Tipton,Tomhnson, Tyler,
Webster, White, and Wright—42.
NAYS—None
On motion of Mr SMITH, the uport and
accompanying documents were oiuered to be
printed
CI?TL AND dPLOMAT C BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the general appioprmtion bill
The amendment offeied by Mr W fight was
still further discissed by Messrs WRIGHT,
BUCHANAN, SILSBEE, KING, of Alabama,
and CLAY
Mr WRIGHT asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the amendment, which were ordered,
and are as follows
"i EAS—Messrs Benton, Black, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Cuthbert, Prelmghuysen, Grundy, Hill,
Kane, Kert, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Linn, McKean, Morns, Poirdexter, Preston,
Robinson, Ruggles, Shepi*/, Tallmadge, White,
and Wrignt—23
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Bibo, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kwnt, L°igh, Mangum, Moore, Naudan, Por-
ter, "Robbms, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Svift,
Tipton, Tomiinson, and Webster—22
So the amendment wes agie°d to
The bill was then leported to the Senate
Mi. CLAY asked the yeas and nays on le-
315
ceiymg the amendment oftsrej by Mr Wright
and adopted in Conmittee of the Whole, which
were otdered, and are as follows
YEAS—Messis Benton, B'ack, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Cuthbert, Fiehnghuysen, Grundy Hill
Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Geor-
gia, Linn, McKean, Poindester, Preston, Robin-
son, Ruggles, Shepley, Silsbee, 1 allmadge, White,
and Wngh'—23                                       b
NAYS,—Messrs B-II, Bibb, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, GoldsLorougn, Hendricks,
Ivmght, Leigh, Mangim, Moore, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Robbms, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton,
Tomiinson, Tyler, and Webster—22
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill was then, on motion of Mr WEB-
STER, stnl further amended by incorporating
| into the piovi&ions of a bill affording relief to
certain officers and -¡oldiers of the Viigmia line,
and of a bill to construct a road from Lyme creek
to Chattahoochee, and of a bill to confirm certain
land titles m Missouri, which bills had passed the
Senate Saturday evening too late to be sent to the
House
Ti e bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
was then read a third time and passed
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr PRESTOS moved to take up the resolu-
tion offeied by Mr Bentov for expunging from
the Journal ot the Senate the resolution condemn-
ing the Piesident, on which question the yeas and
nays were ordered, and are as follows
YEAS—Messis Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Cuthbert, HiU, Kane,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, McKean,
Mangum, Moore, Preston, Robinson, Ruggles,
Shepley, Tallmadge, White, and Wnght—21
NAYS—Messts Bibb, Black, Ewing, Golds-
Lorougn, Giundy, Hendricks, Kent, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, Naudain, Pomdexter, Poiter, Pren-
tiss, Robbing Smith, Southard, Swiit, Tipton,
Tomiinson, Waggaman, and Webstei—22
So the motion was lost
The following resolutions were offered
HARBOR or EAST THOMASTON.
By Mr RuGGLES
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause a survey to be taken of the harbor of
EastThoroaston,Mame,sofar as it may be neces-
sary to determine the practicability and propnety
of constructing a breakwater for the protection
of shipping, while lying vithm the harbor, also
an estimate of the probable expense of such
construction, that he make report thereof to the
Senate at the next session of Congress
LAND TITLES.
By Mr POINDEXTER-
Resolved,Thsit the reports of the commissioners
for adjusting land titles, made to Congiess since
the adjournment of the last session of Congiess,
be punted witn the documents in i elation to the
[ pubue lands, oidered to be punted at the last ses-
; sion of Congiess
1                       PRINTING JOURNALS
By Mr BIBB
Besomed, That the usual number of copies of
the Journals of the Senate be reprinted forthe usa
of the Senate, atranging the legislative anu exec-
utive Journals, in separate volumes, and that the
Set-retai y cajee to Le prepared and printed there-
with a copious index to each volume, and also an
analytical index in a separate volume
This resolution was laid on the tabic
PRINTING* LISTS Or PENSIONERS.
By Mi PRESTON
Resolved, That a list of the pensioners on tha
rolls in the Treasury Office be punted and dis-
tributed as heretofore ordered in regard to those
in the War Office, with the addition of the names
of the agents
HOUSE BILLS.
The following b,!ls from the House were con-
sideied in Committee of the Wnole, ordered to
be engrossed and read the third time, and were
passed
The bi'l for the relief of Franc sP St Cyr.and
the bill for the relief of Jared Buchanan were read,
and indefinitely postponed
i    The fo'iowing bids were read the fust and aec-
316                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            March 2,
ond time, ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time:
A bill for the relief of Samuel L. Asbury;
A bill for the relief of the children of Domimck
Lynch;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Page;
A bill for the relief of Peter Triplet!,
A bill for the relief of Stephen Gailm;
A bill for the relief of Lamed Swallow; and
A bill to regulate the pay of the officers of the
navy.
While the latter bill was under consideration,
Mr. HILL said, if the bill for raising the salaries
of the officers of the navy should pass, he would
consider it to be one of the most severe blows ever
inflicted on the American navy. As the sincere
friend of that navy he hoped the Senate would
pause before they inflicted this blow There is a
point beyond which the people will not go; they
are willing amply to remunerate every man in
their employ to the full amount of his services;
but they never will consent that deception shall be
palmed upon them.
I have (said Mr. H ) before me tables of the
pay of the officers of the French and the British
navy, and I will present them in contrast with the
pay of the officers of the American navy as it
stands before the passage of this law.
Mode of rating Ships in the Biitish Navy.
Fhst rate.   All ships with three decks.
Second rate.   Two deckers of 80 guns and up-
wards.
Third late. Ships of 70, and less than 80 guns.
Fowth la'e. Ships of 50,and less than 70guns.
Fifth jale Ships of 36, and less than50guns.
Sixth rate.    Ships of 24, and less than 36guns.
The other vessels in the following table, rank
in the seventh rank.

(J

* in all r
i íes the
same.

«a
O C3 CJ Cí CI CO CO ■""í' Ci

Oi



ra
t^oooincioco

©



mno -<—■
-"•i oo no -*-f •—i *

—1




•^n«CT*oocn

t-     -


O
if} CO MO W5 T t- 1* "-J" ií5

Cí



CQ
-i&






4Í
CI Ol Ol CI
1- CO CO -# CÍ

00

oo

tí
t^i-cpor-oooo

Ct

O) en


to go no •<# T-* *

r-t

-tf -^



t-



_C
iti mLr* lo "*? t> i- ^p ws

Cl

cocí

CO
-sft







** - * Oí Oí CM CO M *■*< Ci

,—

oo

OOOO
oooo=>

•**

<ji en

,_,_,_< -^
--I CO 00 -¡-r «-* #

CO

** ^f



O

C5 CD

¿3
t- l— mo MO O l— 1-- «"sf* *0

c*

Ci CM

¿o
=tf>







tOíO'JOCvííTíirriCO^CSt

CO

COCO
si

uíixji'O'rtowOO

uo

oo
s
CO CO CO —i
cr oo oo -* --H *

mo

t- t-.
g
r-i —. to co
•—i o oort



aa
§

OJOi^OOt-£-^iO

CO

CÍCÍ
S

CiCi







=1/3-.





££.

-«■^XirsíODcoí^^f^í

CO

iC iT
o
i2
OOhO
l-OOOO

t~~

*-■*  P-H
P
tí
Cicrxro —.
CO'jOTO'^H'f

en

cr en


WOOD   T




W

1^ C- (£> iO t© t^« !>■ *Ü-  0

CO

CÍ CM
 tí
CO
CtCi







-c*>





¿5

tOtOODCiCOCOCC^^iC^C^
t

iSi it}
<3J
to in i- o
oooooooo

t—( r-n
v

OCT-CO —
TOXOO^mw

*& j*



CTi (3- O -r-
O^OO'-O'-OCOO



T3
oo«;>ot-M^^ oio
^.
^

CiCi

CO CO





S3*

=<y*






OOOOGOOÍQO CO CO^CM'NÍCíd-iCO CI OiOD

■S
OOl'OCiO JOOOOfflO
V5 C^ Oí

tí
ci r-j co <-f
C> GO 00 -**< r-i —i




^■«ronuiooocoior



'O i*5 >-0 UO i- L- i~- ^ tfj iíÍ «0 <T CN
r-
Cid

OT
ro co























c   . 5
-•*...
.
*   •
•
. .

t5

;  •  * * c •
*     '.     I     *   3J0   *

•   •

* •

<
t*>    •    >>3
.   .   .   . 3   .
,
•   .
r-
*   *

tí
-"-"a      -


&-<   .

Í-    *


s|3l
¡rt -j o j, o  
is
c   •
«J   .



v ""s¡   <w   a>   «j   c
„   t-t. K,r r/i   „   „

a)
Tí



^O-H^


Pa / o/ifte Siitish Navy as established by an order in
Council, June 23, 1824, computing the Pound at
#4 44.
Admiral of the fleet, per annum.......§9,723 60
Admiral............................8.103 00
Vice Admiral........................6,482 40
Rear Admiral or Commodore, 1st class, 4,861 80
Captain of the fleet.................. 4,861 80
In addition to the above, every commander-in-
chief receives a further sum of §13 32 per day,
while his flag is flying within the limits of his
station.


OOOifJ«íiOOO




OCTiOt-CiCíOíO

© O <M V5 u*J

S   9
OOCítOtOtOuOCí

©Ci CJJCÍ Cí

O  O
Ci C5 c— O Oí M0 «o to

>Í-0^-(COCN

Ei 2
Otn-HOCÍCOOítO

rj- te co ■f ■"*•

a
COOÍC3 •«* t-i
l—(


Oí


03
5-ac
.   t   . *o   .
•
• ■


....








... to   .

.    .


•    *    *     









co     •-







02















-a







c







«í







O






























-£■
3







fa


*   •


....
o







í¿








OT
3
O ^






v¿














%>
hU  S






«
s.  *"







o
1   *   l *& ¡
•
* '


















•" a

—>Cj O    ' O *C
•    *


*    •    •     
ys
^ £
o o o  * o o
.    ,




b a
ooo ;oo
*   ■


•    •   •    •

J3   -
oi a
O





S
COCOCM        h
■"
; •


* • *. ;
£
■a s •
QOOOWIOOO

oooo ©
52
«•  a, §
OOOOfflWofJ

C5 *Nf Oí Cí Oi




?l tO-H COCÍ

a  2 £=
toe: <75 to —
1—(


■** CO CO ** -*ji

^ s B
CM -Hrt CM i-
H-í


es









i >

.     .     .   S3
*

Ul


•   .









0h

; : ; a,
,   •   •  <o
•   • a -a
*
"3   *
o
Ci


1 ;

tí
'^   3-5*1
•5  3  § ¡*   ¡
«ni  ,¿ s
-i 2 :
s       .
-3   <"    .
§1:
s á :
o
"S3
<u
ai


ai    ,
a •
o. ;
.3  •


s
tó   *
V.

QJ   ^-   m



o

0




0 o o o c
c c c  C  í
5   ES   «í    Bí    *
te
<3   C
►JO
§1
6D b
*-< ^**3 53
ais i


«   3Í   03    KS    -
ÜÜÜOh
09

-3^
■o 3
Incidental Jlllvwances.
Two dollars per week to officers attached to
navy-yards where there aie no quafteis Sta-
tioneiy is furnished, and all postages upon public
letters are lepaid to them. Thecabinsof the ships
are supplied with thepermanentfurnituie,deemed
fixtuies, as caipeti, tables, chairs, fbphas, side-
boards, dish covers, mirrors, &z The allowance
in lieu of cabin furmmie is for other small arti-
cles.
Fifteen cents per mile is allowed to cover the
expenses of tiavel'ing under oiders, to captains
and masters commandants by land, twelve cents
to all others; by water ten cents, and eight cents.
Where officers aie detained on duty at places
without their regulai stations, they are allowed, to
captains and master commandants thiee dollars
per day, «migeons, lieutenants, and other officers,
two dollars per day, during which their legular
pay and emolument? continue.
Ofliceis stationed at the seyeial navy-yards are
allowed a much higher compensation geneialiy
than when at sea—i capital defect in making an
efficient navy.
Ofliceis íetuining to the United States fiom
abroad have their pai^cge money paid to thorn.
Prizes.—If of equal or superior force, the whole
value is distributed among the offices and crews.
If of inferior force, one half to the United States,
and one half to the captors. Note —Individuals
fit out privateers for the prizes at their own ex-
pense.
Pensions.—Officers wounded are pensioned, and
if killed, their widows are pensioned.
PAY IN THE FRENCH NAVY.
Fi ernes.    jDoüs.
Maritime Prefects, per annum,
(commanders at sea-ports). ..21*600    4,050 00
Vice Admiral................18,000   3,375 00
Rear Admiral................12,000   2,250 00
Post Captain, 1st class......... 6,000   1,125 00
Captain, 2J class............. 5,400   1,012 50
Commander, (capitame de frig-
ate)........................ 4,200       787 50
Fust Lieutenant.............. 2,400       450 00
Second Lieutenant............1,800       337 50
Mate, 1st class...............     960       180 00
Midshipman, 2d class, and vol-
unteeis, no pay, except when
in service, and then..........     480         52 50
Master gunners and helmsmen,
1st class, per month,90f...... 1,080      202 50
Master gunners and helmsmen,
2J class, per month, 81f------     972      182 25
Capitamesd'aimes, 1st class, per
month, 81f.................    972      182 25
Capitames d'armes, 2d class, per
month, 72f.................     864       162 00
Master carpenteis, calkers, and
sail-makeis,    1st    class,   per
month, 81f................     972      182 25
Master carpenters, calkers, and
sail-makers,     2d   class,    per
month, 72f.................    864      162 00
Master armorers, 1st class, per
month, 60f.................    720      135 00
Master armoiers, 2J class, per
month, 54f.................     648      12150
One fifth of the above to be deducted when the
officers are on shore.
When at sea, the officers receive a dally mesa
allowance in addition, varying according to the
service or station on which they are to be em-
ployed.
The midshipmen (eleves) of the 2J class receive
no pay, except when in service.
Mr HILL continued. From these several
statements it will be seen that the pay of tRe offi-
cers of the navy of the United States, under the
law as it now stands, is bettei, much better, than
the pay either in the British or French navy.
Thus it will be seen that the commander of a
frigate in the French navy íeceives (besides a
mess allowance of about one fourth) $787 50, the
same commander m the British navy íeceives, in
full of all pay and emoluments, $2,213 56; while
an American commander, of the same grade, re-
ceives $2 170, besides other emoluments. Here
an offieet of this grade has at least equal pay to an
officer of the same grade in the British navy, and
nearly double the pay of the same grade of offi-
cers m the French navy. Yet the bill raises the
compensation of this officer from $3,500 as a min-
imum to $4,500 per annum as a maximum allow-
ance
But the pay of lieutenants is raised in still higher
proportion. A first lieutenant in the French
navy, exclusive of daily mess allowance, receives
while on sea duty $45U, a Biitish lieutenant, as
his highest and exclusive allowance, receives
$663 78; while an American lieutenant, of the
highest grade, receives JJ1.296 25, and of the low-
est grade #965 perannum, under the law as it now
stands. The new bill laises this pay of lieuten-
ants of the highest grade to §1,800, and even the
lowest is to receive $1,500 while on board ship.
This is more than treble the pay of French offi-
cers of the same grade, and nearly treble that of
the Biitibh service.
Take, also, the pay of the most numerous class
of officers. Midshipmen in the Fiench navy re-
ceive no pay except when in actual service, and
when in service, besides the daily mess allowance,
they recen e as piy only |52 50 per annum. Mid-
shipmen in the British navy receive, as their full
emoluments, §138 52.     American  midshipmen,

THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
undei the law as it stands, receive, as their lowest
allowance, Jal!) ~>5 I ne bill under considera-
tion «ives me same ofi er of the lowest grade,
when attacl eel to a ship, $40j per annum, and
even while at home, doing no seivice, the sum of
«,300 | ei annum The pay of midshipmen of the
i ti ei grade is carried in tne Amencan service
to ilie am' nr>t of $750 per annum
0 her olhcer^, it wi 1 be seen by the table I
hue pi eseuteJ, present a still gi eater discrepancy
'I n is the commander of a yard is raised from
£,4 0b6 7) to $4,500, masters commandant ft on 
¿I d)G 25 to s<¡ o 0, chaplains from £CC2 CO to
*>! 2 i<J ¿unite s, boatswains, san maker , and car-
ptntei-, liom 5422 50 to $750, &x
( om tied with tlie salaries ot the highest civil
rlicers in most of the States of tie Union—wi h
the suLries of the highest judicial officers rerjuir
it ge-q ensive education anU p.epi rition—the pay
ot tl e officers, ot tne American i avy vvih be enoi-
mous, if the bill passes, it is out oi proportion to
all other c< mpensa i m ti) th s country, ¡ ublic or
private It the g ea est enemy oe t íe navy had
med tated the greater injury to the serv ce, he
could not have devised a moie effectual method of
doing it than ihe passage of such a bill as this
lhe people cannot, they will not, stand such
a stitde in advancing puuhc salaues, as is sine
Honed I y this navy bi 1 What was the condition
ot the olficer of the navy tlurms; the U e war
with G eat Butain > At that n , wt-ile they
v tre f^htit <r and covenrg thems"lves with ¿lory
— ivtme they could not get from the iripovtished
tieisi y of theiiationthesmaherpay mat was heir
cu-— nev Uil not ask to have thei>- oay laired,
even v  I en tne cunenc/was depieciated Bat
now a new race seems to have arisen in ti e
na/y, he knows not Joseph—an irlluerce v Inch
cones fiom the higher grade, not the labeling
c i sts of sicieiy lhe lush for n dsli>pmen's
beiths in lhe navy, for many jta s, has been
f,reai, even with the low corioens tion t at the
present law affords The sons ot rich men, or
ot g- eel pojr ríen, not lhe boi e and muscle
of the countrj , are the most numerous seekers
of f laces as miuV í^men m the ravj, nundieds
of nil íes aie still on the list as seekes for the
f 1 ice= The rumber has been increased until prob-
ab y not o íe filth are in active employ And is this
the time to raise the pay of the Boys in the navy '
1 he midshipmen in the Trench and British navy
1 ave scarcely sufficient pay to purchase clothing,
then youth go n to the seivice with the sole ¡ ros
[ eu of reiurce on their own exertions The
rtili ncin youth wl o entei the service receive
pay bo h whiie out of and while 11 the sen ice sufi-
t "lit i i ^upennduce 1 a'us ot dissipation Can
tl ei-oea doubt in wh ch seivice wid ultna'elj
c m late su, eno-nty or elevition of chaiac ei'
Ib  whol" linease of pay of orcéis ot tbe
navj by the bill, I am informed, v i 1 be to the
amount of three hundred thousa d dol'us per °n-
i um 1 íe addition to the pay of theeoi is of lieu
tena ts clone, it is sud, will exceed one bundled
the j ai d doi us A 11 th s, too, vt nen k is said
starcely oi e filih of tne onVets ot the navy are in
actual service Could theie bea moieonfoitunate
tu íe to i itioouce such a I'll as thi<-
lhe bill Ins bee" carn-J in one branch by an
al nu i exclu ivepait) vote on one side, u ith j  t
ti ish i! tl e o'her side to overba'ance h« ques
i n Fins has been dole, a  1 I ebeve, when man j
(t         e who vo ed n  favoi ot the bill did not un-
dei uid tli'  extent of the mcrea-e of piy There
' i j tn iitiul mi in t lat blanch since tne bill
I i et'.thu ii 'uces the Senatoi fro n New Jei
t-V [ )i •• imii dJ nov/ to siy the bill will be
1 s , i i lull be air ended so as to nc'ude the
i i e s oi tl e maimes aid make 11 em eqaa! to
l ise of the na/y I he Senate wi 1 not suf'ei this
In I t > g i back to the House It m ght h  ve been
I tie pas ed under entreaties and perso ml appli
cuions t r ihose mteiesteu it is my belief the
bi 1 won d i ot again pass that boi'j Its great
f lend here \v II not Hwn tiust the bill out of the
Stiatc ' I all legiet hereafter if it shall be seen
ti at i íe e<le t < I raising the salanes of tl e officeis
(f lie ii. j at a time when tl ere is a geneiai
1 e s on tl e "-e retirv. of tire Nivy to <-et pi ices
i tin sjvi c, wi 1 lev ei the estniat on nwhich
t i t 11 ii lii ol ti e pubnc seivae is held by the .
1 mi ie c f the United btates                                          '
The following Home bdls were taken up, con-
sidered as m the Committee of the Whole, ordered
to be engrossed, and afterwards read a third time
an I passed
i     A bilUor the relief of Joseph Gilbert,
I     A bill for the relief of John Gorodel'e,
I      A bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
I  Morgan, of lenressee,
A bill to render permanent the mode of supply-
mg the army, and fixing the salaries of clerks in
! the Commissary General's office,
A bill making appropriations for certain bea-
cons, light houses, and buoys, for the yeai 1835,
A   bill  supplementary to  Hie act. tu extend a
lateial branch of the Baltimore and Ohio lailroad
into the cny of Washington,
I     A bill granting a pension to Justus Cobb, and
Several bills severally gran'mg pensiors as fol-
lows  to Thomas Swartwood, Benjamin Holland,
William Wileges, Isaac Eckwrgut, Cphraim F
Gilbert, Captam Cole, an Indian ch ef, Solomon
Case, George C  Seaton, Justus Cobb, Benjamin
Leslie, Wm  Baden and James Harrington, Sam-
uel bhelmerdine, Abraham E Boutweland David
Pearson, John Moore, John  Bryant, John T
Wiley, William Lawrence, f omas Bill, Joseph
Mead, Noah Miller
A bill granting a pension to Luke Vorhise
was indefinitely postponed
MILlTAfU   JjOJ-ITY  SCRIP.
Mr POINDEXIER moved to t->ke up ihebill
extending tne time for issuing s<-np for Um ed
S ales military bounty land wai rants, wmch was
disagre d to
R \ ER A1ND HARBOR LILL
Mr S1LSBCC, from the Committee on Com-
merce, icported the bill fiom the House making
ap¡.ropriaiions foi the D-laware breakwater, and
for ceriam hai bors, f r tiie yeai  1835
On Mr   SILSBLE'S motion, the Senate pro
ceeded to consider the bid, as in comrni tee ot the |
whole, aid the amendments having been  gone
through with,
Mr TIPTON offered an amendment, appropn   |
attng §10 000, to be app led ui Jer the direction pf
the Secittary of Wai, to the construction of a
harbor at Mich gan City, moutn of b rail creek, on
i Lf ke Michigan
Mr f said he felt it his duty to propose this
amendment to the bi'l He made a similar propo-
sition last sessior , but i failed, as h* understood,
in consequer ce ot no sui vey lnving been made ot
the proposed hurboi \ sorve/, ho vever, was
made last fall, by an officer of the engineer corps,
whose report wis ••ef  led sjme weeks a«o to the
Committee on Commerce and Mr P said he was
ir'brn ed by the honorable crauman [Mr Sils- |
bi.e] trnt the coran ittee wou'd i ot consent to
1 amend tins bi 1, as it provided only for the piose-
ct tion of wo! ks already commenced That there
weie siniiiai propos tions befoie them then that
the committee cetemi led to u ach to a bill that
vas expected fiom the H^use, providing for new
works He deei ¡ed it unfo túnate that he had to
encounter the unan mous opposition ot the com-
mittee, it might üefea hi^ proposii t n, bat would
not prev ent hm from ilom  his duty lie was told
last jeai this luiborwasno' survev ed and now, to
* wan tul a bu car  rom tne other House Did
n it honorable gen lemen know t1 at af this late
hour no othei bill nt°d be expected from the
otherllouse' Mi T said he! eaid ci Is from all
sides to withdr w the amei dment, and fie woulJ
i'i so if he could, cot s tent with daty but he
tould lot, and would rot su lender the ngl-ts of
those he had the honor til part to represent here
He begged bono able Senatois to recollect that
Indiannhad no other hai bors to in provebut this.
Pew States wen thus si uateil Puin to your
statu'e book, anu you wilt fi id that no session of
Congress passes, witnout appiopnating money for
ev iy other S ate What has been done for Indi-
ana > We ask nothmg as a boon, but claim this
appropriation as a mat er of n^lit
Harbors have been constiucted at every creek
and inlet on the eastern sea boaid, on Luke Erie,
and almost ail other! ik s 1 his town, Michigan
City, although new, is a p'«ce of immense busi
ness     Many of i s  citizens are  business men, I
I possessing; luge cam als.and have embaiked in
' comraeicialenterprise wi hgieatspint     Between i
sixty and one hundred lake vessels arrived at thw
11 port last sunmer    1ms number will no doubt
i be doubled the next season      The goods con-
sumed m the north part of Indiana, and a part of
I Illinois and Michigan, will oe landed at this point
I as soon as the harbor is in a condition to protect
the commerce of the place     Appropriations are
made each year to construct a harbor at Chicago,
fifty miles west of Trail creek, and another is also
expected for the St  Joseph's river, forty five
miles northwest of our harbor.   Mr T said he
voted with pleasure for the construction of har-
bors, and would not now complain, could he
obtain what is ju«t for his own State   Every dollar
laid out to improve harbors on Lake Michigan,
turns the business to those which are most secure,
thus, by improving that at Chicago, you substract
from the business and the value of our property
at Michigan City     He wished to be libeial to his
neighbors, butcould not consent to vote for others,
to the neg'ect of his own constituents    Having
presented theamendmeni and his views, he asked
the yeas and nays, in order that by recording his
vote, his constituents might see that he had done
his duty     If.voted down, he would yield to the
decision of the Senate as gravely as any Senator
could, who felt that a portion of his constituents
I were operated upon unjustly     The yeas and nays
] were ordered, and the amendment was disagreed
to, by the following vote
YF VS—Messrs Benton, Blavk, Goldsborough,
i Hendricks, Kane, Kent, Linn, Robinson, Tipton,
Tomhnson, Vv ebster, White—12
NAYS—Messrs    Biob,   Buchanan, Clayton,
, Ewms:, Hill, lung of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum,
' Naudain, Pomdexter, Prentiss, Ruggles, Shepley,
Silsbee, Sou hard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tjler—18
Aftei the consideration of executive business,
the Senate, at eleven o'clock, adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monoay, MuichZ, 1835
Petit ons and memorials were presented by Mr
HUBBARD, of New Hampshire,
Messrs BAYLIES and PHILLIPS, ofMassa-
chusctl s
Messrs DICKSON and HARD.of New York,
Mr  BANKS, of Pennsylvania,
[Mr Banks presented a memorial signed by
citizens of West Greenville, Mercer county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that a law may be passed abol-
ishing slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia and the Territories ]
Messrs CEIINNand MASON, of Virginia,
Messrs   INGE and DUNLAP, of Tennessee;
Mr REYNOLDS, of Illinois,
Mr LYON, of Michigan,
M- VINTON, of Ohio
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately disposed of
On motion of Mr PLUMMER, several peti-
tions heretofore presented by him in relation to
the public lands were ordered to be punted
The following resolution, offered by Mr Clat,
from the Committee on Public Lands, on the 3d
Pebruary was taken up, read, considered, and
agieed to, viz
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to cause an estimate to be made of
the probable expense of constructing a levee on
the public land on the western bank of the Mis-
sissippi an 1 the southern bank of Red river, in
the State of Louisiana, also, an estimate of the
eypeise of constructing levees on, or removing
obstructions from, the nveis of Aikansas and
Missouu through the public lands, wherever
they may be necessary, together with the proba-
ble advantages oi disadvantages of such works,
respectively, the probable effects upon the health
and prosperity of the country in which any of
such works may be constructed, and the probable
quantitv, quality, and value of land belongmg to
the United ¡stat«s, which will be reclaimed by the
constitution of any such levees, and make report
thereof to the next Congress
On motion of Mr BEATTY,
R solved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of directing payment to oe made to the heirs of
Captain Reuben Waggener, of the amount due
318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
him for services as an officer and private in the
Virginia State Une, or Continental establishment,
and that said committee inquire into and ascertain
the amount, if any, in money and land due to the
said heirs for the revolutionary services of Captain
Waggener, either as an officer or private soldier,
and report to this House the resultof said inquiry
0<i motion of Mr. C P. WHITE,
Resolved, That ten thousand copies be printed
of the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
lespecting the commerce and navigat.on of the
United States for the year ending September 30,
1834, when the same shad be received
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported, with amendments, the bi'l from
the Senate in relation to the public deposites,
which was commuted, and the amendments
ordered to be pnn'ed
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the,iehef
of the legal íepresentatives of Doctor Absalom
Beard, deceased, which was read twice and com-
mitted
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were discharged fiom the further consideration of
the bill from the Senate to suspend the operation
of certa n provisoes of the act to aaei and amend
the several acts imposing duties on imports
The amendment repoited by the Committee of
Ways and Means was then negatived, and the bill
was lead the third time and passed
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the suieties ol
Nicholas Carter, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Upon the motions of Messrs CLAY, MUH-
LENBERG, BROWN, POLK, McliNTIRE,
and SCHENCK, the standing committees, to
which they belong, were discharged from the
ftuther consideration of various petitions and sub
jects which hid been leferied to them
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The report made by Mr. HAMER, from the
Judiciary Committee, on the subject of the public
printing, came up for consideration
The reading of the report having been con-
cluded,
Mr. WILDE moved to lay the report and mo-
tion to print it on the table
Mi. HUBBARD demanded theyeas and nays
Oidered
Mr WILDC withdrew his motion, when the
repoit was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed
WEST POINT ACADEMY
The repoit of the select committee on the West
Point Academy was ti'ien up, the quesfon being
on a motion to recommit the iepoit
After some suggestions by several members in
regard to the disposition of the íeport,
Mr H HALL (who was entitled to the floor
when the subject was last before the House) rose
in support of the motion to recommit After
speaking a short time, and without concluding,
he gave way to
Mi CAMBRELENG, who moved that the
House proceed to the consiJeiati )n of the orders
of the day, which earned—ayes 118, noes not
counted.
CUMBERLAND RO \B.
Mr McKENNAN moved to suspend the rules
of the House, so as to pioceed to th* consideration
of the bill iiom the Senate for the continuation
and repai-s of the Cumbeiland road, but tie
House ieiu=ed
ExrCUTIVD COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPE4.KCR laid Le/ore the House a letter
from the Seeietary of Wai, transmuting a repoit,
pursuan' to law, of the persons employed m the
Indian depat'ment, wmch was laid on the table
t.nd ordered to be f rinteü
The SPEAKER laid before the House a Hter
from the Po'-'mastei General, transmitting a list
of unorouuctiie mail iouie% wh'ch wis laid on
the table a>ij o dered to 1 e pnn'ed
lies \tio%-, \\ rrn rRAf-CE.
Mr CAMDRELLNG mov.d .o dischdige 'he
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
fiom the further consideration of the report and
resolutions of the Committee on Foieign Allans,
on the subject of the relations with France
On this motion Mr WILDE asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and were—
yeas 104, nays 92
So the motion prevailed.
The report and resolutions bung before the
House,
Mr J a ADAMS said he had, on Saturday,
accepted the amendment of the gentleman from
Viigm.a, [Mr Arciilr,] as a modification of his
first resolution, but he begged to state, that he
wished a dir°ect vote upon his resolution, if the
amendment of Mr Archer should be rejected
Some ounveisation ensued upon the question
before the House, and after an explanation fiom
Mr MASON, of Vugima, #ho was in the chair
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on Saturday,
The SPEAKER informed the House that
the question would be on the amendment of Mr
Archer fiist, which is as follows
"Resolved, That in the just expectation that the
' Government of Fiance will have made provision,
' or will make provision for carry • g into effect
' the stipulations of the tieaty of indemnity with
' that Government of the 4 h of July, 1831, this
' House will foibearat the present time to adopt
' any measure in relation to that subject "
[The resolutions reported by Mi OambreleísG,
from the Committpe on Foreign Afiiirs, together
with the substitute proposed by Mr J Q. Aduis,
will be found on pege 309
Mr E EVERETT, who was entitled to the
floor, then addressed the House He said it was
not his intention originally to have said a word
on this subject, notwithstanding the situation he
occupied asa member of the Commit'ee on Foreign
Affairs He had had an opportunity of submit-
ting hi3 views to the House in a íeport, which it
had ordered to be printed, and, moreover, the state
of his health would not permit him to encounter
the fatigue necessary to make his voice heard in
that Hall In addition to this, theie was another
reason operating with greatei force upon his
mind, and that was, that it was almost impossible
to discuss this subject, whatever might be the
views of gentlemen on one side or tie other,
without saying that which, perhaps, lad better
not be said, for the public in'erest at home or
abioad He should be very bnef, for he felt how
pi eeious the time of the House v. as
When this question came before the Committee
on Fnieign Allans at the beginning of the session,
it v as on the recommendation of the Pi«sident of
the United States of an act of Congress oulenng
repii pis to Issue upon the comme ce of France
Mr E deemed that recommendation inexpedient
to be adopted !f the measure were expedient of
itself, what could be more inexpedient than to-
give the adveise paity timely notice of it,so as to
enable 1 mi to an icipate it? It was evident that
a n jjority of the committee thought with Ml E
on that pom', aid he considered it desirable that
a iepoit should be made theieon,m oidei that the
efiectof thit leeommendation might be counter
acted abroad The last despatches of Mr Liv
ingston showed the p opuety and justice of such
a course The mojonty of the committee, how-
ever, did not coincide, but tnought it expedient
not to report 1 hus the mattei stood till about a
week ago, when a leso'ution, substantially the
same as that now reported from the committee,
was pioposed in committee He understood the
cla'rman theieof [Mr Gavibreieng] to state the
other day that he had found it difficult to collect
the sense of the minority of the commu'ee on that
resolution Mi E had himself stated, over and
ovei again, that so far as the resolution went to
insist upon the obligation of the treaty, he fully
concurred in it, but he was distinctly opposed to
that part of it which went to shut'hedooi against
a'l negotiation In truth, he d.d not think it de-
suab'e that any resolut or atall should be adopted
by tie House, for he thought it exceedingly dif
ficult, if not nv >ossible, to frame any resolution
vh.cn the llou^e wou'd piss with ur auim.ty, and
v Inch it v ould 1 e J<_s i ib'e it should pass On
one occasion, vvl en tnc | en was piu into his hand
Jul   toe purpose of diafung suvh a icbolution as
he would be willing to have adopted, he declined
doing so, on the ground t'iat he telt himself inca-
pable of drafting such a resolution as l,e deemed
expedient, and tnat the House would adopt The
one presented to the House he i ever gave his
asseitto, nor had he concealed h.s opinions on
the subject m the committee There was then no
other course left to the minority but that which
they had adopted They set forth that the rec-
ommendation of reprisals was not concuired in
by the committee The same was the opinion of
Mr Livingston, who gaveitas his opinion that the
Tiench Chamber of Deputies would pass the bill
of appropuation, if Congress should not pass any
act of reprisals. This was the first point to which
the attention of the minority had been turned.
The next thing to be done was to show that, in
standing upon the treaty, we were not standing
upon a meie piece of paichment, but upon a bas a
of truth and justice, and that upon that ground we
would insist upon the stipulations of the treaty
The thud was the pioposmon embraced in the
President's last message, viz a recall of our Min-
ister from Fiance, and it was upon this that the
majority and minority of the committee mainly
differed. These views were fully set foith in the
report of the minority, which had been directed
to be pointed by the House
Thefouith point was, that at the present session
of Congress it was inexpedient to do any thing
further in legislation—leaving it to the considera-
tion and deliberation of the next Congiess Tt is
was his sentiment, his feeling, and judgment, but
■t was rot his resolution, nor did he submit ¡t as
such Mr E objected to the resolutions under
consideration for many reasons The words, "at
all hazards," he thought were supeifluous It
was always sufficient to use the woid " insist" till
theopoositeparty lefused He thought theformer
expiession rash, and uncalled for by the dignity
of the subject The resolution of the gentleman
fiom Virginia [Mr Archer] emoraced the senti-
ment of the minority. It was the serse of the
House, and ot the nation at lai¿e, that the treaty
should be insisted upon
The next question was a3 to the p dicy to be
pursued, and this was the most delicate question
of all lie was for moisting upon the treaty at all
hazards, but he was not foi enfoicing the tieaty at
all hazaids He was foi avoiding every thing of
an irritating character L was said ve could not
neonate iuithei, and thit far her negotiation
would not ensuie our insist.ng upon the treaty
He was at a loss to s*e the foice of this objection
In 1781 we negotia'cd, and in the negotiation in-
sisted upon our independence, and secured and
maintained it Supposingnegotiation failed Why
then h  would not go to war till ev- ry other ex-
pedient had been tued Commeicial restrictions
in favor ot Fiance might be removed If this
failed, we m ght go a step farther We might r.d
ouiseives of the contention of 16*22, and then we
might t ass i nor intercouiseact And if all filled
what shouid we tl en do' Still insist upon f>e ex-
ecution of i he treaty How, rfter every peaceful
lemedyhad fai'ed? There hf wot Id sop He
wou'd not look into the future The fortunes of
nat ons were subject to vicissitudes wh.ch no man
could foresee He would'eave that contingency
■ to a future Congress That was the last day but
one that his voice would, peihaps, be evei heaid
in that flail, and as a farewell sentiment, he would
tell 'hen, foi heaven's sake, to preserve peace
He was m the minority, but he appealed to the
majoi ty, as they puzed the esteem of their fe|.
'ow citizens, to preserve peace 11ns he would
say.to the President of the United States, if a
voice which 1 ad nevei ilatteied nor vilified could
reech his eais He respectfjlly abjured the Presi-
dent, whose J ower was greatei than that of any
Emperor or King in Chribtei do ), to pieseive
peace He admired, as did his íespected colleague,
th  spirit of the Pres dent, but moderation, pru-
dence, and discretion, veie qualities required in
such a crisis as this A prudent and temperate,
as well as a firm and decided course, was what
would best carry the country through, with honor
and glory, in a cusís hke the present
Mi ALLEN, of O-iio, followed in an argum rt
of muuh spiut and energy, and at gieat length, in
support of the reso't tions appended to 'he íeport
of the Gominutee on I oreii n Allan      ile vv^i I!
1 o35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
favor of the strongest expression of opinion pro-
posed He contended as a. point which had not
been dwelt upon by any of those who had preceded
hira, that theie was no propriety in waiting for
the French Chamber of Deputies to reject the aD-
propriation for indemnity under the treaty, as that
body had aheady once rejected it Should we
wa't for a reoetition of the wrong befjre we sought
redress.? He urged that the French Government
had throughout treated the subject with insincerity
and injustice
[Mi    A 's remarks will be published in full
hereafter ]
Mi LOVE was understood to be opposed to
the adoption of any resolutions; for before the re I
su|t of the deliberations of that House could be
known at Pans, the French Chamber of Deputies '
wul have finally acted upon the subject. He saw
no utility in passing either the resolutions or the
amendment, because he believed there was but
one sentiment pervading the whole country upon ¡
this sub¡ect, and that sentiment was that they
would abide by the treaty. However we mi"ht
d ffcr as to our opinions, and the manner in which
our views should be carried out, he was v/ell '
assured that the opinion was general that we
should abide by the Chief Magistrate, in asserting
what was due to the honor and dignity of the na- |
tion The best time to express our opinions
would be when theappiopriation should be a«ked
for, aid he should then express himge'f in a much
stronger manner than now Al! proceedings now
wete incipient He should be willing to vote for
any sum that the organ of the Executive and that
II luse should deem necessary to anpropnate for
the pin, lose of enforcing ¡ustice The resolutions
bf Tore the House were idle, and a mere consump-
tion of time He was for taking a ground that
should at once show the world what we intended
to Jo                                                                               ,
M'   L  took that occasion also to sav that he
dissented totally from the opinion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr  Adams,] that the
course of our Minister to Pans had merited entire
approb-tion, by remaining in that Metropolis after
be hid been notified that his passports wee íepdy
for mm     Mr   L  thought, on the contrary, that
his conduct on that occasion was lather of the i
character which he regretted to designate as dast- I
aully and cowardly, and such as the country ought I
not to submu to     He thought our Minister should
have acted very differertly, and he was borne out
in this oniiiion by the Pie&ident himself, who in-
forms him " that he should have felt no surpnae,
and certainly would have expressed no displeas-
uie, had you yielded to the impulse of national I
piiue and at once have quitted Tiance, with the I
who'e legation, on the receipt of the Count de I
RgiyS note of the 13 h January "                         '
Mi L said he consilered t'^e notification sent
to Mr Livingston as a ditect insult, and that that
Minister would have better cons-dered the honor
and digni y of the country by m&tant departure
out of the country. A strange reason was as-
signed <"or hio not having done so, that he ought
not to leave Paris on account of the expense of
bieakmg up the delegation ' What an e\traor-
i'imiy Te?«on for the Minister of this great coun-
try' lie himself invites a war message, and when
he leones i', he is governed by the construction
p u upca it by the newspaper^ ' So when a gen '
tl m\n is oidered out of the house, he is to leply,
" I will not take thehiat'" Was there an Amei- f
lean in the world who would thus hi'e acted'
Mi L fuul.er condemned the condjet of Mr
Lmng ton, and sud he was not for war, if it could
lie avoided, pertiuilaily with our ancient friend
and illy He h«d a veneration for hei people,
. I'nou^-h herould not say much tbout liei piesent
Ivn -, but he lemembeied with giatitude and ven-
trvin tl.it King who aided us in effecting otu
n (le| endeiue He would nevei fight France for
money, it would be mercenaiy, and S"th a one
ts he hoped vould never be heard urging on our
se unen to \ictoi y                                                         '
Mi   McDDWELL MOORE said it was true >
that  one Cnambei  of Deputies could  not bind (
ano her, and even if they had paid nine outof ten
ninthie#s, they might w ithold  the tenth,  but
then they must take the corre-) lences     He must
h ild the I lench nation as responsible fc. toe acts j
ot the Iivccuuvt oe Fiance    He ' eld that the h
moment the treaty was made by the treaty making
Power, the nation was bound by it. It the Ex-
ecutive had transcended its powers, or had made
a treaty founded in gross injustice, the Chamber
might then justly refuse to ratify it, but the one
under consideration was of a different character.
He was not for plunging the country into a war
heedlessly and precipitately; but if it was ascer-
tained that France had resolved not to pay the
debt, he would stop short of nothing that became
the honor and dignity of the country. He cared
not about the power of France, if the honor de-
manded the contingency, let it be met, the greater
the disparity the greater the g,ory He was for
insisting for a full and prompt execution of the
treaty. Mr M concluded by reading a resolu-
tion he intended to propose to that effect.
Mr   EVANS addressed the House at some
length m reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Allen,] and upon the general question.   He was
opposed to any hostile measures, and was in favor
of the resolution proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia,  [Mi.  Archer]    He considered this
resolution as the most pacific and proper to be
adopted on the occasion.    He entered into a his-
tory of the treaty with France     He hoped that
the House would avoid any declarations predicated
upon a contingency which might never happen
He contended that the present difficulty was attri-
butable principally to the menaces held by the
President in his last annual message.   This mes-
sage, he conceived, presented the chief obstacle I
to an amicable adjustment of th'S question.    He
contended that there was po consideration which J
called for any action on the part of Congress, :
until the decision of the French Chambers should ¡
be ascertained                                                              |
Ml SUTHERLAND agreed with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lttle] that the Fiench
Government had no right to take umbrage at the
message of the President. She w?!> the aggressor,
and the President had done no more than his duty
m presenting the subject to Congress in the light
in which he viewed it. Mi S said, he highly
respected the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr Ev erett] who addressed the House
this morning. He was about to retire from Ins
legislative duties, ani would leave it with the
esteem of all parties, and not least for his mild,
moral, and liberal views which he entertained upon
the question under consideration, yet he regretted
the feeling in which that gentleman had reflected
on the course of the President. He was the head of
our Government, discha-gmg its functions in the
spiutof duty, and as such commanded our respect
and support
Fiance had entered into an engagement with us,
and had failed to fulfil her saeied  pledges.    It
became the duly of the President to present the
facts to us, with his own views of them.    He
had  done so with candor, d'gnity, aid firmness. .
It had been mged t'iat the PiesiJent acted under |
the undue influence of our Minister to Prance, |
(Mr  Livingston )   Such an influence had never,
existed     The Chief Magistiate was bound to lay
all tl e facts before the county     It was requned '
that the treaty on our pait should  be sanctioned
by oui Senate   This was done, and when France
was advised of that fact, why did she not confirm '
it on her p rt5    Mi. S  said emphatically that I
Trance mtis' pay this stipulated indemnity, and
when he said she mast, he indicated the relative
position in which the Uvo nations stood     ft was
a contract winch mUu.t be fulf'led, ai d few in this
country would  be fourd recreant >i sipport of
that posiuon.    He deemed it totally unnecessary
to say "at all h.zirds.'Me cared not for the
words, when he said s^e mu<f, he said a 1     The
present penod was distinguished  fnr its pacific
policy     By ihis expie«bion of o ir opinon, we
¡summon  Trance before the cruized woild, and
public opinion would stump its veto on the whole
couise rf her fligrant np.stice towards us     She
had taken with avidity all the advantages secured ,
to her by tl e treaty, in the mtioduction of her
wines and silks, but when you come to the indem-1
mty, that is the pecumaiy pait of the treaty, and
cannot be earned into effect by her Deputies',
Tne French derive about half a million of dollars 1
in  her commerce, ($200 000 on her wines, and I
about .,300,000 on her silks,) on the strength of i
the treaty, and thui íefuse to fulfil their part of I
the contract. How could Trance look us or the
world m the face, with groes injustice branded
upon her fame? We had been'told that we had
nothing to do with national honor' It was the
first time he had ever heard that strange doctrine
promulgated. He would tell the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] that there was in thrs
country a strong and unconquerable spirit of
national pride; not, indeed, the spirit that'cieated
strife between crowned heads, but that elevated
policy which wojtld induce us propeily and
promptly to meet every emergency in which the
honor of a country or an individual could be
involved The people of this country would insist
on the fulfilment of the treaty to the uttermost
letter It was right that they should do so; for if
it were in'"racted with impunity, every puny Gov-
ernment in Christendom would turn up its nose
with scorn and contempt at our system of passive
obedience and non resistance. He did not believe
there was a man in this countiy who would go to
war for the paltry sum of five millions in contest.
No; it was the honor and dignity of our national
character that prompted the patriotic feeling which
pervaded the community. Much had been said
of the blood that was to be shed in this contest.
He did not believe that any blood was to be shed;
but if it was, it would be better to meet the crisis
like men, than to crouch like slaves.
Mr. CLAYTON said the House were acting
upon a report of the Committeeon Foreign Affairs,
founded upon information furnished by the Pres-
ident of the United States Now, if they weieto
act upon reports of newspapers, or to travel out
of the record, they would be acting in a manner
unbecoming the dignity of the subject. He ob-
served, also, that it was not those who spoke the
loudest who were the most brave, and it generaly
happened that the wai party in peace were the
peace party in war They should also remember
that they themselves would never be called upon
to face a gun, and they weie in the situation of
waging war for others. Mr C. contended that
there was no necessity for it What was the pres-
ent situation of affairs with Frances What said
the French Government > Hear the language of
the Foreign Minister of France.
" The King's Government, though deeply
' wounded by imputations to which I will not give
' a name, having demonstrated their purely gratu-
' ltous character, still does not wish to retreat
' absolutely from a determination already taken,
' in a spirit of good faith and justice. How great
' soever may be the difficulties caused by theprov-
' ocation which President Jackson has given, and
' by the irritation which it has produced in the
'public mmd,it will ask the Chambers for an
1 appropriation of twenty-five millions, in order
' to meet the engagements of July 4th."
Here, then, we have a distinct assurance from
the French Minister that the bill would be pre-
sented Mr. C o'so read further extracts from
the despatches The'Minister had given an as-
surance that if Congress failed to act on the rec-
ommendation of reprisals, the bill would be submit-
ted, and no doubtpassed. Mr C. also maintained
that the French Mnvstry had acted up to the
pledges of the King to Mr. Livingston. How
could Congress consistently act upon this subject
when every thing had been done that could be
done' We now stood as h gh as we could We
had foifeited nothing, and should we descend from
th#U lofty elevation we h«d rea"hed ' He, for one,
had no disposition to commit the nation The
man of tru= courage never committed himself, but
waned silently, patiently, and with confidence,
with a pel feet determination to meet tne crisis
when it came. He would move to lay the whole
subject on the table, were it not that many gen-
tlemen wished to addiess the House. He was
opposed to any resolutions being adopted, but if
any were to be passed upon by the House, that
of the gertleman from Virginia [Mr. Aiu-h>.k]
was the only one wh.ch he could bring himself to
vote for
Mr. GILMER would ask what was intended
by the introduction of the «solutions' What was
promised oi expected to result from them ' These
questions came home to every one, to the interest
of the whole country. Besides, what power had
that House to do so f That House had only legis-
lative auttiouty, and lo pasa these resolutions he
320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
contended would be transcending their constitu-
tional limits of power. Mr. G. referred to the con-
sequences and effects of war upon the interests of
the country and the stability of its institutions.
He contended that nothing had as yet been done
by the French Government to justify such a course
on our part So far as the treaty making power
of that country was concerned, every thing had
been done that could be done. Of whom did we
complain ' Of the popular branch of the French
Government. We should bear in mind that that
branch was new to Fiance, and every one must
perceive, who had read the debates of the French
Chamber, that there was a prevailing ignorance
on the subject of these claims. They were ap-
prehensive that the monarchy had gone too far,
and tnere was a jealousy which existed between
them. But should we, the most popular Govern-
ment on earth be the first and foremost to pre-
vent the exercise of the popular b> anch of a nation
just emerging from the shackles of despotism ?
He was convinced that if we went to war on
account of this treaty, as the subject stood at
present, public opinion would be against it. Ble
had no doubt whatever that the force of public
opinion alone in Europe would compel' France to
pay this indemnity. War, it should be borne in
mind, would put an end to it. Go to war, and
the indemnity would be at an end. He said mat
neither national honoi nor national character was
concerned in this dispute.
Mr. LYTLE followed with great eneigy, and
at considerable length, in support of the resolu-
tions reported by Mr Casibrm etc, and in reply
to Mr. Gilmer and Mr  Archer
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose, not to prolong the
debate, but to make an attempt to put an end to
the only war which he believed would e^er grow
out of this question. We had on most gieat
questions—paiticularly on one which divided the
House and the country—adjusted it by compro-
mise He now rose to propose a compsomise
which he hoped would unite both sides of the
House. It was due to the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Abims] to explain to him that he
could not accept his first lesolution as he had
promised to do, because, on examining its pro-
visions, he found it referred rather to the lights of
the claimants than of the nation. He thought the
House would not adopt a resolution of that char-
acter. He, however, pioposed to offer the resolu-
tion he had piesented yesterday, without the
words, " at all hazards," for he was compelled to
concur in the opinion expressed by the gentleman
himself, [Mr. Everett] that they were unparlia-
mentary.
Mr E. EVERETT explained He considered
them not unparliamentary in a report, but ¡n the
form of a resolution.
Mr. CAMBRELENG continued. That gen-
tleman must pardon me, sir, if I cannot peiceive
he propriety of the distinction between a ieport
and a resolution, which he makes. Both are alike
reported for adoption or rejection by the House.
The language was (he thought) not only unpar-
hamentaiy, but—the gentleman must pardon him
for saying—tha.t it was unjigmfied and even gas
conadmg He, theiefore, most willingly rel.n
quished them as incompatible with the dignity of
the House. He should offer the resolution with-
out these words as soon as the piesent motion
was decided, and he hoped m that form it would
meet the approbation of the House
Mr. ROBERTSON, of Virginia, after some ii-
marks, read two resolutions wmch he had pre-
pared, aid intended to oiFer in the event of that
oíTered by his colleague [Mr   Archer] being le- '
jected.    The first one declared  that the United '
■Spates  regard the treaty of 1831  as fanly and '
finally settling the differences between the two
Governments,   and  that there was satisfactory I
evidence that theFi ench Government wds des ions
of the fulfilment of the treaty, and reason to hope '
that the Chamber will carry it into effect    The
second resolution (he said) he had extracted from I
the words of the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations     M¡   R   advocated the position
indicated m bis resolution at some length
Mr  BINNEY then obtained the floor, but "ave
way to enable the Speaker to sign va"ous bids
Mi   BINNEY th n pioreeded *o addiessthe'1
House, 11 .m argument of eoniudeiable length, on
the general principles involved in the dispute be-
tween the Fiench Government and our own.   He
contended that we had nothing to do with the
pan the Chambers of France possessed in. this
matter.    It was  an affair  among  themselves—
between  the King and country     We are bound
to look to the former, whom only we weie to
know in the transaction.    He deprecated the evils
of war, but the sacrifice of national honoi he con-
sidered a still gieater calamity     This House (he
said) could  never insist on the fulfillment of the
treaty of 1831, unless by negotiation     We had
agreed m that very tieaty to receive this indemnity
by instalments, whi-h must be received thjough
the agency of negotiation.    He called on gentfe-
men  to pause before they used  language which
would takeaway all grace and half t^efoiceof
their lights.    Leave France no pretext, and if she
does not enter into the door thus left open for her,
it is not for us to answei the consequences      He
could not vote for these resolutions submitted by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, nor could he
support those of the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, [Mi. Ad\ms,] for the teasons which he had
ahead y submitted     He asked if this country was
willing to strengthen  the hands of the constitu-
tional monarchy of France?   That would be the
unkindest cut of all, for us to stiengthen a mon-
aichy against its lepubhcan opponents.   Would
it oppose the interests of its friends—those who
had made common cause with us in advocating the
execution of this tieaty '    Oneof these íesults was
inevitable in the present state of French (.flairs at
home, on the passage  of either of these lesolu-
tions.    Nor woulu  he  heed  the  idle  babble of
legislative gossip so often quoted  on this floor
fiom the Chamber of Deputies, relating to the
patience with whicn oui country is habituated to
bear the insult of others.   Of all the resolutions
proposed, he would p>tfer that of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mi. Archer,] for it expiessed
that which he íeally felt, a full  reliance on the
sense of justice on the part of the French nation,
which would induce a full requital of the debt.
Mr. SCHLEY said he did not rise to make what
might be dignified with the title of "a speech "
He was restrained from doing so by two considf ra-
tions: first, because he labored under a physical
disability to do so, m consequence of ill health
during tne greater paitofthe session; and secondly,
because in his opinion the subject under con-
sideration did not require or admit of much speak-
ing.
The course (said Mi S ) which gentlemen
have taken m this debate, foicibly íeminded him
of a Reverend fnend of his in Geoigia, who is
fond of speaking, and who, though he took a text,
always sedulously avoided touching it in his dis-
course, and directed his attenfon to mat ers and
things m general Sn , (said Mr S ,) what is the
question before the House' Is it a question of
ioa) ' Is there any thing m the lesolution offered
which looks to such a state of things' I humbly
apprehend not Why, then, do gentlemen por-
tray in such vivid colors the hoi roi sand calamities
of war  Is it to drive ub from the support of this
lesolution ' to drive us fiom any action m regard
to our present lelations with Fmnce' If this be
the.i olject, they will find themselves in en or.
Sir, 1 will rot undeitake to attribute the motive
of such a course. Perhaps gentlemen would not
be willing to admit as jus', the opinion I have
formed, but cenamiy no adequate moave can be
found in the nature and tendency of the lesolution
itself, and no gentleman who has advocated it on
this floor, has intimated a desire for war, noi any
thing which could lead to such an idea
1 was somewhat astonished to heai my honor l
able coheague, [Mr Gilmer,] and ¡he hi norable
gentleman fiom Vnginia, [Mr. Archer,] assert
the doctime that there was no violat.on of the
treaty on the part of France by the refusal of the
Chamber of Deputies to make the appropriation
necessary to carry it into effect on their part On
what ground is this opinion held? On this, that
the Fiench Chambers is a separate and independ-
ent branch of that Government, in the same m inner
that this House is under om Coi stitution. Admit
tl is fact, and what follow.' Why, these honorable
gentlemen say that f'e tieaty is not complete end
futí/>.„'"  the nit >n mill all 1'ie <l pmtnents of the
Gaiet iuru.,it Iimc latijwd ,l and piuv.lrdjor lUjtnal
consummation, and theiefore uehave no came of com-
plaint against Fiance Í3 this tiue, m regard either
to the Fiench Government or our own ' 1 pre-
sume not. What wou d be the consequence of
such adoctrine' The executive branch of the
Government, to which is entrusted the treaty-
making powe>-, would entei ,nto a solemn tieaty
with a foieign nation, but the Chamber of Depu-
ties in Fiance, or this House heie, as the case
may be, would refuse to make the appropnauon
necessary to carry it into efltct, and consequently
the treaty would prove in fact to be no treaty
The paities would stand precisely wnere they
stood before the negotiations were commenced,
and in this way a nation might foievei avoid the
payment of money due foi any cause to another
nation. Sir, this cannot be true Tne proposi-
tion involves in itself a manifest contradiction If
the execut.ve bn.ndi of the Government has the
powet-to make a treaty, it follows as a necessaiy
consequent that such treatj must be binding and
obligati íy on the ration and theiefore, if another
I ranch of the same Government, holding by the
Constitution the purse strings, shall refuse  o pay
I the money stipulated by the treaty to be paid, such
íefusahsa viobtion of the faith of the nafon,and
a bteach of the treaty I admit the right of the
Chambers and ot this House to refuee the appro-
priation necessaiy to carry the treaty into effeit;
but they do it at their peril, and the nation i>jurcd
or insulted by the refusal, will have the.perfect
right to demand and take satisfaction
F>ut his principal object in rising to address the
House, was to present to them a vie.v of the sub-
ject which had not been taken by any gentleman
that had spoken.     He would theiefoie proceed at
once to what, in his opinion, was the main and
the only question which ought to be consideieil,
and he would detain the House but a f^w minutes.
His honorable colleague  [Mr   Giliueh] and the
honorable gen'leman f.om Virginia who last ad-
dressed the House [Mi   Robertson] had bo'h
emphatically asked tne question, " What is the
object of this lesolution, it it be not to excite an"ry
feelings, and  lead to a state of hostilities'   fan,
(said Mr. S ,) I will tell the honoi able gentleman
what 'he object is      Every member on this floor,
who has read the debates in the Tienen Chamber,
at the time when  the law to appiopwate money
to carry the treaty into full  effect was reiected,
knows that the giound upon which the njection
was  placed   was,   that  the promised   nidennty
was too great, and that twelve or thn teen millions
of francs is all that the French people ought in
| justice to pay     A pamphlet containing these de-
i   bites, and this reasoning, was furnished  by the
Executive to every n.ember at the openin" of the
I   present Congress      We have been in session three
,| months, with a full knowledge of all these facts,
!   and  now,  if we  adjourn  without opening our
mouths on tne subject, or declaring our view of
the matter, will not the conclusion from such con-
duct be lnesistible that we know we have obtained
by the tieaty more than we are entitled to'   Will
not the Fiench Chamber and people have a ught
to say that we know that the ground taken'by
them is true in point of fact, and that, therefore,
we have not denied it'   Is not this the fair and
legitimate conclusion fiom these premises'   And
are gentlemen piepared to do an act which shad
lead to such consequences'   Will they be silent,
by íefusing to pass this lesolution, and by such
silence convey to the Trench nation and the world,
the idea that we claim more than in justice and
equity we are entitled to'
S.r, if theie be any gentleman on this floor who
i   leally believes that che treaty givts up more than
weaie entitled to, let him say so, and let hmvote
against this resolution    But no man in tl is House,
oi m this nation, holds this opinion.    On the con-
trary, every member who has addressed the Ch ur
|   on either side of this question, has declared his
!   firm conviction  that the indemnity offered by the
treaty is much too small, that malead of twenty-
I  five millions of francs, i' ought to be some sixty
|   or seventy millions      Those gemlemen  who op-
pose this resolution have dechred, in the rnmor-
jj ity report, and in their speeches, that our claim
, under the treaty must not be abandoned^ Why,
i   then, aie they unwilln g to say so, byTdopiing
the íesclution on your tabic No reasr n h is been
assigned, except  that  the lesoiutiun conum s a
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
menace or a threat.    Not so, sir; there is nothing
of that character in the resolution-—nothing that'
could insultan individual, ora magnanimous peo-
ple.    Ño such thing is intended, and the French
people cannot so understand it.
We desire not war We have done nothing to
lead to such a result. This resolution has no
such bearing, and if the French Government shall
choose to make war on us in consequence of its
passage, let them do so, and take the odium and
the consequences The civilized world will not
sanction, but decidedly condemn such a course.
This is the first opportunity which this House
has had to express us opinion upon the conduct of
the French Chambers in rejecting the appropria-
tion, and upon the justice of our claims.   There
Banks, Barnitz, Baylies, Beale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Blair, Bockee,Boon, Bouldin, Briggs,
Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burd, Burns, Cage, Cam-
breleng, Carmichael, Carr, Casey, Chambers,
Chaney, Chilton, Chmn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
William Clark, Clay, Connor, Coulter, Cramer,
Darlington, Davis, Davenport, Day, Denny,
Dickerson, Dickinson, Evans, Edward Everett,
Felder, Ferns, Fillmore, Forester, Foster, Philo
C. Fuller, William K Fuller, Fulton, Galbiaith,
Gamble, Gholson, Gillet, Gordon, Graham,
Joseph Hall, Thomas II Hall, Halsey, Hamer,
Hannegan, Hard, Joseph M Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath, Henderson,
Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Inge,
William   Jackson,   James Jarvis,  William  C
is, in fact, no difference of opinion here in regard I, Johnson, Pachard M Johnson, Noadiah Johnson,
to either.    Let us then say to the French nation,           '          T            "
that we know our cause to be just—that the in- i
demnity provided by the treaty, instead of being
too large, is, in fact, too small, and that we will
insist upon its execution
Mr. MANN, of New York, demanded the ]
yeas and nays on the amendment offered by Mr. ]
Archer; which were ordered.
Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones Kilgoie, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lay, Lea, Lee,
Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas, Lyon, Lytic, A Mann,
Manning, Martmdale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y.
Mason, May, McCarty, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kennan, McKim, McKjnley, McLene,McVean,
Miller, Miner, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell,
McD. Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy
Mr  GORHAM was in favorof the amendment  ' Osgood, Paiks, Parker, Patton, Uu ee J   fearce,
Peyton, Picke is, Franklin Pierce, Pietson, Plum-
mer, Polk, Ramsey, Reed, Rencher, Reynolds,
Robertson, Schenck, Schley, Augustus H Shep-
herd, Shinn, Slade, Smitn, Sping'er, Speight,
Standefer, Stewart, Sutherland, William Taylor,
offered  by  the gen'leman from Virginia, [Mr.
Archer ]   He thought it a very proper resolution I
for the occasion, but he rose simply to enter his j
decided protest against the views contained in the
SDeech which the gentleman had delivered in favor i  -------------
of his amendment.    He was utterly opposed to !¡ Wil'iam P   Tayloi, Thomson   luinei, lurril,
would vote for the resolution.           1 Vanderpool, Van   Houten,  Wageener,  Ward,
Wardwell, Whallon, White, Fiedenck Whittle-
sey, Ehsha Whittlesey, Wilson, Young—168.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. BEARDSLEY remarked that the amend-
mentofthegentlemanfiom Virginia [Mr Arciilr]
was the particular subject now under consideia
tion.    It contained two propositions—one declara-
ble speech, bu-t wo
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, desired to state a sin-
gle reason why he should vote against the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Archer ] That gen-
'leman had contended that the treaty with France
was not a binding compact. If the amendment
of his colleague should be concurred in, and should
p-o out of tne country coupled with the foregoing ¡  ..„...........------        ,     ,
decía, auon? it might have a tendency to induce a S tory of the views of th.s House, that no leg.slat.ve
beheftha" his House had adopted the reflation |l measure was at this time .equued or prooer. the
m consequence of the reasons expressed by his other, a statement of the cau e or foundation of
copead For one, he was of opinion that the | theop.nion at which the House had arrived Jbat
treatv"w'th France"was asolemn ana binding com-,! foundation, as declared in the resolution, was a
pactTJh'ch Sinot:b" disregarded or set aside  | «jutf expectation" that France would make_pro-
by the French Chambers. He repeated, in con-
clusion, that for the reason which he had assigned,
he could not vote for the amendment.
Mr WATMOUGH said that the true and only
course which he thought should be pursued, had
been advocated by the gentleman from Georgia,
and his colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. hv*-
í.ey and Mr. Clayton] This course he would
indicate in a motion before he sat down. It was
not to avoid the terrors of war, that he should
make the motion which he intended War was
admitted on all hands to be the most disastrous
calamity which could befall the country, and m
this case, m his humble opinion, there was no
sufficient cause for war. To answer the purpose
which accorded with his own judgment, he would
move to lay the whole subject uoon the table, !
and, upon this motion, he demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered                                         i
A call of the House was made and negatived.
Mi. CAMBRELENG called for the reading *™«J   — ¡^^dor explained by the
of the resolution which he had offered   «• ™f: Zt'rMe mover- and he insisted that the only
ified form.    He desired that the House should     ^orable mover                                                  ^
now what it was that the gentleman from Penn      f«' «'«P™ T' r'lution was that which he had
vision for carrying the treaty of 1831 into effect.
Mr. B would ask upon what the " expecta
tion" was founded? What ground had we for
assuming it as the basis of our action on this most
important subject? All might, as all did, desire
that result. It was the hope of every one; but,
for himself, he saw no sufficient reason foi ex-
pressing the "jus'," the confident "expectation
that the Government of Fran, e had already made,
or would make, the required provision.
Mr ARCHER explained. He meant by the
words "just expectation," as applied in the reso-
lution, not to refer to the conduct of France, or
what might be expected from her, but the char-
acter of our claims upon her, which he regarded
aSÍlr   BEARDSLEY continued.   He said the
explanation would help the mattei but little, unless
the phraseology of the resolution was changed
That would be understood at home and abioaü,
according to the ordinary meaning of the terms
know what it was mat me ^n.a™.. i.™. - ~ ■--   ,                 • f .    resoiuUon was that which tie naa
sylvan..  [Mr.  Waimough] had moved to by    ^'%f^etZ^ i« natural and common
'       "                                                                        lense'meaning.   France would so understand it
if adopted by the House, and she would act ac-
I coidmo-ly.    Then he would ask, again, upon what
on the table.
The resolution was read as follows-
"Resulted, That m the opinion of this House
' the ueaty Of the 4th July, 1831, should bemam-
«tamed, and its execution insisted on.
Tne question was then taken on Mr Wat-
«ouh's motion to lay the whole subject on the
table, by yeas and nays, as follows:
YÉAS-Í-Mess.s. Chilton Allan, Ashley,:Bar-
bet , Bates, Beatty, Bell, B.nr-ey, Campbell C.ay-
ton C owney, Corwin, Crane Ciocket .Deberry,
Dickson, Horace-Everett, GarlandG>\m"<G°l:
ham, Giayson, G.ennell, Griffin Hard.n, Jame.
Harper, flazeltine, Ebeneaer Jackson, Henry
Johnson, King, Letcher, Love, McCoroasMer-
cer, Milligan, Phillips, Pmckney, PoUs, W b
Shepard, Steele, Thomas, Tompkins .Trumbull,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Wilde,
Williams, Wi-e— 4S                 ,          T .     ,, m„
X\\s—Me«si- John a Adams, John Adams,
lolu. J  Allen, William Allen, An'liony, Archer,
he
was in no respect warranted by her conduct. This
was one, and with him a decisive objection to the
amendment under consideration. There weie
others, which might be stated, growing out of the
posture of our present relations with Fiance; and
which, in his judgment, called for a decided ex-
pression of opinion on the part of this House.
Mr. B. could not vote for the amendment of the
honorable and very distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, ¡Mr Adums,] which proposed to
advise theTresident that fuither negotiation with
France would meet the approbation of this House,
if, in the opinion of the President, that course
would he compatible with the honor and interest
of the United States
The treaty-making power was not vested in this
House, but in the President and Senate.    The
President was the organ of that power, and of the
Union at large, with all foreign Governments   He
would leave tnose upon whom the Constitution
had devolved  that responsibility to  exercise it,
1 without obtruding upon them advice which is not
asked for, and for which he coi.ld see no neces-
i sity.    Even if the advice were of itself pi oper, he
I would  not at this time expose to  France  any
j strong anxiety for  fuither  negotiation      Wuh
' whom would we negotiate'    With the  King of
the French'   lie had signed the treaty—he ad-
mitted its obligatoiy foice, and was unquestion-
ably desirous to see it fulfilled.   It was not his
fault that it had not been punctually performed.
Why, then, negotiate further with the King '  Or
was it intended to invite a negotiation wuh the
Chamber of Deputies '
Mr. B. said he did not, in all respects, approve
1 of the original resolutions, reported by the chair-
1 manoftheCommitteeon Fore'gn Affans. although
he would vote for them rather than not express
any opinion upon the subject The amendment,
however, which had been proposed by the honor-
able chau-man, and which he understood had been
accepted by the gemleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Adams,] as a substitute for his first reso-
lution, met with his entire approbation, and he
should give it his vote. If adopted it would ex-
press the opinion of this House, that it was tne
duty of the Government of the United States to
insist upon the performance, by France, of the
treaty of 1P31. The circumstances in which we
were placed, demanded an explicit opinion on our
part, either that we would or would not insist upon
its performance If we were not prepared to i sist
upon it, let us say so, and abandon it altogether.
Gentlemen had said such an expression would
be equivalent to a declaration of war against
France. If so, then the minority of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs was for war, for this was their
sentiment, expressed m their own language,
leaving off those words which were supposed to
give it an unbecoming seventy, if not indeed some
small degiee of ferocity. The obnoxious words
"at all hazards," had been stricken out, and the
only sentiment which the resolution would now
contain, was the fixed opinion of this House, that
the treaty ought not to be abandoned, but that it)
performance should be insisted on.
And, sir, have we not a right to express that
opinion, and to indicate that purpose' Is not
such the general sentiment of our constituents'
Are we prepared, any one of us, to abandon the
treaty, or to say to France that we w.U not insist
on its performance'
Sir, will France have a right to regard this reso-
lution as a menace' Surely not She has made
the question for us and we are bound to decide it.
To decide it as the national honor and the national
| was that " expectation" f°"ndw'    Upon, as^  . ^te^sTreqüiTes"; as'ourconstituents demand that
supposed, the speculative colectare* ourjl^  1 ;"*¿««]£« ^  Sir¡ „ there any reasonable
rsterarpári¡,~and upon tha't alone After the
omisión of France, from 1833 to this time to
perform her treaty-a poe.uve. long-cont nued
neglect and violation of its provisions-and st1
more, a positive refusal by the Chamber of Depu-
tes tó abide by us provisions-after the recall of
the French Minister and the dismissal of ours
from France, we are called upon, in the face of
doubt of what is the true sentiment of this coun-
l try' Consult the public press, with the exception
1 of the most degraded and coirupt of its organs,
we shall find it umted in maintaining the sanctity
of the treaty, and insisting that the rights secured
bv it shall m no event be sacrificed or abandoned.
Sir, let us take counsel from the patriotic feelings
"m^^^'^^^^t^r^t  'SK. r Part we have performed all  Us
perform her treaty, which has hitherto been most
unceremoniously neglected and violated. He could ,
■ill e^act and in-
iee"no""reasonable «found for that opinion and he
out of meie complaisance to i< ranee,
equation  which, m  his or.nion,
would  not,
express an
feet, as
supinations with fidelity, so we i
siJt uoon a simtlai observance on theirs
Mr  BRIGGS expressed  a disposition to vot,
for me amendment of the gentleman fioui Virgi-ua,
£22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March t.
[Mr Archer,] because it Rave an expression of
the opinion of the House, which he deemed neces-
sary It appeared by the discussion in the French
Chambers, that an idea prevailed there that we
were divided on the subject of the justice and
intention of recovering this claim This, he
apprehended, was not the fact Tie believed this
House—he believed this people to be united on
this subject The very newspaper (the National
Intelligencer) which had been [oudest denounced,
as opposing the views of the President, had very
emphatically declared in favor of the validity of
the treaty, and the necessity of its being fulfilled
An expression of the opinion of the House, on
this point, and the confidence we entertain in the
final adjustment of the claim, seemed to be called
for He, for one, would contribute to that result
of the discussion
Mr WISE begged to say i word or two only
Instead of spending so much time in idle debate,
he thought they would be best dcrg their duty by
putting iheir country into a state of defence If
this war should come within the next twelve
months, he feared he should be called one of those
members of Congress who neglected to take
measures to put the country in a state of defence,
and when the French fleet should arrive, and
seize upon our fortifications it will be asked what
was the House of Representatives about duung
the last two days of the session, and the only reply
will be, that they were spent in debate Mr W
wished the subject had been laid on the table, and
that they had taken up the subject of appmprm
Hon to provide for the means of defence To the
House, and every individual member of it, he
would say, in mercy say no more about it
Mr CAMBRfcXriMG expressed a hope that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Adams]
would consent to adopt the resolution which he
had proposed, for the purpose of facilitating the
business of the House If that gentleman did
not deem it expedient to do so, Mr C said he
should feel it incumbent on him to move it as an
amendment, after the question had been taken on
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
lie urged the House to come to some action upon
the subject Let us (said Mr C ) do our duty,
without reference to the course of the Fiench
Chamber of Deputies, and leave them to do
thens
Mr ADAMS, of Massacnusetts, said h  would
offer a few reasons why he could not vote for the
resolution offered as an amend nent by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr Ancnrr ] Thaties
olution expressed a "just cpec'atwn" that Fiance
would have made piovision foi carrying into
effect the treaty, &,c Mr A 3eid he was not
disposed to bandy words on this subject, but he
could not Say that he had a just exr ectation—or
an expectation at all—that Fiance would willingly
rendei us justice and he would lie to his own
conscience if he «a d so He could not, in con-
science, vote this for he did not believe it Sir,
(said Mr A ,) if, as has been said, theie can be
no justifiable occasion for a war of words with the
Fre ch nation, this is neither a place or time for
complimenting them Whence came the compli
ment3 to the trench5 Weie they elicited by her
virtues' Wa3 it because she had refused the pay
mert of the annual instalments due to us' Was
it Lecause she had vio'ated her plighted faith'
Did geitlemen find, in nil this, cause of compli
ment' Was it from the style of the digmfed
debates in their Chamber of Deputies, where we
weie characterized as a nation of merceranes—
where ih  barest and meanest of motives were
attributed to the Ameucan peop e—those of sor
did avwice, sptcula'ion, an I gam ' Wheie it was
said of u«—They won't go to war' No If you
owe the"i ten mil' on«, they will take up with
t'uee Such (Mr A said) was the language and
style of the Fiench towards us He asked if on
this w as foanded the "just expectations" of the
gentleman fiom Virginia Mr A said he did not
believe in the tu th of the declaration contained m
the gentleman's resolution and that was one sub-
stantial reason why he could not vote for it
Anothei reason was comprised in what he had
heretofore said, and what the gentleman himself,
in the honesty and sincer ty of his heart, had
promptly admitted, that the whole foundation,
both ot Ins bpeech and hi  íe^olution, was /ecu
Not that the gentleman was capable of entertain-
ing such a feeling in íelation to himself    No   on
this point he fully concurred with the gentleman s
colleague, [Mr  Bodldin,] who, by the way, had,
in a masterly mannei, exposed and dissipated
many of lira arguments     No man (said Mi   A )
is presumed to be more tenacious of his individual
reputation—his  personal  honor     But while he
was speaking an observer could easily detect the"
conflict in his bosom, between his sen^eof individ
ual and national honor—that he feit that he could
not himself submit to humiliation, while he was
persuading this House to actas cowaids, saying to
them you must not do this, for fear of the power
of France1    Sir, the gentleman's speech was per
fectly consistent with the resolution with whicn
he concluded it     His honorable colleague [Mr
Goriiam] had expressed a determination to vote
for that resolution, at the same time taking occa
sion to protest against the gentleman's speech      Í
protest against both the speech and the i esolution
for if it is true that the French are not bound by
the treaty, and do not owe the debt,  hen we have
no right to pass the resolution     So he might soy
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr  Civ
ney,] whose «peech was also pel fectly consistent
with the resolution    He admitted that the House
should first settle the question, whether that treaty
was truly binding     [Mr  A   here read from the
Trench Constitution  the portion  relating to the
functions of the King, showing that the treaty
making power reposed in him ] Not a word ( aid
Mr   A ) is here said about the Chamber of Depu-
ties    BefoieGod and man tnat treaty was binding
Another article of the Cons ituticn  declares that
" the public debt is guarantied —evei ydebt&nteied
into by the constituted au'honties <; latt be invicta
bh "    So the Chamoer of Deputies could  not
re]ect this indemnity without violating national
faith—wuhout violating  their own Constitution,
which thev aie swoin to support     He had heard
a motion to lay this sulject on the flior—no, the
table     He had heard much of our obligation to
'he Fiench, and it incontinently reminded him of
one who spoke in
" Woils clothed in r<nso i's garb,
Courting i^nob e ea^e—aot pe ice "
He would tell gentlemen what his object was
fiom the commencement of this question The
President of the United St!'es had led before
Congress the state of the nation—us lelaliuis
with the rest of the world, "nd partiiularly with
that great, that mighty nation, Tronce He told
the tale in ui varnished "uise Such was the con
dition between the two Powers It was not entirely
new Many of the facts were known thtough
unofficial channels to members at tí e lastses ion
The Pre- dent, and thiough him, ou>- nation had
assumed an attitude before the world 1 ask not
whether he was right or wrong It was enough
that the nation was committed And what was
this House about to do' He would not say it
was about to " dodge" the question No but it
tejused to net ' In another place, that body ap
pointed a commttee on the subject, in deference
to the leoommerciations of the Jt'iesident 11 at
committee d d its dn'y faithfully It sus'amed m
its report the Chief Magistiate in nit (he facts,
but ele sed by a íesolu ion, declaring i mevpe
client to take any legislative measures on the sub-
ject Now, he asked, if we stop hei", 1 ow did
this miter appear' Why, Ü would appear that
one bianc i of the Legislature recommends that
nothing be done, while tl eothenefuses to express
any opinion on the subject The anlicipation of
such a result had been the source of all the anxiety
which he had felt upon this sulject He did be
heve a declaration of the views of that House due
to ourselves, to the world, to the sacred nature of
treaties It was, therefore, with reference to the
effect on Fiance, on Europe, on the world, that he
had felt it most essentially incumbent on the House
to express its feelings, its sentiments We had
heard rruch on that floor against war, and its
horrors These views were as ancient as the war
of T oy—in proof of which Mi A quoted from
the vFnead It was said, too, that we shou'd go
to war and deluge the country with blood for a
pal íy sum of money Such, too, was the ciy in
1775-'7G When we possessed but a tithe of our
present lesouices—when we had not only a for-
eign, but a civil and an Indian war, and nil foi__
as was said by the Tones of that daj—>wo pence
on a pound of tea ' It was said it was cheajter
to pay the tax than go to war1 Even last v ar,
some gentlemen considered the cause a small mat-
tei, and asked how many American citizens were
impressed by Great Lntani—declaring their bchet
that it was very few ' This he then thought a
most singular argument, and the presen' iigument
was parallel to it No man (Mr A said) could
entertain a greater abhotrence forwarand its calam
ities than he had He jnould do anvihing but
sacrifice honorand independence toavoid it But
when he 1 eard H advanced on that floor that there
was no such thing as national honor—that it was
merely ideal—he must take leave to say that he
did not subscribe to such doctrine After some
further remaiks, Mr A said such were the
reasons which induced his resolutions The first
was declarative of the rights of oui citizens to the
indemnity claimed, and the other was ceclarative
of a determination not to omit any possible means
of honorable pacification Mr A then referred
to the situation of the two countries in 1794, when
a non mtercoutse was declared between the two
counti es, and quoted documents on lhat "subject,
and concluded by expressing a hope that the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr
4,-ícher] would he rejected
[lhe above is a mere outline of Mr A 's re-
maiks, and has no pretension to liteial accuracy ]
Mr H\RD1N bed hoped, he said, tnat the
Committee on foreign Affairs would lave report-
ed in sufficient time to have allowed every gentle-
man an opportunity of deliveung his sentiments
upon this subject Late as it was, Mr H should
not have said a word on the suiject, but for the
last war speech of thegentltman from New Y oik,
[Mr   ClMBRELEtsC  ]
Mi 11 ei tered mtoan examiration of thefcun-
dation of these claims under the treaty They
had arisen from spoliations made by Napoleon
Bonaparte, who hud alwavs refused to make any
iidemnity Both Loui" XVIII and Charles X
had also refused to enter into it, and it was only
till the elevation of Louis Philippe to the throne
of Fiance, that these twenty f vem llicns had been
acl nowledged To this Kng we owed the
tieaty,pnd he hod omitted nothing m his powei
to ^tcuie its pa- <ige Mi II also con'enaed
that th  Fiench Chambei as the popular branch,
had the same right to reject a treaty involving an
anp-opriat on, us the House of Repiesertatives
in Congress had Besides, the Fiench had tne
powei of maiting then ov n laws and their own
constitution, and they had the right of puttng
then mterpietation upon them With these
views, he thougt t it cowardly, he thought it das-
tardly, for this nation to threaten v ar H° cou'd
see no treachery , no backsliding, in the King or
his Mims'ers That luí g wa3 surrounded with
difficulties, ard had made himself responsible for
injuries done twenty five years ago What should
we go to wa' for5 A paltry sum of five millions
A war would cost us in one year not less than ten
oi fifteen milhors of dollars, and would sweep
from 'he ocean at least fifijr mil'ions of our com
merce Ana upon whom wou'd the expense fall'
Upon the hard woi king,industrious farmer, almost
exclusively Besides, Mr II had no feeling for a
French war He remembered whei wehadonly
two millions and a half of people, when we were
overwhelmed with debt, and our little band of
hardy patriots without -rms or clothirg, that
I ranee sued her blood and expended ner treasure
ib* us Should we forget tnis' She stood by
us when a 1 the nations of the earth stood aloof
from us.
Mr GORHAM rose to reply to some remaiks
of Mr Adams lie said the whole bent of that
gentleman's íesolutions and his speech began and
ended in the position that war was inevitable wiih
France He denied that such was the feeling or
the policy of Massachusetts Mr G then pro-
ceeded to examine the grounds on which the
treaty stood, how it was obtaired, &c He aho
went into a detail of the diffeience of sentiments
entertained by him from those of other gentlemen
who had ae'dressed the House, paiticularly Mr.
Arciiei and Mr   Ad wis
Mr CHILTON next obtained the floor He
aLo replied most particulaily to the remarks of
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Mr. Adaiis.    The position which that gentleman '
fiist took  upon this floor, upon  this  question,
excited the surprise of all,  and particularly his
friends.    He had then accused another branch of
the Legislaluie of dodging the question.    He had ,
subsequently, in an explanation, declared that he i
also wished tins House to do the same thing.   On '
the last occasion he had assured the country that
there was no prospect of war with France—that
there was not a member on that floor who would
vote for such a proposition.    How were we to
reconcile those various and conflicting opinions
and sentiments of the gentleman with his present
course'   Mi   C. said the «¡solutions of Mr. A.
were  infinitely   weaker  than  he  could approve,
though he denounced  his tear speech.    He disa-
vowed any personal disie°pect to that gentleman,
in thusalludmg lo the inconsistencies of his course
'lo use a musiol phrase, he had lioked upon the
gentleman heretofore as a sort of political pitch-
pipe   base     A   trumpet  of an  uncertain bound
might lead to disastrous consequences in the field
of battle.    Hereafter he should lollow a trumpeter
with an instrument of a less uncertain sound.
Mr. ARCHER also thought thegemleman fiom
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] should be the last to
give lectures on consistency. Allusions had been
made to his ferns and to Ins courage. If he had
couiage, he was sure he would not show it only,
as he would not say whose was shown, in biavado
and menace. He had said that he had full confi-
dence in the justice of Prance He still retained
that opinion. Mr. A. continued further to defend
his amendment
Mr 1IAWES told a story of a bird whoseonly
cry was " fair play " Such was his cry on the
present occasion, as he could not abide to see so
many birds plucking one. He was well aware,
however, that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr 4dam?] needed no champion to enter the
lists in hifciletence, for, as the roused lion shakes
the dew diops from his mane, so could he shake
off his antagonists at will. He marvelled what
had brought down the ae of his two colleagues, i
[Messrs. Hardin- and Chilton,] and the gentle
man from Virg.ma, [Mr Archer,] in their united
strength upon tne distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts Was it because an Amencan
heai t beat high in his bosom> Was it because he
boldly stepped forward to sustain the honor of his
count! y > .\li H. said no man had been accus- ,
tomed more highly to respect the Ftench nation '
thin h.mself He, too, like his honorable col-
league, [Vlr II midi-j,] rememoered when with i
us the lily was accounted the fairest flofter of the
field He, too, had paused with high-wrought
feelings before the painting in the rotundo, where
the wstiois cf ve eran France and infant America
were grouped togei her in the enjoyment of recent
■ViCt-) —the reward ot their mutual piowess But
should the recollection of those things make us
fort;vt<\i! ot ng'it- Shou'd they teach us to see
our country Irani) led upon ' His other co'league
[Mr Cim ion] had lepresented the gentleman
from Mass-chuselts as leadyat one time to be
ie<_eued witn open arms by a party on that floor.
By what party He asked if theie was alieady
a Fiench party and an American in that House'
If so, it was high time the people of Kentucky
kne.v i , ard he should fetl it his duty to go home
and acciiiaint his constituents of the fact. They
^.ere acuisto ned only to rally under the flag of
then country Mr. H sud he rose only to say
whit he Irul wiJ He did not like to see the gen |
tleman from Massachusetts, whose long career ,
had be-n crowned w§th that brightest of^ all
ciowns—the su.fiages of a fiee people for their
highest "itatio.i, exposed to a rifle heie, a musket
here, and a pop gun ffteii.
The <¡ íestion was then taken by yeas and nays
on Mi \i <. ii tr's amendment, and it was i ejected,
ae foil >ws—ypas 71   nays 143:
YEAS—-Viesas Heman Allen, Chilton Allan,
Aicher, Ashley, P.aibei, Barrmgei, Dates, Cay-
lie*, ilv !, B.nney, Gempbell, Chambers, C.iilton,
ClulMint , William Chrke, Clayton, Clowney,
Coiv,!), Crockett, Davis, Dave iport, Deberry, ;
Dick-on, Evins, Horace Eveiett, Felder, Gam-
ble, Cilmer,Gordon,Gorham,Giayson,Grenne,l, i
Grillin, Hiland Hall, Hardm, Hazeltme, William
Jackson, Cbenc¿ei Jackson, Janes, Iling,LeU.her, ]
Lewis, Lincoln, Martmdale, Marshal!, McComas,
Mercer, Milligan, Miner, Murphy, Phillips,Pick-
ens, Pmckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher,
Robertson, William B. Shepaid, Slade, Steele,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vinton, Wat-
mough, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams,
Wise, Young—-71.
NAYS—Messrs John a. Adams, John Adams,
John J. Allen, William Allen, Anthony, Banks,
Barnitz, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Blair, Bockee,
Boon, Bouldin, Briggs, Brown, Bull, Bunch,
: Burd, Burns, Cage, Cambreleng, Carmichael,
Carr, Casey, Chancy, Clunn, Samuel Clark, Con-
I nor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Denny, Dickerson,
i Dickinson, Dunlap, Edward Everett, Ferns, Fill-
1 more, Forester, Poster, Philo C. Fuller, William
K. Fuller, Fulton,Garland,Gholson.Gillet, Gra-
ham, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hanne-
gan, Hard, Joseph M. Harper, James Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath,
Henderson, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard,Hunting-
ton, Inge, Jams, Richard M.Johnson, Noadiah
Johnson, Henry Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kav-
anagh, Kilgore, Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, La-
poue, Lay, Lea, Lee,Love, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann, Manning, Mardis,
John Y. Mason, Moses Mason, May, MeCarty,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan,McKim, McKm-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell,
Robert Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg,
Osgood, Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Pearce,
Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Rey-
nolds, Sehenck, Schley, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Shmn, Smith, Spangler, Speight, Standefer, Stew-
art, Sutherland, William Taylor, William P. Tay-
lor, Fiancis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill,
Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, White, Fredeuck
Whittlesey, Wilson—143
Mr CAMBRELENG then moved the follow-
ing resolution (according to an intimation which
he had before made) as an amendment to the first
of those introduced by Mr. Adams:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
treaty of the 4th of July, 1831, should be main-
tained, and its execution insisted on
Mr. ADAMS said he was willing to adopt it
While he was up, he had a word to say on the
remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Gorham,] who
had denounced his course as not being in accord-
ance Tvith the sentiments of Massachusetts. If
such was the fact, he could but regietit. He had
only to say it was in accordance" with the dictates
of his own heart.
Mr. GORHAM said there was no man in the
United States for whom he had more sincere re-
spect than for his honorable colleague. He had
not made his remarks in a spintof dictation. He
was well aware that that gentleman possessed the
right to maintain ins own opinion; but he (Mr
G ) must be permitted also to letam the opinion
he had alrtady expiessed.
Mr S JONES, of Georgia, then submitted the
following, as an amendment to the above resolu-
tion.
Resolved, That, with a solemn treaty, acknowl-
edging the rights of our citizens, entered into
under the usual foimahties,and with a nation pro-
fessing, to be governed by that code which pre-
sentes the obligation of such instruments, we
have every light to expect that the same will be
observed in good faith, and that as this House is
officially lhfoi med the law for executing said treaty
is now under consideration in the French Legis-
lature, it is inexpedient, for the present, to legia
late on the sub)ect.
Mr. S JONES bnefly advocated the amend-
ment, and called for the yeas and nays, but they
weie not ordeied.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion i ejected without a division.
Mr ROBERTSON then offered the following
as an amendment.
Strike out fiom first resolution all after the words
" resolved that," and mserp                       ^
"There is satisfactory evidence that the French
' Government desires that the appropriation for
' indemnity should be made m puisuanee of the
' stipulations of the treaty of July 4, 1831, and
'lesson to hope that the Chamber of Deputies
' will adopt that measure, and faithfully discharge
' the obligations of France to the United States."
Mr. GORHAM asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered. The amendment was
then rej'ected'
The question then recurring on the substitute
adopted by Mr. J. Q. Adams, as given above,
Mr. MANN, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays.
They were ordered and taken, when the res-
olution was adopted UNANIMOUSLY, as fol-
lows:
YEA8—Messrs. John Q.. Adair ,John Adams,
Heman Allen, John J.  Allen, William  Allen,
Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Bar-
nitz, Bainnger, Bates, Beale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Bell, Blair, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin,
Briggs, Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burd, Burns, Cage,
Cambreleng, Campbell, Carmichael,Carr, Casey,
Chambers, Chaney, Chilton, Chmn, Claiborne,
Samuel Clark, William Clark, Clayton, Clowney,
Connor,Corwin,Coulter, Cramei,Crockett, Dar-
lington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Day, Deberry,
Denny, Dickson, Dickerson, Dickinson,Dunlap,
Evans, Edward Everett, Felder, Ferns, Fillmore,
Forester, Foster, Philo C. Fuller, William K.
Fuller,  Fulton,  Galbraith,   Gamble,   Garland,
Gholson, Giilet, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Gra-
ham, Gravson, Grennell, Griflin, Hiland Hall,
Thomas H   Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Hard, Haidin, Joseph M. Harper, James Har-
per, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Hazeltme, Heath, Henderson, Hiester, Howell,
Hubbard, Huntington, Inge, William Jackson,
Ebenezer Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Richard  M.
Johnson, Noadiah  Johnson,  Henry Johnsm,
Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kil-
gore, King, Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Lay, Lea, Lee, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas,
Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann.Man-
ning,Martindale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y. Ma-
son, Moses Mason, May, MeCarty, McComas,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan, McKim, McKin-
ley, McLene, McVean, Mercer, Miller, Milligan,
Miner, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Mooie,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Parks,
Parker, Patton, Patterson, Pearce, Peyton, Phil-
lips, Pickens, Pierce, Pierson, Pinckney, Plum-
mer, Polk, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Rey-
nolds, Robertson, Suhenck, Schley, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Shmn, Slade, Smith,Spangler,Speight,
Standefer, Steele, Stewart, Sutherland, William
Taylor, William  P   Taylor,  Francis Thomas,
Thomson, Tompkins,Trumbull, Turner,Turrill,
Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Vinton, Wag-
ener, Ward, Wardwell, Watmough, Webster,
Whallon, White, Frederick Whittlesey, Elisha
Whittlesey, Williams, Wilson, Wise, Young—
212.
NAYS—None.
Mr. Adams then withdrew his other resolution,
and Mr. Cambkeleng also withdrew the first
resolution reported from the Committee on For-
e'gn Affairs, its place being superseded by the one
first adopted.
The following resolutions were then also unani-
mously adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs be discharged from the further consideration
of so much of the President's message as relates
to commercial restrictions, or to ieprisalson the
commetce of France.
Resolved, That preparation ought to be made to
meet any emergency grov/mg out of our relations
with France.
SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULE.
The joint resolution from the Senate, rescinding
the joint rule which prohibits the transmission of
bills to the President on the last day of the ses-
sion, was then adopted, after an ineffectual attempt
on the part of Mr Mason to amend it, so as to
rescind that which prohibits the transmission of
bills ficm one House to the othei on the same
day.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion of Mr POLK, several appropriation
bills, returned from the Senate with amendments,
were  referred  to  the Committee of Ways and
Means, when, at twelve o'clock,
The House adjourned.
324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 3, 1835.
The VICE PRESIDENT Jaid before the Senate
.he credentials of the Hon. Bedford Brown, a
Senator elect to represent the State of North Caro-
lina for six years from and after the 3d March,
1835.
DOCUMENTARY HISTORY.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, made arepoit in regard to the documentary
history of the country, as furnished by the Secre-
tary of State, in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate of last session.
The report was laid on the table.
TREASURY CIRCULAR—LAND OFFICES.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the'Committeeon
Finance be discharged from the furthei considera-
tion of the circular of the Treasury, in regard to
the land offices; which was agreed to.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. WEBSTER said the Committee on Fi-
nance had been directed at the last session to
inquire into the condition of the United States
Bank, the deposite banks, and thecurrency of the
country. He said the two first subjects had
aheady been before the Senate. That in regard
to thecurrency, they had a mass of information,
which had been collected, but that it was not m a
condition to be laid before th« Senate.
-Mr. W. said, by a resolution of the Senate, the
Committee on Finance had been directed to lay
before it information concerning the amount of
bullion in the Bank of the United States, and
other subjects connected therewith; but that the
committee had received no infoimation on that
subject.
Mr. W. said he had observed in the official paper
of the Administration an allusion to certain state-
ments made by himself in regard to the mode of
payment of Treasury drafts by a deposite bank.
He did not feel himself bound to make any expla-
nation toan irresponsible editor; but if any honor-
able Senator in favor of the Administration would
call for the names and dates, he was prepared to
give them. He did not war with private individ-
uáis.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was refeired the President's
message, transmitting the correspondence between
the Governments of the United States and France,
asked to be dischaiged from the further consider-
ation of the subject and from all other subjects
before them; which was agreed to.
JOHN F. LEWIS.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John F. Lewis;
which was agreed to.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill in addition to an
act incorporating the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company, with'an amendment.
Mr. NAUDA1N, from theCommittee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of subjects íeferred to it; which was agreed
to.
Mr. S1LSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce;
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims,
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions;
Mr. R0BB1N8, fiom the Committee on the
Library;
Mr. BELL, fiom the Committee on Claims;
and
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals—each asked to be discharged
from the several subjects committed to them, which
was agreed to.
Mi. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an unfavorable report on the claim
of Orange H. Dibble.
Mr. LINN presented a petition; which was laid
on the table.
INSTRUCTIONS FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr MANGUM presented certain resolutions
of the Legislature of Ncth Carolina, instructing
him to vote for expunging from the Journals of
the Senate the resolution of last March, declaring
that the President had violated the law and Con-
stitution of the country.
Mr. M desired that the instructions might be
laid on the table, although he could notobey them.
He said he was commanded to do an act mat
would violate that Constitution which he was
bound to support. Fie did not, however, consider
the Senate the proper place to give his reasons for
disobeying the instructions of the Legislature.
That was a point he was to settle with his con-
stituents.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN stood in the same
predicament as his friend from Noith Carolina,
[Mr. Mangum ] He had constitutional objections
to complying. He believed the Senate had no
power over the Journal. It was a recoid of the
acts of the Senate, guarantied by the Constitution
for the benefit of the minouty. He would warn
the majority who should be in those seats next
session, to leave to him untouched the sacred priv-
ilege, provided by the Constitution, for showing
his successors how he had acted
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his regret that the
subject had been deferred to so late a period of the
session. He believed it the most important sub-
ject that had been brought before Congress; and
a subject on which he had wished to be heard.
He thought they had the same right to express
their disapprobation of as to flatter the Executive.
When tney had arrived to such a period as either
they must flatter or be silent, they should equal
the most degenerate days of the Roman Republic
when the horse of the Emperor was declared
consul.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, was surprised at the
language of the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun ] The gentleman spoke of an
opportunity of discussing the subject. Did he
not remember the presentation of the instructions
from Alabama' It was great injustice to insin-
uate the discussion had been put off by the friends
of the Administration, when he (Mr. C.) had
occupied the Senate most of the time with his
report and bills', since the resolution was intro-
duced The honorable Senator had spoken of
flattering the Executive. Had not that Senator
heaped upon the President, with the utmostlicense,
his censuies and invectives; and been listened to
with far moie attention than he had listened to
those who spoke in his defence, believing he had
acted honestly and with good intentions? Yet the
Senator compared them to the degenerate times of
the Roman Senate1
Mr. K. said, he for one was not disposed to be
branded as the supple tool of executive power.
If the Senator makes such charges, he must except
him fiom the number     Mr K  said he would not
endure it.    There were certain disappointed aspi-
rants to power who always viewed things through
a gloomy medium, who were ever croaking over
the imaginary rums of our free institutions.
After some further remarks by Messrs. CAL-
' HOUN, MANGUM, and LEIGH,
i    Mr. CLAYTON would say nothing of the ¡n-
I struuions.    He had himself received instructions,
I but of a very diffeient nature from those before
the Senate.    His own State (Delawaie) had in-
. structed him  to resist any attempt to deface the
' Journals of the Senate, and he had risen to make
a motion that would give him an opportunity of
obeying.   He would first move to lay the instruc-
tions on the table.
Which motion was agreed to.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. CLAYTON then  moved to take up the
resolution, offered by Mr. Ben-ton, for expunging
from the Journals the condemnatory resolution.
Mr. PORTER objected, as the time of the Sen-
ate was required for the necessary business before
it.
Mr. BLACK demanded the yeas and nays.
The motion was suppoited bv Messrs CLAY,
CLAYION, LEIGH, and FRELINGHUY-
SEN, and opposed by Messrs PRESIÓN, and
KING, of Georgia
Mr. BROWN said he wished to. reiterate the
same sentunenis he hid expressed there a year
age. He thought the act, for wh ch the Presi-
dent had been censiued, was one of the brightest
actions of the present Admimstia ion It would
redound to the honor of Piesident Jackson to the
latest period of our Republic.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided in the affirmative
Y'EAS— Messis Bell, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Fieliug-
luiysen, Goldsboiough, Grundy, Hill, Kane,
King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Mangum, Moms, Mooie, JNaudtun, Prentiss,
Robbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Smith,
Swift, l'allmadge, Tomlmson, White, Wright—
33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Black, Cuthbei', He.i-
dricks, Kent, King oí Geoigis, Porter, Pieston,
Tipton, Tyler, Waggaman, Webstei—12.
So the Senate took up the resolution
Mr. WHITE then moved to amend the reso-
lution by stiiking out the word " expunge," and
inseiting " rescind, reverse, and to make null and
void "
Mr. W. said he could net vote to obli'erate ard
deface the Journal of the Senate. He believeJ it
was the r.ght of every Senatoi to have the votes
stand, that the people might know how they had
voted. He wished the resolution so named as to
express his feelings on the eubject.
Mr. W desired the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of his amendment; which were ordered
Mr. WEBSTER said he should vote against
the amendment He wished to bung the Senate
to vote on the onginal resolution.
Mr. BENTON said he believed the word " ex-
punge" w£.s strictly parliamentary, fie did not
wish to obliterate the Journal, but to make use of
a phraseology which would strongly express that
the resolution ought never to have been put into
that Journal. The word "rescind" was not
strong enough; it admitted the lawfulness of the
act at the time it was done It was a convenient
term when they merely wished to alter anything;
that had been found inexpedient. It was a mere
harmless word, expressing no maiked disapproba-
tion of the propriety of the resolution at the time
it was adopted. Every Senator (said Mr. B )
might vote to "rescind" the resolution, without
altering his opinion in the least. They might say
that President Jackson was the first Executive
that had evei been condemned in this manner;
therefore they wou'd lescmd the resolution. Such,
and no more, was the force of the term "rescind."
Mr. WHITE said, in his opinion, the term
" expunge" referred to obliterating the Journal,
which he could never consent to have done. He
wished the proceedings to stand as they trans-
pired and go down unblemished to posterity He
thought the proposed amendment, which declared
the resolution null and void, as much as said it
never ought to have been inserted in the Journal
After some furtner remarks from Mr. WHITE
and Mr. WEBSTER, Mr. NAUDA1N moved to
amend the amendment by inserting such words as
would reaffirm the condemnatory resolutions, but
he afterwards withdrew the motion.
After some remarks from Messis. BENTON,
WHITE, GOLDSBOROÜGH, and CLAY-
TON,
• Mr. WRIGHT'said he^id not rise to debate
this question, but merely to ask the indulgence or
the Senate to lay on the table the instiuctions
given him and his colleague by the Legislature of
New York.
Mr. CLAYTON objected.
Mr. McKEAN, after some introductory re-
marks, suggested to Mr. White to modify his
amendment so as to adopt the words used by one
branch of the Pennsylvania Legislature in their
resolution of instiuction upon this subject, which
would make the amendment more acceptable to
him—the effective woids were to repeal and re-
vel se.
Mr. WHITE adopted the words as a modifica-
tion; when
IS35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
A discussion of considerable length and much
f( uement ensued, in which Messrs BENTON,
M KEAN, KING of Georgia, BUCHANAN,
MA SGÜM, CALHOUN, CUTHBERT, PRE
LINGHUY^EN, KING of Alabama, CLAY,
and WEBsTER, participated.                                  ,
Mr MOORE said he did not nee todiseussthis
question at this moment The very feeble 8tdte
«I liis health would not permit it, even if he were
disposed Yet, the peculiar situation he occupied
in connexion with the subject-matter, he hoped,
wo aid be accepted as his apology for the very few
moments he proposed to detain the Senate, He
said it was true, as had been intimated by the hon-
orable Senatoi f.om South Carolina, [Mr Cal-
i'oli,] that the General Assembly of Alabama
had sent him two sets of instructions in thefiist, j
he was instructed to lesign his seat here, and in
the second, he was instructed to vote in favor of
expunging the resolution adopted by the Senate,
censuring the course of the Executive pursued in
relation to the public treasure of the country.
As these resolutions are contradictory in their
character, and at variance with each other, he had
found no little difficulty in complying with both,
although an advocate for the right of instruction,
if he had complied with the first set of instruc
tions, viz- have forthwith resigned his seat, he, of
course, could not have compiled with the second
set of instructions, viz: he could not have voted m
favor of expunging the resolution,as instructed in
the second. He, therefore, afar mature delibe-a 1
Hon, nad cometo the conclusion, that, as regarded
the first, requiring his resignation, he could not
admit the right of the General Assembly to alter
or change the constitutional tenure of Ins office,
and he had made an appeal to the sovereign people
of the State, to whom the members of the General
Assembly and himself were alike responsible
He said, again, as the subsequent resolution or
la.v is viewed as lepealing the former, wheie there
exists inconsistency, he did not know but the 1
General Assembly had thought better of this mat-
tei, and, after passing the resolutions requesting a
resignation, therefore adopted the second, in order
to repeal the former, in. adopting which they had
n# legitimate power
Nov/, (said Mr M ,) as regards the instructions
to vote in favor of expunging the resolution cen-
suring the course of the President, if the General
Assembly mean, by "expunging," a repeal, a'
reversal, or a rescinding oí the obnoxious resolu- j
tion, he could  have no difficulty in yielding an |
imp! cit obedience to their inductions, because
he voted agaii st this resolution, true, sir, under a
diffeient influence from that which operated upon
his colleague
Mr M &aid he had express'y stated that in his |
own private convictions of this matter, in the act
of the Executive m the removal of the public
treasure fiom the place where it had been depos- I
ited by law, was involved an abuse of Executive
power, to say theleast Notwithstanding this was
his own view, believing as he did at the time, tnat
¡' mnj inly of those whom he had the honor to i ep-
resent entertained different views, he had, in obe-
dience to the supposed will and wishes of his con-
stituents, recorded his vote in opposition to this
obnoxious resolution, and he was now prepared
to reaffum that vote
B it (said Mi M ) it may be that the General
Assembly or theleaders in these resolutions of in-
structions weie ignorant of the precise vote that
he bad given, for, said he, he could not b°!ieve
the last Geneial A"-,embly could have intended to
e^pless t'.e least doubt of the o>thodox political
faith of his colleague, nor his willingness to vote
11 favor of the expunging lesolution, but he said
1 e was glad to find, upon this oc asion, that the
General Assembly and he himself had been m s
taken for, (said Mr M ,) when these resolutions
fiom the General Assembly of Alabama uere first
received and presented by his colleague, he thought
Ins colleague had then given an earnest of his
■views in favor of them altogethei, but he was now
informed by his colleague that he believed it would 1
be unconstitutional to expunge, deface, or falsify
the Journals Sir, (said Mr M ,) he was much ,
gratified to find that his co'letigue and himself
thought alike upon this subject—he was glad to
find thev would vote togcthei on th'S topic             |
Mi   KING, of AUbami.then moved to amend
that part of the resolution pioposed to be stricken
i out, by first striking out the words "ordered to be
i expunged from the journals "
j Mr MOORE demanded the yeas and nays upon
the question, which were oidered, and are as fol-
I lows:
| YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benton, Bibh, Black,
Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Cuthbert, Ewmg, Fre
linghuysen, Goldsborough, Grundy, Hendricks,
I Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Knight, Leigh, Lmn.McKean, Mangum, Moore,
Morns, Naudam, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins,
Robinson, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tip-
ton, Tomlmson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster,
and White—39
NAYS—Messrs Brown,Hill, Porter,Ruggles,
Shepley, Tallmadge, and Wright—7
So the motion to strike out prevai'ed
Mr WEBSTER then moved to lay the whole
subject on the table, refusing to withdraw the mo-
tion, and demanded the yeas and nays, thereon;
which were ordered, and the question was deter-
mined in the affirmative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Clay, Ciayton, Ewing, Freimghuysen, Goldsbo-
rough, Kent, Knight, Mangum, Naudam, Pom-
dexter, Porter, Pientiss, Pieston, Robbins, Sils-
bee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton, Tomlinson,
Tyler, Waggaman, and Webster—27
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama,
King of Geoigia, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Moore,
Morns, Roomson, Rusgles, Shepley, Tallmadge,
White, and Wught-20
The Senate then took a recess till five o'clock.
EVENING SESSION
Mi POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, made a report of the investiga-
tions of the committee into the subject of frauds in
the sales of the public lands, accompanied by the
testimony taken under the authority of the com-
mittee, in íelation thereto
Mr POINDEXTER then moved that the report
and documents be punted, and referred to the
Piesident of the United States, which was agreed
to
Mr POINDEXTER then moved that five thou-
sand additional copies of the report and evidence
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was opposed by Messrs. HILL,
WRIGHT, and BENTON, when Mr. WRIGHT
asked the yeas and nays upon the question, which
were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewmg,Goldst>orough, Hendricks, Kent,
Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudam,
Poindextei, Poner, Prentiss, Preston, Silsoee,
Smith, Southard, Tomlinson, and Tyler—23
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Linn, Morns, Ruggles, Sheo-
ley, Tallmadge, Tipton, White, and Wright—17
So the motion was agieed to
E\Pt¡NCIÍ.G RESOLUTION----AGAIN.
Mr BENTON then submitted the following
resolution, which he desired to stand for the sec-
ond week of the next session-
Resolved, That the lesolution adopted by the
Senate on the 23 h day of March, in the year
1334, in   the following words, "Resohed,   That
'the Ptesident, m the late executive picceedings tn j
' relation to the public > evenue, has assumed upon him- ,
' selfautlioiUy and potto not conjened by the Consll- >
' tution and laios, but in ¿negation of both," be, and
the same hereby is, oidered to be rescinded and I
reversed, because the said resolution is illegal and j
unjust, of evil example, indefinite and vague, e\-
pressing a criminal charge without specification
and was irregularly and unconstitutionally adopted |
by the Senate, in subversion of the rights of de-
fence which belong to an accused and impeachable j
officer, and at a time, and under circumstances, to
endanger the  political  rights and to  injure the
pecunmiy interests of the people of the United
States.
TERRITORIAL ROADS.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate then took
up the bill making appiopnations for opening cei-
tam toads m the l'eriitories, when it was oidered
to be engrossed, and it was afterwards read a third
t.me and passed.
LAND TITLES IN LOUISIANA.
On motion of Mi PORTER, the bill supple-
mentary to the act to provide for the final adjust-
ment of claims to land in Louisiana, was taken
up, considered as in Committee of the Whole,
ordered to be engrossed, and then read a third
time and passed.
NAVAL DRY-DOCK.
On «notion of Mr SOUTHARD, the bill au-
thorizing the construction of a dry-dock for the
naval service, was taken up, considered as in
Committee of the Whole, ordeied tobe engrossed,
and then read a third time and passed.
HARBOR OP EAST THOMASTON.
On motion of Mr  RUGGLES, the resolution
providing for a survey of the harbor at East
Thomaston, in the State of Maine, was taken up,
consideied, and adopted.
CUMBERLAND ROAD—ROBERT EASTMAN.
The bill entitled an act in addition to theactfor
the continuation and repair of the Cumberland
road, and the bill to extend the patent of Robert
Eastman, were severally read the third time and
passed.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
At six o'clock the VICE PRESIDENT left the
chair, and the Senate proceeded, by ballot, to elect
a President pro tempore for the remainder of the
session
On the first ballot, the whole number of votes
were 44; necessary for a choice 23 Mr Poin-
dexter 1, Clay 1, Webster 1, Mangum 2, Sils-
b-. l 1, Southard 5, Tyler 15, King of Alabama
18
The second ballot resulted as follows- Man-
gum 1, Kimg of Georgia 1, Webster 1, Preston
1, Southard 3, Tyler 15, King of Alabama 20
Third ballot. Mangum 1, Webster 1, Pres-
ton 1, Southard 1, Tyler 20, King of Ala-
bama 21
Fourth ballot- whole number 45, necessary for
a choice 23. Southard 1, King of Alabama 19,
Tyler 25.
Mr TYLER, having received a majority of the
whole number of votes, was declared duly elected;
and having been conducted to the chair by Mr.
King, of Alabama, Mr. T. addressed the Senate
as follows-
Senators: In calling upon me unexpectedly to
preside over your deliberations, you have con-
ferred upon me a testimonial of your respect and
confidence upon which 1 place the highest value.
I accept it with gratitude, and shall fondly cherish
its recollection. You are the representatives of
sovereign Slates, deputed by them to uphold and
maintain their rights and interests Unlike the
Roman Senate, so much vaunted of in ancient
story, you owe your elevation to the high seats
which you occupy, to no adventitious circumstance
of birth or fortune, but to the ennobling traits
of intellect and virtue And what citizen of any
one of these States can fail to be proud of you>
Who can reflect without high satisfaction on the
daily display of intellectual vigor constantly mani-
fested in the debates which here occur. Party
contests may divide and sever—those contests con-
stitute the organic principle of free States—you
may seveially, in your turn, have become the ob-
jects of attack and denunciation before the public;
but there is not, and cannot be an American who
does not turn his eye to the Senate of the United
States, as to th= great conservative body of our
Federal system,and to this Chamber as the ark in
which the covenant is deposited To have received,
therefore, at your hands, this station, furnishes
to me abundant cause for self gratulation. This
feeling is not diminished by the fact that but few
hours now remain to this session, and that I shall
be probably cilled upon to render but little active
service in this place Upon this encumstance, I
congratulate both you and myself—for although I
have, for the greater portion of twenty years, been
connected with legislative bodies, this is the first
time I have ever been called upon to preside over
the deliberations of any, and I have only sought
so far to make myself acquainted with the rules of
parliamentary proceeding, as to avoid any flagrant
3>6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
vio'ation of them in my personal conduct Fir
lie short ¡euod whici  i 1 now elapse pri l to
yoar adjournment, 1 claim, and shall doubtless
leceive, at your hands, for the defects which I may
exhibit, and the errors into wmch I may fill, a
liberal indulgence
On motion of Mr KING, of Alabama, the Sec
retary of the Senate was directed to inform the
President of the Urited States, and the House of
Representatives, that the Senate had ekct d the
lion Joh-j Tyler President pio tempo)e of the
Senate
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
The bill making a further appropriation in aid
of the Chesapeake and Onio canal was taken up
for consideration
The amendment to insert £300 000 being under
consideration, was supported by Mr KENT and
Mr CLAY, and opposed by Mr BLACK and
Mr WRIGHT, who asked the yeas and nay 
upon the question, which were ordeied, ard are
as follows
YEAS—Messrs Cay, Clayton, Ewmg, Fie
htghuysen, Go'dsborough, Hendnrlis, Kent,
Linn, McKean, Moore, Naudain, Pomdtxter,
Por er, llobbins, Southard, Tipton—16
NAYS—Messrs Ceil, Benton, B oh, Black
Biown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuthben, Giundy,
Hill, Kin" of Alabama, Ku g of Gengia, K light,
Leigh, Mangum, Morns, P enti s, Pieston, Rob
mson, Rubles, Shepley,Smith,Swift,Tallmadge,
Tomhnson, Tyler, White, WnDn*—29
So the amendment was dis^g eed to
Mr GOLD3BOROUGH then moved to insert
an appropriation of §200 Ü0Ü, upon which Mr
BLACK asked the yeas and nays, /Inch weie
ot 'ered
M SHEPLrYspolte in opposition to the hill,
and Mr CLAY and Mi LINN m support o ^ ,
wl en Mr ROilUNSON moved to hy tne ü it on
tne table, which was disagreed to, on a division
—ye s 19, nayo 2)
After some further opposition from Mr SHEP-
LEY—
IV r WEBSTER rerewed the motion to lay the
bill on the tab'e, which was agreed to
CiVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL
The Senate then took up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, which v as leturned fiom
the House, and proceeded to consider the vote of
that body disagreeing to tne amendment of the
Senate, ptoviding that " salary a id outfit of the
Mimstei to Gieat Britain shall not be paid, unless
such Minister shall be apionted by and with the
advice ai d consent of the Senate "
Mr WEBSTER moved that the Senate irsist
on their amendment, which was agreed to, and
the House dnected to be informed thereof
A committee of conference, consisting of Mr
Ci \\, Mr Wright, and Mr Ewinc, was then
appointed on the part of the Senat 
The other amendments of tlie_Flonse to the
amendments of the Senate weie severally consid-
ertd, and being immaterial, \ ere gone through
with, 3ome being agreed to and others dissenttd
from
FORTIFICATION DILI
The Seiate then took up the fortification bill,
and proceeded to the several amendments "nade by
the House to the amendments of the Senate
The minor am nlmepts having Leen gone
through, the one placing at tne uisposal of the
Pieoident 4,3 000 000, to be used, under hi-, diiec
tions, in augmenting the aimy and navy, and re
pairing the ¡unifications of ti e Unit-d States, so
as to put the country in a posture of defence, in
case ther  shall be necessity for t befoie the next
meetirg of Congress, was taken un   v i en
Mesvs WEBSTER, CALHOUN, LEIGH,
SOU! HARD, CLAY, and PUC81 ON, opposed
the amendment, and Messia WRIGHT, LINN,
BUCHANAN, and CUTHBERT, supported it
The auesüon being on di«agieemg to the amend
ment,
Mr WRIGHT demanded the yeas and lays,
which were oidered, and are as fol'ows
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, CJhoun, Clayton,
Ewmg, Frehnghuysen, Goldsborough, Hen
ducks, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Mangurr, Moore,
Naudain, Pomdexter, Porter, Prentiss, Pieston,
Robbins, Silsbee, Smit! , Sou herd, Sw ft, Tom
In son, 1 ylel, Waggaman, Webs er, Wht e—"9
NA\S—Messrs   Benton, Blade, Biovn, Bu
chañan, Cuthbert, Grundy, Hill, Kane, Kins: of
Alabama, King of Geor'ia, Linn, M^rvean, Mor
ris, Robinson, Ruggles, SI <-p'cy, fallradge, Tip-
ton, Wnght—19
So the Senate disagreed to the amendment          j
Another amendment of the Senate wis to n
crease the ippropn t on of J,i0 000 to ^15J 000
fo   repairing Fort M 11 n
This   /as disigi ed tc by the Ho ise, and
Mi   CLAITlKN mov d tnat the Senate insist
on   hen  amendirent, whii.ii   was  a ieed   to, and
ihe House informed the eof accordingly                  j
VLTO SiES^'vGD.
A message was then received from the Piesi
dent, returning the bill author z ng the S c eta>-y
of the Ti easny to compromise th° cauris upon
the indeini lty to oe paid by the Kngofthe 1 v  o
Sicilies, with his oIjpc loi
1 he message was icid, ond, on motion of Mr
CL\Y, laiu on the   able                                             |
EiEtüHVL SrS'iOlS
Oi motion of Mr CL \Y TO^f, tre Senate pro
ceeded to theconsileration of t\eei we lusmess
ai d aftei some t me speiu t leiem the doors \^eie
íeofeneJ
3 ORTIFICATÍON BILL
The Sena e noli uo tn  foitifi atioi bill, which
was returned oy the Oou e, and the amen Iment
of the House plac ng*3 000 000 at the disposal of
the Pie ident, as sta id tbove
Mi WELoTER moved tra> he Senate adhere
to then disagi ee i g vote, and a  sed ti e y eas und
nays u[ on tne qaestio i win h were oideitd, and
we e as fol ow
YEAS—Messis   Bell,  Bibb, Calhoun, Chy,
Clayton, Lw ng, rtelmghujsei, Godsborcugh, ¡
Hend leí- ,    Ive it,     Ought,   Leign,   Minjnm, i
Moore,  JSanJjm, Poinde  ter, Porei,  P entiss,
Preston,    Robbins,   Silsbee,   Smith,   Southard,
Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster, I
White—29                                                                     I
NAYS—Messrs Bentoo, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Giundy, Uil1, Kane, Kingoi Alabama,
Kmgof Georgia, L nn, McKean, R ibniuon, R ig
gLs, Shepley, 1U madge, Tipton, Wi ¿lit—17
So the Senate adheied to theirdisagieemeit and
a committee of conferenc , consist  g of Messrs
WtBSTER, rRPHNoiiuYSL\; and VVaiuii, was
appo nted on the pait-of the Senate
E\FCJTIVE SESMO!*.
Oi mot on of Mi CLAYTON', theSerate then
proceeded to the consideiation of executive busi
ness ard after some time spent theiem the doojs
u eie reopened
PrifvTIING LIST   OT   PENSIONERS.
The Senate took up th  reso'ution requiring 'he
publica'ion of a tabular li°t of levolutio ary pen
sioneis now paid  by the  1 reasuiy Department,
si rular to tha   compiled fiom the books of the
Wai Departmen
Mr BbAT TON moved to rescind the resolution,
which was di&agieed to,
And the resolution was then adopted
PRIi\TIP«G RFPORT OV r AND TITLES.
Mr POINDEXITR moved to take up the res
olution  for print ng the  reports of the commis-
sioners appi inted to settle land tules, when
Mi   BENTON moved to lescind the res ilution,
And, on motion of Mr  KING, of Geoi^ia, it
was laid on the table
rORTl^ICVTlON BILL
Mr WEBSTER moved tint a message in
writing be sent to the House ¡emndmg them tnat
the fortifi ation bill was «tul undisposed of, and
that the Senate waited the fuither action of the
House thereon, which was agreed to
ADJOURNVENT SIJiE   DIE.
Mr KING, of Alabama, then moved the usual
resolution i lfoiming the House that ihe Senate is
ready to adjourn, but withdrew it for a few min-
utes, at the suggestion of
Mi WEB31 TR, who lemarked thatamessage
was every moment expected from the House, with
respect to a bill which was befoie tnem
COWMIIMCiT Oh   HOM\i   \RL-LPARTMi; - r
The PRL&IDÍ ¡NT jroíen/oie li d befire the
Senate a ct mmumcaiu n lion tie War Peprt-
ment, trai irutti g a staiemet o ti e i ur it et and
kmdofainsma t ic u td at tt e rational armo-
ries foi the yeji  líiío
Mi KINLf tl to iei-ewea his íeso'atior , which
was LUopted
The Sen-te then ndjoi ¡red
ITOÜ3C Or RI PRESI NiAIlUS
TiEsp\i,.U > 'id   IsJJ
Ey unanimous consent of the íni se, Messrs
CUi.MOiLa:   * SUN, eid   VHLDC   were
peimi tted   to rtcOid tlcn vrtes in favor of Mi
Aimb's reso'u ion, as imdiled rt the suggestion
o   Mi   C/"i liili-i-\o, on the subjectof Lhe Fiench
t etty
CIVIL A1\D DIPLOMAT.C BILL
On motion of Mr POLK, the House resolved
itself •nto a Committee oft e Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mi Hiijvrd hi the chair,) for
the purpose ot coiiMuei nig the amend r lents of the
Senate to the several a[ nroptiation bills
The committee fir t ¡. rocetded to consider the
amei dments male by the Senate fo the bill mal mg
appropriations rtr thesuopoit o^the Goierrpiert
for the year 1^30
1 he amendments i lcreasiig the appropriations
for the contingent expenses of the ti.o Ilouses cf
C ingress, and incieasing the appropuation to the
supenntei dent and Watchmen of tne Northeast
Executive budding, were concurred in
1 ne amendnei t providing that ti e salary and
outf t for a minister to England shruld not be
paid un ess a mmistei sh( uld be ippomted at tne
piesent session of Confess or m th* ¡'•cess, by
ana with the advice and coi se it. of tne ¡senate,
was read
Mr POLK sad he did not rise to make a
sneech His parj ose \ as to move that the com
mitte  disagr e to this amendment The amend-
ment was altogethe" urusual, and he believed
wholly unnecessaiy We should not prestune
that the Piesident would not discharge his consti-
tutional d i y, an 1 it was not necessaiy to pread-
monish him in regnd   o i
Mi ADAMS, of Massachu"°tts, said he called
the attention of the lions- to this subject when
the bib was before r He had, however, "ubmit
t"d no motion in regard to it It 1 ad row become
a matter of more importance that a minister
should besent to Ergland It our minister should
be lecalled fiom F anee, end our negotiations
suspended, it was proper that v/e should lave a
mrusterin the neigh ooihood This amendment
ought not to be sanctioned In the first place, it
was an attempt at dictation to the President, which
was, inconsistent with the Cons itution In the
cecond place, it made the appointment of a min-
ister deoendent upon a special call of the Senate
He did not ag ee tha* the Presidei t had not the
power, urder the Consitution, to appoint a mmis-
tei in the ruceos
The amendment va3 disagreed to—yeas 51,
nays 74
The amendment makirg an appropi ation in
favor of Jon^ RiNDOLni Clay, and N JNii.es,
was amended, by mseitirg the sum of §1,080, to
be paid to Captain Jo i i Downs for presents to the
natives of the Sandwich ard Society Islands, and
concurred in
The amendments m favor of Samuel Slater,
and for the purchase of iron c'iest3 foi the safe-
keeping of the records of the United States courts,
in the c ty of ¡Sew York, weie non concuned in
lie amendment appropriating $77 381 98 for
the complet on of the warehouse at Baltimore, was
amended, on the motion of Mr Poi i , by insert-
ing JCO.OOO irstead of the fiist sum, which was
agi eed to
The amendnent allowing to Valentine Geisey
4,802 87, was amended by substitu mg J8G2 81,
and ag eed to
An amenüment making an appropriation for
certain impío en ents being read,
Mr JARViS moved to amend the amendment
by making an approp'iation for the erection of a
Treasury building, to be constructed of granite
Mr   CH1NN suggested an amendment^ pro-
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
viding that the building should be constructed of
freestone.
The two latter amendments were negatived,and
the Senate's amendment concuued in.
Mr. WILDE moved to strike out the name of
Pereico, and insert that of Mr Thorwalsden, an
American artist, to be employed in decorating the
Capitol.
Mr WARD said, if there were any works that
commanded the admiration of the visiters of the
Capitol more than others, they were those of Mr.
Pérsico Besides, there weie provisions made
alieady in this bill for American artists.
Mr POLK appealed to the House not to en-
gage in discussions about the merits of artists, at
the last day of the session, with so much business
before them that must be acted on. He hoped
the amendment would at once be rejected.
After a few words from Mr. MERCER, the
amendment was negatived.                            '
Mr WILDE moved to strike out the name of
Mr  Pérsico, and insert that of Mr  Greenough.
Mi ] CI ADAMS said Mr. Greenough was
already engaged in a great work.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr HAMER then moved to strike out the
■whole paragraph, which was agreed to.
Mr. Jarvis's amendment was negatived, and
the amendment of the Senate was concurred m
without a division.
Mr POLK moved that the House non-concur
in the amendment of the Senate providing $250
for recording the opinions of the Judges of the
Supieme Court. The clerk already received suf-
ficient.
Mi HARDiN briefly supported it, and it was
agreed to
Mr MASON, of Virginia, proposed an item of
«¡,7,400 for the system of military tactics for the
army of the United States
Mr MANN, of New York, understood this
was for payng General Scott for translating and
compilns; this woik, which he had done without
the autliouty of any resolution of Congress.
Mr WARD was understood to say that a res-
olution on the subject had been adopted
Jklr MANN had no idea of paying officers
twice over Geneial Scott now received six thou-
sand eight hundred and some odd dollars annually,
and the country was entitled to his whole services.
It was a case similar to that of Commodore Hull,
which the House had rejected.
Mr MASON, of Virginia, explained the facts
of the case A resolution had been adopted
authorizing the Secretary of War to employ a
person to compile a system of military tactics for
the army of the United States He had done so,
the work had been approved of and adopted by
the military committee of that House; a book-
seller had offered General Scott more than was
now asked Mr. M denied that the case of Com-
modore Hull was aralogous to this, because the
sei vices for which that officer claimed extra com-
peisation were w.thin the line of his duty.
Messrs PATTON, MERCER, ARCHER,
and VANCE, further supported the amendment,
and Mr MANN, of New York, and Mr. FER-
RIS opposed it
Mi BEALE proposed to insert $2,500 instead
of 4,7,400
Mr GRENNELL said it was to him a clear
ca&eof contiact between theGovernmentandGen-
eial Scott,and the only question was, whether the
woik was worth the money.
Mi Bi he's amendment was negatived with-
out a divibion.
The amendment of Mr Masc* was also neg-
atived—aye3 57, noes 76
The amendment appiopriatmg §1,330 for the
ptmhase, (for the use of the public land offices,)
i' copies of GdescvSeaton's documents in re-
lation to the public lands, was taken up
Mi LV I LE moved to amend the amendment
by app-opnapng i-i2,000 foi the construction of
one or moie fountain:, in the public grounds adja-
cent to the Capitol, which wis negatived
I he amenument of the Senate was non-con-
cm ted in
I he amendment of the Senate, appropriating
f 10,00) for Gales & Seaton'sState Papers, tot the
yeai   IoJj, v.ns read
Mi   POLK íetened to the large appropriations
hitherto made for this woik. A majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means were opposed to
the amendment
Mr. PLUMMER opposed the amendment.
Every time an appropriation was made to this
object, it was considered authority for continuing
the work up to the period at which the appropri-
ation was made He was disposed to limit these
appropriations, and stop the future publication of
the work, so far as the House was concerned
Mr. MANNING said that if a contract had
been entered into in this case, it ought to be com-
plied with. He asked the chair whether there
existed a contract in relation to this publication 
Mr HARDIN said ifthe books were published,
he would be willing to pay for them If not, he
for one was disposed to put a stop to this useless
waste of the public money He had received the last
and present year, a number of the copies of this
work. They probably cost the Government three
or four dollars per volume, and they were not
worth twelve and a half cents per volume; they
would not pay their carriage to Wheeling. It was
only intended to give a job to the printers of this
city, and it was high time that a stop should be
put to it.
The law authorizing the publication of these
documents was then read.
Mr. HARDIN said this appropriation was for
the present year. He repeated that the work
was worthless The small volumes were not
worth more than six and a quarter cents, and the
larger size not twelve and a half cents per volume.
Mr. BARR1NGER explained the manner in
which the work was compiled and executed He
was surprised that any gentleman should oppose
the amendment under the circumstances of the
case.
Mr HAMER said he did not understand this
contract. It seemed that seven hundred and fifty
copies were to be published, but as to the number
or size of the volumes, no provision was made
There had been already eight or nine volumes
published, and there was no telling whereit would
end. It might be continued for a hundred years.
He was disposed to pay for what had been print-
ed, but he would not go further.
The amendment was then concurred in—yeas
7b, nays 62
The amendment making a further appropriation
of "$10,800 for completing the printing of the land
documents ordered by the Senate was read It
was opposed by Messrs. POLK, PLUMMER,
and VINTON, and supported by Messrs. GAR-
LAND and E. WHITTLESEY.
Mr. E EVERETT moved to amend theamend-
ment, by directing the manner in which the fore-
going work should be distributed; which was
agreed to
Theamendmentof theSenate, asamended, was
then negatived—yeas 59, nays 61.
Mr R M. JOHNSON moved to amend the
bill by appropuatmg $2,600 for the publication of
the new system of discipline and tactics for the
use of the army of the United States
Mr LETCHER moved to amend the amend-
ment by appropriating to General Winfield Scott
$7,500 for compiling and superintending the pub-
lication of the foregoing work.
Mr. WILLIAMS proposed $5,000, which was
agreed to—yeas 76, nays 63
Mr HAWES moved a proviso, that the sum
to be paid to Geneial Winfield Scott should be m
full of all allowances on this account, which was
negatived.
The amendment offered by Mr. JOHNSON,of
Kentucky, was then agreed to, as amended.
Mr SMITH moied to strike out the several
items of the Senate's amendment regarding appro-
priations for the West Point Academy.
Mr SMITH said he did not rise to detain the
progress of this bill more than a (ew minutes He
could not, however, forbear to remark, that the
manner and circumstances in which this proposi-
tion has been brought before this committee, cleax-
ly indicate something mw m the history and con-
dition of the institution at West Point It has
been usual, Mr. Chairman, and J believe mvana-
bly the practice for the items now to be passed
upon to originate m this House, instead of in the
Senate In no instance, (said Mr S ) it is believed,
have they ever been brought before this House,
until now, in the shape of amendments tacked
upon the general appropriation bill of the House
by the Senate.
Mr WATMOUGH said he would explain the
reason of this course, if Mr. S. would permit.
Mr. SMITH continued: He said he well under-
stood the reasons for this novel procedure. And
the committee well understand the why and where-
fore the Senate has thus brought these proposed
appropriations before the House, but he would
not now go into their reasons. He would, how-
ever, observe, that it cannot but appear extraor-
dinary, that appropriations of this magnitude,
amounting, as he believed, to more than $120,000,
should be asked for the support of the Academy
at West Point, while there is lying upon the
table of the Speaker, a report of a committee of
the House, wholly adverse to the institution.
That report, sir, has come from a- committee of
twenty-four members, and is the result of laborious
investigation. And the inutility and unprofitable-
ness of the institution is so fully demonstrated by
that report, that the friends of the academy upon
this floor have not dared to have it printed and
the contents of it brought home to the knowledge
of the members of this House, and of the public.
Repeated efforts have been made to have that re-
port printed, but the friends of the institution have
as frequently defeated it. The report, sir, upon
the Speaker's table demonstrates, that only about
two in five of those who enter the institution,
remain m it to graduate—and that only about
two in five of those who graduate, or about one in
twelve of those who enter the institution, actually
enter the public service, at whose expense they
are educated. The report also demonstrates, that
such are the influences prevailing at the institu-
tion, that mofe dismissals from it take place an-
nually, than at all the other institutions of a similar
high grade in the country. The discipline of the
institution has proved insufficient to counteract
these influences. A portion of the cadets have
been within three or four years past publicly cen-
sured by the head of the War Department, and
to succeed in the government of the institution, a
tavern stand in the vicinity of it was necessarily
bought up a few years since, at en expense of
ten thousand dollars to the people. But (said
Mr. S ) the time of the committee will not admit
of my going more into the detail of the develop-
ments contained m the report of the select com-
mittee, which has been thus far suppressed. I
will, however, make a motion, and leave every
gentleman to take upon himself the responsibility
of voting it down, if he chooses, and I presume it
may be voted down. I will submit a motion,
(said Mr. S ,) that the committee non-concur
with each of the amendments of the Senate,
making appropriations for the academy.
Mr. HAWES moved to amend the amendments
proposed by the Senate, by adding an appropria-
tion forpnntmgfive thousand copies of the report
of the select committee on the Military Academy,
to which Mi Smith had alluded, which motion
was agreed to without opposition.
Whereupon Mr. SMITH withdrew his motion
to non-concur in the amendments of the Senate
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
six hundred and fifty thousand acres of land for
the satisfaction of military bounty land warrants
was read.
It was advocated by Messrs. McKINLEY,
CHINN, HARDIN, JOHN Y. MASON, and
ALLEN of Virginia, and opposed by Messrs.
PARKER, MILLER, VINTON, and BURD,
when the amendment was agreed to—yeas 83,
nays 48.
The amendment making an appropriation of
lands to satisfy certain confirmed land claims in
the State of Missouri, was read It was op-
posed by Messrs CAVE JOHNSON and WIL-
LIAMS, and advocated by Messrs. ASHLEY,
and WHITE, of Florida, when it was disagreed
to.
The amendment in relation to the compensation
of officers of the customs was read.
Mr VANCE opposed the amendment, and it
was supported by Messrs. SUTHERLAND,
PHILLIPS, and PINCKNEY, when it was con-
curred in
Mr McKINLEY moved an amendmentmaking
an additional appropriation for the pay of the
828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
naval officers, m pursuance of the late act of Con-
gress, which was agreed to
Various amendments were concurred in without
opposition
The.bill was then laid aside.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee next took up the amendments
of the Senate to the bill makingappropnations for
Indian annuities, and other similar objects for the
year 1835
The amendment in relation to patents for lands
reserved was non concurred in
Mr POLK gave a brief explanation of the ap-
propriation of $1,032,000 provided for under the
treaty of Chicago, with various Ind.an tnbes, in
1832 The Committee of Ways and Means liad
given the subject a most rigid examination
Mr LOVE said he had given this subject a
most rigid examination also, and he was well con
vmeed that if the House was in possession of all
the facts, they would never adopt it He was
well convinced that frauds existed, (not on the part
of persons in Washington,) which should induce
its rejection The Indians had, to say the least
of it, made a good bargain, and they might wait
anothei year He would not vote for so large an
appropriation as a million and th rty odd thousand
dollars, brought forward for the first time on the
last day of the session Mr L then moved to
non concur with eo much of the Senate's amend-
ment as provided for the removal of the Indians
beyond the Mississippi
Mr POLK again explained, by making arefer-
ence to the vauous treaties The Committee of
Ways and Means had taken up each item sena'tm,
and compared it with the provisions of the tiea-
ties He was himself indisposed to recommend
so large a sum, but after a most careful examina-
tion, he was convinced the sum was proper
The amendment was then agreed to
Mi McKlNLEY moved an additional item of
§810 foi a Mrs  Mitchell, for teaching Indians
Agreed to
The bill was then laid aside
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The committee next took up the bill making
appropriations for certain foitifications for the
year 1835
Sundry amendments of the Senate were con
curred in
The amendment increasing the appropriation
for Fort Delaware from ^70 000 to §100,000 was,
on motion of Mr POLK, concurted in
Mi WHITE, of rioiida, again relieved his
amendment, prosiding $10 000 for the lepair of
the sea walls at St  Augustine
Agreed to—ayes 71, noes not counted
The other amendments of the Senate were then
concuued in, and the bill was laid aside
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL
The committee then took up the bill making
apoi opnations for lu*ht houses, light-boats, buoys,
&c , for the year 1(535
Mr SUTHERLAND moved to concur in all
the amendments of the Senate
Agieed to
M ASHLEY moved an amendment for the
improvement of the harbor of St Louis, $20 001),
bu* subsequently withdrew it, in consequence of
o bul containing the same provision being before
the Senate
O i m iti >n of Mr POLK, the committee then
rose, í tid th' bills and amendments were several
ly repor  d to the House
C1ML AND  DiPIOMATIC  BILL
The geneial appiopnation b II was then taken
up
Mr POLK moved to concur with the Commit-
tee of the Whole in the amendments
Oljection be ng made, the amendments were
taken up seiialim
The amendment of the Senate in relation to the
oppropnation foi thesalary ofaMimstei to Great
Biitain was read
Mr WILDE asked for the yeis and nays on
this amendment, which were ordered
Mr  EVAISS moved to amend the amendment
of the Senate, so as to provide that the appropria
Hon should not be "pphed unless a minster should
be first appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, which was disagreed to
Mi   J  CI  ADAMS said this amendment  pio-
posed to introduce a new principle     The Presi-
dent had   hi'herto uniformly appointed   foreign
ministers of all grades, when he deemed such ap-
pointments necessary     This was a most import-
ant and necessary power reserved to him under
the Constitution     The amendment was an as-
sumption on the part of the Senate, thata minister
should not be appointed without the consent of
that body     This, if adopted, would Leone of the
mobt pernicious alterations which the Constitution
could endure     It was one among o her instances
of an at'empt to alter the Constitution in an ap-
propriation   bill      If this   punciple   should   be
adopted,  we should  have  other amendments of
the Constitution n troduced in a s milar wav , and
the President might be compelled in conseq lenco
to veto the general applanation bill     K was in-
cumbent upon the House to pi event any encioach
ments of the Executive upon the prerogatives of
the Senate     In   like manner, tie House  was
bound to resist the encroachments of ihe S°nate
i' upon the constitutional powers of the Executive
'I It was also the province of the Senate to check
I and contiol the action of this House, which was
quite as likely as the other branch, he would not
I say now, but in other times, to infringe upon the
!   lust lights of the Executive      The Constitution
provided three   powers,  who weie to cooperate
together in the management of the public aiiiirs
I Tiey formed checks upon each othei, and were
j so constituted that when one or the three attempted
' to   transcend  us constitution-!! sphere the other
two would interfere to prevent it
|     In conclusion Mr A   said, that the amendment
| of the Senate proposel  to lntioduc a punciple
, wnich was contrary to the pi a   K e of the Govern
I ment f om its corrmencement     Eveiy Pi evident,
| fiom Washington down, had pursued a different
1 piactice fiom   that pioposcd in  the amendment
It was true, the Senate did not assume dnectly to
| decíate t1 at a minister should not he- appointed by
I the Pi side>"t, unless pieviously confirmed bythat
body, but the means of such appointment were
withheld, and the Senate had deteimned not to
pay a minister unless appointed according to the
terms of then   proviso     He  hoped the House
would disagiee to the amendment of the Senate
Mr BAtlRINGER sa'd he was opposed to the
amendment of the Senate, and should vo e against
it     He be'ieved the Piesident had the power oí
appointment dunng the i ece^-s, where a vacancy
occuied  in that recess, and  he held that it made
little  d fference whether he wer  a ehaige   or a
minister    Tkie Piesident mightequally take upon
himself to inciease the pay, or to anpomt a mm
ister plenipotentiary instead of a charge, or vice
nm«, duung the recess    Mr B did not concur
with   the   geitleman from Massachusetts   [VIr
Adams]  n  his leasoning, although  he said he
should i or cui with him m the vote heintended to
give     He (Mr  B ) denied the right of the Presi-
dent of tie United States, upon former practice or
precedent, to appoint a ministei during the recess,
when the vacancy originated, or existed during the
-ession of thp Senate, rnd the President might
have nominated     He was aware tint it was a
contested question, as long ago as under the first
aJmimstration of tins Govemmen'   Butoneprac
tic  had been generally recognised, that of con
suiting with the S°iate whether they would ag'ee
t) institute diplomatic illations with any country
it vvvs so during the administration of Washing   I
ton and  the eldei Adams, even down to the time
ofMr  Jefferson      Ihe Piesident had never ¡ re-
sumed  until after th  administration of the last,
to open d'plomatic relations with a country with   ¡
out first advising with the Senate    Mr B said he
should vote for the appropriation                              |
T he ques'ion was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted as follows—yeas 114, nays 43
So the House cot cur-ed with the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole, and disagieed to
the Senate's amendment                                             ¡
Mi  JARV1S renewed his amendments offered
in committee,  embiaang approprif'ions for the
Capitol, the President's House, and the Depart
ments
Agreed to
On    the   Senate's  amerdment, appiopnat,n<"
$40 000 for prepanng, printing, and binding pub- i
lie documents, undei the act of 1832, a motion '
I was made to disagree, and Mr !I\WCi> de-
manded tellers, and the amendment was disagreed
to—ayes 58, noes 81
Some conversation arose on 'he Senate's amend-
ment, appropriating the si m of $>i0,800 for punt-
ing and binding the dociments relating to the
public lands, and the accompanying maps, by the
prm'er to the Senate
Mr PLUMMCR, Mr EVANS, and Mr
PINCKNEY, spoke briefly in support of it, and
Mr PARKS in opposition
The amendment was agieed to, without a dins
ion
Mi PARKER, asked for the yeas and nays on
the Senate's amendment, granti' gsix hundred and
fifty thousand acies of land for the satisfaction of
mi'ttary bounfv land warrants, but tí ey were not
ordeied—ayes 23, noes 115, rot one fifth
XI e question on the adoption of the amend ment
was takei by tellers, and decided m the affirma-
tive—ayes 87, noes 56
The amendment re'ative to the Missouri land
claims having been read,
Mr R M JOHNSON renewed the amend-
ment he offered in Committee of the Whole
Mr C 4.VE JOHNSON hoped the House would
not agree to the onginai amendment, and that the
cla,ms should be referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury
Mi ASHLEY advocated the justice of these
claims II  believed theie were not more than
thieeorfcur that would not obtain a favorable
decision in the Supreme Court They had been
before the Secretary of the Tieasury ever since
last June, and he had íefused to ojudicate upon
them He denied that tnose claims were founded
on fraud
Mr MANN, of New York, was disposed to
place confidence in the chauman of the Cimmit-
teeon Private Land Claims-, [Mr Cave Johnson,]
and in the absence of more uirect information on
the sutject, he should vote against the amend-
ment
\ Mr PLUMMER hoped the House would not
give the amendment the go by, for it was a prop-
osition founded on justice, and ought to be
adopted
Mi HAMER thought these claims shou'd be
I confirmed
1 Mi CAVE JOHNSON aga'n spoke m opposi-
tion to the amendment The claims req ured more
investigation than if waspessibl  for the Secietary
of the Treasury to give them He knew the
grosses frauds and perjury would be found to exist
in i elation to a number o' these claims
Mr  WILLIAMS said it was impossible to go
I into a legal adjudication of cla.msat that late hour,
I and ti e better way would b' to let the subject he
ovei to anotner Congress
M- ASHLEY agvin advoca'ed the claims,ard
■ defended the charactei of the claimants
Mr WILLIAMS again expiessed a hope that
the subject should be left to a future session
Mr   POLK demanded the previous  question,
and exiphined that he did so fiom a wish to save
the bill, if possible
I     The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put
I     The question was then put, and the amendment
of the Senate was disagreed to, without a division
The amendment in relation to the pay of cus-
| torn house officers was concurred in—yeas  80,
nays 49
The amendment appropriating jjl75 for printing
live tiousand copies of the report of the select
committee on the Wtst Point Academy, was
agreed to
INDIAN APPROPRIATION  BILL.
The House next proceeded to consider the
amendments reported by the committ-e to the bill
makin? appiopnations for li dian annuities, &c ,
for ls35
The amendments made in committee to the
Senate's amendments were concurred m
A poittonof theimendmentsof the Senate weie
concurred in, rnd otheis weredisigreed to
I he amendment of ti e Senate appropriating
§1 032 000, for carrying into effect certain Indian
treaues, made at Chicago m September, 1832, was
lead
Ihw item  was opposed by Messrs  LOVE,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES
23d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 7, 1835.
Vol. 2....No. 21.
VINTON, and H. EVERETT, and supported
by Messrs. POLK, BEARDSLEY, and GlL-
MER.
Mr. STEWART moved the previous question;
which was seconded and agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in—ayes 93, noes not counted.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for certain forti-
acations, already commenced, was taken up.
A portion of the amendments adopted in the
ammittee to the Senate's amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$75,000 for the repair of the fortifications in Bos-
ton harbor was read.
The question being on the amendment to
this item, adopted in committee, appropriating
$3,000,000, to be expended by the President in
the recess of Congress, if he should deem it ex-
pedient, for the military and naval service, includ-
ing fortifications, ordnance, &c,
Mr. HIESTER demanded the yeas end nays;
which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, John
Adams, J. J. Allen, William Allen, Beale, Bean,
Beardsiey, Beaumont, Bockee, Bodle, Boon,
Brown, Bull, Bunch, Bynum,Cage,Cambreleng,
Carmiehael, Casey, Chaney,Samuel Clark,Con-
nor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Denny, Dickerson,
Dickinson, Dunlap, Horace Everett, Forester,
William K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Gillet,
Graham, Joseph Hall,Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Hannegan, James Harper, Harrison,
Hawkins, Hawes, Heath, Howell, Hubbard,
Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Kavanagh.
Ki Igore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Lea, Lee, Love,
Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Manning,
JohnY. Mason, May, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,
McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller, MUligan,
Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Moore, Muh-
lenburg, Murphy, Osgood, Parks, Parker, Patter-
son, Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Plummer,
Polk, Reynolds,Schenck, Schley,Shinn,Speight,
Steele, Stewart, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill,
Vanderpoel.Van Houten.Wagner, Ward.White,
Wise—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Heman Allen,Chilton Allan,
Ashley, Barringer, Bates, Beatty, Bell, Bouldin,
Brig s, Campbell, Chambers, Chinn, Claiborne,
William Clark, Clowney, Corwin, Crane, Darling
ton, A. Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Dickson,
Evans, Edward Everett, Ewing, Felder, Fillmore,
Foster, Philo C. Fuller, Gamble, Garland, Ghol-
son, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Grennell, Griffin,
Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Hazeltine, Hiester,
W. Jackson, William Cost Johnson, King,
Lewis, Lincoln, Martindale, Marshall, McKen-
nan, Mercer, Miner, Patton, Phillips, Pickens,
Pinckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed. Rencher, Robert-
son, William B. Sdepard, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Slade, Spangier, William P. Taylor, Phile-
mon Thomas/Trumbull,Tweedy,Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Elisha Whittlesey, Williams, Wil-
son, Young—77.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.                                                         ,
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
The bill making appropriations for light-boats,
buoys, (fee, was taken up.
The amendments of the Senate (which had
been agreed to in committee) were concurred ill.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr E WHITTLESEY submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be pre-,
seined to the Hon. John Bew., for the able, im-
partial,  nd dignified manner m which  he has
2L
presided over its deliberations, and performed the
arduous and important duties of the chair.
BRANCH MINTS.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Speight in the chair,) on various bills from the
Senate, &c.
BRANCHES OF THE MINT.
The first bill considered was " An act to estab-
lish branches of the mint of the United States."
Mr. C P. WHITE moved an amendment
establfshing a branch at the city of New York.
Mr. McKINLEY said he was favorably dis-
posed towards the amendment, but it was evident
it could not be sanctioned by the Senate at this
late hour.
Mr. CAMBRELENG advocated the amend-
ment.
The amendment was lost, and the bill was laid
aside.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The committee next took up and considered
the bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; which was laid
aside.
JUDICIAL LIMITS.
The committee then took up the bill entitled-an
act supplementary to the act entitled an act to
amend the judicial system of the United States.
The provisions of this bill, as before stated in
the Globe, are these:
It provides for consolidating the circuits com-
posed of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, with that
composed of Delaware and Maryland, and re-
quiring Judge Baldwin to hold the circuit courts
in the Delaware and Maryland circuit, so as to
obviate the necessity of appointing a Judge of the
Supreme Court in that circuit, and thereby to ex-
tend the circuit system to the Western States.
Mr. HARDIN proposed an amendment to the
bill, the substance of which he stated. Instead of
eight circuit judges, he proposed nine. If the
House would take a review of the United States,
it would be evident to every one that eight judges
were too few. The Supreme Court required
sixty days, besides what the States of the new
proposed circuit would require. The bill before
the House would require above forty weeks of the
undivided attention of the judge of the new circuit,
more labor than any man could well perform.
Besides, there was a great propriety in making the
number of judges to be an odd number, similar to
committees of the House, because, if they were
equally divided, no adjudication could be made.
Mr. H. farther explained the provisions of hjs
amendment as to the regulation of the new circuits.
Mr. ROBERTSON opposed the amendment.
A similar proposition was made to that House
some years ago, which was debated for three
weeks, and defeated, as he feared the present bill
would be.
Mr G1RLAND said, if the amendment were
adopted, the bill would be defeated as a similar
one had been six or seven years ago. That bill
passed the Senate, and when it came into the
House was defeated by a similar amendment to
the present. He urged upon the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Hahdin,] if he was favorable to
the bill, to withdraw his amendment at once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, also opposed
the amendment on the same ground, and called
upon the committee to take the question upon it
at once.                                            '          ,  .-
Mr THOMAS, of Maryland, expressed his
approbation of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. It has been offered at
his instance by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and had one good ingredient at least—it was cal-
culated to accommodate the new States witnout
depriving one of the old thirteen of a right en-
joyed since the organization of the Government.
With this fact full before him he could not feel
that the two gentlemen from Louisiana displayed
their accustomed liberality in urging, as they did,
the passage of the bill without amendment. New
Orleans, doubtless, needed a circuit court. From
the character of the causes cognizable by the Fed-
eral judiciary, that large commercial city oujjht to
have the boon this bill proposed to grant. This
was conceded, and the zeal of the gentleman from
Louisiana commended while it was displayed in
behalf of that feature of this bill which secured to
their constituents that which they had a right to
demand, and could not but feel they were unjust
towards the citizens of Maryland. If New Or-
leans had strong claims to the full benefit of ali
the courts organized to enforce the laws of the
Union, surely Baltimore, one of the first commer-
cial cities of the United States, will be cruelly out-
raged by the passage of this bill without amend-
ment.
The bill as it came from the Senate, was an act
of monstrous injustice to Maryland; and that any
representative of that State could stand silently by
and witness this sacrifice of the rights of his con-
stituents, was cause to him of great surprise.
With what propriety could the fourth circuit be
abolished ?   It appeared from the statements fur-
nished to the Judiciary Committee by the clerks
of the several circuit courts, that in the year 1833
the circuit  court was  in  session  in  Maryland
eighty-four days, in Delaware six days.   From
the same statement, we learn that similar courts
sit on an average in the Virginia circuit forty-two
days, and in the Georgia circuit, thirty-two days
annually.    There is then more business to trans-
act in the fourth circuit than there is in the fifth
and sixth circuits united; if either of the Atlantic
circuits were therefore to be abolished, it would be
much  more reasonable to  blend  that of South
Caro'ina and Georgia with Virginia and North
Carolina, than to make the unnatural combination
which this bill proposes.   If the venerable and ven-
erated  Chief Justice was  required   to  hold the
courts of Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina,
he would be on the circuit bench one hundred and
thirty-two days, while Judge Wayne would be on
the bench only thirty-two days in the year.   The
mere statement of these facts must carry convic-
tion to the mind of every man, that the true object
of this bill did not appear on its face.    In fact, if
members would engage seriously and solely in the
good work of extending the benefits of the Judi-
ciary system to the whole Union, and not in the
unholy work of destroying by indirect means an
estimable citizen, they would conclude as he had
done, that Maryland needed, more a separate cir-
cuit court than any State south or west of Penn-
sylvania except the State of Louisiana.    The
States in the interior cannot long furnish many
causes for the employment of the Federal Judi-
ciary.   The cases now pending before State courts,
in the western States, will be found to have ori-
ginated chiefly from the fact that this-Government
is a large landholder.   Trespasses committed on
the national domain, and suits instituted to enforce
contracts  growing out of the sale of the public
lands, will constitute, doubtless, four-fifths of the
cases which the judges will be called on to decide
in the circuit courts the bill proposes to establish
in Illinois, Indiana, and Missouri.    The time is
rapidly  approaching when   such  cases can   no
! longer arise, and then the judgeships now about
to be created for the benefit of these States will
I become mere sinecures.   Howdifferentmustbethe
i c.ondition'of things in Maryland-   Baltimore is a
' port of entry, at which is collected more revenue
than at all the ports of the four southern Atlantic
States    To collect this revenue, the Federal courts
are needed, and as its amount will increase with
the rapidly augmenting business of that city, the
labors of these judges will also accumulate.    J. he
maritime jurisdiction of the circuit courts too will
afford laborious employment to judges in Haiti-
more,and (through which city the citizens residing
in Virginia, west of the Blue Ridge, and in Penn-
sylvania, on many of the tributary streams of the
330                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________      March 3
Susquehanna, carry commerce with all the world)
while m the interior States named, few causes, if
any, co^ld arise under this branch of the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal courts
Mr T said it was too obvious to require illus-
tration, that the object of this bill did not appear
on its face and had not been avowed by those with
whom it originated This he would show more
fully than he had attempted, when it came up for
consideration in the House, when he proposed to
make a few brief comments on the facts and state-
ments with which he had now troubled tne com-
mittee.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing that  that body insisted upon their
amendments to the general appropriation bill, and
had appointed a committee of conference.
Mr POLK moved that the House insist, and
that a committee of conference be appointed on
the part of that House to meet the committee of
the Senate, and that the number be thiee.
Agreed to.
The committee appointed were Mr. Polk, Mr.
Everett, and Mr. Beardslev.
JUDICIARY LIMITS—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER then left the chair, and the
House resumed its proceedings in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on the Judi-
ciary bill
Mr. MULLIGAN, in order to avoid miscon-
struction, both hers and at home, asked the indul-
gence of the House to say a few words on the
subject of this bill Suits in the State of Delaware
were like angels visits, few and far between. He
felt perfectly satisfied that his constituents would
approve of the bill upon the table He should
support it, believing he had their sanction for so
doing He concluded by eulogizing the character
of Judge Marshall
Mi CARMICHAEL said, if the amendment
Df the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Hardin]
was agreed to, he would vote for the bill, other-
wise he should feel it his duty to enter into a
detailed discussion of the merits of the bill. After
Borne further remarks, he yielded the floor to
Mr MILLER, of Pennsylvania.who suggested
that it would facilitate the business of the House,
if the committee should rise and repoit their pro-
ceedings to the House
Mr FILLMORE expressed a similar wish.
Mr Carmichael here yielded the floor, in
order that the leport of the joint committee of
conference on the disagreement of the two Houses,
in relation to amendments to the general appro-
priation, bi'l, might be made
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
TheSPEAKER having resumed thechan, Mr
POLK, from the joint committee of conference,
reported that the ctfmmittee had unanimously
agreed to íecommend to the House to recede fiom
its disagieement to the amendment of the Senate,
making appropriations for the salary of a Minis-
ter to Gieat Butain, and Secretary of Legation,
at d that the s-ilary of a Minister to Oieat Britain
be stiicktn out This branch of the report was
coneuned in by the House, as also theiecom-
merdatun that the House recede from its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate, makirg
an -ipoiopnat,on to Samuel Slatei, to Gales &
Seaton, foi punting congressional documents, ->r]d
making an appropriation for printing five thousand
copies of the report of the comm.ttee on the West
Point Academy
Die joint commntee of confetence further recom-
mended that the Senate recede from their amend-
ments in relation to land claims in Missouri, and
an aoprounaiion fur a load in Alabama
The Hiuse then insisted upon the tivo'atter
amendments
JUDICIAL LIMITS—AGAIN.
The  House  being again m Committee of the
Whole, Mr   HARDIN propose!  to amend the ,
bul by «Miking out  seven and inserting eight as
applied  to  tl.e  number of judges of the cncui', |
with several   other  amendments  íelative   to its
location and boundaries                                              h
The amend1 icnts weie affreed to                           ||
Mr 1 HO VI AS, of Maryland, said his colleague l|
[Mi   Cti uicm l] had given way on the under   i
standing that when the bill came into the House ¡
he should not be prevented from delivering his
views on it by the motion for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr BEARDSLEY rose (he said) to propose
an amendment to this bill.
FORTIFICATION BILL—THREE MILLIONS.
A message was here received from the Senate,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
House took up the amendment to the fortification
bill, appropriating the $3,000,000, and the resolu- !
tion of the Senate that it would insist on its dis-
agreement.
Mr GHOLSON expressed a fervent hope that
the House would recede from its amendment. He
was conscious that no man, woman, or child, in
the United States, who had any intelligence of the
matter, seriously believed that France would de-
clare war against this country. The appropriation !
was, therefore, unnecessary, and the House might i
with propriety abandon the amendment. He
moved that the House do recede.                              ,
Mr CAMBRELENG said he trusted the
House would not recede. If no measures were
to be taken for the defence of the country, let the
Senate take the responsibility.
Mr  GORDON was in favor of receding.    The
amendment was extremely objectionable.    It was j
unparalleled in the legislative history ofourcoun- j
try     It placed the purse and the sword both in ,
the hands of the Executive, and made the legisla-
tive subservient to the executive power.    It was I
but yesterday that we were told emphatically that |
there was to be no war wjth France.   To-night, i
at tne moment of adjournment, we were called
upon to place the whole public treasure in the
hands of the Executive to provide for the contin-
gencies of war
Mr BYNUM said he trusted in God this House
would not recede from this amendment This
was an opposition evidently not to the measure,
but to the Executive This question between
America and France was about to be tortured into
an Administration and an anti-Administration
question. Mr. B said he was sorry to see the
opposition to it come from the quarter it did, there
were certain parts of this country, and certain
men in it, he was aware, who would not intrust
to the President the expenditure of ten dollars—
but the Amencan people had shown that they
would intrust in his hands ten millions
Mr GHOLSON here explained It was far
from his intention to make this either an Admin-
istration or an anti-Administration question; the
opposition which he made to this measure he
would extend to the Father of his Country, were
he to rise and propose it.
Mr. BYNUM continued. He could not be
deceived—this was evidently a measure of oppo-
sition to the Admmistiation, and there were men
who would willingly see the banner of France
waving over your Capitol, rather than lose the
opportunity of making a thrust at the Admims-
trat'on He could see through it Another branch
of this Government, not satisfied with endeavor-
ing to thwart the patnotic views of the Executive,
must now attempt to legislate for us Let them
triumph, and he asked where is your indepen-
dence' where yout constitutional power' where
your republican Government' Gone, sunk in
I oblivion, and you have a lank anstocracy for
li yom Government
Mr WISE said he agreed with his col'eague
[Mr Gholson] that this was no pitiful Adminis-
tration or anti Administration quebtton It was
a national question, and in that view he, for one,
had voted for it But Mr W said he rose more
especially to notice a remaik of another colleague,
[Mr Gordon,] who had said this amendment
vested legislative powers in the Executive; that it
unites the purse with the sword This position
he denied He a ked how we were si uated at
the commencement of the last war with G-eat
Butain' Was not 'he same cry then heard ' And
how did we then find luise'ves prepared for the
emeigency' He deled the gent'emana* a lawyer,
a constitutional lawyer, to show in what resnect
the legislative power was placd in the hands of
the Executive Mr W said he we- as much
opposed as his honorable colleague could neto the
overweening and all giaspi g tendency of execu-
tive power. Mr. W did not distinctly recollect
whether his colleague [Mr Gordon] voted fo«
the "peace resolution" of his other colleague,
[Mr Archer ] Mr. W. said for himself he
could say he did vote for it. But he believed in
the propriety of in peace preparing for war. He
did believe there absolutely existed a danger, a
prospect of war, and in the event of its occurrence,
every fortification on your coast was liable to fall
into the hands of a stiong maritime Power. He
wished to give his constituents information—and
he regretted that he was compelled to use the time
of the House to tell them that such was the danger
m which their interests stood. He believed the
appropriation to be politic and necessary; and h 
would adhere to it
Mi McKENNAN here moved the previous
question; which was seconded.
The mam question was then put on the motion
of Mr Gholson, to recede from the amendment
of the House, appropriating $3,000,000 for tha
support of fortifications, and. taken by yeas and
nays, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs.John Q, Adams, Heman Allen,
Chi'ton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber, Barnitz,
Bamnger, Beatty, Bouldm, Campbell, Chambers,
Chinn, Claiborne, William Clark, Clowney,Cor-
win, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Davis, Daven-
port, Debeiry, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett,
Horace Everett, Ewmg, Felder, Fillmore, Foster,
Philo C Fuller, Gamble, Garland, Gholson, Gil-
mer, Gordon, Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland
Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Harper, Hazeltine,
Hiester, William Jackson, William C. Johnson,
Henry Johnson, Seaborn Jones, King, Lay,
Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Martmdale, Marshall,
McKay, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Miner,
Patton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney, Potts, Ram-
say, Reed, Rencher, Robertson, William B. Shep-
ard,Spang!er, Steele, Stewart, William P. Taylor,
Philemon Tnomas, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance,
Vinton, Watmough, Ehsha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Williams, Wilson, Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs John Adams, John J Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, B°ale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Blair, Bockee, Boon, Bull, Burns, By-
num, Cage, Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Samuel Clark, Clay, Connor, Coulter, Cramer,
Day,Denny, Dunlap,Forester,William K. Fuller,
Fulton, Galbraith, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas
H Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M.
Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Heath, Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Hunting-
ton, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M Johnson, Noadiah
Johnson, Kavanagh, Kilgore, Kmnard, Lane,
Lansing, Lea, Lee, Love, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann, Manning, Mardis,
John Y Mason, Moses Mason, May, McCarty,
| Mclntire, McKim.McKinley, McLene, McVean,
Miller, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Moore,
Muhlenbeie, Murphy, Oseood, Parks, Parker,
Patterson, Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Plum-
mer, Polk, Reynolds, Schenck, Schley, Augustine
H Shepperd, Shinn, Smith, Speight, S'andifer,
Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Turner, Turnll, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wag-
ener, Wardwell, Webster, Wh'te, Wise—110
So the House refused to recede from its amend-
ment
The House went again into committee on the
judiciary bill
JUDICIAL LIMITS----AGAIN.
Mr BEARDSLEY sent his amendment to the
Chair on the judiciary bill, being an additional
section to the bill, providing for certain alterations
in the circuit of New York, and making it the
second circuit Also, that the places of holding
the same shou'd be at Albany and Utica.
Mr B gave a brief explanation of the reasons
which had induced him to prepare this amend-
men' The northern district of New York had
now nothing more than one district coui t, and an
extension was gieatly desired It might be m-
quned what were the population and business that
I thepiopo^ed ciicmt embraced It contained twelve
or fourteen hundred thousand inhabitants, who
j employed as much capital as any other region of
the same size m the country Tne bill provided
for the erection of two new circuit courts in the
western country, a measuie for which Mr B was
decidedly m fj./or     The first of thpse two circuits
1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comprised tie Slates of Missouri, Indiana, and
Illinois. These thiee S'ates were íepreseí ted by
twelve member's in that House, le^s ihun one half
of the delegation to Congress from the northern
district of Aew Yoik The second circuit was
mterded to embrace Louisiana, Alabama, and
Mist, isippi, who were there repiesented by nine
membeis, and all of which were considtrably less
in population than one-half the size of the northern
di&tiiU of New York. In all these States, and
throughout the whole region of country, they
already enjoyed all ..he bei efits of the judicial sys-
tem Mr. 13 appealed to his western friends, that
while they were anxious, and justly so, to ootain
so desnabie a mattei fot themselves, they would
not be utinfiindful oí theclaims of so large a section
of country as that for which he was now advo-
cating
Mi FILLMORE begged leave to suggest to his
honorable colleagi e to make one of the places of
hold ng ti e court farther west. Utica was nearly
four hundred miles fiom the western part of the
State of New York, and Albany was still further
objectionable from the same ground Mr F.
would suggest Rochester or Buffalo He moved
to strike out Albany and insert Buffalo.
Mr BEARDSLEY explained, that he had in-
serted Albany because it was the capital of the
State, and CJticaalieady had one term a yeai, and
it would be better'to continue it theie. Peison-
ally, he would say, he had no objection to the
amendment, but he wasconvirced the public ben-
efit would be better consulted by fixing it as he
had done, and he hoped the amendment would not
be adopted
Mr FOSTER wished to remind gentlemen that
there was only one hour and three quarters re-
maining of the session, and he hoped further dis-
cussion would be dropped
Mr. FILLMORE said the bill proposed to estab-
lish two encuita within one hundred miles of each
other, arid leave other, and not less important
parts of the State, at a distance of four hundied
miles.
Mr Fillmore's amendment was adopted with-
out a division.
Mr. Beardsley's amendment, as amended, was
also adopted—ayes 80, noes 46.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside; and
the committee took up and considered the follow-
ing bills:
A bill to increase the engineei corps;
A bill for the relief of David Beard. The amend-
ment to this bill was agreed to.                                 j
A bill relative to the accounts of our consul at
London;                                                                        I
A bill to continue the Subsistence Depart-
ment, and                                                                     '
A bill for the relief of the Corporations of Wash-
ington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
All which bills were severally agreed to, and
laid aside to be reported to the House.                    i
The committee then took up the bill to carry
into effect the convention with Spam                       j
The question was on concurring with the Sen- i
ate m their amendment to this bill
Mr CAMBRELENG explained, that the char- '
acter of the bill had been materially changed by
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman
[Mr. Speight] reported the foregoing bills to the
House.
The bill to establish blanches of the mint of the
United States was then read a third time
On the passage of the bill, Mr. C. P WHITE
demanded the yeasand nays, which were ordeied
and taken, when there appeared—yeas 114, nays
59                                                                                   i
So the bill wa3 passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate an-
nouncing that that body still adheied to their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to the
bill  making appropnation  for certain  foi tífica- i
tions                                                                               I
Mi CAMBRELENG moved that the House
do still adhere to Us amendment.                              j
Mr   WILDE said he believed if the House
Bhould still adhere, there would  be the end of,
the matter.   There could then be no further con-
331
ii
"erence with the Senate, and the bill would be
lost
Mr MERCER moved that the House lecede
fiom Us a"ienument
Mr LYTLE objected to any conciliatory meas-
ures on the parte! the House It had already
gone as far as prudence or patience could dictate
It had conceded every thing to night that it could
with honor concede, and it was time to tire of con-
cession. Let it (Said Mr. L ) now remain with
the peers to answer for the consequences. He
wibhed to fasten—to nail the responsibility theie
He would not have the House to abandon tne
elevated ground which it now occupied Without
an appiopnation, the country would be left open
and defenceless That appropriation the House
had terdeied, and the country would put its seal
of reoioba'ion on the pusillanimous act which
thwarted the measure.
Mr. HA WES called f,r the pievious question,
which being seconded, the question was taken on
the motion ot Mr Merger to recede It was
decided in the negative by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows—yeas 88, naja 114.
YEAS—Messrs John Q Adams, Heman Al-
len, Cliilton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber, Bai-
nitz, Barnnger, Beatty, Bouldin, Briggs, Bull,
Campbell, Chambers, Chum, William Clark,
Clowney, Corwin, Crane, Crockett, Darlington,
Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Dickson,
Evans, Edward Everett, Horace Everett, Ewing,
Felder, Fillmore, Foster, Philo C. Fuller, Gam-
ble, Garland, Gholson, GJmer, Gordon, Grennell,
GuiRn, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Ilai-
per, Hazeltine, Hiester, William Jackson, Wil-
liam C Johnson, Heniy Johnson,Seaborn Jones,
King, Letcher, Lewis, L ncoln, Marshall, Mc
Carty, McKaj, MciCennan, Meicer, Mi'ligan,
Miner, Paikei, Ptttton, Phillips, Pickens, Pn ek-
ney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Robertson,
Slade, Spanglei, S'eele, Stewart, William P.
Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Trumbull, Tweedy,
Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Frederick Whittle-
sey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wil-
son, Young—88
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, John J Allen,
I William Allen, Anthony, Bates, Bajhes, Beale,
Bean, Beardsley, Bcaurm nt, Bell, Binnev, Blair,
Bockee, Boon,  Brown, Bunch, Cage, Cambre
leng, Carmiehael, Carr, Cii>ey, Chaney, Samuel
C.aik, Clay, Coffee, Connoi, Coulter,  Ciamer,
Day, Dickeison, Dick]nsop,Dunlap, Ferns,For-
ester, William IC  Fuller, Fulton, Galbiatth, Gil-
let, Thomas H  Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Joseph M   Harpei, Harrison, Hathaway, Haw-
kins,  Hawes,  Henderson,   Howell,   Hubbaid,
Huntington. Inge, Jarvis, Richard M   Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, |
Kilgore, Kinnard,  Lane,  Lansing,  Luke  Lea,
Thomas Lee, Love, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah
Mann, Joel K   Mann, Manning, Maidis, John J
Y   Mason, Moses Mason, May, Mclntire, Mc-
Kim,   McKinley,   McLene,   McVean,   Miller,
Hemy Mitchell, Robert MiteheM, Mooie, Muh- ,
lenbeig,  Muiphy,   Osgood,   Paiks,   Patterson, j
Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson,Polk,Reynolds, (
Schenck, Schley, Shinn, Smith, Speight, Standi- |
fer, William Taylor, Francis Thomas, Turner, I
Tunill, Vanderpoel,   Van   Houten,  Waeener, I
Ward, Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, White, j
Wise—114                                                                  j
Mr. HUBBARD then moved that the House
insist upon their amendment, and ask a ¡omtcom- '
mittee of conference   Mr II  asked to be excused j
from serving on the committee                                 i
The motion to insist was agi eed to and Messrs
Cambrelkng and Lewis appointed on the paitof I
the House.
HARBOR OP ST   LOUIS.                      |
Mr. ASHLEY moved to take up the bill fur!
¡mpioving the haiborof St. Louis, as ne-ct in
older, which was refused—it being alleged that
the 3d of March had expired, and that the House
had no right to do any further business.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for the continuation and repair of the
Cumberland road m the States of Ohio, Indiana,
ard Illinois, was, on motion of Mr. THOMAS,
of Maryland, read the third time and passed—
yeas 93, nays 81.
TrME or ADJOLRNMEIvT.
Mr JARVIS lose to a question of order.    He
desired to know whether the functions of the
House hi,d not ceased, ¡t being twelve o'clock at
right
The CHAIR intimated a disinclination to enter-
tain the question
Mr JONES, of Georgia, moved that the House
adj urn
The SPEAKER said that the paihamentaiy
coarse would be to adopt a lesolution regularly
adjourning the House
After a few remarks by Messrs EVANS and
J a AD\MS—
The SPEAKER said it was in order for the
Ilou«e to adjourn if it ihought proper
Mi   MASON, of Virginia, appealed to the gen-
tleman fiom Georgia [Mr  Jones] to withdj&w
j the motion to adjou'n                                             ,,
I Mr AD4MS Said if it was true that the fun/^
tions of this House had ceased, the gentleman
I fiom Georgia had no right to make the motion,
I and it would be unnecessaiy.
| Mi JONES withdiew his motion ftt the request
of
Mr SMITH, who offered the usual resolution
for the appointment of a committee to wait on the
President, and inform him that the House was
ready to adjourn, and that a similar message be
sent to the Senate, &c
Mr. GARLAND objected to the reception of
the resolution
The SPEAKER decided that it was in order.
Mr MASON, of Virginia, asked thegentleman
to withdraw the resolution, for the purpose of
taking up the íeport of the Comnrttee of Elec-
tions, to pay the Hon Robert P. Letcher the
usual allowance of a member of the House for the
last session of Congress.
The resolution was withdrawn, when the reso-
lution of the Committee of Elections was taken
up, the preamble stricken out, and the question
being on the amendment proposed by Mr Har-
din, to make a bimilar provision for Mr. Thomas
P  Moore,
Mr WILDE moved the previous question;
which was seconded—yeas 69, nays 65
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution repoited by the committee,
Mr PARKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were otdeied, and were—yeas 113, nays
3, no quorum voting
Mi. JARVIS moved  that the House adjourn.
Mi. WILDE demanded the «yeas and nays;
which were ordeied.
The Clerk proceeded with the call of the roll,
but before he had gone thiough with the same,
Mr GARLAND lose to a question of order.
He inquired whether members who were in their
seats were not bound to vote on the question un-
less excused by the House'
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. GARLAND then stMed that a gentleman
fiom New York [Mr. Beardsley] had not
voted.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said that making all alloiv-
ances for" diffeience of time pieces, it would bé
admitted by all that the hour of twelve had arrived
Being persuaded of that fact, he considered his
constitutional functions as a member of the House,
as having ceased, and were at an end He was,
therefore, not called on to vote upon any question
which might be propounded.
A motion was then made to excuse Mr Beards-
ley from voting, but a majorityappeaniig m the
negative,
Mi GARLAND withdrew his objections, and
the roll was called through
The vote on the motion to adjourn was an-
nounced to be—yeas 15, nays IOS, no quorum
voting.
Mr GILMER also declined voting, on the
ground that his functions as a member of the
House had ceased at twelve o'clock
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following communications:
A letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to the expenditures for arms manufactured at the
several armories of the United States; which was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the same 10 relation to
the transportation and  disbursement of Indian
332                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________Mai ch 3^1835.
annuities; which was laid on the table and ordered
.o be printed.
And a communication from the Postmaster
General.
Mr. CONNOR moved that it be la.d on the
table and printed
Mr. EVANS said the latter communication ap-
peared to be an appeal to the public thiough this
body. It asked no legislative action, and from a
glance at Us commencement he discovered that
Mr Barrt had styled the report of the committee
an aspersion upon his character. He submitted
whether it was proper that the House should order
the printing of this paper.
Mr. CONNOR said he had read no part of this
communication. He understood from one of hia
colleagues of the committee, [Mr. Beardsley,]
who had hastily glanced over the communication,
tfit it was respectful to the committee and the
House. It was a review of the reports For one
he would say, that if the committee were mis-
taken, and if they had fallen into errors, he should
be happy to have them corrected. He was in
favor of printing the communication.
Mr. MILLER said the House had ordered
both of the reports to be printed, without hearing
either of them read, and he was in fairer of print-
ing this communication, in order that it might
accompany the documents to which he had re-
ferred. The Postmaster Gsneral had alleged that
his character had been implicated, and he had
made an explanation. It was nothing but fair
that it should be printed. That officer had not an
opportunity of being present at the investigations
of the committee, which he should have had. It
was but an act of common justice to permit his
defence to go along with the reports of the com-
mittee.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY was proceeding to
address the House, but gave way to a message
from the Senate, by Mr Lowrie, as follows:
"Resolved, That a message be sent to the honor-
1 able the House of Representatives, respectfully
' to remind the House of the report of the commtt-
' tee of conference appointed on the disagreeing
' votes of the two Houses, on the amendment of
'the House to the amendment of the Senate to
' the bill respecting the fortifications of the United
'States."
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the committee
of conference of the two Houses had met, and
had concurred in an amendment which was very
unsatisfactory to jiim. It proposed an uncondi-
tional appropriation of $300,000 for arming the
fortifications, and $500,000 for repairs of and equip-
p'ng our vessels ot war—an amount totally inade-
quate, if it should be required, and more than was
necessary, if it should not be When he came
into the House from the conference, they were
calling the yeas and nays on the resolution to pay
the compensation due the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Letcher;} he voted on that resolu-
tion, but there was no quorum voting. On a
subsequent proposition to adjourn, the yeas and
nays were called, and again there was no quorum
voting. Under such circumstances, and at two
o'clock in the morning, he did not feel authorized
to present to the House an appropriation of
$800,000 He regretted the loss, not only of the
appropriation for the defence of the country, but
of the whole fortification bill, but let the responsi-
bility fall where it ought—on the Senate of the
United States.   The House had discharged its
duty to the country. It had sent the fortification
bill to the Senate with an additional appropriation,
entirely for the defence of the country. The
Senate had rejected that appropriation without
even deigning to propose any amendment what-
ever, either in form or amount The House sent
it a second time, and a second time no amend-
ment was proposed, but the reveise; the Senate
adhered, without condescending to ask even a
conference. Had that body asked a conference
in the first instance, some provision would have
been made for defence, and the fortification bill
would have been saved before the hour arrived j
which terminated the existence of the present
House of Representatives As it was, the com-
mittees did not concur till this House had ceased
to exist—the yeas and nays had been twice taken
without a quorum—the bill was evidently lost, and
the Senate must take the responsibility of leaving
the country defenceless. He could not feel au-
thorized to report the bill to the House, situated
as it was, and at this hour in the morning; but if
any other member of the committee of conference
proposed to do it, he should make no objection,
though he believed such a proposition utterly in-
effectual at this hour; for no member could, at this
hour in the morning, be compelled to vote.
Mr. LEWIS asked if there was a quorum m
the House >
A count being had, it appeared that only 114
members were in attendance, which was not a
quorum                                                   *
Mr. FILLMORE moved an adjournment, but
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. LOVE, who moved a call of the House.
Mr. CARMICHAEL renewed the motion to
adjourn
Mr. WILDE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 35, nays 76
No quorum.
Mr SMITH moved that a message be sent to
the Senate, informing that body that this House,
having completed the business before it, was ready
to adjourn
A message was received from the Senate by Mr
Lowrie, their Secretary, announcing that the Sen-
ate, having completed its business, were ready to
adjourn
Mr. MERCER contended that under the Con-
stitution and practice of the House it was not
bound to adjourn at twelve o'clock at night on the
third of March
Mr. HARDIN contended that under the Con- j
stitution the House could not continue in session I
after twelve o'clock at night on the third of March.
He  insisted  that the House had  continued  in
session more than two hours beyond the time
which they had a right to sit.
Mr. PARKERsaid the first Congress assembled
at ten or eleven o'clock on the 4th of March, and
the functions of this body would not cease until
that time of day on the 4th.
Mr BRIGGS said, as there was no quorum he
could not see the propriety of sending a message
to the Senate. His honorable colleague [Mr.
Adams] had said the other day, that this House
would be numbered with the dead on the 3d of
March That day had passed, and he would
only say that, if we were numbered among the
dead, we were the most noisy dead that he had
ever seen.
COMPENSATION TO MR. LETCHER.
On motion of Mr. WILDE, the resolution pay-
ing Mr. Letcher for his attendance on the House
at the last session was again taken up
Mr MANN,of New York, demanded theyeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution
Mr BARRINGER said the gentleman from
New York had no right to make a motion, inas-
much as he did not believe that tHe body was in
existence.
Mr. MANN replied that he was as much a
member of the House as any other gentleman.
The yeas and nays were refused;  but a eount
being called for, there appeared fi!r the resolution
—72, against it 3; no quorum.
Mr Smith's resolution in relatirJff to the ad-
journment was then read.
Mr PARKER wished to ask gentlemen whether
they could vote that the business was finished.
He referred to the situation of the bill making
appropriations for fortifications. The House had
appointed a committee of conference That com-
mittee had not reported; and the important meas-
ure remained unacted on
Mr. PHILLIPS inquired whether the report
of the committee of conference had been sub-
mitted.
The CHAIR was understood to say that it had
not
Mr C LYON moved to amend Mr Smith's
resolution by informing the Senate that the House,
having no quorum to do business, was ready to
adjourn.
Mr REED said that we could have a quorum
when one was wanted. That House had not don*
its duty—
[Here Mr. Reed was called to order by several
members. He, however, continued his remarks
for some moments amid calls to order and much
confusion.]
Mr. CAMBRELENG regretted as much as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Reed] the
loss of tVie fortification bill, but he protested against
the right of this body at half past two in the
morning of the 4th of March to call gentlemen
here, who in honor and in conscience believed
themselves no longer members of this body. The
bill was lost, and the Senate must be held respon-
sible to the country, for no member could now be
compelled to answer to the call.
Mr. BARRINGER said that the bill had been
lost by intrigue here.
Mi. LEWIS moved a call of the House; which
was negatived.
Mr. J. Y. MASON said that he understood
that the Senate had adjourned; it was therefore
unnecessary to pass a resolution on the subject.
He moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MERCER said he understood that the
Senate had not adjourned
Mr MASON said he obtained his information
from a member of the House.
Mr. SPANGLER askeo for the yeas and nays
on the adjournment; which were ordered
The Clerk was proceeding with the call of th«
roll, when
Mr. BARRINGER said that the Senate had
undoubtedly adjourned. He moved to suspend
the call of the yeas and nays; which was agreed
to.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Mr. SPEAKER BELL then rose, and after
delivering an appropriate valedictory address,
adjourned the House at three o'clock, a. m , with-
out day.
Reprinted, September, 1855.
