THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seyenth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1862.
New Series No. 181.
cantile community. The money received from
the banks and individuals on deposithasalso been
freely disbursed by the Treasury Department.
Of the twelve months* promissory notes orcer-
tificates of indebtedness $80,000,000 were issued;
but so overflowing seems to have been our Treas-
ury, so tittle use for money, that the payment of
$33,000,000 was anticipated, and on the 29th day
of May only $47,000,000 were on the bill book of
the Department. It would be a cheering sign to
witness an anticipated payment of any or all our
obligations, if done when the exchequer had been
replenished by a legitimate revenue, or resources
derived from the sale of long maturing bonds.
But as a fund was thereby exhausted which
should have been kept as a reserve,and which it
is now proposed to secure by this bill, the trans-
action is indefensible. By this hasty sketch it will
be noted that the Treasury Department, between
the 1st of March and the 1st of June, a short pe-
riod of three months, has paid out of Treasury
notes $90,000,000, from deposits $51,000,000, and
of certificates ofindebtedness §47,000,000, making
§188,000,000; and during the same time, with its
five-twenty year stock at par, it has sold or ex-
changed bonds to the amount of $2,699,000.
Masters of finance, behold! Oh, monstrous!
What an intolerable quantity of sack, and how
little bread. This rapid issue found easy circula-
tion. Examine fora moment its effect on the price
of gold, stocks, and bonds:
Gold.
March 1 2.2 per cent, premium.
April 1 i> "  
May 1 2 j "
June 1 3.2 " "
June 16 6.2 " <<
Central llailroad.
March 1 83
April 1 83
May I 85
June 1 6f>3
June 16 95
Average pucein 1£61 7o|
United States tic enty years six per cent, hands.
March 1 ' 92
A pi ill  93
Ma\ J      9y
June 1 104
June 1(5 107
Average pi ice in lt>Gl y0£
This sudden and apparently gratifying rise is
delusive, and marks, not the accurate advance in
the market value of the stocks and bonds, but the
rapid depreciation of the currency.
1 have remarked that during the three months
ending the 1st of June, only $2,699,000 of bonds
were sold. It is almost incredible that such should
be the case, yet it is so set down under the sign
manual of the Department. Advantage was taken
of the rapid rise m the price of our securities to
dispose of bonds, but not by the Government. It
may be remembered that on the 16th of Novem-
ber, 1861,theSecretary of the Treasury negotiated
a sale with the associated banks of $50,000,000 of
twenty years six percent, bonds, for which he ob-
tained §45,795,000, or about9l.59 centson the dol-
lar. Now, whiie the Secretary was engaged in the
pleasant pastime of issuing about three hundred
millions of notes and giving §3,000,000 of bonds in
exchange for notes, the aforesaid banks were qui-
etly and dexterously selling $35,000,000 of the
twenty year bonds which they had purchased.
Thanks to the Secretary they had the entire, ex-
clusive monopoly of the market, and netted, on the
purchase and sale of these bonds, a clean profit of
ten or twelve million dollars. That notable gen-
tleman inflated the balloon, and the banks sailed
away with the ballast. On these " propitious"
tiansactions so " happily accomplished," com-
ment is unnecessary, criticism would be offensive;
forgrateful " associated institutions"give the cue,
and all the woild exclaims, what " masterly finan-
cial ability!"
The past is gone, and let those who have the
wit profit by its experience. 1 am willing to aid
in retrieving the errors of the past to fill again the
empty sack of a spend thrift, but not with Treasury
notes. I originally favored the project of increas-
ing the sum that should be received on deposit to
181
$50,000,000, and when I proposed such an amend-
ment I was met by the assertion that it would pre-
ventthe funding of our debt,a blessing which the
Department seems not to have realized; and now,
true to my conviction of its safety and propriety,
I am willing to authorize the receipt on deposit of
an additional $50,000,000.
With the adoption of this measure added to the
means already authorized, and the receipts from
customs and internal revenues, I think we shall
have ample means to meet our daily expenditures
and even reserve a fund for unforeseen contingen-
cies. During three months the amount of cur-
rency poured into the Treasury on deposit was at
the late of four or five million dollars per week,
and if the restriction on temporary deposits were
removed, the deposits .would probably again equal
that amount weekly. Our receipts from customs
average $1,000,000 per week, and two months
after the tax bill goes into operation the receipts
from that source will be two or three million dol-
lars per week. In consideration of the circum-
stance that the banks have sold most of their bonds,
it is possible that the Secretary may obtain three
or four million dollars per week by selling or ex-
changing the five-twenties. That sum is realized
from that source at this time. From the sources
thus indicated I do not think it would be difficult
to realize weekly from twelve to thirteen millions.
This should be abundantfor all currentexpenses,
and give something to hold in reserve. I suppose
there are still twenty or thirty million seven and
three tenth bonds to bridge over the chasm until
the receipts from internal duties are paid into the
Treasury.
Having shown that the issue of $150,000,000 of
legal tender Treasury notes are unnecessary, I will
proceed to state why I think they will bung dis-
aster and ruin upon our country. What are the
notes authorized to be issued by Congress? They
are not money, they are mere evidences of debt,
of unfulfilled contracts, which the people by tax-
ation, direct or indiiect, must eventually pay.
They have been issued to relieve the people of the
onerous and crushing weight of immediate taxa-
tion, and as the faith and property of all the peo-
plearepiedged fortheir redemption, perhaps it was
proper to direct that all shall receive them as a
legal tender in payment of public and private debts.
On the plea of stern necessity, I voted for the
Treasury note bill, although they were not issued
in the form I thought best. At that time our sol-
diers had long been unpaid; those who in good faith
had furnished the Government with its needful
supplies had not been paid for many months, a*d
the credit of the nation had so fallen that supplies
could not be purchased at fair market rates. Al!
this is changed, and partly by the success of our
arms, but mainly by the action of Congress, the
credit of the Government has been restored. In
my judgment, the pledge of Congress to provide
for §150,000,000 of revenue, which has been re-
deemed by the passage of the tax bill, did, and will
more effectually, restore the credit of the Govern-
ment and enhance the value of our public securities.
By our legislation on the tax bill we have gone
to the fountains of our national resources, and we
have sought to draw only from copious and over-
flowing streams. We shall send out our collectors
to dip up a little here and a little there, and they
will cast it into the public reservoir from whence
it will flow in many channels to the same source
fiom whence it originally came—the wells of dili-
gence and industry.
We have demonstrated to the world our will-
ingness and ability to collect a sufficient revenue
to meet the ordinary expenses of the Government,
and to pay promptly in money the interest on all
our indebtedness, and set aside a handsome allow-
ance for a sinking fund. It is punctual interest
that capitalists seek, and an ample income fur-
nishes palpable evidence that such interest is per-
manently secure.
Over and above the conviction that a new issue
of notes is not demanded by the present or future
wants of the Treasury, I have insuperable objec-
tions to the passage of this bill. The same pen
that wrote, on the 7th June, 1862, " I propose,
also, that authority be given to the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue $150,000,000 in United States
notes,"thus wrote in the report dated 4th of July,
1861, after recommending an issue of Treasury
notes to the amount of $50,000,000, bearing three
and sixty-five one hundredths per cent, per an-
num interest:
" The greatest care will, however, be requisite to prevent
the degradation of such issues into an irredeemable paper
currency, than which no more certainly fata! expedient for
impoverishing the masses and discrediting the Government
of any coantry can well be devised."
Again, let me repeat that it is the same pen that
wrote these sound views in July last, that in Jan-
uary , 1862, asked for authority to issue $10,000,000
of demand notes to meet the pressing wants of the
T reasury, that in February approved of the issue of
$150,000,000 of irredeemable paper currency, and
growing bolder and reckless, now asks for author-
ity to issue $150,000,000 of "irredeemable paper
currency, than which no more fatal expedient for
impoverishing the masses and discrediting the
Government of any country could well be de-
vised." I pray you to give heed to these words.
They enunciate a fixed and immutable principle
of monetary science. I have called them up to
confront, overcome, and vanquish the suggestions
contained in the letter which ushered in this de-
lusive and pernicious scheme.
It is, indeed, the first step which costs. A slight
departure from the right path seems to warp the
judgment, dull the senses, and prevent a return to
the straight and rugged path of just and sound
principles in morals, politics,or finance. A fierce
lust after money has overcome the slight scruples
of the contractor, the careful prudence of the
trader, the correct judgment of the merchant, the
cool calculat ions of the crafty and skillful financier,
and even the moral rectitude of the Christian. Let
our care be that, with all the evils and disasters of
a civil war, there be not superadded an inordinate
expansion, and consequently a wild and ruinous
depreciation of the currency. I have no disposi-
tion to create alarm or excite idle fears. The de-
preciation has already commenced. The premium
on specie marks the declineof even our legal tender
currency. Let me quote from a recent article:
" A vast expansion of currency, with its depreciation of
money, in the issue of notes by banus or Government, is per-
fectly practicable among a credulous people, or where, irom
the popularity of the issues, oi, in case of the Government,
from patriotic motives, the public arc disposed to grant fin
easy confidence and encourage the issue, before an inevita-
ble reflux will demonstiato the fact of the over-issue and
consequent depreciation in the value of money."
Perhaps the most vivid illustration in history
of an undue expansion of the currency may be
found in the instructive story of the banking scheme
of John Law. I will quote from a recent mag-
azine article, premising that the entire issue of
Law's redeemable notesamounted to$540,000,000:
"Law's bank notes did ciictiiate eastland eagerly, gieatly
in excc^-s of the gold arid pilvei of which they supplied the
place. The rise of prices they occasioned threw all Fiance,
excepting the Chancellor D'Augueaseau and the lefiactory
Pailiamcnt, into an ecst.icy o( delight. A Plums had come
among them, and enraptured the nation with his ykill in
creating debt and conveitingitinto money. Prices rose four-
fold in the four years, from May, 1716,'to the commence-
ment of the year 1720. The distinction between price and
value being unknown, this vvondeiful rise of pi ices was
supposed to be an increase of value and of wealth. The
bank notes commanded gold on presentation at the bank.
Were they not as good as gold ? Who doubted it ? Few
suspected that this rise of prices was merely a depieciation
of the value of money, and that the currency of the king-
dom had fallen in value the exact equivalent of the rise of
prices; but such was the fact; the hvre had lost so much
of its purchasing power, and other nations were taking the
gold and silver of Fiance tor nothing. Precisely as many
hvies a& weie added to the currcncy in paper were addfd
to the pi ice of things over and above the true money value;
and neighboring nations poured their commodities into the
kingdom, to be exchanged for the precious metab upon these
term*, piofitable to themselves, but ruinous to France."
Such are the warnings of a somewhat remote
history in a foreign country; but the same immu-
table laws still exist as led to such sad results, and
human nature is ever the same, no matter what
the age or where it may assume a different phase
of life. But we need not go to a distant land to
