2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
paint the picture of folly that keeps pace with and
the ruin that follows the reckless expansion of a
paper currency. It is £r®sh in the memory of
men not yet grown old that our own country was
convulsed by an inflation of the currency that
tossed and wrecked the commercial world from
one end of the Union to the other. Even the
farmer, the retired merchant, and the capitalist
were seized by the fleeting spii it of speculation, and
staked their all on the rise of wild lands, town and
city lots, moonshine stocks, and wild-cat hanks.
Sir, I am sternly opposed to the issue of Treas-
ury notes to the amount named in this bill or to
any amount, because I think such issue fraught
with many evils, unnecessary, inexpedient, ruin-
ous to the best interestsofourcountrymen,and the
steady and continued prosperity of our country.
With such untold wealth as we possess, with
such vast resources as seek the garnering, and
with such impeiial revenues as will shortly flow
into our Treasury, it is discreditable and humili-
ating to resort to an increased issue of an irredeem-
able paper currency.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, to provide a
suitable currency for the trade and commerce of
the country,and carefully to guard its security and
purity, has been deemed by all political writers
ami statesmen to be one of the highest duties and
highestpiivilegesofanational Government. This
dutyis performed,and this privilege exercised by
every civilized country other than the United
States, either directly by the Government itself in
furnishing coin or paper for the currency, or in-
directly by conferring the power on hanks estab-
lished by the Government, und more or less under
its control. The Government of the United States
is the only exception, the only Government that
has not claimed this to be its exclusive piivilege
and duty.
it is the duty of every national Government to
encourage and sustain the trade and commerce and
prosperity of the country by providing and main-
taining a suitable and safe currency for the regu-
lation of the exchangeable value of property; and
it is the privilege and right of a national Govern-
ment to avail of, and control for the benefit of the
people of the country, any advantages and profits
that may accrue from its power to provide and
regulate the currency.
The bill passed by this Congress in February,
authorizing the issue of $150,000,000 of Govern-
ment notes, was in accordance with what may bo
considered to be the duty of the Government to the
people of the United States, and the exercise for
their benefit of its peculiar power and exclusive
privilege. Every one must acknowledge that thus
far thai measure has resulted beneficially both to
the people and to the Government. It directly pro-
vides means to curry on the war, without any cost
for inteiest, to the extent of $150,000,000; and in
connection with the tax hill and other proposed
measures, it has indirectly produced elfects, by
aiding to restore confidence, to establish the value
of Government securities, to encourage the trade
and commerce of the country, that are difficult to
estimate, butare undoubtedly of far greater value
than the direct benefit of furnishing that large sum
of money to the Treasury.
The bill now under consideration is a continu-
ation of the same measure, and is intended for its
perfection. As a business man I have no appre-
hension in regard to its effects. The objections
urged against it are gent-rally from the same
sources, and I consider them to be of the same
character, as those which were urged against the
first bill, and i believe they will prove equally
groundless. The most important objection thus
urged is the apprehension that an increase of Gov-
ernment notes will cause a great depreciation of
the currency. The rise that has occuned m the
price of Government stocks since the former bill
was passed, which is nearly fifteen per cent., in-
stead of being considered evidence of increased
confidence produced by success m the financial as
well as in the military operations of the last few
months, is referred to as evidence'of depreciation
of the currency; although the premium on gold
has been, until recently, less than it was before
the passage of the bill to authoi lze the issue of the
legal Ujndei notes. It should be lememheted that
one of the immediate results of suspending specie
payments by the banks throughout the country
was the premium on gold, which rose to about
five per cent, before the passage of that bill: and
that after its passage gold declined to one and a
half per cent, premium.
It may well be considered whether the banks
are not now encouraging the depreciation .of the
currency and this rise of premium on gold by
extending their liabilities and augmenting then-
circulation; and. whether any restriction of the
Government issues will not serve to encourage and
to increase the issues of the banks. I confess that
I can see no limit to a depreciation of the currency
that may be produced by the banks; and were it
not that I have great faith in the prudence and
wisdom and patriotism of those who manage the
banks, I should have great apprehension in regard
to' it, as no obligation is now recognized by them
to redeem their circulation, many of the States
having legalized the suspension of specie pay-
ments. But with the Government notes there is
a limit beyond which their depreciation cannot
reach, and that we know has been already attained
by the conversion now being made of those notes
into the six per cent, stock at par, known as the
five-twenty bonds, in accordance with the condi-
tions on which they were issued. This conver-
sion of the Government notes would check the
depreciation of the currency by diminishing the
amount of notes in circulation, were it not for the
constant pressure on the part of some of the banks
to replace, and more than replace, with their cir-
culation whatever is thus withdrawn by the con-
version of the Government notes. The premium
on gold has recently risen and is more than one
per cent, higher now than it was before the bill
that authorized the issue ofGovernmcnt notes was
adopted.
The deposit of money in the Treasury at a mod-
erate rate of interest was un nftei thought ingrafted
on the former bill after it was reported; and thus
far it has proved advantageous to the community
as well as.to the Government, though it has de-
layed the conversion of the Government notes. If
the Secretary of the Treasury could not use these
deposits it would be absurd to pay interest on
them. This authority to issue an increased amount
of the Government notes is partly to provide a
power to be held in reserve by the Secretary to
meet those deposits which'he has considered and
used as vso much addition to the available means
of the Treasury. Without such a power - <*e-
servc, the thought might occur at some time to
many who have made those depositswhetherthe
Secretary could pay them back if they were de-
manded; and it is possible that any doubt on that
point may create distrust, and even a panic, which
might embarrass the Government and produce
much evil to the trade and commerce of the coun-
try. But if this bill is passed, it will be known
that the Government has the power at any time
to pay the whole amount of the deposit whenever
it may be demanded, which will insure absolute
confidence in the safety and security of the de-
posit.
It is proposed by this bill to extend the pres-
ent limit of $50,000,000, in the former bill, to
$100,000,000 of deposits; this it is believed will be
a great convenience and benefit to the public, and
furnish not only so much loan to the Government,
at a cheaper rate than could be obtained in any
other way, but also keep down the rate of interest
on all other loans to the communityas well as to
the Government.
Congress has recently passed a bill to repeal
the law which prohibited the issue or circulation
in the District of Columbia of bank bills of de-
nominations below five dollars. It seems to me
Congress was hasty in passing that bill, and acted
without sufficient consideration, for the reason
.that, having refused to renew the charters of the
banks tn the District when tliey expired, their legal
existence was continued only for the purpose of
closing their business; and in that condition they
should not have been authorized or permitted to
issue any notes for circulation. To permit and
sanction by an act of Congress the issue or circu-
lation of any bank notes has been contrary to the
policy of the legislation of Congress for many
years past, and is inconsistent with the strict pro-
hibition of existing laws to receive or pay them
in the receipts and disbursements of the Govern-
ment. By that act, Congress directly permitted
and sanctioned the issue and circulation ofa cur-
rency for the people, which for a long time past
and now it refuses for the Government.
At a time like the present, when all the resources
of the country are taxed to the utmost extent for
the support of the war, there is no good reason,
that I know of, why the benefits and profits to be
derived from the privilege of furnishing notes for
circulation below five dollars should be given to a
few favored individuals or private corporations,
when the service of furnishing them can be so
much better performed by the Government, and
the benefits and profits accrue to the nation.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his letter to
the committee, recommended the authority to
issue §50,000,000 of Government notes in de-
nominations below five dollars, for which the faith
of the Government will be pledged, rendering
them absolutely as secure as any stock or bonds
of the Government. Such notes could, therefore,
be used with propriety in payments to the sol-
diers and all other small creditors of the Govern-
ment, with great convenience to the Treasury De-
partment, and great benefit and convenience to the
soldiers and other creditors of the Government;
and they can also be used with great convenience
for the people, particularly at the West, where the
amount of small paper currency, entitled to con-
fidence, is said to be much restricted. There is
no doubt that a circulation of $50,000,000 of small
Government notes could be permanently main-
tained, which would be equivalent to a loan from
the people to the Government of $50,000,000 not
bearing interest; saving annually to the Govern-
ment an amount of interest equal to $3,000,000.
If it is expedient and desirable to permit the issue
of small notes for circulation, it does not seem to
be the part of wisdom for the Government to le-
fuse to avail itself of the benefit of this loan, and
to save this large amount of annual interest for no
other conceivable purpose than to confer the ben-
efits and profits on others who cannot perform the
duty with the same security and advantages to the
community, and who have no claim to such a priv-
ilege. This is not a question'whether $50,000,000
of small notes shall be circulated; we know they
will be. The question is, whether the Government
shall derive any benefit from them, or shall the
profit on their circulation be left for the banks.
Should this bill, now under consideration, be
passed, the Secretary of the Treasury will have
authority to issue $300,000,000 of Government
notes for circulation; but practically, in my opin-
ion, the issue of them will never extend beyond
the sum of $200,000,000atany one time, including
the $50,000,000 of notes below five dollars; and
such also is the opinion of the Secretary, ex-
pressed in his letter. In such a condition, wuii
$200,000,000 of notes issued and in circulation,
and $100,000,000 of deposit payable after thirty
days, on demand at ten days' notice, the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury should have the power to
issue, in all, $300,000,000, in order to insuic ab-
solute confidence in this system, which Congress
has inaugurated, by insuring the absolute ability
to meet all possible demands against the Treas-
ury Department.
To provide the currency is one of the highest
prerogatives of Government; it is the power to
regulate, to some extent, the value of all property
m the country; and it ought nevertobedelegated
to any private associations or individuals without
the most carefully guarded restrictions and secu-
rities. This power to provide the curiency has
heretofore been exercised m this country chiefly
by State banks for their own benefit and profit; and
it. is not to be expected that, under ordinary circum-
stances, they would willingly and cheerfully con-
sent to have that power pass from them, or even
shared in by theGovernment. But in a great emerg-
ency like the present, when all private interests
should be yielded that will con tribute to support the
Government in conducting this war to a successful
conclusion, the same patriotism which induced
the banks so promptly to supply the means to pay
the interest on the public debt, when a traitor Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in the autumn of 1860,
attempted to break down the public credit by
omitting to make provision for tne payment of in-
terest on the public debt; and which prompted them
again, in the autumn of 1861, to take $150,000,000
of Government loans, for the purpose of supply-
ing the wants of the Treasury until measures could
be adopted by Congress; the same spirit of pa-
triotism will, I believe, induce them now to do
everything in their power to sustain the value of
the Government issues, whether of currency or of
bonded debt. There may be instances of selfish
