1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
are not reached by this. Again, the slaves in the
border States that have not been included in the
proclamation here referred to, Missouri, western
Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, and Kentucky,are
not reached at ail.
Now, Mr. President, will this thing, carried out
in this way, effect the purposer Will slavery
cease to exist? I know if it is carried into effect,
it will, in some measure, accomplish this result;
but the evil remains, that incurable evil, the exist-
ence of which, as the Senator views it, is incon-
sistent with our existence as a nation. I simply
mention' this for the purpose of showing that,
guiding ourselves by the limitations of the Con-
stitution, which gives us power—and fiom that
source alone can we deiive it—gentlemen cannot
effect the purpose which they have in view. It
cannot be accomplished consistently with the pro-
visions of the Constitution, as I conceive. I do
not understand this talk that we are nearer the
source of power than the Executive; thatwehave
all power over the war, even to the minute con-
ducting of the war, and the judging of its neces-
sities, taking them all into our hands, because we
are the representatives of the people". I would
have the honorable Senator from Ohio remember
that there was not one of us ever chosen by the
people. Not a single member of this body was
ever sent hero by the people. "We are the repre-
sentatives of the States, chosen by the agents of
the States—the Legislatures. We never had the
honor of a popular vote, entitling us to a seat in
this body. The President has as direct a vote
from the people as we have, and perhaps more so.
All this is assumption. The truth is, it does not
alter it at all, whether you assume and usurp the
exercise of power in one branch of the Govern-
ment or in another; its evil effect is the same.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ate is ready to take the vole now on this question,
I hope it will do so. [" Yew."] If not, I move
that we go into executive session; for we must
have a short executive session to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale m
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident 
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, before wo go into executive session, I move
that the pending amendments be printed. Some of
them have not been printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope we may vote with-
out going into executive session. Everything, 1
think, is in print that is pending.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont. Is the Senate ready for the question?
Mr. HOWE. 1 should like to say a few words
on this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move an
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We cannot
cct a vote to-ni^ht.
" Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not? Yesterday we
adjourned with the understanding that we should
take a vote to-day, so far as an understanding
could be had on consultation in the Senate. The
measure has no better friend than the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I trust he will not insist on
an executive session at this time. If anybody
wishes to discuss the bill, let him do so. If my
friend from Wisconsin desires to be heard, I am
not for interfering with him; let him go on and
discuss it; he has a right to do so, and he may do
it to-night I suppose. He has not asked for a
postponement.
Mr. HOWE. I have not asked for a postpone-
ment. Of course,! dislike to occupy the time of
the Senate at so late an hour in the day as this;
yet I really have not enough to say upon the
question to warrant me in asking that the bill shall
be postponed on my account.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think it
is impossible for us to get this vote to-nujht with
the fact befoie us that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin and others desire to speak. We must have
an executive session. It isnow past four o'clock.
I move that we proceed to the 'onsideiation of I
executive business, if the Senator from Wiscon-
sin yields.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I ought to say to the
Senator from Illinois that I have not the slightest
wish or purpose to stave off a vote upon any one
of these propositions. That is no part of my
tactics. I do not propose to speak with a view of
influencing anybody, \>ut with the hope of mak-
ing the Senate understand as well as I can the
reasons which will influence my own vote. The
Senate knows how much I have been engaged on
other business for some time past, and during all
the time this debate has been pending in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have only to say that
if the Senator from Wisconsin desires to speak,
and does not wish to speak at this hour of the
day, I think it would be most unreasonable to
compel him to go on. I know that he, with me,
has been so much engagedon the tax bill, devoted
to it day and night, that he has been unable even
to listen to the debates in the Senate on this sub-
ject, as I have been. If*any one member of the
"committee of which I am chairman who has not
spoken on this subject wishes time, it ought to be
granted under the circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin has not asked as a personal matter to him
that the bill shall be put over. This bill has been
under discussion for more than amonth; and yes-
terday, at a later hour than this, perhaps, we were
very near obtaining a vote, but it was suggested
by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury,]
that he mightdesire to say something to-day, and
it was put over, and, at the time it was put over,
a conversational debate occurred in the Senate as
to the propriety of taking a vote to-day, and, so
far as there was any expression in the Senate—
of couise the Senators aie not bound by it—no
Senator objected to that course yesterday. It
seemed to be a common understanding that we
would take a vote to-day. I know theie is a very
strong opposition to any bill of this character. I
know that repeated motions are made for the pur-
pose of defeating any bill of this character. I do
not say that m legard to my friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. IIowe.] 1 trust he is going to vote for
some bill, and, Imm the remarks he has hereto-
fore made, 1 infer that he will probably vote for
some bill. A Senator moved the other day to refer
this bill to a committee—a Senator who is known
to be an enemy to confiscation, and whose object
is to defeat the passage of any confiscation bill.
I do not mean to misrepresent the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and I am very sure that 1 do not.
He is onoosed to the passage of any confiscation
bill: he does not believe in the propriety of it. He
is entitled to that opinion, and of course it is his
privilege to makedilatorymotions; but I am sorry
that those Senators who' are favorably inclined to
a confiscation bill should unite with him in dil-
atory motions. I should be very glad to have my
friend from Maine support this bill. I have no
hope that he will vote for any confiscation bill,
not the least, and very likely there may not be
enough m the Senate to pass any bill, but I do
desire 
Mr FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to ask him the ground of that
opinion in regard to myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The course the Senator
fiom Maine has pursued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What course lias the Sen-
ator from Maine pursued?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I saw him vote on the
yeas anil nays to refer this matter to a committee,
iheotherday.on the motion ofagentleman known
to be opposed to any confiscation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ah! That is all. I merely
wanted to know the ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is pretty good
ground. When a Senator votes to refer a pend-
ing measure and all propositions on the subject
to a poison known to be opposed to the whole of
them, 1 think it is prettygood evidence that he is
opposed to it. I may have drawn a wrong infer-
ence, and 1 shall be very glad to know that I have.
1 hope I am mistaken, and that the Senator from
Maine is for a confiscation bill.
What I have said, I say to the friends of this
measure. My friend from Massachusetts is one
of them. He makes this motion to go into exec-
utive session. It seems to me we shall never get
this thing to an end if that course is out-sued. I
have persisted in trying to keep this matter before
the Senate for some two months, until I am afraid
it almost looks like a factious movement on my
part to do so, but 1 do think that we ought to
come to some action upon this bill.
If the Senator from Wisconsin desires to speak
upon this bill, and does not wish to speak to-
night, and his public duties have been such that
he could not be here to examine it before, I shall
resist no further its going over.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did not mean to say a
word; but inasmuch as I have been alluded to as
having gotten the floor yesterday, and it has been
declared that the subject was postponed on my
suggestion yesterday, I wish simply to say that
at the same time I gave notice to the Senate that
it was not for any purpose to delay action upon
the bill, or to prevent a vote being taken. I know
that lam one of the men on this floor whose voice
cannot be potential cither for good or ill. Find-
ing that there was a gentleman of the dominant
party on the floor who desired to speak, and un-
derstanding that it was the wish of the friends of
the bill to press a vote to-day, I yielded to that
gentleman. I did intend to address the Senate
after I heard a speech yesterday upon the subject;
but inasmuch as what few remarks 1 may wish
to make can be made just as well on any other bill
as on that under consideration, I yielded the floor
to my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.]
Mr. President, as I said, I am one of the few
men on this floor whose voice, either for good or
forill, cannot weigh in the counsels of this Cham-
ber; bull will say that if there is a lingering hope
of the reunion of these States, it is balanced upon
this point. Pass this bill, undertake to emanci-
pate the slaves, and what will be the consequence?
You have discarded every utterance of a repre-
sentative from a border State heretofore, and per-
haps for what 1 say now 1 may be represented as
a disuniomst, as a secessionist. I have been so
charged before, but no man will make that decla-
ration to my face upon his responsibility as a man.
Sir, pass this bill, and if there ever was a hope of
a reunion of these States, it is gone, it is past.
Contrary to the advice of gentlemen situated as
I am, and representing the interests of the border
States, you passed your bill for the abolition of
slavery in this District, you passed your resolu-
tion, in compliance with the presidential recom-
mendation, foi emancipation in the border States.
In nothing that you have done, sir, have you list-
ened to our advice. You have given no heed to
our counsel; you have treated us with contempt,
as the Senator from Massachusetts yesterday in-
timated when speaking of the utterances of the
representatives from the border States. 1 think
that I am an honest man; I think that I speak what
1 mean, and I mean what I say; and I tell you to-
day that the warmest friends the Union ever had
were in the border States. Sir, you have disre-
gaided our appeals, you would not hear our ad-
vice, you have passed your bills, you have done
your acts, whether we were willing or not, and
you have virtually said to us that our counsels are
not wanted and our advice is not to be regarded.
I think that the Senators from Virginia and Ma-
ryland and Delaware have not been treated fairly
in your legislation. We have looked upon that
old flag under which our fathers in common went
forth to do battle m defense of American liberty,
and we have worshiped it as the idol of our hearts.
When rebellion m the Gulf States reared its front;
when in this Chamber it had a voice, and gave
its utterance for the dissolution of the American
Union, who did you find most prompt to utter a
woid of condemnation of treasonable sentiments
and to give effective opposition to treasonable acts?
I appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts, as a
candid man—and I think he is nn honest man,
although I believe upon this subject he is gov-
erned by very erroneous views—who was it? Did
he stand up in his place 
Mr.COWAN. 1 believe there is a motion pend-
ing to go into executive session, and I would sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Delaware that
that motion should be put without extended de-
bate.
Mr SAULSBURY. I wish to give utterance
to a few wotds.
Mr. COWAN. I thought perhaps the Senator
would prefer another time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will interpose no objec-
tion to the wish of the Senate, but I want to ask
