962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
tipu.thaj the property of loyal men is in danger
from the military or naval authorities of the Uni-
ted States? Need the Senator fear, when, as he
says, the President of the United States is the head
of the military authority, that he will alloy/ any
man, because he has epaulets on his shoulders,
to tfislurlythe humblest loyal citizen in any por-
tion of the rebellious States in the management of
his property ? I am not afraid of it, if the Senator
is. Hiave not the slightest fear of it. I am will-
ing to trust these authorities with the protection
of the citizen; and this bill simply proposes to take
f>ossession of the property which is abandoned—
eft in such a condition that, unless we do take
care of it, it will be unimproved and fall into decay
and ruin, and waste and desolation be spread over
the country. Besides preventing this, the bill pro-
poses to provide for the population—more im-
portant, in my judgment, than the territory itself.
It proposes to provide for those who will be in a
perishing condition unless speedy means be af-
forded to protect and relieve them.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the duty
ofthe Chair at this hour to call up the special order
first, assigned for to-day.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not going to detain the
Senatebyany romarksofmine. I thought I should
show my friendship for the bill by saying nothing
about it; but I hope its consideration may be con-
tinued a few minutes, in order that it may be dis-
posed of. i move, therefore, to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders for the purpose of contin-
uing the consideration of this hill, at least for a
very brief space. If it is likely to lead to a long
discussion, I shaH not press it now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no desire to pre-
vent the Senator from Conneticut having his bill
disposed of; but the special order referred to by
the Chair is a bill m which I take some interest,
and I do not want it to lose its place as a special
order. If the time runs by, I understand that I
lose my special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It became the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order at this
time; and upon the special order (which is the bill
fixed for to-day on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont) the Senaior from Vermont is entitled to
the floor. Therefore, the Senator from Connec-
ticut is not in a position even to move to postpone
the special ordei, unless the Senator from Vermont
yields the floor to him.
Mr. COLLAMIill. The effect of it is what
troubles me. liy yielding, do I not lose my special
order entirely ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. While the other is
pending; but when the other bill i« disposed of,
the first question that will then come up will be
the Senator's special order. •
Mr. COLLAMER. RutI should like to know
whether by permitting the bill of the Senator from
Connecticut to go 011 by consent, I lose my special
order; or whether it will come up of course when-
ever his hill is finished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill which has
just been before the Senate may be continued by
unanimous consenl, subject to the Senator's mo-
tion to coll up his special order at any time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot get unanimous
c&nsent to anything.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. Tho Senator does
not understand the Chair. If the Senate will give
unanimous consent to proceed with the discussion
of tho question which has been up this morning-,
subject to the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont at any time to call up his special order, it
can be so proceeded with.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that,
if it is so understood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another special
order behind that, which 1 do not wish to have
delayed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
made on the motion of the Senator from Vermont
is first in oider to-day, having been firt-t made.
Mr. l.RUMBULL I am aware of that; but tho
next special order is the bill we had up yester-
day for the confiscation of the property of rebels,
which I desire to keep before the Senate. Al-
though I cannot object to taking up the bill ofthe
Senator from Vermont, which'is the first special
order, I do object now to another matter comin°-
in and postponing that, he still holding precedence!
I hope that the Senate will take up his special or-
der and dispose of it, and then, when the confis-
cation bill comes up, adhere to it until it is dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps it may be
the d uty of the Chair to correct a wrong impression
of the Senator from Illinois. If the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order made on
motion of the Senator from Vermont and dispose
of it, then the bill which has just been before the
Senate will come up, being also a special order for
this day, and preceding the one indicated by the
Senator from Illinois. There are three special
orders for this day; the one indicated by the Sen-
ator from Illinois is the third.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The subject under con-
sideration is not a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a special order
for to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was'not aware that it
was made a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
special orders for this day. This bill was called
up, however, in the morning hour; but that does
not deprive it of its character as a special order
for to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. I perceive that the more
I concede, the more complicated it becomes with
two or three other matters, and therefore I desire
to proceed with the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order,
therefore, before the Senate is House bill No. 104.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire, for inform-
ation, whether or not the Oregon case is not a
privileged question, entitled to preference over
either of these orders?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the impres-
sion of the Chair.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to say that I feel con-
strained to press that case whenever the rules of
the Senate will allow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ruling ofthe
Chair will be, that it will be the privilege of the
Senator from New York, whenever the occasion
shall occur, to make his motion. It will then be-
come a privileged question; but these are special
orders, and override that privileged question, and
the Senator fiom Vermont is entitled to the floor
upon House bill No. 104. When the Senator
from Vermont shall have concluded his remarks,
if the Senator from New York shall obtain the
floor, it will be in order for him to move to post-
pone all piior oideis for the purpose of taking up
the question indicated.
Mr. HARRIS. I think I understand what my
rights are.
INCREASE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tlie Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 104) fixing the number of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from and
after the 3d of March, 1861, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Collamer to
strike out, in the sixth and seventh lines, the
words, " to be apportioned among the several
States," and to insert:
The members added by tins act to bo assigned to the six
States having the Jaigc.st umcpiesentedfiactions under the
appoitionment made.
Mr. COLLAMER. That amendment which
was offered to the bill of the House in relation to
the apportionment of Representatives was an
amendment offered by myself. I now propose
to withdraw that amendment and substitute a dif-
ferent. one, which 1 send to the desk and desire
may be icad.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike out
all of the biliaftei the woids " United States," in
the filth line, iff the following words:
Shall be 239, to be apportioned among the several States
accoidinn to the piovis-ams of tire act of May 03, 1850, en-
titled " An net piovidmg for the taking ofthe seventh and
Mib-eqiK'iit ee.nvuvt-i, ol the United Status, and to fix.the
number of the member-; of the House rn'Repre-eiitatives,
and pi ovule ibi their ftinue appoitiomnent among the sev-
t-ral Slates."
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Shall be 2 it, and the eight additional' members shall be
assigned one c.ich to Penn-yivania, Ohio, Kentucky, Illi-
nois, | ow'ii, Minnesota, Vermont, and Rhode Island."
So that the bill will then read:
That iiom and after the 3d daj. of March. 1863, the num-
bei of member- of the House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of tlie L'mtcd States ^hall be 211, and the eight addi-
tional memliei - r-h ill be aligned one each to Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Kentucky. Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Vermont, and
Rhode Island.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, although
this is, in a considerable degree, a sort of arithmet-
ical measure, still I have a good deal of confidence
that 1 can satisfy almost every gentleman in this
Senate of the equity and justice, as well as of the
constitutionality of the amendment which I have
proposed, if they will give me a little attention.
It is true that I have no considerable feeling on
this subject in relation to my own State, because
whether the original bill is passed without amend-
ment or with the amendment, it is all the same to
my State. It will make no difference to her; but
still I wish the amendment to be made. It is no
small matter for a State to lose a third part of its
representation; and still more is it an important
matter for a State to lose half of it. By the ap-
portionment, as made under the act of 1850, my
State loses one third of its whole representation.
1 think it would rather startle a gentleman from
New York or from Ohio or from Illinois, if the
proposition was made that they should lose one
third of their whole representation. They would
think there was some importance in it. This sub-
ject is of just as much importance as that to my
State; and it is just as important as losing one
half of their whole representation to the State of
Rhode Island or the State of Minnesota. It in-
volves nothing less than that. They will not only
lose their representation, but all those advantages
that are connected with it; for instance, having a
cadet at West Point, and having midshipmen in
the Naval School. It is true they had but two in
Rhode Island and three inVermontany way; but
to lose a third part of that is a matter of some im-
portance. We are to lose also the same proportion
in the college of eleotors for President and Vice
President. These are to us matters of a good deal
of importance; and I take it that gentlemen will
bear with me a little if I occupy time as they think
unnecessanly. My apology, if it needs an apol-
ogy, will be found in the importance of the meas-
ure.
I wish, first, to call attention to the expression
in the Constitution in relation to the apportion-
ment of Representatives:
'•Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States, which may be included in this
Union, according to their respective numbers.
It then goes on to state how these numbers are
to be ascertained: by taking all the free people and
three fifths of the slaves to ascertain their repre-
sentative population, and by that, direct taxes and
Representatives are to be apportioned, according
to the respective numbers of the people in the
States. Now, direct taxes are apportioned with
arithmetical certainty. They are apportioned by
the numbers of the people, and of course there
are no fractions left about it; every man is counted;
and the taxes are paid according to their entire
number in each State, entirely regardless of the
subject of apportionment, without having any
fractions. There can be no fractions. In saying
that the Representatives shall be apportioned ac-
cording to the population of the respective States,
I take it, the design was to approximate as near
as possible to that equality. This being the great
point on which I choose to make my remarks, I
think itimportantto restate it: that the Represent-
atives shall be apportioned among the States ac-
cording to their population as near as practicable.
I believe 1 can show to any attentive man that the
apportionment, as provided for in the act of 1850,
in all its bearings, does not carry out that pro-
vision of the Constitution fairly, justly, and, as I
think, according to its true meaning and import.
I wish to call attention to that apportionment act.
I will read it:
uThat ftom and after the 3d day of March. 1833, the
[Iou.se of Representatives shall be composed of 233 tnem-
bei.s, to be apportioned among tiie several States in the
manner directed in the next section of this net.
viThat bo soon as the next and each subsequent enumer-
ation of the inhabitant* of the several States, dneeted bv
the Constitution ot the United States to be taken, bhail he
completed and returned to the ofliee ofthe Department of
tlie imeiior, it shall be the duty ofthe Secietar> ofthe In-
terior (o a^ceitam (he aggie gate lepresentuuve population
of the Umted States"— "
It then goes on to repeat the mode of getting it
according to the Constitution, and then it pro-
vides—
<• which a^iegatevpopulation he shall divide by the num-
ber 233, and the pioduet"—
which, I think, should be quotient in division;
but the result—
kt ot such division, rejecting any fraction ot an unit, if any
