1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such remain, *>ha]l be the ratio, o> i ule of apportionment, of
Representatives among tho sscveial States under such enu-
meration."
When ho has divided by 233, the result, the
quotient which is produced, shall be the rule of
apportionment of Representatives. That is what
I shall calt the Representative ratio:
And the said Secretary of the Depai Uncut of ihe Inte-
rior shall then proceed, m the .same manne^ to ascertain
the icprcsentative population of each State, and to divide
the whole number of the representative population ot each
State by the iatio already determined by hnn, as above di-
rected ; and the product of this last division shall be the
number of Repiesentativesappoitioned to such State under
- the then last enumeration : Frovidcd, That the loss in the
number of inembeis caused by the fraction* icmamine: xn
the several States, on the division of the population theieof,
shall be compensated for by designing to so many States
having the laigest fractions, one additional nifmbei each
for iu fraction as may be necessary to make tho whole
number of itepiesentatives 233."
Now, sir, the taking of a number to divide by
for the purpose of ascertaining the representative
ratio is entirely arbitrary-, but when you have
taken that and madeyourdividend and ascertained
what the representative ratio of the Union would
be, you give to each State as many members as
they have under that ratio in their number. That
they are entitled to. Thaf is the ratio of repre-
sentation; and if they come up to that ratio they
are entitled to one; if they come up to it twice,
they are entitled to two; and so on as long as they
can by their numbers entitle themselves to a mem-
ber by that ratio.
Mr. President, by what power and right and
principle is it that you give Representatives to frac-
tions at all ? I take it, it is because in giving them
to the fractions you approximate nearer to the
representative ratio. ThenyOu ought to give rep-
resentation to each Statp so long as by giving it
they will be nearer to the representative ratio than
they will be by withholding it. That is the great
point—greatin my estimation—which I wish to
make; that when you go to give it to a fraction,
you have no right to stop short of this rule; that
is, you will give it to every State when by giving
it to her she will come neaier to tin: repies^ntative
ratio than she will by withholding it. 1 think no
other just rule can be found. This law of 1850
does not give that. It gives representation to the
States having fiactions until it gets down to a cer-
tain number, 233, and stops right there. It does
not proceed to give it to the States who by getting
it will have their representation nearest to the ratio;
but it stops arbitrarily at that number. There is
the injustice of it; there is the iniquity of it; and I
believe there is no member of this Senate who will
give his attention to the subject for twenty min-
utes, that will not subscribe to the perfect correct-
ness of my principle. It cannot be answered in
my estimation.
This bill as passed by the House of Represent-
atives would not effect what they really desire. I
am fully authorized to state that. The difficulty
* was, they meant to give representation to six more
of the unrepresented fractions to save their num-
ber, 239; but they framed their bill in such a way
that they said the number should be 239, and
should be apportioned according to the act of 1850.
The moment you take that act, you take for vour
first divisor 239 instead of 233, as was taken in
making the dividend under tlx- act of 1S50; and
you throw the fractions upon an entirely new set
of States by it. That was not what they intended;
it was not what they desired. I made a proposi-
tion of amendment to correct that; but upon a full
investigation of the subject I have come to the
conclusion which I have now stated, and which
I am sure gentlemen can understand if they desire
to understand it. I know, if gentlemen arc set
upon the idea that the act of 1850 cannot be varied
from, and that it is the clear and settled policy of
this Government, then if is in vain to talk about
it; but I have been endeavoring to show, and 1
believe 1 have shown to every man who chooses
to attend to it, that the act #f 3850 is unjust and
wrong in its apportionment.
Under the apportionment made under the census
of 1860 no less than fifteen States have a member
accorded io them by the Seeietary An fiactions,
and then it arbitraiily stops because you had got
up to 233 under the act, whereas, as I again re-
peat, it should have gone on giving it to {tactions
so long as by giving it you eouki have made the
States nearer to the representative ratio than by
withholding it. That is what should have been
done. The amendment which I have sent to the
table does that. It is the result of a calculation
to which I desire to call attention. Take the bill
as passed by the House of Representatives, that
they should have their number 239, and then take
the census of 3860, and divide the representative
population by 239, as their bill proposes; that will
ascertain your fractions. Then go on and give
Representatives to every State, according to that
representative ratio produced by that result, and
then give to each State having the fractions, if by
giving them you will make them nearer to the
ratio than they would be by withholding them,
and it will give to just those States which I have
enumerated in my amendment, taking from none.
That is all the effect of it; and that is the effect of
the arithmetical calculation which has been care-
fully made, and which I have here.
I am sensible that gentlemen cannot go over a
set of figures here with me with care, and I do not
expect they will; but I want to state certain re-
sults in that calculation. Take the whole repre-
sentative population by the census of 1860, and
divide it by 239, the number stated in the bill, and
itwillmakethe representative ratio 123,717. Then
go on and give to each State that has that number
in itone Repiesentative, and that has that number
twice in it two Representatives, and so on through
them; and then take those that have fractions and
give to them, as I again repeat, a Representative,
when by giving it, you would make them nearer
the Representative ratio than by withholding it,
and you will include those very States that I have
mentioned. I have each State here cast by itself.
I will take some of those States, and show what
the result is. There will be fifteen States entitled
to Representatives as having the largest fractions.
Then come these eight States that will be entitled
by this rule that I have proposed. One of them,
for instance, is my own State, which is uppermost
and first in my mind, of course, and pretty much
last in the minds of others. The State of Ver-
mont, by the apportionment made under the act
of 1850, by the last census, would be entitled to
two Representatives; that is, we would lose one.
Now, if Vermont had but two Representatives,
each one of them would represent 157,558 people
by this class. The whole number to entitle to
representation being 123,717, the State would get
two Representatives, and each of the two would
represent 157,558. Each of the two would have
33.843 above and beyond the representative ratio.
Now suppose you give them another. They would
then have three Representatives, and each of the
thiec would represent 105,000, and they would be
18,678each short of the ratio. In the first instance,
with two Representatives, they would be 33,841
above it; and in the other, with three members,
they would be but 18,678 below it. They would
be more than 16,000 nearer to the representative
ratio by giving them one additional Representative
than by allowing them but two. I think this is a
pretty strong case. Why should you withhold
Irom them that which will make them much nearer
to the due ratio of apportionment, and give it to
others that ar* really not nearer to it, because you
come down to certain numbers?
Take the State of Rhode Island. Rhode Island
has 174,621 people. By the whole representative,
apportionment the ratio would give her but one/
member. Then you come to the fractions. Now5
if she has but one, that man would represent*
50,900 people more than the representative ratio.
Suppose you give her two. If you give Rhode
Island two, each will repiesent 87,000 people,and'
they will be but 36,000 away from the average,
whereas by the other mode they would be 50,000
away from the average. There ia a difference of
11,000, and a fraction over. They are nearer to
the representative ratio by 14,000 when you give
them two Representatives than when you give
them but one. This is true, though not to the
same extent, of all the States I have enumerated
in the amendment.
Take, for instance, the State of Minnesota.
That State has 172,000 people. One Represent-
ative now appointed to them would represent
48,300 people more than the ratio. If you give
Minnesota two, they would each represent 37,000
1< ss than the ratio; that is, they would be 9,000 j
and a fraction nearer to the ratio with two than !
with onp. Then why not give them two? Is it j
not, according to their population and agreeably j
to the Constitution, more nearly, and much more i
nearly, the ratio than the other? It is not neces- .
sary that I should go over each of the States 1
have enumerated here. In all instances the frae-^ '
tions arc nearer with the Representative than, with-1
out, and the amendment covers all the cases where
they are nearer. •
Mr. President, when I have thus stated thei
principle, and "thus shown its ap^ication in- the
case, it seems to me I have'done ail that is hecetf-1
sary. It is true, however, that this proposition
would increase the number of {he House from239,, ? „
as they now have, to 241; that is* it adds t$ro ,
members. It does that for equality of repre«e?nta-=
tion. Congress, at every time th6y .
apportionment, have always exercised tlieirpciwer
over the mode of regulating the representation: of
fractions. Sometimes they have given the repre-
sentation to a particular State—at other times
not—but they have always exercised the power
to produce equality of representation. That ia
all that is asked of it now.
But it may be said you propose to increase thfe
House to 241/ Is there anything exceptional in
that? It is the necessary result of the bill they
themselves have passed, making the number 239,
worked out by what I "regard as the clear and fair
construction of the Constitution. But what- if
it does increase the number of Representatives?
We have within the last ten years increased our5
population by 8,000,000. The representation in
the House will not be anything like as large in
proportion to the people as it is now, or rather'
was at the last census. It will be very much
smaller in proportion than it has been for ten years
past, or than it ever was, except under the first
apportionment by the Constitution. It is a very
grave question whether that representation ought
not to be very much increased any way. A large
part of our most experienced statesmen are of
opinion, and have been long of the opinion, and
many of them have urged it very much .especially
Mr. "John Gtuincy Adams, that the House ought
to be very much larger; that it. would be much#
more safe to the community; much less liable to
any combinations and confederacies against the
interests of the people; but I am not about to enter
into that.
The proposition which 1 have made is simply
the result of the principles that 1 have stated, and
only adds two members to the House. You can-
not withhold those members without doing most
direct injustice, for instance, to Minnesota and to
Rhode Island particularly. To those two States
you cannot do justice in any other way, unless
you go by the principle I have stated, by giving
Representatives to them because they come the
nearest to the ratio. I do no* think it worth while
to occupy further time on the subject. If there
are objections made to this amendment, I reserve
to myself the right,and shall feel it to be my duty,
as far as in me lies, to answer them. Otherwise,
I shall submit it to the Senate as it stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment,
submitted by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HARRIS. If this bill is to be further dis-
cussed, I shall feel constrained to move its post-
ponement; but if a vote can be taken upon it, I
have no objection to its being done.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill was ordered to a third reading; it was
read the third time, and passed.
f SENATOR KUOM OREGON.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 151, which is
the confiscation bill that we had up yesterday. I
am sorry to have to insist on this bill as against
the case of the Senator from Oregon; but it has
been made a special order, and if it is crowded out
by that case, it goes over, and 1 do not know when
we may get it up again. It is a very important
public measure, now under consideration, having
been discussed yesterday, and I must insist that
we proceed with it.
Mr. HARRIS. I must also insist on the dis-
position of the Oregon case; and if the Senator
from Illinois insists upon his case we must sub-
mit it to the decision of the Senate. I hope, sir,
that that bill will not be taken up, but that we
shall proceed to the disposal of the Oregon case,
which has been, as every Senator knows, too long
delayed. I hope, therefore, the motion of the
Senator from Illinois will not prevail.
