1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
the Senator from Massachusetts who I believe to
be a frank, a candid, and an honest man, although
governed by considerations that do notgovern me,
when Jeffeison Davis, when Iverson, when Wig-
fall, and those men laid out the Union in state, who
was it that rose and indignantly uttered a word of
condemnation in reference to their sentiments?
Was it the representatives from Massachusetts, or
was it the representatives from the border States?
One of the humblest, one of the youngest members
upon this floor I say to you and I say to the
country that on (he day that Mr. Buchanan sen this
message to the Senate, when those gentlemen pro-
claimed themselves in favor of a dissolution of the
Union, at the heel of the day's session getting the
floor, I proclaimed that my noble State, little and
humble as she was, was the first to give her pledge
to this Union,and under any and all circumstances
she would be the last to abandon it. The position
that I took then 1 maintain now. But, sir, your
legislation is driving from you—bear that in mind
—the warmest friends you over had. Carry out
your policy of emancipation, undertake by a sim-
ple act to free the slaves throughout this country,
and what will you do ?
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware paidon me one moment for a question r I
can assure him that he does great injustice to the
feeling on this side of the Chamber, m supposing
that there is any hostility to the border States. 1
would ask him in that connection—not to allude
of course to the proceedings of the other House,
for that is not parliamentary—whether he has not
hoard that a Representative of his own State, a
llepresentative of the whole State, voted for the
proposition which he condemns, when it was
before him as a legislator?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I thank thcgentlcman for
the inquiry, because it gives me occasion to ex-
press my views on a matter which I otherwise
should not have touched. When 1 speak to the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, 1 speak to a
gentleman for whom 1 have the most profound
respect,a gentleman in whose patriotism and judg-
ment and abilities and honesty of heart I have
great confidence. But, sir, 1 still say that our
voice has been unheeded, our counsel has been
spurned; you have dared by your legislation to
ignore the counsels of the Senator whose vacant
seat is before me—vacant not from choice but
from indisposition—the scat of a man who for
twenty-five years has reflected honor upon his
country in its council chambers. I refer to Mr.
Pearce, of Maryland.
Gentlemen, you have done all this, and you now
propose to pass this bill. In boyhood, around
the knee of my father, 1 learned to revere your
Constitution and your Union. I have never felt
any other sentiment than that of respectand rever-
ence for the Constitution and the Union, but I tell
you honestly that if you pass this bill you sound
the death knell of the American Union.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut says
that the Representative from my own State in the
House of Representatives voted for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, and for the
resolution relative to emancipation m the border
States.
Mr. FOSTER. I meant not to make the asser-
tion, but to ask the question whether that was the
fact.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is so, sir. I do not
mean to reflect upon that gentleman; I do not
mean to say one unkind word in regard to him.
In our personal intercourse and private friendship,
many acts have passed between us that I cher-
ish, and I never intend in a political controversy
to do aught or say aught that is unkind person-
ally. But I take leave to say that any man—I do
not assert that he is a member of the House of
Representatives—is mistaken who presumes to
declare that the people of the State of Delaware
approve your policy of the emancipation of the
slaves in this District, and the President's recom-
mendation offering us aid if we initiate emanci-
pation in the border States. Such a policy advo-
cated by any man in Congress, or outside ot
Congress, will meet with the stern rebuke of the
free voters of the State of Delaware. You have
seen the last Republican you will ever see, you
have seen the last representative of an opposition
party to the Democracy of the country, either in
that'House or in this, from Delaware, after any
such vote shall have been given by one who
claims to represent her. Sir, we intend to go be-
fore the people of that little, feeble, but gallant
and noble State, and we will take issue with you
upon these questions; and hereafter no voice of
hers in either House of Congress, will be raised
in your day or mine, sir, that dares to advocate
such a policy. 1 know that in these days, when
there is a triumphant majority, when you think
you have everything your own way, it is very
easy to imagine that you are going to carry out
your policy everywhere; but you are mistaken.
Mr. President, I venture to make a prediction.
I am neither a prophet nor the son of a prophet;
and yet I once did prophesy, and I think my
prophecy is being fulfilled. Some fifteen months
ago upon this floor I made the prophecy that if
any Gibbon should hereafter write the decline
and fall of the American Republic, he would date
that decline and fall from the rejection by the
Congress of the United Siates of the propositions
submitted by the late Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Ciuttendem.] 1 think that prophecy is
being fulfilled. Upon the strength of that proph-
ecy, and let me say upon the fact that it has
been so far fulfilled, I now venture to make an-
other. Pass your emancipation bills; you think
you are freeing the slaves, and if you will take
them after you free them to your northern States
among yourselves, you will do something more
than I anticipate; butyouare passing resolutions
and laws to keep them from coming among you.
My prophecy is, that in 1870, let this war term-
mate as it may, whether you conquer the se-
ceded States or not, if local State governments
are preserved in this country, there will then be
more slaves in the United States than there were
in I860. Why do I say so? My friend the hon-
orable gentleman from Vermont said the other
day we mi?ht as well tell the truth when we talk
together. I am going to tell the truth, and say
what I mean. By your acts you attempt to free
the slaves. You will not have them among you.
You leave them where they are.
Then, what is to be the result ? I presume that
local State governments will be preserved. If they
are, if the people have a right to make their own
laws, and to govern themselves—and I piesumc
that even my friend from Massachusetts will not
object to that—they will not only reenslave every
person that you attempt to set free, but they will
reenslave the whole race. I do not mean to sug-
gest a thing that I will not favor; I take all the
responsibility of the utterance in my own person.
I say to you, sir, and 1 say to the country, that
if you send five, thousand slaves into the State of
Delaware—wehavegotabouttwo thousand slaves
now, and we have about twenty thousand free ne-
groes—if you send five thousand more of that
class of people among us, contrary to our law,
contrary to our will, I avow upon the floor of the
American Senate that I will go before my people
for enslaving the whole race, because I say that
this country is the white man's country. God,
nature, everything has made a distinction between
the white man and the negro, and by your legis-
lation you cannot bring up the filthy negro to the
elevation of the white man, if you try to put him
upon that platform. 1 never had an ancestor that
was not a slaveholder, as far as they have ever
existed in this country; and 1 never had an ances-
tor that would hold a slave for life, but always set
him free at twenty-one years of age; but I say to
you, sir, [Mr. Hale in the chair,] honestly to
you, whose voice has been potential in the coun-
cils of the nation in behalf of what you call free-
dom, and to you, gentlemen of the dominant party,
who govern the legislation of the hour, that we
mean that the United States of America, from the
northern lakes to the southern Gulf, from the At-
lantic on the one side to the Pacific on the other,
shall be the white man's home; and not only the
white man's home, but the white man shall gov-
ern, and the nigger never shall be his equal.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theremustbe
order in the galleries.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No Inflation that you
can adopt shall prevent thai irrevocable decree of
God and nature, the supremacy ot the white man
in the United States of America. What caie 1,
gentlemen, whether you pass this bill or not.' 1
do not care a fig. Why do I not? My State is
not interested in the subject of slavery, j said
did not care whether you pass it or not. I do care.
I do not care in one aspect; the aspect most dejur .
to you—the setting negroes free; but I do care
in one aspect of this case. I have never, so help
me God, seen the day "that I wanted either the
arms or the counsels of rebellion to prevail in this
country. I recollect in my schoolboy days read-
ing the. Farewell Address of George Washington
where he warns against these things. Sir, it lias
been {Tie masterpiece of written advice, which I
have studied ever since. Two years ago, in.my
place in the Senate of the United States, when
Mr. Davis, now the president of wliat they call
the southern confederacy at Richmond, offered
his resolutions, I raised a humble and ineffectual
voice against them—not that I dissented from the
principles, but simply because I wanted to keep
out sectional and party strife. In every vote I
have given and every act I have done, I have tried
to observe the same principle. I thought, sir, if
we could livea harmonious people united together,
we should not only be the greatest, but the hap-
piest people on earth. In my humble place here,
I have tried by every vote I have given and every
act I have done, to preserve the unity of our Gov-
ernment, that unity being based upon the Consti-
tution which our fathers made. There are other
gentlemen here who have done the same thing;
yet they have been suspected, and I have been
suspected, of being disloyal. Bywhom? Lettruth
be spoken though the heavens fall. By whom?
By men who, from 1820 to this present hour, have
been agitating the slavery question. I heard the
Senator from Massachusetts say yesterday that
slavery was the cause of the rebellion, and while
slavery existed, the sentiment was, I suppose, that
treason must exist. In his impassioned declama-
tion against what he considers the favorite insti-
tution of the South, he could not find aught of.
condemnation except as against slavery.
Mr. President, when I was a boy, among the
first things that 1 read in the proceedings of Con-
gress were the utterances of your [Mr. Hale in
the chair] potential voice. And for what? Not
for the extension of slavery, for then nobody pro-
posed to extend it; but you were opposing the
extension of slavery and the existence of slavery
when nobody proposed to extend it, and nobody
proposed to do aught except to observe the con-
stitutional guarantees which our fathers made in
reference to the subject of slavery.
Again, sir, when the proposition was made to
annex Texas, who was it that said a word upon
the subject of slavery ? Did the friends of slavery
ask that slavery should be carried into Texas?
No, sir; but the proposition was made to exclude
it from Texas. And if I could see my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wii,mot] in his seat, I should
like to say a word to him. He expatiated a little
on the barbarities of slavery, and its being the
cause of this war. I think one of the first polit-
ical speeches that I ever attempted before my peo-
ple in a humble way was upon something that was
called the " Wilmot proviso." What was the
" Wilmot proviso?" Was it a proposition to ex-
tend slavery into the Territories? No, sir. When
nobody asked to carry slavery into the Territories,
it was a proposition by the same honorable Sen-
ator to exclude it, and to exclude it from territory
into which it never could be carried. Why was
the proposition made? For political agitation; for
the success of party; for the triumph of party,
and nothing else.
Again, gentlemen, let me tell you that during
the present session of Congress I have sat here,
I have listened very frequently, I have listened
most patiently, although I have felt a little sensi-
tive upon the subject, and 1 have heard gentlemen
of the dominant party denounce every man that
voted fur John C. Breckinridge as a disloyal man.
1 am one of those men who think Uiat a gentle-
man will be a gentleman under all circumstances,
that personalities ought always to be avoided. I
never indulge in them if I know myself; I cer-
tainly never wish to do so. But they say that
every man who voted for John C. Breckinridge is
a disloyal man,and they wrap the Amencau flag
around their holy persons because they voted tor
Abraham Lincoln, and thank God that tiu-y are
not as other men are, or even as these poor rebels
who voted for John C. Breckinridge! I should
know how to answer any such lvm irk as that if
it weie made to me personally. I do not take
personal offense at it simply for the reason that
it is not addressed to ine personally. -Whenever
