2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
Now, sir, if the small notes of the Government
are lust as good as the small notes of the States,
and we can save $3,000,000 annually by their issu-
ance, I call upon these lovers of economy who are
always alive to jump on anything that proposes
the expenditure ofan additional dollar by the Uov-
ernment,and who are always in for anything that
has a show of economy—I call upon them to
come up to the rescue. Here is an advantage of
$3,000,000 annually to the Government of the Uni-
ted States in the issue of these small notes, and let
us avail ourselves of this advantage of $3,000,000
by the issue of these small notes, and to that ex-
tent relieve the people from taxation. 1 think it
is altogether a mistake about our being in such a
bad condition financially as the gentleman from
New York would seem to indicate when he alludes
to the high price of gold and the premiums upon
gold. lie says that it has been going up and going
up, until now it is at a fearful rate of premium.
Weil, does not my friend know, in addition to the
facts alluded to by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who has justconcluded
his remarks, that we hjjve not been able to ship
cotton and but very little tobacco, and hcnce we
have been obliged to ship gold in great quantities
to pay our indebtedness? This fact and the re-
turn of our American stocks here to be speculated
in by banks and bankers—all these things satis-
factorily account for the premium upon gold, owing
to the demand for ils exportation. But you just
give us peace and prosperity, and bring this war
to a speedy close, and we will pay off our present
indebtedness in less than twenty years,and we will
repeal the present tax bill in less than three years.
We have had no depreciation here compared with
the depreciation that existed in J812, and we got
along then, and maintained our nationality even
Under that depreciation.
There is another argument which I wish to
throw out for the consideration of the House. I
am utterly opposed, if it can possibly be avoided,
to the issuing of any further certificates of indebt-
edness, and I will briefly state the reasons why.
I would rather give the man to whom the Govern-
ment owes $100 the choice to take it in Treasury
notes or in a certificate of indebtedness; and if he
prcfura to take it in Tiensury notes, as nine out
of ten of the creditors of the Government would
do, 1 would pay him in something that will cir-
culate as money and answer his present purposes,
rather than give him a promise to pay, hearing
interest at the rate of six percent. How is it. with
these promises to pay, or certificates of indebted-
ness? A. man who comes here and is pressed for
money wants something as a circulating medium,
and he must go into a " shaving" shop and have
hi  cntificatc of imh-btednesa shaved at ninety
cents on the dollar, or ninety-one, or ninety-two,
or ninety-three cents on the dollar. That is the
way in which certificates of indebtedness are used
ami treated. They are speculated in by the bank-
ers and brokers of the country, who take advant-
age of the necessities of the men who are com-
pelled to take them. I would give every cieditor
the choice of taking Treasury notes or certificates
of indebtedness. If he chooses to take Treasury
notes, it relieves us of that amount of mtei est; but
if he is a wealthy man, and wants to make a perma-
nent investment, he would not need a certificate
of indebtedness, because he would take the five-
twenty bonds.
But we are met here by another argument. Itis
said that when we issue so much paper money it
increases the price of everything which the Gov-
ernment wants to buy, and that, therefore, it is a
great deal betterto put bonds in themarketand sell
them atany priceand gctgohl and silver with which
to pay our indebtedness. Well, in the first place,
there is not gold and silver enough in the country
to answer our purposes, even if we could get it;
and in the next place I deny the correctness or
philosophy of the argument. For example, the
Government wants to buy a barrel of flour; it can
get it for a five dollar Treasury note, and that cir-
culates at a premium, and there is the end of it;
the barrel of flour costs the Government only five
dollars; but according to the theory of these other
gentleman, we mu.st go and pay twenty-five cents
to some banker for gold and silver,and then give
him a note at five per cent, interest miming twenty
years, and at the end of the twenty years you will
nave paid for the barrel of flour, including the in-
terest, ten dollars and a quarter instead of five dol-
lars. Ah, but gentlemen say that it will increase
the price of produce. It may increase it to some
little extent, but I deny that it will begin to in-
crease it to the extent suggested by the gentlemen
who bri ng forward this argument, because we have
an immense surplus of cereals in the country, and
the competition will bring down the price of all
those articles of prime necessity that the Govern-
ment has to pay for, so that prices cannot possi-
bly by any means be inflated to that injurious
extent that gentlemen apprehend. I-f they were to
be inflated to any great extent the people of New
England would be in a very precarious condition
indeed, for I believe they do not raise in all New
England bread enough to feed them for more than
about three weeks in the year, and if by any means
the price of bread should be increased to any great
extent, it might bring starvation upon New Eng-
land; and we could not afford to bring starvation
upon New England, because if it was not for New
England we of the West should be compelled in a
very short time to go naked. [Laughter.] So we
are all dependent on one another—the East on the
West for something to eat, the West on the East
for something to wear; and all of us depending on
the South for cotton out of which to make some-
thing to wear.
I will not trouble the committee longer with any
remarks on this interesting subject. I merely
wished to call attention to a few facts, in a plain
way, for the careful consideration of the commit-
tee, and for elaboration by gentlemen who have
made this matterfortheirstudy,and who are bet-
ter able to discuss it than I am.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. Mr. Chairman,
perhaps the recoid of so humble an individual as
myselfis unimportant; but, to use language which
was in fashion here some time ago, I desire to
" preserve the symmetry of my record." I was,
as you are aware, Mr. Chairman, utterly opposed
to the initiation of this system of legal tender notes,
and I remain so still. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] has introduced an elab-
orate argument, which it seems to me would be
an appropiiatediscussionupon anational bank,or
on a system of small banks nationalized, rather
than on a question ofissuing this additional amount
of Treasury notes. If he has introduced a single
argument in favor of a further increase of these
Treasury notes, except that of saving so much
interest to the Government, I have failed to per-
ceive it.
Mr. Chairman, I regard the policy in regard to
a national bank as having been settled. I do not
myself propose to distuib that settlement, or to
undertake to repeal the verdict of the people. I
think the people are opposed to a national bank.
Still I cannot but perceive, Mr. Chairman, from
the remarks of the gentleman from New Mexico,
who has spoken more unguaidedty than those who
have preceded him, that that is the real question
which is to be presented to Congress. This meas-
ure is regarded as an entering wedge for another
banking system to be hereafter introduced. This
proposition is to make the subsequent one abso-
lutely indispensable. The existing banks are to
be thrown overboard. In my judgment, it is more
for that purpose than for any other that this large
issue of notes is urged upon us. The gentleman
from Massachusetts ad nuts that we are not likely to
need more than $50,000,000 more of these notes;
but they are to be held as a rod of power by the
General Government to coerce the banks. When
they get our promises to pay, or when anybody
gets them we are never to pay—only to give anew
promise to pay, and thus keep up a perpetual mo-
tion of our great financial machine.
Now, in regard to the banks—have they not
pursued a magnanimous and liberal course from
the start? I am no special advocate or champion
of banks per se> but 1 cannot but admit the great
fact that had it not been for the banks we should
have been crippled at the very start in our attempt
to put down this rebellion. They have been pa-
triotic.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr, LOVEJOY. I would be glad to know what
the gentleman means by this action of the banks.
What have they done which is so magnanimous
and generous?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They loaned to
the Government when it could not get aloan any-
where else.
Mr. LOVEJOY. They promised to do so, but
^Mh'mGRRILL, of Vermont. They did it.
There is no question at all about it.
Mr ENGLISH. I desire to state at this point
that the banks of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, contributed more than one
third of the entire capital of the State to the pub-
lie wants. „ ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The record
shows that the banks of the country have contno-
uted more than half of their entire capital to this
Government. I believe that the parties owning
these banks are not all overgrown capitalists.
There are many with only a very small surplus
who seek this mode of investment. But whoever
they are, they are citizens wjjo are deserving a
fair and handsome acknowledgment for whatever
they may have done in this crisis.
Mr. WATTS. Will the gentleman permit me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. WATTS. Have not the banks, in com-
pensation for their liberality, got our bonds at a
high rate of interest, and sold them at a profit ot
§10,000,000? T 3
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does so hap-
pen that it was fortunate for these banks that they
had more confidence in the Government than pri-
vate individuals had, and therefore they have been
benefited by it. They hardly deserve to be pun-
ished for their patriotism.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts charged it upon the hanks that thev were
guilty of depreciating the currency. 3NTow, how is
that possible? There is not a bank in the whole
country whose circulation is not limited by its
charter, nor is it pretended that they have in-
creased their circulation a single dollar since tlie
commencement of the rebellion. When they sus-
pended specie payments by force of circumstances,
as a matter of course gold rose in value. That
was inevitable. But it did not rise to anything like
the extent to which it has done since the Govern-.
ment of the United States issued its legal tender
notes. I was opposed to the original issue. All
that the opposition to that issue obtained in that
contest was two things: one that the interest oil
the bonds should be paid in specie; the other,
that the only amount of Treasury notes to be
rec&ved for customs should be the §50,000,000
then out. I undertake to say that that was the
only salt in the measure which has preserved it
from putrefaction. Now, indeed, no one advo-
cates any other course than to pay interest on our
bonds in specie, and to pay custom dutips in spe-
cie or its equivalent. But why did gold go down ?
The gentleman from Massachusetts intimated that
gold went down immediately after our issue of
legal tender notes; and that is true to a certain ex-
tent, for this plain reason, that we had made the
legal tender notes receivable for our customs dues.
We had made all other Treasury notes a tender
for every debt of the country, public and private.
There was, therefore, no use for gold, except for
the miser. Until gold should be required to pay
our foreign debts and to purchase goods abroad,
there could be no demand for gold. And now,
sir, if you inaugurate this new issue of Treasury
notes, you will make gold and silvcruseless to the
country, and it will be exported, as a matter of
course. We are too poor to hoard it. We shall
trade to the amount of our ability to pay, and if
we are not able to pay with our exports of grain,
flour, cotton, tobacco, and whisky, we must pay
the difference in gold and silver. I want to know
whether it is desirable at this time to strip the
country of the little gold remaining in the coun-
try? I believe not.
But,Mr.Speaker,itis pretended thatthebanlcs,
and not the Government, inflate the currency.
Why, sir, that is about as absurd as it would be
for a man to take pills and swear they should not
operate. It is the old fable of the wolf and the lamb,
and the wolfever thinks the lamb a criminal worthy
of death. We have issued $150,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes in all forms—more than the entire cir-
culation of all the banks—and we have on hand
about §5,000,000. The banks have taken on deposit
about $55,000,000, so that in fact there are but
$90,000,000 out now to inflate the currency. A
