1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2885
few days since gold stood at seven per cent,
premium. If the currency is to be inflated it must
bq, as a matter of course,just in proportion to
whatever we issue. When we have crammed the
country with §60,000,000 more of Treasury notes,
gold must necessarily rise five per cent, more;
or the difference between paper and gold and sil-
ver wiil be twelve per cent, instead of seven per
cent., and when we get out $150,000,000 more,
gentlemen may then argue that it is the banks, and
not the Government, which has caused the ex-
pansion. When this measure was under consid-
eration and under discussion before, there was but
a single gentleman in this House who had the
candor to admit—I allude to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Spaulding]—thatit was intended
hereafter to increase thiskind of circulation. That
gentleman did admit that this kind of circulation
could only be limited by the wants of the Govern-
ment. AII others who discussed the subject utterly
denied and repudiated the idea that they wereever
to come here again for another similar batch.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what improvement will
be made in our condition when we have exhausted
this new fund of resources? The only policy which
we can properly have is to fund our indebtedness.
Will the further increase of Treasury notes tend
to fund our debt? Is it not perfectly obvious that
by a system of inflation like this you inflate all
kinds ofbusiness? By thisfurther issue of Treas-
ury notes you make it just as much the object of
a man to go into other kinds of speculation as into
the purchase of the bonds of the United States.
You cannot inflate the bonds of the United States
without inflating everything else. If you could,
you might take out a patent upon this new pro-
cess. Then, sir, it follows that we shall be no
nearer reaching the goal after we have authorized
another issue of $150,000,000 than we are at the
present time.
The true theory is to make it an object for the
public to purchase our bonds. If wo cannot do
that, we must go to the extent of $1,000,000,000 of
Treasury notes; for all concede that in due time
our indebtedness will reach that amount. No
one hopes to escape with anything less.
Now, the funding process was going on very
well, some days reaching as high as $500,000 per
day, and for several days reaching $300,000.
This, with the receipts from customs and with
the receipts fiom the internal duties which we pro-
pose to putin operation immediately, would leave
but a small amount to be provided for. It seems to
me, the true policy is to put upon the market the
small amount which will be required in addition
to meet the current e^enses of the Government,
in bonds of the Government, at whatever they
would bring. Be the amount small or great, I do
not disguise my position in favor of selling the
bonds to meet whatever additional sums thcTreas-
ury may require at whatever they will bring. I
would make it the object of the public to purchase
these bonds and get them nut of the way. It seems
to me, that that would be the true policy.
But I only desired to state some of the objec-
tions which I have entertained and still entertain
to this measure, regarding it, as I do, as a sure
way of depreciating the currency of the country
and affording no permanent relief to the Govern-
ment, and fraught with immense future mischief.
Before our longand brillinntseriesof victories there
' might have been some excuse for unlimited use of
a paper currency, but there is none now. Before
it was made certain that our indebtedness would
all be promptly met by adequate taxation there
might be some reason, but there is none now for
making paper money our sole reliance.
Mr. LOVEJOY. - It was my purpose, and is
still, on the first appropriate occasion, to intro-
duce a resolution to instruct the Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill for the suppres-
sion of the bank currency throughout thecountry.
I do not know that any remarks upon that point
would be proper at the present time. At any rate
I have made no special preparation to do so, and
my voice would hardly permit me to speak at any
length.
Rut if we have to vote upon this proposition, as
I suppose it is the purpose of the gentlemen hav-
ing charge of the bill to do soon, I desire to say
a very few words. I was opposed to the issue of
Treasury notes when the proposition was origin-
ally before us. I am opposed to the principle still.
I believe the true policy was for us to have gone
into the market with our bonds and sell them for
whatever they would bring. I believe it would
have been better for us ultimately to do business
on a specie basis. I have no doubt, notwithstand-
ing all that has been said, that there is gold enough
in the country for all business transactions, that
our bonds would bring thegold,and that it would
have been much safer and better to have adhered
strictly to specie payment.
That was my opinion; but the House thought
differently; the Secretary of the Treasury thought
differently; and we have launched our revenue cut-
ter on the ocean of paper currency. That seems
to be the policy which has been adopted for re-
plenishing the Treasury, and I do not propose to
persist in any factious opposition to what is a
foregone conclusion. That having been settled, it
seems to me our next best policy is to monopolize
this business of making irredeemable money, and
not allow the banks to come into competition with
the Government in this rcspect, for I have no
doubt the national currency will depreciate suffi-
ciently as compared with gold without any aid
from the banks; and therefore it is that I am in favor
of giving to the Government the entire monopoly
of this business. I believe it is in accordance with
the decision of the courts that wherever the Fed-
eral Government acts it has exclusive jurisdic-
tion. I have no doubt bankers are as good a class
of citizens, as patriotic, as philanthropic, and as
little avaricious as any other class. 1 have no doubt
they do just what any of us would do if we were
in their circumstances, and in what I say I do
not intend to make any charge against them as a
class. I simply speak of the bankmgpolicy. But,
sir, I am and always have been, and I suppose
always will be, against the utterance of these bank
notes which do not command the specie.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to remind the House
that the manufacture of paper money, whether by
the banks or by the Government, docs not add one
cent to the wealth of the country. It does not add
a dollar to the money of the country. We had
just as much money m the country before the issue
of the $150,000,000 of Treasury notes already in
circulation as we had after that issue. We have
just as much money before the banks issue their
paper notes as we have subsequent to their utter-
ance.
These bank notes have a charm about them,
simply because they are engraved, simply because
they are supposed to represent a dollar somewhere
in place of that promised on paper. Now, sir,
this bank note is simply a note, a promise to pay.
It bears no interest. 1 go to the bank and give
my note for $100, agreeing to pay six or ten per
cent., as the case may be, and take bank notes in
its place, bearing no interest whatever. I keep the
bank notes for six months. The bank has had
my $100 note in the mean time, with six or ten
percent., which I have agreed to pay. I ask them
to pay their note, and am told they have suspended
specie payments, a very soft way of saying that
the bank is broken, for when a bank refuses or
fails to pay according to promise—that is on de-
mand—it is a broken bank. The merchant who
refuses or is unable to pay his debts when they
become due, loses his credit, and becomes insol-
vent. Well, sir, if any one is to have this privilege
of not paying these debts, let the Government have
it. Everybody has an interest in the Government;
while every one has not a direct interest in these
banking corporations. If anybody is to have the
advantage of a depieciated currency—the advant-
age, in other words, of not paying interest on what
they owe—1 say let the Government have that
advantage, and let the bankers share with the rest
of us.
Now, sir, I do not propose to go into competi-
tion with these banks in issuing currency. The
result will be precisely this: as we utter paper
money gold will disappear, because the currency
will depreciate to a certain pxtent, and the inva-
riable rule is that the currency of the least value
will" displace that which is of higher value. The
inevitable result, therefore, is that whenever these
Treasury notes come into circulation the yellow
boys, or gold, will disappear. And the result of
the same law, if we aliow ourselves to go into
competition wiih the banks, will be that as the
country becomes flooded with irredeemable bank
paper, for which nobody is responsible, the more
valuable Treasury notes of the Government will
be withdrawn from circulation.
I have, Mr. Chairman, made this statement to
indicate the position I occupy, and the purpose
which I had and have of introducing a resolution
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means.
I want to do it. I had prepared a resolution to offer
this morning before tnis bill was passed, to com-
pel the Committee of Ways and Means to report
some measure for the purpose of driving out of cir-
culation altogether the worthless trash which pre-
tends to be money—which goes out and says I am
one dollar, or five dollars, or ten dollars, or fifty
or a hundred dollars, when itlies,foritis nosucn
thing, and it knows it. There is no place in the
United States where the great mass of bank notes
tell the truth when they say there is specie in the
vault to redeem them.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that there are banks in my State
ofConnecticut which have never suspended specie
payment. The Bank of New Haven has never
suspended. It did not suspend in 1837, or at any
other time. There has never been a time that it has
not paid specie for every bill that it had out. The
banks of Connecticut are not suspended to-day.
The laws arc in.force there, as they ever have been.
I want the gentleman to know that our banks re-
deem their notes to the satisfaction of everybody,
and that the notes of the New England banks are
redeemed every fifteen days.
Mr. OLIN. Thegcntleman's remarks are true,
also, of the banks in New York.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I have no doubt that the banks
referred to have paid a moderate portion of their
circulation in specie. Does the gentleman say
that those banks redeem all of their circulation in
gold and silver?
Mr. ENGLISH. I received, about a week ago,
the report of the bank commissioners, which I
wish I had here to show to the gentleman and the
House. Our banks now redeem their circulation
in gold and silver in a moderate amount, if wanted,
or in drafts upon New York or Boston.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And what better than these
notes are the diafts referred to?
Mr. ENGLISH. They pay goldand silver for
all the ordinary purposes of business. They are
compelled to keep ten per cent, of gold and silver
on hand all the time. They pay as much in spe-
cie now as they ever did.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I have no doubt that there are
some banks which pay a portion of their issue in
specie,and then have recourse to thedrafts referred
to; and so it runs around in a circle. I would like
to know of the gentlemen how ten cents can pay a
hundred ? I am aware that the same thing, to a
certain extent, can be truthfully said of the Gov-
ernment issues; but I insist, if anybody is to have
the benefit of a paper currency without paying in-
terest, the Government shall receive it. I want
the Government, and not the banks, to have this
advantage, if it is to be allowed at all. I never
believed that these bank corporations should have
the privilege of issuing notes payable on demand,
receive interest on them, and yet refuse to pay,
under the specious name of suspending specie pay-
ment. If any one owes a bank, and docs not
promptly pay with interest, he would be cast off,
and it would be said that he would not pay his
debts. There is not one of these banks which re-
fuses to pay its issues in gold and silver which
does not refuse to pay its debts. Now, I claim
that the Government should have the privilege,
exclusively, of notpaying its debts. [Laughter.]
If the privilege is to be enjoyed by anybody, any-
where, of promising to pay and not paying, I want
the Government to enjoy it. I do not mean to in-
timate that ultimately we will notredeem in specie
everyone of these green-backed notes that we may
issue. I have now to pay my taxes at homein gold
and silver.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Perhaps the supreme
courtof his State has decided the actof Congress
to be unconstitutional, because it makes these
Treasury notps a legal tender. I ask the gentle-
man whether that is not the reason for his paying
his taxes in gold and silver.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not Jcnow that the court
has dccided that. I do not suppose that that court
is competent to decide on a United States law. It
is decided, however, that the people of Illinois
must-pay their taxes in gold and silver.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Was it not because these
notes were not held to be a legal tender?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do know that the people of
