1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
SYLVESTER COOKS.
Mr. PENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 177) for the relief of
Sylvester Cooks, with the recommendation that
it do pass; which was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM SAWYER.
Mr. EDGERTON,from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition ofWilliamSawyerand others,and moved
that it be laid upon the table. -
Mr. ALLEN. 1 hope that that case will bo
referred to the Committee of Claims, instead of
being laid upon the table.
The motion to lay upon the table was disagreed
to, and the case was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
MRS. FRANCES ANN McCAULEY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, the other
day I reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a bill for the relief of Mrs. Frances Ann
McCauley, and as the bill contained an appro-
priation, it was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. I now
ask that, by unanimous consent, the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
that bill, and that it be put on its passage at this
time.
Mr. PORTER objected.
ROBERT B. BRADFORD.
Mr. McKNIGHT, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back House biil (No. 367)
for the relief of Robert B. Bradford, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
JEREMIAH PENDERQAST, ETC.
Mr. CUTLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports in the following
cases; which were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed:
Petition of Jeremiah Pendergast for increase of
pension;
Petition of Andulotia Pier; and
Petition of John Lane.
ANDREW TEMPLETON.
Mr. CUTLER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to An-
drew Templeton; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
RUFUS L. HARVEY.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting an invalid pension
to Kufus L. Harvey; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
CHARLES GOODSl'EED, ETC.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made adverse reports in the following cases;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed:
Petition of Charles Goodspeed; and
Petition of Samuel Goodrich.
VINCENNES LAND OFFICE.
Mr. JULIAN. I was absent when the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was called, and I ask unan-
imous consent to report a bill for the relief of the
register of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana,
and for other purposes.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Does that bill make
an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the bill
read, as he does not know.
Tile bill was read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I must object to its
being reported.
Mr. JULIAN. It involves only two or three
hundred dollars, and the whole matter, according
to the bill, is to be referred to the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I should, in a./y
event, vote against the bill if it were put upon its
passage. I can never vote for a bill so indefinite
in its provisions, and I must object to its being
reported.
UNITED STATES CONSUL AT TAMPICO.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill increasing temporarily the
salary of the United States consul at Tampico;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
GEORGE B. SIMPSON.
Mr. NOBLE. I wish to report back from the
Committee on Patents a bill for the relief of
George B. Simpson, and ask to put it upon its
passage.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to rehear and determine, as
in his discretion and judgment shall be required
by the justice of the case, the application of George
B. Simpson for letters patent for a certain inven-
tion claimed by him for the construction of what
he denominates a submarine telegraphic cable, by
the combination of gutta pcrcha and metallic wire,
in such form as to incase a wire or wires, or other
conductors of electricity, within the non-conduct-
ing substance gutta perclia; and whatever shall
be required by justice and right in the applica-
tion shall be granted by the Commissioner, the
same as if the application had never been hereto-
fore heard or decided; and that the hearing and
final determination of the application shall be con-
ducted and determined, in all other respects, in
conformity to the laws in force governing like
cases.
Mr. NOBLE. I will state that for this improve-
ment there has never been any patent granted;
that in deciding upon the case, the Commissioner,
in the first place, decided against the application
upon the ground that it was not patentable. In
so doing, it is conceded now by the officers that
such decision was a mistake; and I say that inas-
much as there never has been a patentgranted for
this impiovement, it is due to the inventor that
this case should be again heard, and if he is enti-
tled to a patent that it should now be granted, not-
withstanding the first hearing of the case.
Mr. OLIN. It will be seen in a moment, if the
House will listen, that this application is one of
very great significance and importance. The in-
vention soug*ht to be put within the control of this
man, if he be the original inventor, has long since
gone into general use all over the country, and if
we were now to subject the contrivance to a pat-
ent right, it would be of the greatest importance.
Before I would consent to do that, I would desire i
to be furnished, not only with the evidence that j
this man is the original inventor, and that the in- [
vention was decided not to be patentable, but 1
would desire further that there should be no other
objection to the granting of a patent of that de-
scription to the applicant who now asks the inter-
vention of Congress to sccuie him a right which
is of very great importance, and which affects the
interests of the whole country. I would like to
hear, and I think the House ought to hear, before
they authorize the Commissioner of Patents to
rehear this case and issue a patent of this descrip-
tion, all the facts of the case. They ought to know
when this application was made, what were the
objections to it, and whether it was conceded that
he'was the original inventor of arranging these
telegraphic wires m the mode described in the ap-
plication. I trust the House will not, without a
moment's reflection, without a moment'sconsid-
eration, pass a measure of so great importance as
this, affecting the interest of the whole country.
Every submarine telegraphic cable is now pre-
pared precisely in this way, and it would give a
monopoly of that whole business to this individ-
ual, who seems now, whatever his original equities
may have been, to have lost the right to control
and monopolize the business.
The invention has already passed into the com-
mon mechanical contrivances of every telegraphic
wire submerged under water throughout the
whole country. Now', I think the House should'
pause, or, at least, that they should consider care- ,
fully, all the circumstances attending the merits
of this application, and that they should consider
gravely whether they will, at this late day, after
this thing has come into common use, as much so
as table spoons, pass a law to invest any man
with a monopoly of that business in this country.
I am, therefore, opposed to putting this bill upon
its passage. It may have merits, but I should
like to understand the whole case before I am
called upon to vote upon so grave a matter as this.
Mr. NOBLE. It is not proposed by this bill
to grant to the applicant a patent right; it is sim-
ply proposed that his application therefor may be
reheard by the Commissioner of Patents—the
proper tribunal to hear such applications—and if
it is right that the applicant should have a patent,
then, and in that case, and in that case only, shall
a patent be granted.
Mr. OLIN, Allow me to ask the gentleman a
question. Does the gentleman mean by that, sim-
ply if it shall appear upon examination that the
applicant was the original inventor of this con-
trivance, he shall have a patent, notwithstanding
this article has gone into common use throughout
the country, and has been in public and unre-
strained use for years? Does the gentleman mean
that all those obstacles which would prevent the
granting of a patent under ordinary circumstances
shall be discarded and rejected, and that the ap-
plicant shall have a patent, if he can satisfy the
Commissioner that he was in fact the original in-
ventor, ami that all other objections shall be
waived ?
Mr. NOBLE. I will answer the inquiry of the
gentleman by stating, that the laws upon the sub-
ject will not prevent any objections being made
before that tribunal that are competent to be_ made
at any time. They can always be offered in evi-
dence against the issuing of a patent, and it is
proposed now by this bill, simply to give the ap- ,
plicanta rehearing of his application, and not to
prevent the urging of any objection whatever
against the issuing of a patent and against the
right.
Now, if it is true that the applicant is not the
original inventor, that would be a proper subject to
be urged against the application before the Com-
missioner. If it is true thathe has abandoned the
application, that, too, is a question to be decided
by that tribunal. If it is true that by neglect, or
any other means, he has abandoned his claim to
the patent, that is a proper subject to be inves-
tigated by the Commissioner, and decided upon
according to the right and justice of the case. The
purpose of the bill is that the question of right
shall be transferred to the proper tribunal.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman accept a bill
providing that the Commissioner shall rehear the
application, and decide it according to the estab-
lished rules of law and practice of the Commis-
i sioner of Patents ?
I Mr. NOBLE. Those are the express words of
I the provisions of my biil.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no.
Mr. NOBLE. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. OLIN. Not by any manner of means.
Mr. NOBLE. If I can be furnished with a copy
of the bill, I can show in a moment that it is so.
Mr. OLIN. I will read a portion of the bill.
It says:
That the Commissioner of Patents be, and he is hereby,
authorized to rehear and determine, as in his discretion
and judgment shall be required by tii<: justice of the ease,
the application of George B. Simpson for letters patent for
a certain invention; * and whatever
shall be required by justice and right In the application,
shall be granted by the said ComrriHsioner the same as if
said application had never been heretofore heard or decided.
Mr. NOBLE. The gentleman does not read
the whole bill.
Mr. OLIN. I have read sufficient to show the
principle upon which the Commissioner is to de-
cide the case. My friend is a lawyer, and he will
see that this bill expressly invests the Commis-
sioner of Patents with the power to rehear and
