1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19; American Jurist, vol. 4, p.79, note.) ft is not allowed,
even al'toi lie has been &wo-rn. (The Uueen'b ca&e, 2 B.
and B., 28-1.) Not because it it> a question tending to dis-
grace him j but because it would be a pptsoiial scrutiny
into the '-tate of his faith and conscience, foreign to the
spnit of our institutions. No man is obliged to avow his
belief; hut if he voluntarily does avow it, theie its no ieaso 
why the avowal should not be proved, like any other lact.
The tnuh and sincerity of the avowal, and the continuance
of tin* belief thus avowed, are presumed, ami very justly,
too, till they art; disproved, if his opinions have been sub-
sequently changed, this change will generally, if not always,
be provable m the same mode.' (Attwood vs. YVelton, 7
Conn., Go; Ouitis us. Strong, 4 Day, 51; Swift's Evid.,
48-50; Mr. Ohnstian's note to 3 131.'Comm., 369; 1 Phil.
Evid., 18; Commonwealth vs. Bacheler, 4 Am. Jurist, 79,
note.) it the change of opinion is very recent, this fur-
nisher. no i?oodgM>und to admit the witness himself to do-
claie it; because of the greater inconvenience, winch
would result from thus opening a door to fraud, than tiom
adhering to the rule reijuning other evidence of this fact.
The old cases, in which the witness himseh was questioned
a< to his belief, have on this point been overruled. (See
Christian's note to,3 Bl. Comm., .'^69, note 30.) The law,
theiefoie, is not reduced to any absuulity in this matter It
exercises no inquisitorial powei; neither does it lesort to
secondary or hear-ay evidence. U the witness is objected
to, it asks third persons to testify, whether he has declared
hi-? disbelief in God, and in a future state of rewards and
punishment-. Sac. Of this fact they are as good witnesses
as he could be; and the testimony is primary and direct."
And here again is additional illustration from
the great work of Phillips on Evidence:
"After the incompetency of the witness from defect of
relmiou^ belief is satisfactorily established by proot ot his
decimations out ot court, he will not be permitted to deny
oi explain siiHi declarations or Ins opinions, or to state his
recantauonof them, when called to be sworn. But he may
be leMoied to his competency, on giving satisfactory proof
of a change of opinion before the trial, so as to repel any
preemption arising from his previous declarations of infi-
delity."
1 do not wish to press this illustration too far.
But it seems to me clear that, if you accept the
declarations of a person as decisive with regard to
his religious belief they must beacceptcd as equally
decisive with regard to his political belief. An
oath to support the Constitution presupposes po-
litical belief, as much as the oath itself presup-
poses religious belief.
Pardon mo, sir; but I cannot refrain from as-
tonishment that Senators, learned lawyers,should
be willing to treat the oath to support the Consti-
tution as an oath oi purgation—an oath of defeca-
tion—an oath of purification—an oath by which a
suspected person may cleanse himself—an oath
by which an evil spirit may be cast out. Sir, it
is no such thing. Such is not the oath of the Con-
stitution. By that oath the accepted Senator dedi-
cates himself solemnly to the Constitution. Sir,
it is not an oath of purgation, as Senators insist,
but an oath of consecration. It is to such an^ath
that may he fitly applied the words of the ancients
when they spoke of the oath as " the greatest
pledge of Faith among; men."
I do not wish to be carried off into technicalities;
but since Senators have insisted that this oath is
merely of purgation, I desire to add that, accord-
ing to early wi iters, it is well known that there arc
two forms of oaths, one technically styled "the
oath of expurgation," sometimes called the ex offi-
cio oath, by which persons were bound to answer
all questions, even to the extent of accusing thrm-
sfhes or intimate friends. Tins oath was much
used and abused in the days of Queen Elizabeth.
A.t an earlier day it was administered to an Arch-
bishop of York charged with murder; and no less
than one hundred compurgators were sworn with
him. The other is what is called the "promis-
sory oath," which is the oath of the sovereign,
the magisiidte, the judge, the Senator. Such an
oath is widely different from the oath by which a
person clears himself from suspicion, or cleanses
his name.
There is another oath, which is familiarly known
by its peculiar name; I mean the custom-hottse oath.
You all know something of this oath, which is
taken hastily, without solemnity or question, and
js now an acknowledged nuisancc and mockery,
against which people petition Congress. By such
oaths, " sworn is the tongue, but unsworn is the
mind." With such oaths as seed, suiely pei jury
is tiie natural harvest. If Senators who have
spoken in this debate can have their own way, you
will degrade the solemn oath of the Constitution
to the same class, and make it the seed of a sim-
ilar harvest.
For myself, I am determined, so far as my vote
or voice can go, that the oath shall mean some-
thing, and that it shall be keptsolemn and above
suspicion. It shall not be degraded to be an oath
of purgation or a custom-house oath; but shall
be in all simplicity—what it is regarded by the
Constitution—an oath of office, m itself the pure
and truthful expression of an assured loyalty. I
say, sir, of an assured loyalty; not of a loyalty
which is yet in question, which is yet doubtful,
so that people testify against it. Ana where there
is evidence seriously impeaching the loyalty of a
claimant, he shall not, with my consent, be per-
mitted to take that oath until the impeachment
has been removed. Sir, I am not insensible to
the attractions of comedy, when well performed
on the stage; but there is a place for everything,
and I am unwilling to sit in my seat here and wit-
ness the comedy that is now proposed. The
Senate is to resolve itself into a theater, under the
management of grave Senators; the Senator from
New York, the Senator from Maine, and other
Senators, and we are to see the play proceed.
The claimantfrom Oregon will cross the floor, and
under honorable escort approach the desk, take
the oath, and kiss the book. The title of the play
is borrowed from a forgotten old English drama,
"Treason Made Easy; or, An Oath no Great
Thing."
Permit me to say, that it ill becomes the Senate
at this moment to do or to forbear anything by
which the standard of loyalty can be lowered. If
it justly expects loyalty from others—if it requires
loyalty in its soldiers and officers—surely it ought
to set an example of that loyalty in its own mem-
bers. Toward itself, at least, it cannot be too
austere in its requirements. "Wherever about us
disloyalty shows itself—whether in the Senate or
in its lobby; whether already intrenched here, or
struggling to enter in; whether planted at these
desks, or still standing at the gate—we have one
and the same duty to perform. We must inquire
into its character; and if it be found unworthy of
trust, we must chastise it or exclude it from the
Senate. This is the least we can do.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I had hoped that this
debate had nearly closed; and I rise in my place
now simply for the purpose of expressing my
astonishment at the course of remark of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I regard his speech,
the language in which he has couched it, and the
sentiments he has expressed as containing a most
unwarrantable assault upon a person who has no
right to respond to him on this floor, and most
unwarrantable for that. It is the gentleman's priv-
ilege here to express his opinions, it is true; hut
it seems to me the Senator might have clothed his
assault in something like courteous language, and
left out his denunciations, considering particularly
the fact that the gentlemen whom he was assault-
ing had no privilege of responding.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have spoken
of the facts now before the Senate; and I at former
times in this debate have stated that I did not wish
to prejudge this case. I asked for an investigation
into the facts; and the very remarks of the Senator
who has just taken his seat are an all-sufficient
argument in favor of what I have asked. The
Senator says that I have used unjustifiable lan-
guage with reference to the claimant from Oregon.
What is the language that I have used that the
Senator regards as unjustifiable ?
Mr. McDOUGtALL. That his purging him-
self, for instance, would be perjury. An assault
of that kind ought not to be made here, in this
Senate, or anywhere else, except upon very suf-
ficient ground. The Senator had said in his place,
with the papers before him, that he did not know
how he should vote when the question should
come before him.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not hear the first part of
the remaik of the Senator.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator said that this
oath of purgation would be perjurj', in his judg-
ment, on the part of Mr. Stark; so that he has
judged him finally. The Senator said in his place,
having the report of the committee before him,
and all the facts presented to any Senator, that he
hr.d not arrived at a conclusion; that he would not
make up his mind except upon Full investigation.
Now, with no other testimony—and I will say
without any testimony: without anything that
bears the color of testimony, such as is known in
courts of justice—he has pronounced him as a man
who, if he took the oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, woum be guilty of per-
JU,T- , ,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has not stated
my position accurately. I do not doubt his desire
to do" me justice. I certainly have no desire to do
him other than justice. I said this: Senators have
urged that the claimant should be admitted to ta&e
this oath in order to purge himself. I wished to
expose the inadequacy of that suggestion. I
wished to show that the oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States is not an oath of pur-
gation. In exposing'that, I repeated the language,
*'an oath to purge himself;'* and i said, fathe?r,
if the argument on the other side is to hold good,
an oath to perjure himself; ?md that I repeat. Sir*
it will be just as I have said, because you fi'avfc' on
your table there uncontradicted testimony tending
to show that the claimant is not loyal to this Gbv- •
eminent; and therefore do I say that if now, with-
out any investigation—that was my argument—
without any inquiry, you allow the claimant to
come forward to take that oath, having that testi-
mony before you, you do allow him to come for-
ward to perjure himself. I do not say that the
claimantfrom Oregon will perjure himself. I have
: said before that I do not prejudge this case. 1 do
not know that it will not be in the power of the
claimant when this case comes up for inquiry, if
the Senate allows it to be looked into, to snow
that all the testimony in regard to his'Joyalty is
baseless; but there is the testimony—testimony
tending to show that the claimant is not loyal to
the Constitution oF the United States. Therefore
do I say, in the face of that uncontradicted testi-
mony—and I pray the Senator from California to
mark the limitation of what i say—in the-face of
that uncontradicted testimony, if you allow the
claimant to come forward to take that oath, you
allow him tu come forward and take all the re-
sponsibilities which I have suggested.
Sir, I felt it my duty to make that suggestion,
because I desire that the Senate should see pre-
cisely where they stand. I desire the Senate to
be aware that if they undertake to say that in the
face of numerous affidavits, vouched by numerous
letters from the most respectable citizens of the
State, solemnly declaring that the claimant hasut-
tereddisloyal sentiments to thisGovernment; that,
notwithstanding all that, he shall be admitted to go
forward and take the oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, I say the Senate sol-
emnly make themselves parties to the disloyalty
with which he is charged; and I go still further,
and say that they undertake to enact a comedy.
Sir, to it 1 do not wish to be a party. I enjoy a
comedy. I like to sit on the benches and see the
well-graced actor as he moves upon the stage; but
I do not wish to see a claimant with such testi-
mony against him as you have now on your table
allowed to cross this floor and take the oath to
Support the Constitution of the United States, and
the Senate declaring that it has no power at this
moment to make any inquiry into the question
whether that oath is valid or not. That is my
answer to the remark of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Now, again, I desire to say in all frankness,
and I pray the Senatoi^to accept my statement,
that I shall approach the consideration of this ques-
tion, if the Senate choose to go into the inquiry,
absolutely uncommitted, without any Final opinion
formed upon it. I have not even caivfully studied
the actual evidence beFore us. I looked a tit enough
to see that, in the Face of that evidence, it is impos-
sible for this Senate to allow him to take that oath
without saying that it regarded the oath as value-
less, that it regarded perjury as of very little ac-
count, and that it was willing to adopt the title of
the old English play,li Treason Made Easy; or,
An Oath no Great Thing."
Mr. DAVIS. Having said a Few words upon
this subject when it was before the Senate on a
former day, I fee* myself somewhat constrained,
in order to explain my vote, to add a few words
upon the present occasion. I do not doubt that
the Senate have the right to investigate the ques-
tion of a gentleman's loyalty to the Government
when he presents himself to be sworn in as a Sen-
ator; and that is the position which I maintained
ifi the remarks that 1 made on a former day.
It has been said, Mr. President, by some oF the
members of the Senate, that there is probably as
much evidence before the Senate upon the ques-
tion of fact of the loyalty of the gentleman from
Oregon now, as will be got before the Senate, and^
the whole of the evidence being before the Senate,
it is as well prepared to act upon the question of
