2B86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
Illinois and elsewhere have great confidence in
these green-backed Treasury notes. They gather
them up and hoard them just as much asthey used
to hoard gold and silver.
Inasmuch as Congress has decided to issue these
notes, I shall acquiesce in it still,although itmay
be of little consequence to me or anybody else;
yet I want to put on the record that I deem it to
be an unwise financial policy that we have in-
augurated; but having inaugurated it, I want the
Government to have the exclusive benefit. I want
a law to b? passed to exclude the bank note cir-
culation, which is of much less value than the Uni-
ted States Treasury notes. The people have con-
fidence in these Treasury notes, and they do not
generally have it in the irredeemable bank note
issues. I say that they are not money. There
is not a bank which redeems its issues. I am told
that the Chemical Bunk has never suspended or
tailed to redeem their notes. I have no doubt that
ie true of that bank and of a few others; but these
are exceptional cases.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me that I have heard all this before. [Laughter.]
I do not believe that any one new idea has been
advanced by anybody since we discussed it be-
fore, and, therefore, 1 do not propose to discuss
it at this time.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I have been told that I have
done injustice to the Chemical Rank—that it is a
bank of issue, and redeems its issue in gold and
silver.
Mr. BLAKE. The gentleman has done injus-
tice to the banks of Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. There is not a bank in Massa-
chusetts I hat does not pay its notes.
Mr. BLAKE. Or in Ohio.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is not one in either
State that docs.
Mr. STEVENS. Banks arc excellent things;
yet, if yon gut one of their notes you cannot pass
it beyond the town in which it is issued. If you
can, you iiave better lucJf than 1 have. I got one
from Pennsylvania, and 1 could not pass it at all;
and yet 1 dare say that it was as good as any one
of those I have hoard praised. The truth is, these
one dollar bank notes arc not known beyond their
local circulation. It is desirable that our soldiers
should be paid in something that will puss all over
the country. It is desirable that they should have
notes when they are paid at the White House mid
desire to go home, to Pennsylvania, New York,
or New England, which they can pass as well any-
where fifty miles from where they get them as at
tho place where they received them. They can-
not do it now,and what is the result? Either the
Government must buy gold,and pay it out in sums
below five dollars, or these poor men will have to
take these notes of the banks which tltey cannot
pass beyond the neighborhood where they had
been manufactured. If we have to buy gold, as
we have, one result is that gold will rise. The
other reason is that we have to buy gold with
which to pay interest upon our bonds. I think the
Oovemmont might as well pay its own notes as
to buy gold at the premium which is now ruling.
1 think wo had better use these notes in paying our
soldiers, than have the paymaster pay them in the
notes of the local bunks where the paymasters re-
spectively reside. A paymaster residing at York,
Pennsylvania, gets the small notes of the York
banks, good at home and redeemable there, but
noUcnown when you get south of the Potomac.
Therefore it is we are paying off these poor men
in what to them is a nuisance, and are buying gold
and paying just what the bullion dealers choose
to charge the United States. I want to get out of
that condition of things. I am now speaking to
the amendmentupon which I am now about to ask
n vote.
As to the general principles of the bill, if I should
hear one idea which was not advanced at the time
of the last argument upon this subject,, I may say
a word in acknowledgment of it, for, so for as I
am concerned, I had not many ideas then, and J
have got fewer now, I believe, for they have run
out. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania—not with a view
of advancing a new idea, for he has announced
thutalmost impossibleafterthediscussion we have
heretofore had upon the subject—whether he, as
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
can give us any assurance that this is the last
batch of notes of this description the Secretary will
call upon this House to authorize him to issue ?
Mr. STEVENS. After we shall have got
through with the amendments, I propose to say
a few words generally upon the merits of the bill,
and then I will answer the question which the
gentleman propounds to me now. I will, how-
ever, now say that if the system which is at pres-
ent pursued of depositing notes and never convert-
ing them into bonds, and which has prevailed
since that vicious deposit system upon interest
was forced upon us by the Senate and outside of
the Senate, shall continue, I do not know where
there will be an end of this issue. I cannot see
it. I am not responsible for it.
Mr. MALLORY. One question more. We
all know the intimate relation subsisting, and
which must necessarily subsist, between the man-
ager of the Finance Committee of this Blouse and
the Secretary of the Treasury. We all know that
that distinguished gentleman must be aware, to a
great extent, of the opinions and purposes of the
distinguished member of the Administration to
whom I have alluded; and I respectfully inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in view of
that fact, whether he knows that the Secretary of
the Treasury does or does not contemplate an ad-
ditional demand oil this House for a further issue
of Treasury notes?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no knowledge that he
intends to ask for authority to issue any more. I
may say to the gentleman from Kentucky that,
while I have great respect for all of the opinions
of the Secretary of the Treasury, we do not agree
upon financial questions exactly, and we cannot
harmonize any more than I do with gentlemen
around me. I do not know his views. I had
hoped the business would be so conducted that no
more would be needed. I do not believe thisissue
will be injurious; but I do believe a repetition of
it might bung us to that. I shall say a few words
upon that subject hereafter. At present I am
speaking to the amendment; and I now move that
the committee rise for the purpose of closing de-
bate upon the pending amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. PiiELrs, of Missouri, le-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tho Union had,according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly a bill (H. R. No. 187) to authorize the issue
of additional Treasury notes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move that all debate upon
the pending amendment be closed in one second
after the Committee of the Whole resumes tho
consideration thereof.
The motion was agreed to,
PAY 01' Oi'FICUItS Of THE ARMY, ETO.
Mr. OLIN. Before going into committee again,
I move that the House insist upon their amend-
ments to the "bill of the Senate (No. 175) to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army and for other purposes, and agree to the
committee of conference asked for by the Senate.
Tho motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itselfinto the Committee
of the Whole on tho state of the Union, (Mr.
Phelps,ot Missouii, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. 11. No. 187) to
authoiize the issue of additional Treasury notes;
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Spaulding, to strike out, in sec-
tion one, line eight, the words "not less," and
insert:
Provided, That no note* shall be iisuod for a fractional
pait of a dollar, and not moie than §50,000,000 shall be of
I,es5 denomination.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Mr. Thomas, ofMas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Shanks were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the substi-
tute by striking out from the word "and," in the
eighteenth line, to the word " thereof," m line
twenty-nine, as follows ;
And any holder of said United States notes depositing any
sum not less than fifty dollars, or ^onie multiple of fifty dol-
lars, with the Treasurer of tlie United Slates, or cither of
the Assistant Treasurers, shall reccive in exchange there-
for duplicate certificates of deport, one of winch may be
tiansmittcil to the Secretary of the Tiea«ui\> who shall
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount of bonds of
the United States, coupon or registered, aa may by said
holder be dcsiied, bearing interest at the late of ma per cent,
per anuum, payable semi-annually, and ledeemable at the
pleasure of the United States after five years, and payable
twenty years from the date thereof.
I will explain the reason why I make this mo-
tion. The provision is not in the draft of this bill
as sent to the House in the communication ftom
the Secretin y of the Treasury, and I do not very
well know how it got into this bill, unless it was
copied from the old bill, in which it was. By this
provision, any man holding demand notes and
legal tondernotescan deposit themat par,and com-
pel tho Secretary of the Treasury to issue twenty
years bondsatparforthem. Itleaves no option.
For some time past, if it had not been for that pro-
vision in the former law, the Secretary of the
Treasury could have sold these bonds at about
five per cent, advance. They have borne a pre-
mium to that extent. This has, therefore, allowed
speculators to take these legal tender notes and
demand six per cent, bonds, which were five per
cent, in value above the notes. There was no dis-
cretion in the Secretary of the Treasury to refuse
it. By striking this out we should leave it discre-
tionary with the Secretary to exchange the bonds
at such price as they are worth,and do notcompel
him to exchange them at par for a currency which
is below the value of the bonds themselves.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand coirectly the
motion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, he proposes by his amendment to throw
the depreciation of this currency upon the holders
of it, upon whom it is forced, by the operation of
the legal tender clause, and he does not propose
that the Government shall have the magnanimity
to give even its own bonds in exchange for its
own currency. That is the effect of it, as I un-
derstand.
Wow, in the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, sent to us on the 7th of June, I find this clause:
"It may properly be Anther observed that since the United
Statcsnotes aie made a legal tender, and maintained nearly
at the par of gold by the ptovision for their conversion mto
bonds beanng six per cent, interest, payable in coin, it is
not easy to see why small notes may not be issued as wisely
as huge ones. The notes made a legal tender circulate aa
money ; and the Government may authenticate, by device
and imprint, small notes as well as small coins. The limit
is to be lound only 111 public coiftemeuce, which indicates
the denominations in notes similar to denominations in gold
leaving the smaller circulation of silver (less valuable than
gold) as before."
The Secretary himself assigns as a reason why
these notes are maintained nearly at par of coin,
the fact of their convertibility into bonds. I do
not know but I may be mistaken, and that I may
have misunderstood the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. If I do understand the gentleman, to strike
out this provision will throw the loss, whatever it
may be, upon the innocent holders and not upon
the Government, which is the cause of the depre-
ciation.
Mr. STEVENS. My amendment will give the
Secretary the option to sell these bonds for their
value or to keep them until he can so sell them.
As the law now stands, he is obliged to sell bonds "
at five per cent, below their value and take the
notes that we issue. I do not care what is the
cause of their keeping at par or neaily so. 1 shall
not enter into any financial disquisition as to what
it is that keeps the bonds very nearly at the value
of gold. I think the Secretary of the Treasury
ought to have an opportunity of selling the bonds
for just what they will bring without regard to
anything else.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the effect of this amend-
ment, if adopted, would be to create still another
class of 1 reasury notes. We have now those that
are receivable in dues, and we have authorized
still another class convertible into United States
stocks; and now the proposition is to cut loose
from gold in every respect, and to issue a cur-
rency the first $10,000,000 of which necessitates
§50,000,000 more, and that $50,000,000 more ne-
cessitates bankruptcy. If this amendment shall
be adopted, there is no hold left to the standard of
specie at all, and hereafter the Secretary of the
Treasury is to be authorized to exchange for notes
