1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
deeido this case according to what he thinks is
just,
in other words, it invests him with entire and
unlimited discretion to decide this case as lie sees
fit, upon the rehearing. What I desire is that the
gentleman shall consent to take a bill which shall
authorize the Commissioner of Patents to rehear
and decide this case according to the rules of law
as established in the Patent Office.
Mr. NOBLE.- 1 am perfectly willing to do that.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman will modify this
bill accordingly I shall have no objection.
Mr. NOBLE. The bill does that already; but
if there is any doubt about it, I will make the mod-
ification. Let me read the second section of the
bill to show that I am right:
Sec. 2. Jlndhe it farther enacted, That the hearing and
final determination of the '•.aid application shall be con-
ducted and determined, in all other respects, in conformity
totlie law* in force governing like cases.
But I will modify the bill by inserting after the
word "justice" in the first section, the words
44 and law of the case."
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, informed the .House that
the President had approved and signed a bill for
the relief of Francis Hiittmann.
GEORGE B. SIMPSON—AGAIN".
Mr. NOBLE. I will modify my amendment
so as to put it in better shape. I move to insert,
after the word " by," the words " law and;" so
that it will read, " be required by law and the jus-
tice of the case."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. And now I would like the gentle-
man to insevrt a provision saving the right of all
persons engaged in the manufacture of the article.
Mr. NOBLE. That is saved by the law of the
case, unless they have violated the rights of the
inventor.
Mr. OLIN. Hut lie has not got any rights.
Mr. NOBLE. If his application was on file?
Mr. OLIN. His application has been made
and denied, and the community are engaged in
the manufacture of the article. You do not pro-
pose to have the patent right granted to take effect
so as to render all the men now engaged m the
• manufacture of the article liable to prosecution
for infringing the patent. Just modify your bill
so as to protect their rights.
Mr. NOBLE. There can have been no infringe-
ment of the patent up to this time, surely; and if
there has been any infringement since the appli-
cation has been made, then they should be liable.
Mr. OLIN. Why, certainly not. Your appli-
cation has been made and denied, and of course
nobody ought, by an actof Congress reviving the
application, to be subjected to penalties if your
application is subsequently granted.
Mr. NOBLE. I do not think the amendment
proposed by the gentleman is right, and I will not
offer it myself, and I hope it will not be adopted.
But, rather than run the risk of the defeat of the
bill for want of this proposition being made, I will
yield to the gentleman to offer the amendment.
Mr. OLIN. I move to add at the end of the
first section the following proviso:
Provided, however, That this application shall not affect
any «;\iMing light oi imurc&l m the manufactuie of the
article sought io be patented.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NOBLE mnv«*d to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN GOULDING.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of n substitute, the bill of the House (No.
329) for the relief of John Goulding.
The substitute was read, it authorizes John
Goulding to apply to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for a renewal and extension for the term of
seven years from the time of such renewal, of the
letters patent heretofore granted to him for his
improvements in machinery for the manufacture
of wool and other fibrous substances; and it au-
thorizes and empowers the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to grant such renewal or extension or with-
hold the same under existing laws, m the same
manner as if the application had been seasonably
made, provided that such renewal or extension
shall not have the effect or be construed to restrain
persons who may be using the machinery invented
by said Goulding at the time of the renewal and
extension from continuing the use of the same,
nor to subject them to any claim for damages for
having so used the same.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will state to the House
that this inventor obtained a patent for machinery
for the manufacture of wool and other fibrous sub-
stances, but having met with great opposition and
litigation, he did not realize any profit from the
invention. He wrote a letter to the Commissioner
of Patents, asking at what time he should apply
for an extension. The Commissioner replied that
he might apply any time before the expiration of
the letters patent. The inventor, being misled
by that answer, did not apply until a few days
before the expiration of the letters patent, when
the Commissioner informed him that it was too
late. This bill simply proposes to give him the
right to corrcct the mistake committed by the
Commissioner. It saves the rights of all those
who have used this machinery, or who have it in
use, and only applies to those who may manufac-
ture this machinery for future use. This Mr,
Goulding has been an inventor all his days, and
has met with the usual fate of inventors. He is
now very poor, and a very worthy man. He only
asks that the case may go back to the Commis-
sioner under the law. The bill is very carefully
guarded, and merely gives the inventor the same
rights which he would have had had he not been
misled by the action of the Commissioner. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VINCENNES LAND OFFICE AGAIN.
Mr. JULIAN. I again ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Lands,
witli a view to put upon its passage, a bill for the
relief of the register of the land office at Yin-
cennes, Indiana, and for other purposes.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I objected to this bill
this morning. I now withdraw the objection.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived. The bill directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to make such allowance for office rent during
the temporary continuance of the land office at
Vmcennes, Indiana, as may, in his opinion, be
just and proper. It also authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to adjust the accounts of John
Moore, postmaster at Yincennes, Indiana, and
allow him at the usual rates for such services, and
compensation for the custody of the books, papers,
&c., of the land office during the time the same
were in his charge under instructions from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
allowance to be paid out of the appropriation for
incidental expenses of land offices; provided the
total sum paid under the bill shall not exceed §500.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed;and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that my friend from Maine [Mr.
Goodwin] may report back from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions the bill giving pensions to
the officers and soldiers of the Army who are dis-
abled in the service, and the widows and children
of those who have died in the service, and that
the House shall take it up at this time. The bill ;
1ms been well considered by the committee, and ■
has been matured after full and free conference
with the Commissioner of Pensions and the Secre-
tary of the Interior. I have no idea that it will
meet with a single objection in the House.
There being no objection, Mr. Goodwin, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported back
bill of the House No. 438, to grant pensions.
The bill was read. It provides that if any offi-
cer, non-commissioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate of the Army, including regulars, volunteers,
and militia, or any officer, non-commissioned offi-
cer, musician, seaman, ordinary seaman, flotilla-
man, marine, cierk, landsman, pilot, or other per-
son in the Navy or Marine Corps, has been, since
the 4th of March, 1861, or shall hereafter be, dis-
abled by reason of any wound received or disease
contracted while in the service of the United States,
and in the line of duty, he shall, upon making due
proof of the fact according to such forms and reg-
ulations as are or may be provided by or in pur-
suance of law, be placed upon the list of invalid
pensions of the United States, and be entitled to
receive, for the highest rate of disability, such
pension as is provided in such cases, and for an
inferior disability an amount proportionate to the
highest disability, to commence as provided, and
continue during the existence of such disability.
The pension for a total disability for officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates
employed in the military service of the United
States, whether regulars, volunteers, or militia,
and in the Marine Corps, shall be as follows:
lieutenant colonel, and all officers of a higher
rank, thirty dollars per month; major, twenty-five
dollars per month; captain, twenty dollars per
month; first lieutenant, seventeen dollars per
month; second lieutenant, fifteen dollars per
month ;and non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, eight dollars per month. The pension
for total disability for officers, non-commissioned
officers, and others employed in the naval service
of the United States, shall be as follows: captain,
commander, lieutenant-commanding, and master-
commanding, thirty dollars per month; lieutenant,
chief engineer, surgeon, and passed assistant sur-
geon, twenty-five dollars per month; professor of
mathematics, assistant surgeon, chaplain, pay-
master, and master, twenty dollars per month;
first assistant engineers, pilots, and assistant pay-
masters, fifteen dollarspermonth; teacher,school-
master, passed midshipman, midshipman, cap-
tain's^and paymaster's clerk, second and thiid
assistant engineer, master's mate, and all warrant
officers, ten dollars per month; all other petty of-
ficers, and all other persons before named employed
m the naval service, eight dollars per month; and
all commissioned officers, of either service, shall
receive such and only such pension as is herein
provided for the rank in which they hold commis-
sions.
The second section provides that if any officer
or other person named in the first section of this
act has died since the 4th day of March, 1861, or
shall hereafter die, by reason of any wound re-
ceived or disease contracted while in the service
of the United States, and in the line of duty, his
widow, or, if there be no widow, his child or chil-
dren under eighteen years of age, shall be entitled
to receive the same pension as the husband or
father would have been entitled to had he been
totally disabled, to commence from the death of
the husband or father, and to continue to the
widow during her widowhood, or to the child or
children until they severally attain to the age of
eighteen years, and no longer.
The third section provides that where any offi-
cer or other person named in the first section of
this act shall have died subsequently to the 4th
day of March, 3861, or shall hereafter die, by
reason of any wound received or disease contracted
while in the service of the United States, and in
the line of duty, and has not left or shall not leave
a widow or legitimate child, but has left or shall
leave a mother who is a widow and who was de-
pendent upon him for support, in whole or in part,
the mother shall be entitled to receive the same
pension as such officer or other person would have
been entitled to had he been totally disabled; which
pension shall commencc from the death of the offi-
cer or other person dying as aforesaid; provided,
however, that if such mother shall herself be in
receipt of a pension as a widow, in virtue of the
provisions of the second section of this act, in that
case no pension or allowance shall be granted to
her on account of her son, unless she gives up the
other pension or allowance; and provided, fur-
