kC
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887
which have no standard value because no convert-
ibility into gold, that issue of United States bonds,
which are also deprived of all standard value by
reason of their very convertibility in a thing that
is worthless. I think we have gone far enough in
that direction.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I should
like to inquire of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] if this amendment is the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means?
Mr. STEVENS. As I said before, I do not
know how this clause got in the bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is this
amendment recommended by the committee?
Mr. STEVENS. The bill which the commit-
tee recommended was the bill of the Secretary of
the Treasury, which had not that clause in it at all.
How that clause got in in the printing I do not
know. Itwas notm the bill which was sent usby
the Secretary, and which was adopted by the com-
mittee.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
committee recommend that the clause be stricken
out?
Mr. STEVENS. The committee was in favor
of the bill without that clause.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would like to
inquire of the chairman of theCommittee of Ways
and Means whether it is in accordance with the
views and recommendations of the Secretary of
the Treasury to strike oat this clause of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It is; I have seen the Secre-
tary of the Treasury since I made the motion, and
he told me he hoped I would persevere in it.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means how many
classes of Treasury notes we-will have in circu-
lation ?
Mr. STEVENS. Well, we have one class out
now that are made legal tender, and then the Sec-
retary of the Treasury informs us that there are
$56,000,000 of notes that are held up for the pui-
pose of paving dues. They are of a different class
altogether.
Mr. DUNN. Then we have now Treasury
notes that aie receivable for customs dues.
Mr,STEVENS. Yes5sir; there aie §5G,000,000
out of thai class.
Mi. DUNN. And then we have another class
that are made legal tender, and are convertible into
six per cent, bonds. And if this amendment pre-
vails, we shall have still another class also made
legal tender, but notconvertible into bondsexcept
at such prices as the Secretary of the Treasury
may choose to take them at.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and there were—ayes 25, noes 52;
no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment, although it is in
accordance with the wishes of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out,in the sixteenth
line, the words " public and private within," and
• inserting in lieu thereof the word "due;" so that
it will read:
And shall also bp lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all d«ibts due the United States, except duties on
imports and interest, as afore.said.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that Congress has not
the power to make Treasury notes a legal tender
in payment of debts, and I expressed that belief
when a similar bill was under consideration early
in the present session. I have seen no reason since
to change that opinion. Upon that occasion argu-
ments and opinions were adduced from the great
expounder of the Constitution, Mr. Webster, and
it was stated by gentlemen upon this floor that he
had modified his views upon this subject before
his death. While that bill was under discussion,
and after I had addressed the House upon it, I
received a request from one of the literary execu-
tors of Mr. Webster that I would deny this alle-
gation That executor, who is the accomplished
historian of the Constitution, regarded it as a re-
flection on Mr. Webster's ability to decide upon
such questions and unjust to his memory. I make
this statement now in addition to what I then stated
to the House upon the subject. I did not make
it at that time, because, if the bill was to pass and
these notes were to be issued, it was my desire
that they should go out before the country under
the most favorable auspices possible. It was no
part of my duty to unnecessarily embarrass the
bill after 1 was made aware that the House was
determined to pass it.
No intelligent student of the history of the Con-
stitution and of the times in which it was adopted
will say that this power of making Treasury notes
a iegal tender would not have been expressly pro-
hibited in the Constitution if it had not been sup-
posed by those who framed the Constitution that
it was impliedly prohibited by that instrument. I
have here the Debates upon the Constitution and
the Madison Papers, and I find on page 1346 this
note by Mr. Madison on the subject of emitting
bills of credit:
" The vote in the affirmative by Virginia was occasioned
by the acquiescencc of Mr. Madison, who became satisfied
that striking out the wotds would not disable the Govern -
mcnt from the iis>e of public notes as far as thev could he
safe and proper, and would only cutoff the pretext lor a
paper currency, and particularly for making bills a tender
either for public or private debus."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish while the gentleman
is explaining the Constitution on that point,.he
would -expound that other clause which forbids
the States to emit bills oftcredit.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I have read the note'of
Mr. Madison, and I defer in such matters to Mr.
Madison rather than to the gentleman from Illi-
nois. But I may say that the notes of individuals
or of corporations arc not bills of credit, such as
the States are prohibited from issuing.
Now, with reference to the matter of the issu-
ing of these Treasury notes, while I am upon the
floor I will say a few words. We arc called upon
to issue these notes at their par value—that is, at
one hundred cents for the dollar, when in fact they
are worth but ninety-three cents and a half in the
market, because specie is the standard, and specie
is now somewhere about one hundred and seven in
the market. This fact is before us: we issue them
at ninety-three and a half cents, and we shall have
to pay, when wc redeem them, one dollar. That
fact is patent. One effect of that will be to make
everybody else in the community who makes a
purchase pay a price corresponding with that rate;
that is, they will pay one dollar for every ninety-
three and a half cents of value; and the inflation
of the currency has already caused this difference
between price and value. It may be necessary
that we should issue these notes. 1 am free to
say that I should vote with a great deal of reluc-
tance for the bill if this provision making the
notes a legal tender be stricken out; but if that
provision be retained I shall vote against the bill.
If the Government would hire money upon its
bonds this would only affect the value of the bonds
and would not affect the interest of other persons.
It would only affect the price which theGovernment
had to pay for the money. Whatever shave—to
use the language of 'change—the Government had
to submit to would operate only on the Govern-
ment. By issuing these notes at this time, in the
manner that we do issue them, we increase the
price which the people have to pay for all of their
purchases, as well as increase the price which the
Government has to pay for its purchases*
The speech made by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Lovejoy] carried us back to 1839r-40.
He made an argument which I heard during the
celebrated campaign of Van Buren and ^Tariison
upon the hard-money question. We have not
specie enough in the country to meetthe business
demands at this time. I do not agree that the ar-
gumentofthe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] is entirely sound, that the banks arc in-
flating the currency. I do not believe that that is
true; but I think that the currency is now being
inflated by the Government and not by the banks.
In my district there is a little more than twenty
million dollars of banking capital. That would
oidinarily furnish a basis of loan and discount to
the extent of twenty-six or twenty-seven million
dollars. Their line of discount is only about
twenty-three million dollats. Their present cir-
culation is perhaps less than it has been-for sev-
eral years. It is about three million dollars; and
what is true of these banks I suppose to be true
of others. I do not, therefore, believe that the
basis of the gentleman's argument is founded on
the existing state of things in New England and
in thecountry. The bank circulation has been.and
is much contracted, while the Government hasal-
ready issued $150,000,000 of notes, which have
been added to the circulating medium, so that it
is most clearly the Government andnotthe banks
which has inflated the currency.
Again, when he says that the local banks do
not redeem their circulation, I do not think that
he puts the whole facts before the country. As I
understand it, every bank in New England every
bank in my own State I am quite sure, redeems
its circulation at one of the banks in Boston—at
the agency for redemption in the city of Boston,
as often as once in each week.
Mr. WASHBURNE. In what do these banks
redeem their circulation?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. They are obliged to re-
deem it in specie or its equivalent. Its equivalent
to the business communityischeckson the banks
of New York and the bills of other banks which
redeem through the same agency.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman
from Rhode Island whether these checks arc paid
in specie or not?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That I cannot tell.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does not the gentleman
know that they are not paid in specie?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not. I answer the
question very frankly. The banks in New Eng-
land and New York, and perhaps in many other
States, are conducted on a very different basis and
system from thebanksof several western States. I
see my friend from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] looking
very inquiringly at me, and probably he is think-
ing in his own mind of the Rhode Island Central
Bank, which one of the Governors of Illinois who
came down there, carried out to Illinois and de-
stroyed, and made its circulation very bad.
Mr. WALL. The gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and states that this currency is worth only about
ninety-three cents on adollar. I desire to respond
that for all purposes of the Government it is worth
par. The gentleman also talks about the inflation
which is caused by putting hundreds of millions
into the nmrkct. Now we all know that the sup-
ply and demand regulates the inflation of prices.
In 1837 flour was worth fourteen dollars a barrel
while money in New York was one and a halfand
two per cent, a month. It is now as cheap as it
has been for several years. The gentleman also
remarked about the Rhode Island banks paying
their checks in New York in specie. I am a di-
rector of two banks m Brooklyn an.d the president
of another, and I tell the gentleman they do not
pay a dollar in gold, except it may be to accom-
modate some poor man.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not think that it is
owing to the mismanagement or fault of my friend
that the Brooklyn banks with which he is con-
nected do not pay specie.,
Mr. WALL. 'Not at all. I am in favor of pay-
ing in specie, but we have not got it. I have heard
no complaints,.however* in the banks with which
I am connected, as to their not being able to get
out their circulation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My friend from
Rhode Island alludes to me in connection with the
Rhode Island bank said to have been in some way
attracted from the State of Rhode Island to the
State of Illinois, and there used to the detriment
either of the bank or our people. I suggest to him
that if he treasures up the green-backed Treasury
notes and has them taken out to Illinois it will not
injure anybody, butwillgiveusagood circulation.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 am not green enough to
do that, Mr. Chairman. I will attend first, how*
ever, to the suggestions of my friend from New
York, [Mr. Wall.] He says that pricesarereg-
ulated by the supplyand demand. I do notthink
that that standard is an infallible one. If we have
nothing to buy with, I do not think that supply
and demand has much to do with the price which
wc may bo asked to pay, while the currency that
is in circulation has a great deal to do with fix-
ing values. I do not think that the gentleman
when he comes to reflect upon the subject, will
adopt the theory which he stated in all its length
and breadth. If all the property of the country
was atonce tobe leduced to money, as it is, values
must depend upon tli£ demand for the circulating
medium. If wc should adopt a circulating medium,
whether of Treasury notes, bank notes or gold
or silver or copper or all combined, values would
afterwards bear a relation to the business demands
of the country for the circulating medium, and
