THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
\>oS" any other time do we try it; we are never
'privileged to .enter upon it. Nor do we subject
him to any religious test either now or at any other
time. For aught I know it may be made perfectly
clear that the Senator from Oregon is entitled to
his seat; but what I contend for is that if he be
disloya!rif he be not entitled to his seat, or if
there be any question as to this point, we may
i>ow enter upon the inquiry of his loyalty or dis-
loyalty; that this is the proper time; that it would
be a perfect force to admit him to a seat on this
ftoor, then institute an inquiry as to his loyalty,
find out that hp was disloyal, and then expel him.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not intend, Mr. Presi-
dent, to detain the Senate by anything: like an ex-
tended argument in this case. After the able and
unanswerable argument addressed to the Senate
by the Senator t\om Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] the
other day, it \tfould be, m my opinion, a work of
supererogation. But, sir, I desire, after having
given mature reflection for the government of my
own.vote in this matter, to say that 1 have arrived
at the conclusion that the Senate has ho power to
do that which \ve are called upon by gentlemen
who oppose the qualification of the Senator,from
Oregon to do. It is a question, in fact, to assert
the power of the Senate to exclude from represent-
ation any State that may not choose to select a
representative who may be agreeable to a major-
ity of the Senate. That is the naked power that
we are called upon to assert—one, I venture to say,
that would do more to overthrow the chnractcr of
ourGovernment,and destroy the rights of the peo-
ple and of the States under the Constitution, than
any single act it is in the power of this body to
perform. And in order to sustain such a propo-
sition, gentlemen resort to cases, which they put
upon the spur of the moment, that never could
occur to embarrass the Senate. The question was
put by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] the other day, when I had occasion to
submit u few remarks to the body, what could be
done if his State should be so unfortunate as to
select as a representative here a horse-thief, not
knowing him to be one at the time the selection or
appointment was made. Sir, I take it for granted
that that State of my friend has laws upon her
statute-hook which would enable her to take from
this Chamber and try one who had been guilty of
such an offense, and punish him, and thus relieve
her and the Senate from being disgraced by his
remaining longer upon this floor.
Mr. CLARK. Let mo say to the honorable
Senator that he might be taken and punished, but
that would not vacate his scat.
Mr. CARLILE. When he is suffering the
punishment visited upon him by ins State for the
violation of her laws, he is not here, according to
the argument of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire and those who agree with him, to embarrass
the Administration in the conduct of the Govern-
ment, or to give aid and comfort to any of the
enemicvS of tin1 Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Virginia allow nu- to ask him a question ?
Mr. CARLILE Ceitainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Take the case which the
Senator puts; suppose thataperson elected a Sen-
ator was indicted for larceny, and tried and con-
victed before reaching his seat in the Senate, and
sentenced to imprisonment, and therefore was not
here to take his seat, which he would let him have
under his doctiine if he were here 
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he were not here, I
should like to know if the State of New Hamp-
shire is to go unrepresented while he serves his
time in the penitentiary?
Mr. CARLILE. If I am not mis taken, I under-
stood the Senator from Illinois to state the other
day that Congress had passed a law excluding
from office those who were convicted of such
offenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not such offenses, but
some offpnses.
Mr. CARLILE. If there is no law excluding
persons from seats in this body for the commis-
sion of crime, and you can indulge the violent
presumption that the authorities of the States of
this Union would select such persons to represent
them here, I think it is high time that the Senator
from Illinois, as chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, should introduce such a bill and have it
enacted into a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of my
friend, I will inform him that it has been settled
in England, it has been settled in almost every
deliberative body I have ever read of, that that
body may expel one of its members for a crime
committed ten years agQ. The proposition which
Senators are now discussing, is not a proposition
that is correct. It has been settled in England,
in the House of Commons and House of Peers,
it has been settled in almost every deliberative
body, that that body may expel a member for an
offense committed years before his election. There
are many precedents of the kind which 1 can show.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President .
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. McDOUGALL
rose.
Mr. CARLILE. I must object to these inter-
ruptions. 1 do not intend to detain the Senate
but a moment or two, and while I am disposed'to
indulge all courtesy to every Senator, I claim at
least the benefit of a few moments that I intend
to occupy for myself.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
put to the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cow-
an,] a question as to our power to expel the Sen-
ator from Oregon after his admission, for anything
done before his appointment. I say the "Senator
from Oregon," for I maintain that he is a Senator
to all intents and purposes, just as much as he
will be after his qualification. It is merely made
necessary by the Constitution to enable him to
enter upon the discharge of the duties of his office
as a Senator, that he shall take an oath to support
the Constitution, and that is the constitutional
test to determine his loyalty. Suppose, says the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] he
shall be proven to be a traitor? Then, sir, he
will not sit in the Senate long, and he will be
tried, I trust, and hung under the law as a traitor,
so that there can be no danger to the institutions
of this country from the case put by the Senator.
But, sir, look at the monstrous proposition that
is contended for here. There are thirty-four States
in this Union, sixty-eight Senators'; thirty-five is
a quorum; eighteen is a majority of a quorum;
and you put it, by the establishment of this prece-
dent, in the power of eighteen Senators to exclude
thirty-three from seats upon this floor. Well
might the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
remark, that there is not a State of this Union
to-day that would incorporate the provision con-
tended for by Senators on the other side of this
question into any constitution that they would
adopt for their government. One third of this body
goes out every two years. Eighteen Senators re-
maining can forever perpetuate their power, and
exclude the third who have a right to come in,
under the monstrous doctrine contended for here,
in this the year 1862, after this body has been in
operation near three quarters of a century.
What is loyalty, has been well asked. What
is disloyalty as gentlemen contend for it here ? Is
i£ difference of opinion as to the best means to be
employed to put down this rebellion? Is it as to
the propriety of using force? Is the loyalty of
Horace Greeleyquestioned,and was he not among
the first of those who control and mold and
fashion public opinion in this country to advo-
cate the allowing the seceded States to go, and the
recognizing their separate existence? While 1 do
not desire to impeach the motives of any one,
while I have no right to impute improper motives
to any one, yet judging from gentlemen's actions,
if you allow me to )udge what is loyalty, I would
assert this power, if 1 believed it to be necessary
tn other instances than the one now before the
Senate. Judging from the haste with which gen-
tlemen press bills that are calculated to destroy
forever the Constitution of the land, to tear down5
the work of Washington and his revolutionary
compatriots, to blot it out of the memory of man,
if I were to be permitted to say who gave the
greatest aid and comfort to Jeff Davis and his re-
bellious gang, whether it were the man in his
j army with arms in his hands, or the Senator in
his place who advocated such propositions, I
would say the Senator gave him much the greatest
aid and comfort.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. The telegraph announces
that Governor Harris, of Tennessee, proposes to
call the Legislature of that State together for the
purpose of permitting them to repeal their ordi-
nance of secession. Suppose Governor Harris
should send General Pillow here to to fill the place
of Senator Nicholson, who has been expelled,
would the Senator from Virginia vote to admit
him ?
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] answered that question well the
other day.
Mr. WILKINSON. I asked it of the Senator
from Virginia.•-
Mr. CARLILE. If General Pillow should be
sent here, we will try and hang him as a traitor;
he will not be allowed time to present his creden-
tials to this body; he will be visited, before he
reachcs this capital, I trust, by the marshal of the
United States, as the Senator from Wisconsin re-
marked.
Mr. WILKINSON. That does not answer
my question. 1 should like to have the Senator
from Virginia answer whether he would allow
him to take a seat.
Mr. CARLILE. I say, sir, that I cannot con-
ceive such a proposition will ever be presented
to the Senate for its consideration. Gentlemen,
I maintain, cannot,by any justargument, submit
propositions here that violate all our ideas, not
only of'honesty, but of common sense.
Mr. WILKINSON. That does not answer
my question. I should like to have the Senator
say 
Mr. CARLILE. If that does not answer the
question of the Senator, I confess that I am not
capable of answering it. If the Senator will sit
down and at his leisure put questions and suppose
cases which never can arise, he must answer them
for himself.
3VIr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir; I do not intend to
be interrupted any further; with no disrespect
whatever to the Senator, however. What is loy-
alty? I would inform the Senator from Massa-*
chusetts, for whom I entertain all kindness per-
sonally, but from whom I differ toto ccelo, that I
have now before me a Republican paper, as I am
told it is—a paper published in the State of New
Jersey, and I have fourteen others, makingfifteen
altogether—the Senator has referred to thirteen
affidavits; I have fifteen papers—Republican pa-
pers—edited in northern States, charging, and if I
were a sworn jui or I might say proving, disloyalty
in the Senator, not only by the utterance of senti-
ments, but by acts; and one of the acts cited is in
relation to the proposition which he gravely sub-
mitted in his place for the consideration of the
Senate the other day, to blot out of existence
eleven of the States of this Union. Sir, I shall
take occasion, if ever that proposition comes be-
fore the Senate to be discussed, to speak of it at
length; I shall not detain the Senate in regard to
it now.
But, sir, the test of loyalty prescribed by the
Constitution—the test of fidelity—is the oath to
support the Constitution, which the instrument re-
quires shall be taken by a Senator before he enters
upon the discharge of the duties of his office. The
Constitution having fixed the test of loyalty, the
Constitution having made that the standard, I
maintain that the Senate has no power to go be-
yond it or without it. Since the Senator from
Massachusetts the other day asserted that loyalty
was one of the constitutional qualifications, 1 have
carefully read the Constitution, and I failed to find
it anywhere m that instrument; but I do find that
to which the Senator referred, the requirement to
take this oath to support the Constitution, which
the founders of the Government believed in their
wisdom was the test of loyalty, the test of fidelity;
and which, when taken, precluded this body from
any further, inquiry or investigation as to that
point. If that oath is violated by an act inconsist-
ent with it thereafter; if that oath is violated by
that which is disloyal, that which is treason, that
which goes to infidelity, then it is in the power of
the Senate, under the other provision of the Con-
stitution, to exclude him from his seat on this
floor by expulsion.
The SenatorfromPennsylvama[Mr. Wilmot]
says that loyalty is unfaithfulness to the Consti-
tution. Who is to judge of what is unfaithful to
the Constitution, and who are unfaithful ? It is a
question that is strongly connected with ourpaity
associations and our party education. It may be
that the Senator's piuty would consider pnnci-
