1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. OLIN. I have no doubt of it; and it is a
good committee, too, I presume.
Mr. WOOD. The bill has been drawn at the
suggestion of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. OLIN. Whatdoes he knew about it more
than the members of the House?
Mr. WOOD. I suppose the Commissioner of
Pensions has more expeiience in these matters
than most of the members of the House, and for
myself I am generally willing to be controlled in
these matters by those whose experience enables
them better to judge of what is required.
Mr. ELY. I suggest to the gentleman that the
bill be postponed until Tuesday next, and made a
special order.
Mr. OLIN. That is the motion I intended to
make. Will not that be satisfactory to the gen-
tleman from Maine?
Mr. GOODWIN. I will not object, if it can be
made a special order. There is a pressing neces-
sity for immediate action upon the bill.
There being no objection, the bill was post-
poned until Tuesday next, and made a special
order.
ROBERT T. WINSLOW.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the consentof the House
to allow my colleague [Mr. Richardson] to pre-
sent the bill (H. R. No. 379) for the relief of Rob-
ert F. Winslow. This is a very meritorious case.
This is private bill day, and as I understand the
Committee of Elections intend to occupy a por-
tion of the day, I hope it will be taken up and
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. X object to the consideration
of any private bill.
TAXATION.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave to
E resent two remonstrances, numerously signed
v the most important business houses in the city
of Boston, members of the Board of Trade and
oihers, against adopting the system of taxation
recommended by the governments of the Boards
of Trade in Boston and New York, which these
intelligent and respectable remonstrants say will
be destructive to the interests of a large portion
of the mercantile community, and liable to dimin-
ish sensibly the revenue contemplated to be raised
by taxation.
Tiie SPEAKER. The gentleman must present
his memorials under the rule at the Clerk's desk.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order until Monday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know how the
gentleman gets the tloor to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania having made his motion, which is not
debatable, could not hold the floor, and the gen-
tleman from Illinois had the right therefore to be
recognized to make any motion which is in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This is private bill day and
we have not had a single day this session, so far,
in the consideration of private bills. I hope we
shall go into committee to-day and take up the
Private Calendar.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, so as to post-
pone the Pacific railroad bill until the third Mon-
day in December next. I do not think the House
is tn any temper to pass that bill now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not object to the
postponement of the special order until Monday
if there is a general desire to take up the Private
Calendar.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is all I desire.
CALIFORNIA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I desire, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give way for that purpose, to
call up the case of F. F. Lowe, claiming a seatas
a member of the House from California.
. Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on that. Let us have one private bill day.
Mi. DAWES. I do not desire to press upon
the House the consideration of this case a ainst
the wish of members. The party m th<5 case is
very anxious that it shall be taken up and dis-
posed of to-day, and I desire to take it up'to-day,
unless the House will feel that it is crowding upon
good nature.
Mr. OLIN. Let me appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to waive that question for the
day, as we have not had the Private Calendar
under consideration any day during the present
session, and that he will call up his case on any
other day as early as he may desire.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose I have called it up,
and it is now within the control of the majority of
the House. If the House prefers to go to the
Private Calendar, I certainly shall not object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If it be in order, then I will
move to postpone this election case, with a view
of going into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is in
order to move to go into committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will then move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire, if it is
in order, to move to recommit this Pacific railroad
bill back to the special committee on that subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how that can be done. The bill is not before the
House. Whenever it is before the House it will
be in order to move to recommit it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know
myself that the motion is in order. I inquired
for information.
REBEL BARBARITIES.
Mr. CLARK. *1 rise to a privileged question.
I desire to submit a report from the Committee on
Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing
have the right to report at any time when there is
no business before the House. The Chair does
not think, however, the gentleman can submit
his report at this time except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the consent of the House
to report the following resolution:
licsolrcd, That there he printed Tor the use of the mem-
bers of the; House filty thousand copies of the report of the
joint committee o'n the conduct ot the war, submitted to the
Somite on the 30th of April lest, in response to the resolu-
tion ot the Henate directing the committee to collect evi-
dence in regard to the barbarous tieatment of the rebels at
xMaiiassas of ttierem.uns of officers and soldiers of the Uni-
ted .States killed in battle there.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I object.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask now for a vote upon
my motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
House, and proceeded to the consideration of the
Private Calendar.
This being objection day, the bills on the Pri-
vate Calendar were taken up in their order and
read; and those to which no objection was made
were, without debate, laid aside to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that they do
pass.
JOHN SKIRVING.
A bill (C. C. No. 18) for the relief of John
Skirving.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to John Skirving $l,I42in full for his services
m making designs, drawings, working drawings,
and measurements, in and about the public build-
ings in the city of Washington, and other ex-
penses attending the same, under the direction of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, from 1842
to 1852, inclusive.
Mr. FENTON. I hope that there will be no
objection to passing over for the present these re-
ports from the Court of Claims, in order that we
may proceed with the consideration ofthe reports
of the committees of the House. I presume that
very few of the members have prepared them-
selves by reading the decisions of the Court of
Claims, whereas they have looked at many of the
cases reported from committees of this House. I
move that the committee informally pass over the
reports from the Court of Claims.
Mr. BIDDLE. I will not object if the pending
bill be excepted from the gentleman's motion. It
provides for the payment of a small amount. It
has passed the Senate, the Court of Claims, and
the Committee of Claims of this House, and its
merits are known to many of my colleagues.
There can be no just objection to the bill, and I
hope it will be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. FENTON. I am willing to except that
case from the operation of my motion.
Mr. BIDDLE. Then let the bill for the relief
of John Skirving be passed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is there a report in
that case ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is, but it is very
voluminous.
Mr. BIDDLEJ. The case is a just one.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. FENTON. I now move that the Court of
Claims reports be informally passed over.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
george w. samson.
A bill (H. R, No. 162) for the relief of George
W. Samson. [Objected to by Mr. Cox.]
john Mclaughlin.
A hill (H. R. No. 163) for the benefit of the
heirs and legal representatives of John McLaugh-
lin.
The bill provides that so much of what is known
as the Oregon City claim, in the State of Oregon,
as was not confirmed to private claimants under
John McLaughlin by the eleventh section of an
act to create the office of surveyor general of pub-
lic lands in Oregon, and to provide for their sur-
vey, approved September 27, 1850, be confirmed
to the legal representatives of John McLaughlin
according to the provisions of his will, and that
so much of the eleventh section as conflicts with
this act be repealed; provided this act shall not be
so construed as to divest any legal title acquired
by the State of Oregon by virtue of any valid ac-
ceptance or application ofthe lands setapartin the
eleventh section for the endowment of a univer-
sity; and further, that the legal representatives of
John McLaughlin shall be entitled to a patent,
and the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is directed to issue the same to them, for the land
confirmed, in conformity to the provisions of this
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is there any report
in this case?
Mr. NOELL. There is not. This bill only
grants to the heirs and legal representatives of John
McLaughlin the same rights which were granted
to other settlers.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Are there any rival
claimants ?
Mr. NOELL. There are none, and if there are
they are provided for in the bill.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ISRAEL FRISBIE.
A bill (H. R. No. 166) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Israel Frisbie, a revolutionary
soldier. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
JOSEPH B. EATON.
A bill (H. R. No. 194) for the relief of Joseph
B. Eaton.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
ofthe Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Joseph
B. Eaton, assignee of Moses Carson, the sum of
ยง653, for twenty-five horses and saddles and three
boxes of percussion caps, furnished by Moses
Carson to Colonel Fremont's battalion of mounted
volunteers on the 30th and 31st of October, 1846.
It appears from the report of the committee that
Mr. Eaton claims payment for twenty-five horses,
one saddle, and a small lot of percussion caps,
purchased of Moses Carson by Lieutenant J. W.
Revere, of the United States Navy, for the use of
the mounted volunteerscommanded by Lieutenant
Colonel John C. Fremont, in California, during
the war with Mcxico, in October, 1846, for which
Lieutenant Revere gave his due bill, amounting
to $653, to Carson, and which was transferred to
the petitioner by Carson in the regular course of
mercantile transactions in California.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ROIiERT BRENT.
A bill (H. R. No. 195) for the leciprocal ex-
tinguishment of certain claims between the Uni-
