1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f
pies and notions such as were entertained by the 'j
arty to which , for the gieater portion of my life, n
was attached, when parties were in existence,
unfaithful to the Constitution, while, if 1 were to
be allowed to express an opinion and had a right
to do so, I should be bound to say that I have dis-
covered in the action of that Senator, in days
gone by, what, in my judgment, was unfaithful-
ness" to the Constitution, but which he, no doubt
equally honest with myself, believed to be con-
formable to'the Constitution.
But, sir, never, never can I consent with my
vote and by my action to declare that the States
of this Union shall hold subordinate to the pleas-
ure of the Senate their right to representation upon
this floor. No such provision, no such clause was
ever put into the Constitution, and 1 venture to
say that none such would ever have been put in
any constitution adopted by the wise, great, good,
and patriotic men who formed our present Con-
stitution. He would best serve his country now
in this the hour of her trial, in a legislative capa-
city, by doing (at the risk of all that is dear, at
the risk of life itself, sacrificing even that if it is
necessaiy,) that which is best calculated to pre-
serve intact the Constitution of the country, the
rights of the States, and the liberties of the people
under it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The importance of the pre-
cedent we are about to establish will probably ex-
cuse me for detaining the Senate a few minutes in
expressing my conclusions, and some of the rea-
sons which have led me to them. The question
IS not, ill my judgment, whether Mr. Stark is a
disloyal citizen; the question is not whether he
has committed a crime; but the question presented
to us-is, shall he, upon presenting his credentials
in due form as a Senator from Oregon, be sworn
in, or can any Senator, upon producing affidavits
and testimony tending to prove his disloyalty,
exclude him from being sworn ? That, it seems
to me, is the only question. The Constitution of
the United States pi ovules that every person hold-
ing a civil office shall be sworn. Every member
of'the Senate and House of Representatives must
be sworn to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. The Constitution does not say when,
where, or by whom this ont.li shall be adminis-
tered. So far as the Constitution is concerned,
Mr. Stark might be sworn in Oregon before a ju-
dicial officer; lie might be sworn atany time after
his election or appointment. As to most civil and
military officers, this is usually done by any ma-
gistrate' having power to administer an oath. But
the law of 1789 explains somewhat the provision
of the Constitution. It declares that—
" The President of the Senate, for the time bein?, shall
adimm'-tcr the said oath or Affirmation to each Senator,
who shall hereaftei be elected, pievious to Ills taking lus
seat."
This, then, prescribes the person who shall ad-
minister theoath, " the President of the Senate;"
the time when, "after he is elected, and before
he has taken his seat.*' There is nothing in the
law, there is nothingm the Constitution to require
a Senator to be sworn in open Senate. He may
go into your chamber, sir, and you may admin-
ister the oath to him, and you may furnish the evi-
dence of that to the Secretary. The administering
of the oath is not a formal ceremony. The day
is not fixed; the place is not fixed. The person is
fixed by statute, and not by the Constitution.
Now, the question arises, when a Senator duly
elected, with all the qualifications prescribed by
the Constitution, comes before you, and asks you
to administer the oath, which by law you ^are
compelled to administer, can aSenutor of the Uni-
ted States, upon producing certain ex parte affida-
vits, prevent that person iiom being sworn and
taking his seat r And can a majority of the Sen-
ators prevent you from complying with your legal
duty to admrnistor iho oath ? If so, a majority of
the Senators who are present at any time can pre-
vent any newly-elected member from taking his
seat. Now, let us look at the argument of incon-
venience, and I wish the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts especially to this.
We have here now but little nioie thana quorum
ofSenators. Attheexpnation of this Congress we
shall have less than a quorum, less than the num-
ber win eh the Constitution declares shall perlorm
any business; you will have then less than thirty-
fiv< members on this floor after this Congress ex-
pires if the seceding States are not in the mean
time represented. May a bare majority of that
body of Senators, only thii ty,for only thirty will
survive this Congress, decide whether or notthey^
shall have any future associates in this body?
May they exclude forever all the States that are
not represented at that time ? Suppose at the end
of this Congress, or the beginning of the next, a
Senator presents his credentials in due form; the
Senate would then be composed of but thirty Sen-
ators holding over, less than a quorum: shall a
majority of that number, less than a quorum, ex-
clude all the newly-elected Senators, on the sug-
gestion of any one, supported by ex parte affidavits,
that that person is disloyal, unfriendly, dangerous
to the Government?
Take the case of the House of Representatives,
because the same constitutional provision applies
to the House of Representatives as to the Senate,
the Constitution declaring in each case that before
a member takes his seat he shall swear to support
the Constitution. Suppose objection is made to
the loyalty of a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, when he is about to present himself
for the oath, who shall try it? It is customary ill
the House of Representatives for the Representa-
tives from Maine first to step up to the Speaker's
desk and take the oath. Suppose some one should
object that a member from Maine was disloyal,
that he had said so and so, who would try the
question of his loyalty ? It seems to me that the
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts, if
he will only look to the practical, logical effect of
it, would exclude any man that any Senator might
choose to affirm was not loyal, and he might sup-
port that affirmation by ex parte testimony. I ask
him if that would not be the practical effect of it
in the House of'Representatives?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator puts a question.
I answer him frankly by reading three lines of the
Constitution of the United States, which I submit
are a complete answer to everything he has said.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will hear them, but no
doubt they are familiar.
Mr. SUMNER. Each House shall bo the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members."
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. " Each House." What is
" each House ?" It is a majority of each House.
What are they authorized to do under the Con-
stitution? To sit in judgment on the election of
each member; to sit m judgment on the return of
each member; to sit in judgment on the qualifica-
tions of each member. The Senate will bear in
mind that under the Constitution that power is
give/i to a majority of the House. The argument
of the Senator is that great inconvenience will come
if the Senate undertake to sit in judgment on the
loyalty of a claimant for a scan ami why ? Be-
cause, says he, that loyalty will be passed upon
by a majority. But does not the Constitution of
the United States provide that all these impoitant
matters are to be passed upon by a majority ? Is
the will of the Senator from Ohio wiser than the
Constitution? Will the Senator from Ohio say
that ereat inconvenience is to come m the Senate
and House of Representatives simply from parry-
ing out the Constitution of the United States?
Further, I have argued from the beginning, and
I still insist that among the qualifications under
the Constitution of the United States is loyalty,
and I insist that it is first and foremost among the
qualifications, simply because the Constitution of
the United States requires that every person be-
fore he can be an officer under it shall take the
oath to support it. Therefore, that qualification,
the qualification of loyalty, I say, is placed by the
Constitution, expressly and solemnly, under the
safeguard of an oath, and each body is to watch
and see that that qualification is completely main-
tained. , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has repeated
again what he said before, at least two or three
times, yet he has not answered my question, and
I do not intend to allow him to evade it. IVheii'
shall the House of Representatives judge of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of its mem-
bers? When shall the Senate judge? Shall the
House do it when they are in a confused, disor-
ganized mass ? If so, who shall vote on the ques-
tion of the qualifications, elections, and returns.
There is the point. I say Aat the Constitution
contemplates that the Senatois and members, after
having been elected, shall be sworn in upon the
faith of the papers presented, showing aprima facie
case. They must be sworn in, and after theyare
sworn in the organization is complete, and then
each House may judge of the elections, qualifica-
tions, and returns of its members; a majority of
each House may then pass upon each case. But
if the doctrine of the Senator from Massachtfsetts
prevails, then thirty members, at the expiration
of this Congress, may judge whether there shall
ever be any other Senators ofnhe United States;
and the House of Representatives might be en-
tirely disorganized. Sir, there is no p"r&ctical*9iray
but to ave due credit to the credentials pf a mem-
ber, ana then when his right to a seat is disputed,
to try that dispute in the proper mode. I dislike
disloyalty. The evidence here has made a serious
impression on my mind against Mr. Stark,prob-
ably as serious as on the mind of any one in the
Senate; but I am not willing to adopt a principle
which will disorganize Congress and give to a
small minority a dangerous power, which might
almost overthrow the Government itself.
Undoubtedly the Senate can protectitself against
persons who would subvert the Government they
swear to support; but I respectfully submit if this
cannot be done directly, without seeking to do it
under cover of the right to judge of the election,
returns, and qualifications of your members. You
admit that Mr. Stark was duly elected, or ap-
pointed; that the returns or credentials of his
appointment are in due form, and that he has the
qualifications prescribed by the Constitution. The
Constitution having proscribed the requisite qual-
ifications, you cannot add to them. It has fre-
quently been decided that a State cannot, even in
her constitution, add to them. Now, then, is there
no other way to deal with a disloyal person ex-
cept to add to the prescribed constitutional quali-
fications of a Senator the vague, uncertain, untie-"
fined one of loyalty? It seems to me that the
Constitution points out a plain, simple way—we
can expel a member. When such a motion is
made, the evidence of his disloyalty becomes ma-
terial. I feel bound to say, that upon the face of
the papers, as they now stand, unexplained and
uncontradicted, I would pronounce Mr. Stark dis-
loyal. I cannot read the testimony of these ex
parte witnesses, giving their statements full credit,
without the deepest conviction that he is disloyal.
But, sir, we are bound to give him a trial—a fair
trial. We cannot condemn him on ex parte testi-
mony, especially in the face of his solemn denial.
We must give him an opportunity to cross-exam-
ine these witnesses, to show the mitigating cir-
cumstances—to explain or extenuate. To refuse
this would be to deny him a privilege secured to
the meanest criminal. Can we, in the mean time,
give such effect to the accusation as to exclude
him from his seat? Can we deny to Oregon the
right of representation while her duly appointed
Senator is pursuing bis defense? Shall we ad-
judge him and punish him as disloyal, and ex-
clude him until he has a chance to prove his inno-
•cence' This we know he cannot do without
sending to Oregon. If the Senate pursue this
course, his term will expire before he can have a
fair hearing; so thata simple allegation of disloy-
alty, founded upon ex parte testimony, disputed
by him, will have the effect not only to deprive
him of his high office, but also to deprive Oregon
of her constitutional representation here. Surely
the Senate will not commit this act of injustice,
when the power of expulsion is ample, plain, and
always within your acknowledged power.
Let him take his seat; let him take the oath, ad-
ministered either here or in your ante-chamber,
wherever you please, Mr. President, because the
law does not even prescribe the place where the
oath shall be administered. Then allow him the
usual facilities for his defense, and if he fails in
making it, expel him. The Senator from Min-
nesota put a question to the Senator from Vir-
ginia with great confidence, as if it was conclusive,
suppose Pillow should be appointed by Governor
Harris, and come here as aSenator: what will you
do with him? I will tell the Senator. As soon as
he is appointed, and by his appointment becomes
a member, I would expel him, even before he
could come here and take the oath which the law
requires him to take.
Mr. WILKINSON. I would ask the Senator
whether we could expel a person from the Senate
who was not a member of the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. When a person having the ,
