1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
ted States and the representatives of Robert Brent,
deceased.
The bill directs the Solicitor of the Treasury to
discontinue and to cause to be entered satined all
suits and proceedings upon the claim of the Uni-
ted States against the representatives of Robert
Brent, late Paymaster General of the United States
Army, and against the representatives of Robert
Y. Brent, his executor; such discontinuance and
acknowledgment of satisfaction to be in full of all
claims on the part of Robert Brent, or his rep-
resentatives in his right, against the United States.
It appears from the report of the committee
that in the settlement of the accounts of the late
Robert Brent, as paymaster and Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army, from 1808 to 182!), of great dis-
bursements amounting to $40,386,907 55, a bal-
ance of$20,004 94 principal, with interest thereon,
• is claimed as due from his estate to the United
States, for which proceedings were instituted in the
courts of the United States, many years ago,and
are still undetermined. And the memorialists pray
that these proceedings may be discontinued in
consideration of the just and equitable claims,
which they pray Congress to allow as set-off, of
the estate against the United States. That, be-
tween the years 1808and 1816, the office of Robert
Brent was changed in to that of Pay master General,
and a large addition made to the Army, by reason
of the war with Great Britain, whereby greatly
increased duties and responsibilities were imposed
upon him without any corresponding increase of
compensation, not only i.n the payment of the reg-
ular Army, but in the disbursements of great sums
in -the payment of the militia and volunteers. In
addition to which was imposed on him the paying
the half-pay pensioners, from all of which his suc-
cessors, though receiving much larger compensa-
tion, have been exempted.
Mr. OLIN. The report in this case was unan-
imously made from the Committee on Military
Affairs. The bill does not involve the payment
of a dollar. It only puts an end to a lawsuit which
has been pending between the heirs of Robert
Brent and the United States for upwards of forty
years, and has embarrassed a piece of property
which would have been owned by a couple of
young girls, one of whom has recently deceased.
I hope this bill will be laid aside to be repotted to
the House, so that this lawsuit may be disposed of.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
FREDERICK T. BROSE.
A bill (H. R.No. 218) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased.
The bill directs the Treasurer to pay out of the
Treasury to the legal representatives of Fiedeiick
F. Brose, an amount of money equal to the reg-
ular pay of a lieutenant in the Navy from the 13th
of October, 1853, to the 22d of April, 1854, after
deducting therefrom the amount paid to him as
midshipman during that period.
It appears from the report of the committee that
Passed Midshipman Frederick F. Brose, while
on board the United States frigate Savannah, by
order of Commander Samuel Mercer, performed
the duties of lieutenant, there being no lieutenant
on board the vessel; that he performed the duties
from the 13th ofOctober, 1853, to the 22d of April,
1854; and the commander certifies that he per-
formed the duties to his entire satisfaction.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ARCHIBALD C. CRARY.
A bill (H. R. No. 229) for the relief of Archi-
bald C. Crary, heir-at-law of Colonel Archibald
Crary,and pay for services of Colonel Crary, de-
ceased. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
FREDERICK VIXCEXT.
A bill (H. R. No. 239) for the relief of Fred-
erick "Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze,
surviving partner of Le Caze&Mailet. [Objected
to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
MAJOR JOHN RIPLEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 264) for the relief of the
heirs of Majoi* John Ripley. [Objected to by Mr.
Cox.]
BRIGADIER GENERAL JOSEPH G. TOTTEN.
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Brigadier
General Joseph G. Totten,
The bill directs that there be paid to Brigadier
General Joseph G. Totten, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $200, in
full for so much advanced by Totten for the ben-
efit of the United States in the purchase of certain
land of William Aspinwall, for fortifications on
Staten Island, in tlic harbor of New York.
It appears from the report of the committee
that a conditional verbal agreement was made by
the proper authorities of the United States in 1854
with William Aspinwall for the purchase of addi-
tional laml for fortifications on Staten Island, at
the Narrows of New York harbor, for $42,300;
that while the agreement was waiting the sanction
of Congress, Mr. Aspinwall, as he was leaving
the country for Europe, executed a deed to the
United States for the same, which deed he left
with his agent to be delivered whenever the pur-
chase money should be paid by the United States.
From inadvertence or inaccurate memory, the
price to be paid was therein stated to be §42,500,
instead of §42,300. While Mr. Aspinwall was
absent from the country in 1857, a special appro-
priation of §42,300 was made for the purchase of
the property in question. General Totten was,at
the time the appropriation was made, at the head
of the engineer department. Lieutenant Gillmore
was the officer in charge of the disbursements for
the particular branch of service for which the
money was appropriated. The sum appropriated
being §200 short of the consideration named in
the deed, the property could not he secured with-
out the advance, from some other source than the
appropriation, of that sum. General Totten had
been urgently pressing the purchase of the prop-
erty in question for years, and deeming the ac-
quisition of it as of vast importance to the United
States, and that no further time ought to be lost,
he diiected Lieutenant Gillmore to pay the addi-
tional §200 out of the fund in his hands appropii-
ated for " contingencies of fortifications." Upon
the settlement of Lieutenant Gillmore's accounts,
the accounting officer at first refused to allow this
item, there being no law authorizing the expend-
iture. Upon evidence, however, that the §200
was paid by order ofthe commanding officer, they
modified their decision so as to correspond with
Army Regulations, (paragraph nine hundred,)
which provides that the subordinate, under such
circumstances, shall have credit, and the sum so
credited " shall be charged to the officer who or-
dered" the expenditure, and allowed the credit to
Lieutenant Gillmore, and debited it to the account
of General Totten, who thereupon paid the same
into the Treasury.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
THOMAS FORSTER.
A bill (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of Thomas
Forster.
The bill directs that there be paid to Thomas
Forster, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, §2,250, for services in
taking care ofthe public property at Dunkirk har-
bor, m New York, for three years and one
month, namely, from December 1, 1856, to De-
cember 31, 1859, both days inclusive, at two dol-
lars per day.
It appears from the report that the petitioner
performed sei vices as custodian of the public
property belonging to Dunkirk harbor improve-
ment, New York, from December 1, 1856, to De-
cember 31, 1859, both inclusive, beingcleven hun-
dred and twenty-six days. For this service Mr.
Forster charges two dollars per day, and Lieu-
tenant Colonel Graham certifies " that the rate of
compensation charged, and the time to which Mr.
Forster was last paid, namely, until December 1,
1856, are in accordance with Colonel William
Turnbull's official report, dated Oswego, Decem-
ber 16, 1856," at which time Colonel Turnbull
was relieved by Colonel Graham.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ISRAEL FRISBIE AGAIN.
Mr. DUELL. My colleague withdraws his
ob|ection to House bill No. 166, for the relief of
the surviving children of Israel Frisbie, a revo-
lutionary soldier, and I ask that tt be again taken
up.
There was no objection.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the surviving children of Israel Frisbie,
late a soldier in General Wooster's regiment, the
pension due his widow, Esther Frisbie, deceased,
for the term of five years, under the act of June
7, 1838, amounting to §480.
It appears from papers presented that Israel
Frisbie enlisted in the spring of 1775 as a private
in a company commanded • by Captain Phineas
Porter, belonging to General Wooster's regiment,
at Waterbury, Connecticut, and served for eight
months, and until he was honorably discharged;
that in the spring of 1776 he again enlisted as a
private in a company commanded by Captain
John Lewis, belonging to Colonel Douglass's regi-
ment, at Waterbury, and served for eight months,
and until he was honorably discharged in Decem-
ber, 1776. It also appears that he served at dif-
ferent periods during the war of the Revolution
after December, 1776, but the length of time is
not proved. It is also shown that lie married
EstherFrisbie—then Esther Tyler—in February,
1793, and that they had several children, and that
they lived together until the 8th of February, 1825,
when Israel Frisbie died at Spafford, Onondaga
county, New York; that Esther Frisbie remained
his widow up to the time of her death, which
occurred June 16, 1842.
Mr. DUELL. My friendfromOhio, [Mr.TwM-
ble] says he is disposed to object to allthese old
claims. This is not an old claim. It is a claim
for a pension due to a widow of a revolutionary
soldier under the act of 1838, and it is not a claim
which has been here upon the Calendar year after
year. This is the first time it has been presented
to this body for adjudication. I therefore ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his objection.
It is a claim for only §480.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Upon the assurance of the
gentleman that this is the first time this bill has
been presented, I will withdraw the objection.
No further objection being made, the bill was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
MAJOR JOHN RIPLEY—AGAIN.
Mr. LOOMIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Committee to go back and take up bill No.
264, for the relief of the heirs of Major John Rip-
ley. I understand the gentleman from Ohio is
ready to withdraw his objection.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection, if the
report shall be read.
The report was read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING objected.
B. Y. SHELLEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley
for his claim and improvements taken from him
by the Omaha reservation mthe Territory of Ne-
braska.
The bill, which was read, appropriates out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Benneville Y. Shelley, §1,315, in full
for all claims against the Government of the Uni-
ted States for his "claim" and improvements
thereon, which were taken from him by the Uni-
ted States for the Omaha reservation, in Nebraska
Territory, in 1855.
The report was read; and no objection being
made, the bill was laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it be
RESERVATION OF THE WINNEBAGOES.
A bill (H. R. No. 275) for the relief of pre-
emptors on the home reservation of the Winne-
bagocs in the Blue Earth region, in the State of
Minnesota.
The bill was read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would inquire of
the chairman ofthe Committee on Indian Affairs
what number of settlers are referred to in the first
section of the bill ?
Mr. ALDRICH. Some forty or fifty. I hope
there will be no objection to the passage of this
bill. It does not propose to appropriate a single
cent. It merely proposes to investigate the claims
of these parties.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Let the report be
read.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I object to the
bill. I do it with extreme reluctance. I have
examined section two of the bill since the gentle-
man from Minnesota stated that the bill made no
