1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
appropriation, and I must say that I cannot con-
strue the bill as lie does. Therefore I object.
Mr. ALDRICH. I regret extremely that the
bull dog of the Treasury should object to having
these claims inquired into.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the bill myself.
ELIZABETH ODELL AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 276) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Odell, Mary Woodbury, and others, half-
breed women of the SiouJ? tribe of Indians.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the consideration
of any private bill.
Mr. DELANO. I understand there is a per-
manent objection to all private bills, and it is use-
less to go any further. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had under
consideration the Private Calendar, and had di-
rected him to report sundry bills to the House
with a recommendation that they be passed.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bills.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the following bills were passed:
A bill (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirving;
A bill(H. R. No. 163) forthe benefitof the heirs
and legal representatives of John McLaughlin;
A bill (H. R. No. 16G) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Israel Frisbie, a revolutionary
soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 194) for the relief of Joseph
B. Euton;
A bill (H. R. No. 195) for the reciprocal extin-
guishment of certain claims between the United
States and the representatives of Robert Brent,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 218) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Brosc, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Briga-
dier General Joseph G. Totten;
A bill (II. R. No. 273) for the relief of Thomas
Forster; and
A bill (H. R. No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley for
his claim and improvements taken from him by
the Omaha reservation, in the Territory of Ne-
braska.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the votes by which the several bills were passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
Uie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the first
time in my life, Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask leave
to make a personal explanation.
No objection being made,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, said: A few days
since I offered a resolution, requesting the Presi-
dent to strike from the rolls of the Army any offi-
cer guilty of habitual intoxication. That resolu-
tion embraces no name, but it pointed so directly
to an individual that the public attention was par-
ticularly fixed upon him, and it is but, just to say
properly fixed, as I understood at the time. I
allude to General W. F. Smith. It is proper for
me to say that rumor has charged that his confirm-
ation as brigadier general had been for a long
time suspended in consequencc of charges as to
hishabitsin this respect; although Ididnotknow
personally whether well or ill founded. After the
conflict on the 16th of April, at York town, wherein
the Vermont troops were so conspicuously en-
gaged, those rumors were more particulaily re-
vived, and especially in this city. In the course
of a day or two a gentleman was introduced to me
from New York, by the name of fl. L. Suydam,
who was presenton that occasion upon the battle-
field, standing in the rear of one of the chimneys
of a house which had been burned by the rebels
a few days previously; and while be stood there,
as he informed me orally, General Smith came to
him and he had a conversation with him, and lie
was enabled to make observation as to General
Smith's condition at that time. I do not think it
necessary to repeat all the details which made him
believe, and which made me believe also, that the
general was at that time intoxicated. Butin order
to secure myself with a proper voucher, the next
day I asked this gentleman to put in writing the
mam points of his charge against General Smith.
And I will say here now, Mr. Speaker, that this
gentleman was vouched for to me by the member
from the Geneva district of New York, [Judge
Chameerlin,] now in his seat, as a man of the
most respectable character, and I call upon the
gentleman from New York to say whether that
is not so.
Mr. CHAMBERLIN. Thegentlema'n referred
to, Mr. Suydam, is a resident of Ontario county,
a man of standing and character, and I should
fully rely upon all which he might say upon any
subject. I have recently seen many of Mr. Suy-
dam's neighbors and friends, and they inform me
that he is a man to be relied upon as a man of
character and veracity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now send to
the Clerk's desk the letter from Mr. Suydam, that
it may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, JJpril 23, 1863*
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiry ot' this morning
relative to the conduct of General Smith in the battle of the
16lh instant, near Vorktovvn, I am sorry to have to say that
£ was an eve-witness of the battle, and tliat Geneial Smith
was too much under Hie influence of liquor to command a
devoted band of volunteers, he having fallen from hishoisn
duiing the afternoon, which is well known by the sixth and
til i t d volunteers of Vermont. The fad is, there is no use
trying to Keep it fioiu Ihe men. fur [licy saw it, and Ihe
wounded in the hr><.pital talked to me (lining titi' night, as
I was taking care of them. In fact the remark was made
ttiat lie (Smilii) should be shot.
Hoping that justice may be done to Genpral Smith, the
volunteers, and tile country, I remain, sir,very truly, yours,
H. L. SUYDAM.
Justin S. Morrill, Esq.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
add one single fact in relation to this matter which
was given to me orally by Mr. Suydam, but not
stated in the letter, and that is that General Smith,
at tlmt time was too drunk to sit upon a horse.
Mr. Speaker, now, so far as 1 am concerned, I
do not expect that our officers in the Army are to
be teetotalers, or that they are to be entirely saints.
I will not criticise tlieni for indulging in their
usual habits. I know that, exposed to all the
hardships, excitements, and perils of the camp
and in the field, we ought not to expect that they
will be better than the average of mankind. But
upon the information which I received, and as it
is now before the House, I felt it to be my duty,
as one of the Representatives of Vermont, to
call public attention to the matter. I have done
so, but with no malice against any individual
whatever. And in relation to this gentleman in
particular, knowing these rumors to exist, I ex-
erted myself at the time of the communication said
to have come from General McClellan asking for
the confirmation of General Smith as a brigadier
general, by conferring with some members of the
Senate, to remove any difficulty that might exist
in the way of his confirmation. But vouched for,
as this statement was to me, by a man who was
introduced to me, as I have related, as a gentle-
man of the highest respectability, I felt it to be
my duty to do no less than what I have done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read, a letter from General
Smith received since I came into the House this
morning.
The letter was read, as follows:
Camp near Youktown, Virginia,
Ajnil 30. 1S6-2.
Sir: You have soon fit, m your place m the House of
Representatives, to uttei a foul ^landoi against me. You
have offered to the country no evidence ill support of your
naked a^scition. You have, so far as I can learn, taken
no public steps to collect testimony to substantiate youc
charges; and the indignant denials which have gone iroin
oflieeis of this division to \outself and colleagues have
failed to elicit from you an open and hank apology.
It is now my lui u to speak ; anil hcie face to face with a
biave foe, J turn back to you, an assassin, and tell you you
must prove youi charge against me, 01 make vour retrac-
tion as public as the libel; and I ain certain tliat through-
out the length and breadth of this gieat land every manly
heart will My I have demanded no moie than 1 have a righl
to compel. WILLIAM F. SMITH,
Onnazarnhn", Dimiion w fhe .dnay of the Potomac.
Hon. Justin S. Morrti.l, Member of GWijrejs.
1'. S. I shall endeavor to have this letter published where
evet your slander has been ciKuhued.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, Mr.
Speaker, as it will be seen that this letter is So be
published, and probably is already published in
the papers,waiving all comments iiVon its charac-
ter, I propose to offer the testimony sent to one of
my colleagues yesterday, and which I saw yes-
terday for the first time, of the officers of our
Vorm'iSlt brigade under the command of. General
Smith, who flatly contradict the testimony of Mr.
Suydam, and I do it for the purpose of doing jus-
tice to the case and to myself.
Mr. D1VEN. If the gentleman will allow me,
I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Wait until that
paper is read.
Mr. DIVEN. I should rather make it now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. No doubt other gentle-
men will be heard upon this question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I prefer to con-
clude what I have to say; and I presume the gen-
tleman from New York will not object to testimony
furnished in behalf of General Smith.
Mr. DIVEN. Then I object to having the
paper read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has a right to have it read as a part of lus
remarks.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Camp Winfield Scott, Virginia,
Near Yorktown, Jlpril 26, 1869.
To the Vermont Congressional Delegation:
The undersigned, field officers of the several regiments
composing tlie Veunont brigade commanded by Brigadier
General W. T. H. Brooks, and attached to the division
commanded by Brigadier General W. F. Smith, having
noticed in the proceedings in the House of Representatives,
April 23, that a resolution waspa?sed to this> effect: ''That
the President be requested to stiike from the rolls the name
of any officer who has been known to be habitually iutox-
icated by spirituous liquors while in the service;" and
knowing from the context of such report of pi oceedings that
General YV. F. Smith, commanding this division, is the
officer referred to, beg leave to state tliat the charge of the
drunkenness of General YV. F. Smith upon the occasion
rcfeired to in the said report is entirely and unequivocally
false.
We beg leave further to state that the information upon
which the charge of drunkenness of taid officer is bashed,
in our opinion, was given by some person or person? who
were actuated by a willfully malicious and unwoithy mo-
tive, who, to gratify a personal animosity or a selfish ambi-
tion, have, at the expen.se of tiuth, sought to defame the
ehaiacter and de«,ttoy the good name of one of the bravest
and most vigilant and skillful generals in the service of the
United States.
We beg leave further to state that, in our judgment, the
confirmation of the appointment of William F. Snuth as
btigadier geneial of United States forces would be an act
that is justly his due, and that his services in that capacity
will greatly aid in the suppression of this rebellion.
We would lurther state that this memorial lias been pre-
pared and is forwarded to you without the knowledge or
conscnt of General Smith, and n but a feeble expression
of the confidence which we, as subordinate officers in his
command, entertain towards him, and in whose abilities
and success we personally and in our official capacity have
so much at stake. II. A. SMALLEY,
Colonel Fifth Vermont Volunteers.
H. N. WORTIIEN,
Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Vermont Regiment.
J. H STOUGHTON,
Colonel Fourth Vermont.
THOMAS O. SEAVER,
Major Third Vermont.
CHAS. B. STOLJGHTON,
Major Fourth Vermont Regiment.
N. LORD, Jr.,
Colonel Sixth Regiment Vermont Volunteers.
L. A. GRANT,
Lieutenant Colonel Fifth Vermont Volunteers.
B. N. HYDE,
Colonel Third Vermont Volunteers.
A. P. BLUNT,
Lieutenant Colonel Sixth Vermont Volunteers.
My duties on the afternoon of the light did not bring me
within observation of General Smith; but I am satisfied by
others that he was not intoxicated. As to the preceding
statements regarding the prudence,skill, braveiy, and con-
firmation of General Smith, I concur.
HENRY WHITING,
Colonel Second Vermont Infantry>
GEO. J. STANNAKD,
Lieutenant Colonel Second Vermont Regiment.
C. H. JOYOE,
Major Second Vermont Volunteers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont., Mr. Speaker,
desiring to do full and ample justice to all con-
cerned in this matter, I have felt it to be my duty
to present these papers to the House, as I have
done; and I have nothing further to add.
Mr. BIDDLE. If there is no objection, I would
like to say a word or two.
There was no objection.
Mr. IjIDDLE. As this explanation hasalittlc
the air of a reiteration, so far as that part of it is
concerned which comes entirely from the gentle-
man from Vermont, I would say that a distin-
guished ofKcei, not of the regular Army, butfresh
from civil life, on (he staff of General McClellan,
a day or two after this statement was made in the
House, came licit and told me that he had been
