1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in a position to observe the conduct of General
Smith during the period when something is sup-
posed to have occurred to give rise to this asper-
sion, and that he, from his persona! knowledge,
was able to say that the charge was utterly un-
founded in fact; that the conduct of General
Smith, on thatday, was marked by particular zeal
and intrepidity,and that, in endeavoring to force
his horse through a bog, where it was difficult
standing ground, the horse fell, and an accident
occurred which was misinterpreted by a distant
observer.
When the resolution offered bji the gentleman
from Vermont came before the House, on the feel-
ing of the moment I voted against it. I voted
against it as one of the instances of precipitancy
through which gallant soldiers in the field may
have an irreparable injury done to them which
can by no subsequent explanation be removed.
This charge against General Smith has flown fat1
and wide on the wings of the telegraph—far wider
than this tardy explanation will ever follow it.
Though the name of General Smith was not put
in that resolution, it was mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Vermont, or by somebody who, I
suppose, derived it from him, on the floor of the
House in such a way that, in fact, the motion was
to empower the President to strike the name of
General Smith from tho rolls of the Army. I did
not sec any reason to give the President that right
in the case of General Smith, or in the case of any
other officer. I think it is a very dubious ques-
tion whether the President has the authority in
any case, although it has sometimes been exer-
cised, without objection, in very flagrant cases,
to strike an officer from the rolls without a trial.
He has a right to arrest him; he can strip him of
his command; he can dishonor him; but I do not
see why he should also take away from him the
hope that at some day, however distant, he may
have the chance of a fair trial before some compe-
tent tribunal. I should be sorry to admit that our
soldiers have forfeited the rights which arc guai-
antied to citizens of the United States, in or out
of the Army.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania seems to think
that what I have already said is but a reiteration
of the charge. I think the House has arrived at
-the conclusion that what I intended to do and hove
done is this, and no more: to give the authority
upon which I based the resolution. I have made no
charge, and reiterated no charge. I have merely
given the authority upon which I introduced the
resolution. I have also, in exculpation of Gen-
eral Smith, given the testimony of his entire brig-
ade, or nearly so, of Vermont officers. I think
the gentleman will hardly say that that is a reit-
eration of the charge. It was merely giving the
evidence pro and con. in the case.
Mr. BIDDLE. I am very happy to interpret
it as an entire retraction instead of a reiteration of
the charge.
BATTLE OF PITTSBURG LANDING.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire, with the con-
sent of the House, to say a few words upon a sub-
ject kindred to the one just touched upon.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, I will
only trouble the House for a few moments, but
when justice claims to be heard, it is said that a
nation should be silent. Lamartme, in his cele-
brated History of the Girondins, speaking of one
of those incidents so characteristic of the French
revolution, says:
"The news of the victory of Hotidscliooto filled Pari*
with joy. But even the joy of the people was erucl. The
convention reproached as a uea^on the victory of a victo-
rious general. Its commissioners to the army of the Noith,
Hentz, Pevssard, and Duquesnoy, deposed Houcliaid, and
sent him to the [evolutionary tribunal." * " *
The unfortunate Houcliaid wns condemned to death, and
met Ins fate with the intrepidity of a soldier and the calm-
nessofanmnocentman." "* * * "ltwas
shown that even vlctoi v was no protection against th^ srat-
fold."
It may be inquired, whether in this rebellion
-history is not repeating itself. I come before the
House to do a greatact of justice to a soldier in the
field, and to vindicate him from the obloquy and
misrepresentations so persistently and cruelly
thrust before the country. 1 refer to a distin-
guished general who has recently fought the blood-
iest and hardest battle ever fought on this conti-
nent,and won one of the most bnJIiantof victories.
I refer to the battle of Pittsburg Lauding, and to
Major General Ulysses S. Grant. A native of
Ohio, he graduated at West Point, July 1, 1843,
with the brevet rank of second lieutenant, and was
appointed second lieutenant, September 30, 1845.
Though but forty years old, he has been oftener
under fire and been in more battles than any man
now living on this continent, excepting that great
chiettam now reposing on his laurels, and on the
affections of his countrymen, Lieutenant General
Scott. He was in every battle in Mexico that it
was possible for any one man to be in. He fol-
lowed the victorious standard of General Taylor
on the Rio Grande, and was in the battles of Palo
Alto, Resaca do la Palma, and Monterey. He was
with General Scott at Vera Cruz, and participated
in every battle from the Gulf to the city of Mex-
ico. He was breveted first lieutenant Septem-
ber 8, 1847, for gallant and meritorious cowduct
at the battle of Molino del Rey, and on the 13th
of the same month he was breveted captain for
gallant and meritoiious conduct at the battle of
Chapultepec. He has received the baptismal of
fire. No young officer came out of the Mexican
war with more distinction than Grant, and the rec-
ords of the War Department bear official testimony
to his gallant and noble deeds. He resigned in
1855, and afterwards settled in Galena, in the dis-
trict I have the honor to represent on this floor.
I will read from reports in the War Department.
In the report of Captain Horace Brooks, second
artillery, of the battle of Chapultepec, he says:
" I succeeded in reaching the fort with a few men. Here
Lieutenant U. S. Grant, and a l<5\v more men of the fourth
infantry, found me; and by a joint movement, after an ob-
stinate resistance, a strong field work was carried, and the
enemy's right was completely turned."
The report of Major Francis Lee, commanding
the fourth infantry, of the battle at Chapultepec,
says:
'•At the first barrierthoenemywas in suoug force, which
lendiued it necessary to advance with caution. Tins was
done, and when the head of the battalion was within short
musket range of the harrier, Lieutenant Grant, fourth in-
fantry, and Captain Brooks, second aiiiliory, with a few
men of their respective icgmient<. by a handsome move-
ment to the left, turned the right flank of the enemy, and
the bamer was carried.1' * * * * "Second Lieu-
tenant Grant lehaval ivith distinguished gallantry on the
13th and 14th " * * * <♦ i cannot refrain fiom
caihns? the attention of tiie major general commanding to
the fact that tiiete lias not been since tho landing of the
regiment at Vera Ciuz a single captain nn duty with it.
When a regiment ha.s behaved ko well, and when its young
officers have uniformly displayed such gallantry, this should
be taken into consideration," &c.
The report of Brevet Colonel John Garland,
commanding first brigade of the battle of Chapul-
tepec, says:
" The leai of the enemy had madf a >tand behind abreast-
woik, fiom which they were driven by detachments of the
second artilleiy, under Captain Brooks, and tho fourth in-
fantry, under Lieutenant Grant, supported by other regi-
ments of the division, after a shoit but sharp conflict.*5
* * * Ck j; reorganized thejcommand as it came up,
mounted a howitzer on the top ofa convent, winch, under
the direction of Lieutenant Grant, quartermaster of the
fourth infantry, and Lieutenant Lendrum, third atttUcry,
annoyed the chemv considerably." * * * *  /
must not omit to call attention to Lieutenant Grant, fourth
infantry, who acquitted himself most nobly upon several occa-
sions under my own observation
In this particular mention of officers for gal-
lantry and good conduct, besides the officer of his
own staff, he names but one other officer besides
Lieutenant Grant out of his whole brigade.
General Worth's report, September 16, 1847,
of the battle of Chapultepec, Mexico:
" I have a "am to make my acknowledgments to Colonels
Garland and Clark." ■* "AndtoLieu-
tenantsLendnim" * * * * and Grant,fourth,
infanry, especially
He was among tho first tu offer his services to
the country at the commencement of hostilities,
saying that as he had been educated by the Gov-
ernment, that Government was entitled to his ser-
vices in its time of peril. Early made a colonel
of one of the Illinois regiments, he went into
actual service in Missouri. His commands there
were important, and he discharged every duly with
great fidelity and advantage to the public service.
With a military head and a military hand, he
everywhere evoked order ftom chaos. Military
discipline, order, and economy tiaveied in his
path. In time he was made a brigadier general,
and intrusted with the important command of the
district of Cairo, and how diligently, how faith-
fully, how satisfactorily lie discharged all his du-
ties is well known to the country, while in that
command, learning of a movement about being
made by the rebels at Columbus to send'out a
large force to cut off Colonel Oglesby, who had
gone into Missouri after that roaming bandit, Jeff
Thompson, by a sudden and masterly stroke he
fell upon Belmont, andaftcra brilliant and decisive
action,in which he and all his troops displayed
great bravery, he broke up the rebel camp with
great loss, and then returned to Cairo. The expe-
dition was broken up, Ogleby's command was
saved, and every thing was accomplished that was
expected.
In time came the operations up the Cumberland
and Tennessee rivers, and I state what I know.
By a singular coincidence, on the 29th day of
January last, without any suggestion from any
source, General Grant and Commodore Foote,
always acting in entire harmony, applied for
permission to move up those rivers, which was
granted. The gunboats and land'forces moved up
to Fort Henry. After that fort was taken, it was
determined to attack Fort Donelson. The gun-
boats were to go round' and up the Cumberland
river, while the army was to move overland from
Fort Henry to Fort Donelson.
The roads were the worst ever known, and
almost any other general or any other troops
would have despaired of moving. But they did
move. If General Grant had been told that it was
impossible to move his army there, he would have
made a leply like to that of the voyal Pompey,
when he was told that his fleet could not sail: t( It
is necessary to sail, not necessary to live." It
was necessary for this western army to march,
but it was not necessary to live. The country
knows the result—Donelson fell. The enemy,-
twenty thousand strong, behind hisintrenchments,
succumbed before the unrelenting bravery and
vigor of our troops, no more than twenty-eight
thousand engaged. We took there, not twelve
thousand, not fifteen thousand, but more than six-
teen thousand prisoners. I have it from General
Halleck that we have actually paid transportation
for more than sixteen thousand prisoners. That,
in most countries, would have been called a most
brilliant military achievement. Napoleon sur-
rounded old Mack at Ulm, and captured twenty
thousand or more prisoners, and that exploit has
filled a great space in history.
While the capture of Donelson filled the coun-
try with joy, there was a cruel disposition to with-
hold from the commanding general the meed of
gratitude and praise so justly his due. Captious
criticisms were indulged 111 that he did not make
the attack properly, and that if he had done differ-
ently the work might have been better accom-
plished. It was not enough that he fought and
gloriously conquered, but he ought to have done
it differently, forsooth. Success could be no test
of merit with him. That was the way the old
generals spoke of the young Napoleon whenhe
was beating them m every battle, and carrying
his eagles in triumph over all Europe. He did
not fight according to the rules of war. But there
was a more grievous suggestion touching the gen-
eral's habits. It is a suggestion that has infused
itself into the public mind everywhere. There
never was a more cruel and atrocious slander upon
a brave and noble-minded man. There is no more
temperate man in the Army than General Grant.
He never indulges in the useofintoxicatingliquors
at all. He is an example of courage, honor, for-
litude, activity, temperance, and modesty, for he
is as modest as he is brave and incorruptible. To
the bravery and fortitude ofLannes, he adds the
stern republican simplicity of Guvion St. Cyr. It
is almost vain to hope that full justice will over be
done to men who have been thus attacked. Truth
is slow upon the heels of falsehood. It has been
well said that " falsehood will.travel from Maine
to Georgia while truth is putting on its boots."
Let not gentlemen have any fears of General
Grant. He is no candidate for the Presidency.
He is no politician. Inspired by the noblest pa-
triotism he only desires to do his whole duty to
his country. When the war shall be over he will
return to his home and sink the soldier in the sim-
ple citizen. Though living in the same town with
myself, he has no political claims on me, for, so
far as he is a politician, he belongs to a different
party. He has no personal claims upon me moie
than any other constituent. But 1 came here to
speak as an Iliinoisian, proud of his noble and
patriotic State; proud of its great history now
