1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
thecommittee of conference did notestimate that,
by the amendments in regard to whisky and to-
bacco, a larger amount would be received from
articles than those under the bill as it passed the
House ? It seems to me that it is so if 1 have got
the figures correct.
Mr. STEVENS. "We supposed that in this
way we would got more than by any proposition
made by either House. That is my judgment;
and I believe it was the judgment* of the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN". I trust the chairman of the
committee will permit me to say that while I was
not able to concur in the opinion entertained by
my colleague on the committee as to the fairness
and policy of the direct tax, yet inasmuch as it
became necessary to comptomise that question
and adjust it on some fail basis, I concurred in
the determination which the members of the con-
ference committee on the part of the House ulti-
mately reached, of suspending the operation of
that law for two years, although I was myself in
favor of the Senate amendment; and if, in the mean
time, it shall be found necessary to impose this di-
rect tax, Congress and the country will have time
to consider it.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Indiana
took the ground in committee which he has stated
here, and we so compromised on it. 1 am asked
as to the provisions aboutcollection districts. We
disagreed to the Senate amendment in reference to
collection districts, and left it as the House did,
with this amendment, that there were to be no
more than the congressional districts in the Thir-
ty-Seventh Congress, except where there was an
increase of congressional districts i\\ the Thirty-
Eighth, in which case the number of collection
districts maybeextended. Where there is no such
increase, it stands precisely as it came from the
House.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. What about
the income tax?
Mr. STEVENS. The conference committee
modified the income tax by striking out the pro-
vision imposing seven and a half per cent, where
the income is over $50,000, and leaving only the
two grades—three per cent, on incomes from §600
to $10,000, and five per cent, on incomes above
$10,000.
Mr. COLFAX. Is the tax on plate, carriages,
<&>c., retained?
Mr. STEVENS. Thatentiiesection was struck
out by the Senate, but the committee of conference
has agreed to retain the tax on both plate and car-
riages. The tax on musical instruments, watches,
<lolls, &c., was struck out. The tax on billiard
tables is retained, but is reduced from twenty dol-
lars to ten dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. When is the bill to take
cffect ?
Mr. STEVENS. On the 1st of August. We
were obliged to change it from the 1st of July to
the 1st of August, because we ascertained that it
would not be possible to get the machinery of the
bill ready before that time.
Mr. MAYNARD. When~does the income tax
commence ?
Mr) STEVENS. The bill goes into operation
at the same time. The year commences in May.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did the committee make
any change in the bill as to stock of wines, liq-
uors, &c., on hand now ?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, no change was made
in that.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a further modifi-
cation made as to the tax on carriages, which tax
is not to apply to carriages of a less value than
seventy-five dollars.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand the chairman of
the conference committee to say that the time for
the bill to go into operation is changed from 1st of
July,to 1st August. Does the same change apply
to that section imposing taxes on all articles man-
ufactured after the 1st of July?
Mr. STEVENS. It does. There was no change
made from that decision of the House in regard
to not taxing goods on hand.
Mr. ELIOT. Then the change has been made
in that section from July to August ?
Mr. STEVENS«^;Jt reads August all through
the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. On goods made before the 1st
of August the tax is not imposed ?
Mr. STEVENS. No.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Is the tax on oils
changed ?
Mr. STEVENS. There is no change made
on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
House did not quite understand the explanation
in regard to the income tax. Itgoes into operation
for tiie first time on the*lst of May, 1863, while
the general provisions of the bill go into operation
on the 1st of August.
Mr. STEVENS. With regard to the income
tax, I understand it counts back from May, 1862;
so that really that tax takes place from last May.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It is to cover
the year between May, 1862, and May, 1863.
'Mr. STEVENS. That is my understanding.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The explanation
that has been given satisfies me, Mr. Speaker,
that we ought to have this matter postponed and
the report printed. If the previous question be
voted down, I will submit a motion to postpone
this subject for two or three days, that the report
may be printed.
Ml*. STEVENS. I am about to move the
previous question. If the House desire to have the
report printed, let it vote down the previous ques-
tion, and then let the gentleman's motioa be put.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Did the committee agree
to the Senate amendments with reference to the
income tax ?
Mr. STEVENS. We did not agree to that
provision imposing seven and a half per cent, on
incomes over fifty thousand dollars. We left it
with the five per cent, on incomes over ten thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee whether any changc has been
made in the Senate bill with reference to the tax
on checks drawn by depositaries on banks; and if
so, what?
Mr. STEVENS. We changed the amount
from ten dollars to twenty dollars. We made it
read, "on all above twenty dollars." I now move
the previous question.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I apprehend that
that change which has been made in the bill,as I
understand it, will have the effect of lessening the
comparative burdens upon theagricultural portion
of the country, and that the additional two per
cent, income tax is to supply the deficit, which
tax will come mainly from the commercial and
industrial or manufacturing portions of the coun-
try.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think we laid two
per cent, additional tax upon incomes.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I understand the
rate fixed by the committee of conference to be
five per cent, on incomes above $10,000. If I mis-
take not, the bill as it went to the Senate con-
tained a uniform income tax of three per cent.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate, however, in-
creased the tax to seven and a half per cent. We
reduced it to five.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The bill as re-
ported from thecommittee of conference contains
a discrimination, the cffect of which, I apprehend,
is, that the deficit which is to arise from the relief
extended to the agricultural interest of the coun-
try is to be made up by imposing an-additional
two f>er cent, upon the industry of the manufac-
turing portions of the country and upon the com-
merce of the country. Now, sir, I protest against
that kind of injustice.
Mr. WASHBURNE. When the gentleman
speaks of industrial interests, does he refer to the
agricultural interests?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I referred, as I
stated, to the commercial and manufacturing in-
terests of the country. I am at a loss to know
upon what principle of justice one class of indus-
try should be taxed five per cent, upon its indus-
try and another class of industry exempted from
such taxation. If the gentleman from Illinois can
give me a satisfactory explanation, I should be
glad to hear it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not propose to en-
ter into adiscussion with the gentleman upon this
subject. I say to him that under this bill theag-
ricultural interest will sustain its fair and proper
proportion of the national burdens.
Mr. STEVENS. I can only say what I have
perhaps before stated, that we resisted the suspen-
sion of the direct tax after the present year as long
as wc could without losing the bill, and I did not
think it proper to lose the bill rather than suspend
that direct tax. If the gentleman will now show
us any way to retain the direct tax and save the
bill I certainly would be glad to unite with him.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I submit
to the gentleman whether it would not have been
well to have insisted on the direct tax and throw
upon the Senate the responsibility of defeating the
bill rather than yield.
Mr. STEVENS. It might be very well to pun-
ish them, but I do not see how the poor country is
to get along. I say to the gentleman that we sep-
arated on last Friday with no prospect of agree-
ment. I never went back again until this morning
when this modification was proposed, and as the
bill was likely otherwise to be lost, I consented
to the compromise. I now demand the previous
question.
The House divided on seconding the demand for
the previous question, and there were—ayes 08,
noes 43.
Mr. DAWES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Holman were appointed.
The House jigain divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded. The
mam question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Ashley, Baily, Baker, Baxter,
Biddlu, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
William G. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberhn,
Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Fiedenck A. Conkiing,
Itoscoe Conkiing, Corning, Covode. Ciavens, Cn.^ficld,
Dawes, Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards. Etiot,
English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot, Fiank,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Guder, Gurley, Haight, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Harrison, Holman, Hooper, Hutchins, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lan-
sing, Looim&, Lovejoy, Low, McKmgln, Maynaid, Mcn-
zies, Mitchell, Mooi head, Justin 8. Mori ill, Moms, Nixon,
Noble. Odcll,TimothyG. Phelps, Potneroy, i'oiter, Poller,
AlexanderII. Rico, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segat, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellabaigei, Sherman. Smith, Spauldmg, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiatton, Benjamin
F.Thomas, Tiiinble, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgb, Vib-
bard, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Waul, Wa«hburne, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and Woices-
ter—106.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, George II. Biowne,
Johnson, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Slnel, Stiles. Chilton
A. White, Wickliffe, and Wood—11.
So the report was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that
Mr. Alley was detaine4 from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. VAN VALKENBXXRGH stated that Mr.
Diven was necessarily absent.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Patton was
at homo sick.
Mr. HALE stated that Mr. Wright was con-
fined at home by sickness.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. White, of In-
diana, had been called home by sickness in his
family, otherwise he would have voted for this
bill.
Mr. LANSING stated that Mr. Sloan was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. ASHLEY stated that he had paired on this
bill with Mr. Ancona, but as his vote would not
change the result, by consentof the friends of Mr.
Ancona he would vote.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF TAX BILL.
Mr. COLFAX submitted the following resolu-
tion for reference to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the tax bill, as
reported from the committee of conference, be punted for
the use of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
also include the income and dircct tax in the same
order. Let them all be printed together.
Mr. COLFAX. The Committee on Printing
can regulate that.
Mr. MALLORYI hope the gentleman will
accept my modification, and allow it to go as a
suggestion to the Committee on Printing.
