2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. COLFAX. Very well; I accept the modi-
fication. , . ,
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask the gentleman to make
the number fifty thousand. ^ % ,
Mr. COLFAX. The Committee on Printing
will report as to the proper number.
The resolution was received and referred.
BLANKS FOR BACK PAY AND BOUNTY.
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resoh ed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform this House why the necessary blanks for soldiers
back pay, bounty, &c.,have not been inadeoutand printed
for the use of the heirs of deceased and wounded soldiers,
as ordered by the House some time i-ince, and when the
same will be made out and printed ior distribution.
On motion of Mr. WOOD, (at five o'clock, p.
m.,)the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 24, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JiXKCUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municatuiff, in compliance with the resolution of
the Senate of the 6th instant, information m rela-
tion to the military force necessary for the protec-
tion of the interests of the United States in the
Territory of Arizona and on the frontiers of Mex-
ico; which was ordered to iie on the table.
I10USK BILL EHFEKBED.
The bill (No. 442) to establish a land district in
the Territory of Nevada, and for other purposes,
whs read twice by us title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Prances
Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel S. McCauley,
praying compensation for judicial services per-
formed'by her late husband as consul general at
Tripoli, in the Barbary States, and at Alexandria,
in Egypt; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARRIS piesented live petitions of mer-
chants, traders, and citizens of Now York, pray-
ing for the passage of a. general bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
MISBSAOJS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by M r. ivriiKiunoE, its Clerk, announced (hat the
J louse had passed tlie foil owing hi lis; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No.290) for t lie relief of Thomas Young;
and George Young, owners of the schooner Eliza-
beth Mary;
A bill (iNo. 480) to nuthorizca rehearingof the
application of Daniel Woodbury before the Com-
missioner of l'utonts for the extension of his let-
teis patent for nil improvement in horse power,
dateu August 26, 1846; and
A bill (No. 510) fur t lie relief of James N. Miil-
ler, supervising inspector of steamboats for the
third supervising district.
The message also requested the return to the
House of Representatives of the bill (H. R. No.
280) to establish and equalize the grades Of the
officers of the United States Navy, in oidcr that
a clerical ei ror in the engrossment of the bill might
be corrected.
THE TAX JSIIJ,.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had concurred ill the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
voles of the two Houses on the bill (1.1. R No.
.'11*2) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
PAY OF AltMY OFFICERS.
The messasre also announced that the House of
Representatives insisted upon us amendments to j
the'bill (IS. No. 175) to define the pay and emol- |
umems of certain officers of the Army, and for |
other purposes, disn^reed to by tlie Senate, dis.t- I
greed to the amendments of the Senate to other j
amendments of the House, and agreed to the con- !
ference asked for by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses; and had appointed
Messrs. A. B. Olkj of New York, W. McKee
Dunn of Indiana, and George H..Browne of
Rhode Island, managers at the conference on its
part.
CONGRESSMEN INTERESTED IN CONTEACTS.
Mr. "WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered byunanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be, and are here-
by, instructed to inquire into the statements and charges
made in the report to the Secretary of War, by Hon.
Joseph Holt and Robert Dale Owen, in the case of C. D.
Sclmbarth, relating to a certain contract for furnishing
arms to the Government, and to leport, by bill or otherwise,
what additional legislation may be nccessary to forbid and
punish Senators or Itepicsentatives in Congress who snail
lend their official influence over the executive and other
departments of the Government to the procuiementof con-
tracts therewith, and who shall receive or accept, directly
or indiiectly, for himself or for another, any money, re-
ward, or compensation therefor, paid or to be paid, and
either certain or contingent.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Andiew.'I'en Broeck, late consul of the United
States at Munich, in the kingdom of Bavaria,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
368) for the relief of Andrew Ten Broeck. The
bill was read, and passed toasecond reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 351) supplementary to the act for the
release of certain persons held to service in the
District of Columbia, approved April 16, 1862,
reported it with amendments.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HARRIS. X move that all orders of busi-
ness be suspended, and that the bill (S. No. 275)
to increase the compensation of the surveyors of
customs at Albany and Troy, and for other pur-
poses, be taken up for consideration. I have made
several efforts to get this bill through.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope that it will not be taken
up until wo get through with the morning busi-
ness, the introduction of bills, &c.
Mr. HARRIS. I think this bill will take but
a minute. I have tried several times to get it up,
and have given way for other business.
The question being put, the ayes were eleven,
which not being a majority of a quorum, the mo-
tion was declared to be not agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave to introduce a bill,
without previous notice, and I will state in ex-
planation that it is the same bill which I intro-
duced some week or two ago, but by some means
or other it has been lost and the committee have
not possession of it.
Byunanimous consent,leave was given to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 369) abolishing the office of mar-
shal of the District of Columbia and creating that
of sheriff of the District of Columbia; which was
read twice, by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
APPROPRIATION I'OIt VOLUNTEERS' BOtJNTY.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill(S. No.364) to make
an appropriation for the payment of the bounty
authorized by the sixth section of an act entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property," approved July 22,1861, and for
other purposes, report it back without amend-
ment, and if there is no objection to the bill, I
should wish to have it put upon its passage now.
It is the same bill which has been acted upon by
two committees of conference.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It appropri-
ates, for the payment of the bounty to widows,
children, fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters of
such volunteers as may have died or been killed,
or may die or be killed, in service, authorized by
the sixth section of an act to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property, approved
July 22, 1861, $5,000,000, or so much thereof as
may be found necessary. It also proposes to au-
thorize the .Secretary of the Interior to employ
fifteen additional clerks of the first class, and five
clerks ofthe second class, for the purposeof increas-
ing, temporarily, the clerical force in the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions, and to appropriate
425,000 for the compensation of these clerks for
the fiscal yearending June 13, 1863. The bill also
proposes to appropriate $3,000, or as much thereof
as may be found necessary, for the expenses of
the committee on disloyal employes of tne Gov-
ernment, appointed by resolution of the House of
Representatives of July 8, 1861. It further pro-
vides that that part ofthe sixth section of the act
of July 22, 1861, which secured to the widow, if
there be one, and if not, the legal heirs of such
volunteers as die or may be killed in service, in
addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, a
bounty of $100, shall be held to apply to those per-
sons who have enlisted in the regular forces since
the 1st of July, 1861, or shall enlist in the regular
forces during the year 1862. _
Mr. FOSTER. This bill, I believe, is the off-
spring of the second committee of conference
which has already attracted some notice in both
Houses. The advantage of the operations of the
second committee is, unless interrupted, that we
now get a bill, an appropriation bill, together with
legislative matter connected with it creating a con-
siderable number of new officers, passed through
both Houses of Congress without ever having
been printed, instead of having a slight amend-
ment made in abill which was before both Houses,
printed, and in the hands of every member. This
is the advantage thus far of the "rebuke," as the
Senator from Ohio styled it, which was adminis-
tered to the first committee of conference. It seems
to me the advantage is not so great that on the
whole the Senate will bo inclined to repeat the op-
eration. We saw the effect of it yesterday in the
report ofthe committee of conference on the tax
bill, which was passed through the Senate directly
in face of the great principle which, it was said,
the former committee of conference had attempted
to infringe. The way in which this committee
have avoided infringing on the same rule which it.
was said the first committee infringed is this: that
whereas the firstcommittec simply recommended
a slight vei bal alteration in a bill pending, printed,
and in the hands of every member, the second
committee agreed to disagree with the view of de-
stroying the bill which was before them, and re-
ported a new bill containing legislative matter,
and containing matter not in the original bill, and
proposed to have that go through the House of
Representatives and the Senate without having
been printed at all, and when it is first reported
they ask that it be considered as a matter neces-
sary. Indeed, the honorable Senator fiom Ohio
said the other day, when I suggested some doubt
in respect to considering the bill when it was first
introduced without ever having been referred or
considered, that it was a very ungracious thing to
stand m the way of ail appropriation of money to
pay poor soldiers, or the widows or heirs of poor
soldiers. The Senator should have thought of
that when by his own vote he attempted, indeed
succeeded,according to hisown view, in rebuking
the first committee, for the first committee pro-
posed to have that money paid at once without
delay. But that did not satisfy the views of the
Senator from Ohio; for although he said in his
remarks subsequently that he was not present at,
the discussion, he was in at all events at the vote,
and voted thus, as he says, to rebuke the com-
mittee. It is to be presumed he knew lit regard
to the subject on which he was voting. If he had
not heard the discussion he was very unfortunate
in electing the side on which he would vote. If
therefore there is anything improper in delaying
the passage of a bill to pay poor soldiers and the
heirs of poor soldiers, the gentleman from Ohio,
and those who voted with him, and not those who
urged the passage of the bill at that time, are re-
sponsible.
It is suggested to me that T move to print this
bill. The Senator from Ohio thinks 1 speak as
one of the wounded; but I certainly am not desir-
ous of delaying action on this bill. I am willing
to move, however, that it be printed; for it con-
tains matter which I think the Senate should scru-
tinize somewhat before it passes it. Unless I mis-
take from the hasty reading of the bill at the desk—
I have not had the advantage of reading it before—
it contains matter not in the original billsand con-
