1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2893
tains variations of the matter which was in that
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to say to the
Senator that he will find, by a comparison, that
the bill now presented is verbatim the bill as pro-
posed to be amended by the report of the first com-
mittee of conference, exceptthat the proviso which
prescribes the persons who shall l>e beneficiaries
of the bounty is not contained in this bill, as it is
already contained in a bill of which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has charge,
which contains a section making this provision that
has received the assent of both Houses. There
are no new provisions in this bill. It makes but
three appropriations: one to pay bounty, another
for the payment of additional clerks agreed to by
the first committee, and the lastprovision extends
 he bounty law to the regulars as well as to the
volunteers. There is no new provision in the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask if the provision in
regard to the regulars was in the former bill?
Mr.SHERMAN. 11 was in the former bill; we
copied it word for word; there is no alteration in it.
- Mr. POSTER. Neither of these bills, so far as
my attention has been called to them, carries out
fully the act of 22d July last. That act provided
in general terms that a bounty of §100 should be
paid to the widow or heirs. Each of the bills has
made an enumeration of heirs to a certain extent,
and has stopped without completing the design of
the act in specifying what heirs shall finally take.
This bill, 1 believe, as it now stands, does not pur-
pose enumerating the heirs;rand the Senator from
Ohio says it is because they are already provided
for in another bill. That bill has not yet passed,
and is, I believe, in the hands of a committee of
conference, and of course, therefore, cannot be
amended; and it does not provide for carrying out
the provisions of the sixth section of the law of
22d July last in regard to the heirs among whom
this bounty shall be distributed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this bill be printed
and postponed until to-moirow.
Mr. POSTER. At the suggestion of the Senator
from Iowa I move that this bill be printed, and
that its further consideration be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
motion to postpone and print. I think enough has
already been said on this subject, and I shall there-
fore take but little time in replying to what has
been said by the Senator from Connecticut. I
came in the other day without any knowledge of
who were on the first committee of conference. I
did not know that the honorable Senator from
Connecticut was on it, or that my colleague of the
Committee on Finance [Mr. Howe] was on it. I
came in here and voted for a proposition which I
think is a correct one: that a committee of confer-
ence have no right to alter the text of a bill or sec-
tion which has been agreed to by both Houses.
That is a general principle never departed from but
in one case. I know of but one case where it was
departed from; and it was done after a statement
made, similar, no doubt, to the statement made
by the Senator.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will permit me,
it has been done in a score of cases, even during
the short period I have been in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know of but one case,
and that was an appropriation bill, where the text
was altered. I voted the other day to establish
a precedent, a rule which ought never to be de-
parted from. A conference report compels us to
one solitary vote; we can only vote on the result
of that conference; and if you allow the commit-
tee of confeience to change the text of the bill,
you prevent both Houses from voting on the par-
ticular change; you compel them to vote as one
vote on the report of the conference. The effect
of that was noticed yesterday, where all of us
probably disagreed to some of the clauses of the
report of the committee of conference on the tax
bill, and yet we were compelled to vote for it as
an entirety. I think, therefore, the Senator is en-
tirely too sensitive in regard to that matter. There
was no design—certainly none on my part—to
rebuke him or his colleagues.
Mr. FOSTER. I only took the word of the
Senator from Ohio for it.
Mr.SHERMAN. I will state, in explanation
of it, that the Senator condemned the action of
the second committee of conference, I think im-
properly. He said we sought to evade a rule—
words that might just as well have been omitted—
and in reply, 1 said the Senate had rebuked the
first committee: one was an answer to the other.
I think, probably, that it would have been better
if both had been omitted. The second committee
of conference did not seek to evade the rule at all.
They stated thatthey could not agree, and then we
report a bill inhcee verba the bill agreed upon by the
first committee of conference.
.Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to ask him what he proposes to do
with the bill which his committee of conference
reported upon ? What does he propose to ask to
be done with it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
let it stand without any further action; but if it is
thought necessary to make a motion in regard to
it, I will move that the Senate adhere to their
amendments. I do not intend to takefurther ac-
tion upon it, but to let it stand on the disagree-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask whether the decided
design of the committee was not to kill the bill
which that committee were instructed to agree
with the House committee npon, if they could;
and whether that was not the design of their ac-
tion—to kill the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The design of the action is
stated in the report itself, that we could not agree
upon the pending amendments, and therefore as
a matter of course we reported that disagreement
to both Houses. It is then perfectly competent
for a Senator to move that the Senate recede, or
that the Senate adhere to their amendments. The
report of the committee of conference ends their
action by simply saying they cannotagree. A new
committee may be appointed or the Senate may
adhere, or the Senate may recede. Those are the
proper forms; and therefore the second committee
of conference adhered strictly to the strict line of
theirduty and to the order of the Senate. They
did not seek to evade the rules, but simply con-
formed to the rules. At their request I introduced
a new bill and it went through the proper stages.
It was read a first and second time and referred,
and has now been reported back, and now, at the
request of the Senator, it is to be laid over and
printed. When it is printed I shall call it up and
ask the action of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print is unnecessary. The bill will be printed
under the general rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 3G3.
I do not ask any action upon it, but I wish to sub-
mit a few observations.
Mr. COLLAMER. Wehave not taken avote
on the other matter yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
motion is to postpone the consideration of the bill
reported by the Senator from Ohio until to-mor-
row.
Mr. POWELL. There has been a good deal
of feeling exhibited about this bill, and about the
motion to recommit it to another committee of
conference. I have been a little astonished at the
feeling exhibited on the subject. I made the mo-
tion to lay the report of that committee on the
table, and that another committee be raised. I wish
to state that I did it, not out of any disrespect to
the Senators who composed the first committee
of conference. I entertain very great respect for
those Senators. I made the motion because I
thought a precedent was about to be established
that was unwise and dangerous, without any in-
tention whatever to rebuke the honorable Sena-
tors who composed the committee. So far as
the action of the last committee of conference, of
which I was a member, was concerned, we acted
in the only way we thought we could under the
rules of the Senate, so as to attain the object de-
sired. There has been a good deal of debate about
it; and as I was somewhat instrumental in hav-
ing a second committee of conference raised, I
merely rise no w for the purpose of saying to those
Senators who composed the first committee that
I had no intention of reflecting on them in the
slightestdegree. I have nodoubtihatthey thought
they did everything for the best; but 1 acted so
as to prevent the establish'ement of a precedent
which for the future would be dangerous. The
matter which they introduced into the text of that
bill'I think wa3 itself right; and consequently, as
one of the last committee of conference, in order
to have that retained, which we could not do under
the rules otherwise, we made the report that we
did, and presented a new bill.
Mr. HOWE. Let me put the mind of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky at rest on that point. I had
not the slightest feeling about the motion which
he submitted to the Senate the other day. I did
not suppose he intended to reflect on the commit-
tee of conference, nor did I suppose at the time
that the Senate intended any reflection on the com-
mittee.
Now, I want to make a few remarks in reply
to what has just been said by the Senator from
Ohio. He says he voted the other day to estab-
lish what he thought a correct parliamentary prin-
ciple, when he voted not to agree to the report of
the committees. I said the other day when the
subject was up that that was not the effect of his
vote. The effect of his vote was simply to dis-
approve of the amendment; it was not upon any
question of order whatever. If the recommend-
ation of the committee of conference was out of
order, that question should have been presented
upon a point of order; it should have been ob-
jected to as out oforder, the same as if I had moved
the amendment myself in an improper stage of the
bill, and then if the objection had been sustained
by the Chair, and an appeal being taken, if the
Senator had voted to sustain the decision of the
Chair, he would have voted to sustain what he
considers a correct principle; but the vote which
was taken was a vote upon the motion made by
the Senator from Kentucky, which was to non-
concur in the report, and to ask for a new com-
mittee of conference. That put in issue themerits
of the recommendation made by the committee;
as it seems to me, there is nothing more.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me
one word. I did not regard the motion I made
as putting in issue the merits of the amendment
which was proposed in the body of the bill. I am
not very familiar with the rules of the Senate, but I
was told by Senators that the only way to reach the
case and save the establishment of the precedent
of putting into the body of the bill by a commit-
tee of conference any new matter, was by the
motion that I made. At first I did not make the
motion broad enough, but on the suggestion of a
Senator who was more familiar with the rules
than myself, I amended the motion so as to cover
the whole question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
feels himself called upon to rule this discussion
out of order on the motion to postpone the con-
sideration of this bill till to-morrow.
Mr. HOWE. I acquiesce in the ruling of the
Chair.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills of the House of Represent-
atives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 290) fortlie relief of Thomas Young
and George Young, owners of the schooner Eliz-
abeth Mary—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 486) to authorize a rehearing of the
application of Daniel Woodbury before the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of his let-
ters patent for an improvement in horse power,
dated August 26,1846—to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
A bill (No. 510) for the relief of James N.
Miiller, supervising inspector of steamboats for
the third supervising district—to the Committee
on Commerce.
SMALL BANK NOTES VETO MESSAGE.
To the Senate of the United States:
Tlie bill which has passed the House of Representatives
and the Senate, entitled "An act lo lepeal tiiat part of an
act ot Congress which prohibits the eiiculation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in the District
of Columbia," has received my attentive consideration,
and I now return it to the Senate, in which it originated,
with the following objections;
1. The bill proposes to repeal the existing legislation,
prohibiting the circulation of bank notes of a Jess denom-
ination than five dollars within the District of Columbia,
without peimitting the issuing of such bills by banks not
now legally authonzed to issue them. In my judgment, it
will betound impracticable, m the pi esent condition or the
currency, to make such a discrimination. The banks have
geneiaJiy suspended specie payments; and a legal sanction
given to the circulation of the irredeemable notes ot one
class of them, will almost certainly beso extended, in piac-
tical operation, as to include those of all classe.-?, whether
authorized or unauthorized. If this view be correct, the
currency of the District, should this act become a Jaw, will
