1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19S8
final blow had come. In quick words he said,
" Now is the time to drive them." It was worthy
the world-renowned order of Wellington, " Up,
Guards, and at them."
Word was sent by his body-guard to the dif-
ferent regiments to be ready to charge when the
order was given; then, riding out in front amid a
storm of bullets, he led the charge in person, and
Beauregard was driven howling to his intrench-
mcnts. His left was broken, and a retreat com-
menced which soon degenerated into a perfect
rout. The loss of the enemy was three to our two
in men, and in much greater proportion in the de-
moralization of an army which follows a defeat.
That battle has laid the foundation for finally
driving the rebels from the Southwest. So much
for the battle of Pittsburg Landing, which has
evoked such unjust and cruel criticism, but which
history will record as one of the most glorious vic-
tories that has ever illustrated the annals of a great
nation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, if there
be no objection, I will say a word in connection
with this matter. After the explanations which
have already taken place, I trust that this House,
during its session, will have no more occasion to
investigate the battles which have been fought,
or the conduct of our officers, but that the mem-
bers will leave that where it properly belongs, to
the officers who are placed in command of our
armies. I rise only to say to my colleague, as
kindly as possible, that 1 regret that this thing
has been brought to the attention of the House
this morning. During a short service here of eight
or ten years, I have never found it necessary to
vindicate upon this floor the conduct of any of
our citizens upon the battle-field for the want of
either skill or courage; and I trust that the time
never will come when 1'shall feel obliged to defend
them againstany such imputation,and especially
when I am satisfied that none such has really been
made, or intended to be made, against them. I
desire to say, further, that the impropriety and
the impolicy—if I may use the word—of gentle-
men upon this floor criticising the ability, skill,
and strategy of our armies and our generals are
most manifest. In myjudgment,sir, itisaboutthc
poorest business that this House can be engaged
in. And I will say another thing—and I say it
kindly, intending in no way to be offensive—that
I feel, this day, that our armies would do better
and gain more and greater victories if the " riot
act" could be read, and both Houses of Congress
dispersed to their homes at the very earliest pos-
sible day. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, the House
will bear witness that I seldom occupy the floor,
and 1 do not take it now for the purpose of en-
gaging in the latter part of this discussion. I see
no propriety in canvassing the relative merit of
western troops, who all deserve every encomium
which each Representative is disposed to bestow
on those of his particular State. I desire to call
the attention of the House, however, to a matter
in which every just and fair-minded man must
feel an interest. I allude to the subject brought to
the attention of the House by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill;] and in that connection
I will say that I am possessed of a piece of inform-
ation regarding General Smith's conduct on the
occasion of the fight at Lee's Mills before York-
town which I would deem myself unjust and
criminal not to give him the benefit of, by placing
it before the House and country in connection
with the cruel charge of drunkenness which has
been made against him.
A few days after the affair at Lee's Mills, Col-
onel Key, the judge advocate upon General Mc-
Clcllan's staff, was in this city. He is known
to most of the members of this House as a man
of great eminence m his profession; and he is
known to them also as a man of the highest sense
of honor, whose word is equal to a bond. With
feeling and with great particularity he detailed
that affair to me, which the gentleman from Ver-
mont has connected with the resolution he brought
upfor the action of the House. He told me that
he was sitting on a log with General McClel-
lan and General Smith as the troops were march-
ing to the place where the action was commenced.
While sitting there the probable result of the
movement was discussed by General Smith, v, ith
the utmost clearness and coolness, with his com-
manding officer, General McClellan, betraying no
evidence in any respect, whatever, of having dis-
guised his faculties, mental or physical, by the
effects of liquor. A signal, which had been con-
certed between him and the officers leading the
troops, was displayed, and an orderly officer, un-
derstanding its meaning, rode up and told General
Smith that the signal had been given. He re-
sponded at once, " Then my boys are at their
work," and, mounting a high-spirited animal, he
rode with great speed in the direction of the at-
tack. Of course, he did not know the exact nature
of the ground which he had to go over, and in his
course lay a plowed fiel.d—the ground thrown up
in ridges, and where the rain had softened the earth
between them. The animal he was riding, run-
ning ata high rate of speed, very fractious and
unruly, in crossing that piece of ground, floun-
dered and threw him. lie instantly got up and
remounted. This was in sight of the person, I
suppose, who gave currency to the charge against
him. The rattle of'musketry was soon afterwards
heard, and an officer who was watching the action
through a glass remarked to Colonel Key that
General Smith's mare had again thrown him.
Colonel Key directly rode up to General Smith,
and asked him whether he was hurt. He had been
thrown twice, and he was covered all over with
dirt. The General said that he was not, and he
went on talking with Colonel Key, evincing the
utmost clearness of mind, and good sense and
coolness in reference to the movement which was
then going on. In every respect, Colonel Key
emphatically repelled the charge made by the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
I feel it due to a brave and gallantofficer,in the
meridian of life, with all his hopes before him, and
against whom a most injurious and unfounded ac-
cusation has been made, to make this statement
to the House. Sir, I deprecate the manner in
which men's good names are made the feast and
banquet for lumor and calumny throughout the
country. It is enough for us to do our duty, and
to leave the officers of our armies to do theirs; and,
as has been suggested by the gentleman from Illi-,
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] leave them to be dealt
with for any errors they may commit by the mili-
tary laws to which they are amenable.
Mr. FISHER. I wish to submit to this House
a few remarks in vindication of the truth of the
history of my country, and in vindication of my
native State.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
gentleman will proceed with his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. FISHER. As 1 have said, Mr. Speaker,
I desire to make some remarks in vindication of
the truth of the history of this country and of Del-
aware. I find that a man by the name of Sauls-
bury, of that State 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to refer,
in the House, to anything that has taken place in
the Senate.
Mr. FISHER. I do not speak of Mr. Sauls-
bury as Senator of the United States, but of Mr.
Saulsbury, a citizen of the State of Delaware.
This Mr. Saulsbury, a citizen of the United
States of America, has been pleased to submit
some observations which he has published to the
country, in which he has undertaken to denounce
the arrest of certain persons in the State of Dela-
ware, most of them residing in my own town, as
the arrest of loyal men.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order. This mode of debate, if continued in the
House, can have no other result than ro bring the
two Houses of Congress into conflict; and I am
therefore opposed to it.
Mr. FISHER. The remarks to which I shall
advert I have not been able to find published in
the Globe of this morning. They may be there,
but I cannot find them. I notice the observations
which I have seen published in the Baltimore Sun.
Mr. ALLEN. Where were they made?
Mr. FISHER. They will be found published
in the Baltimoie Sun of this morning.
Mr. ALLEN. But where were they made?
Mr. FISHER. They are not to be found in
the Globeof this morning, [ believe. I have looked
for them there in vain, though they may be there;
and it is to be presumed, therefore, that they vvcie
not made in the Senate j ^sterday.
Mr. ALLEN. Were they not published m
the Baltimore Sun as having been made in, the
Senate?
Mr. FISHER. They are not to be found in
the proceedings of the Senate as published in the
Globe, so far as I can ascertain; at)d with that
answer to the gentleman from Ohio, I will now
go on with what I have to say.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 would like to know
from the gentleman from Delaware where the re-
marks were made to which he proposes to advert/
Mr. FISHER. They were made somewhere
in the city of Washington, I presume.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order. He clearly proposes to refer to remarks
made in the Senate.
Mr. FISHER. I will waive all allusion to the
Senator from Delaware. In some remarks pub-
lished in the Sun this morning, purporting to have
been made by a would-be distinguished gentleman
from Delaware, charging that arrests have been
made in the State of Delaware, which I have the
honor to represent on this floor, of loyal citizens of
the United States, and the names of some of those
" loyal" citizens, and among them I find the name
of John B.Pennington, a citizen of my own town.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the remarks of the gentleman are not in
the nature of a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot control
that matter.
Mr. FISHER. My remarks are in vindication
of the loyalty of my State, and I trust that in her
behalf I may be heard. 1 know there are tender-
footed gentlemen on this floor whom my remarks
may touch upon the other side of the House, and
1 know they do not wish the matter to which I
desire to advert should be ventilated here, but I
hope the opportunity may be afforded me of dis-
charging my duty to my loyal constituents and ot
making this explanation here, that I may sepa-
raie between the sheep and the goats.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the gentleman makes a peisonal appli-
cation of his remarks. His remarks do not afreet
me in the slightest degree, but the House should
preserve its own decorum.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is not in order now.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from Dela-
ware 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is that the gentleman
makes his remarks personally offensive to this side
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
remarks applying to a whole side of the House
have never been considered as personal. He there-
fore overrules the point of order.
Mr. FISHER. If the gentleman will permit
me to explain what I think should be explained,
he may then make any remarks he pleases.
Iam going to speak of facts which I know, and
facts in reference to which I shall produce the evi-
dence here and now. Let the gentleman, or let
any other gentleman in this House, or in the coun-
try, gainsay them if he can. All I ask is to be
heard. Now, in regard to this man McWhorter,
it has been said by this would-be distinguished
gentleman to whom I have referred, that at tins
time McWhoiteris
" A most highly respectable citizen of my State, residing
near the capital, \vaa dragged away troin his home and ear-
ned into the State of Maryland by the military authorities,
theie detained foi a week or more, and then discharged—
no fault found In him."
Mr. ALLEN. Will the gentleman from Del-
aware undertake to reply here to a speech made
by a Senator? .
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order by
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ALLEN. The gentleman has no right to
read an extract from a Senator's speech for the
purpose of referring to him in violation of the
rules -
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise a
point of order?
Mr. ALLEN. I do. It is that the gentleman
is out of order in reading an extract from a Sen-
ator's speech, which I understand him to be now
reading, for the purpose indicated.
The^SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what the gentleman is reading from.
