1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Senator from Ohio struck me with a great
deal of force, and as being exactly true; and that
my own view of it may be distinctly understood,
I wish to make a few remarks to the Senate.
I think the confusion about this whole matter
has arisen from confounding office with institution
into office. An office is a right. In England, when
the Crown issuesits commission, the partyreceiv-
ing it under the seal of the Crown, is clothed with
office, and he has a perfect right to institution. If
it were the lawof England thata judge appointed
to the common bench, would have to receive the
oath at the hand of the chief justice, he having his
commission from the Crown, would be a judge of
the common bench, with a full right in the office;
his right would be perfect, for the reason that his
oath would be a voluntary act within his own
power. There would be no limitation on it out-
side of himself; and therefore the right would be
perfect in him. The chief justice might deny or
refuse to administer the oath, and then he would
have to appeal to the courts for a mandate of insti-
tution, his right being perfect in the first instance.
Now, 1 say, in tins case the power that may
clothe a Senator with office having fully acted, he
has the full right, which is the office, in him; and
although he may not be instituted, he has a right
to be instituted; and although he may be wrong-
fully denied institution, if it were any other office
the courts would administer the right. The Sen-
ator from Oregon having been clothed with a right
only requinnginstitution by taking an oath, which
he has a right to demand shall be presented to him
and administered, is altogether a Senator, so far
as the right is concerned, because the condition
rests 111 his own volition, and he may assert the
right at his pleasure.
There is another mistake. We do not expel
a poison from this Senate—we expel him from
his office; and he being in office when he is clothed
with the commission, we may vacate the office
that is in him by our constitutional authority.
There is no one familiar with the law of offices
but understands that an office is a mere right, and
that light is not qualified by tfie mere process of
institution mto office, winch he. may demand, as
I have said before, at the hands of the courts, and
the courts are bound to administer it. The Sen-
ator having been appointed and commissioned by
as high an authority as if he had a Crown com-
mission, he having the right of office, why is he
not, then, subject to our jurisdiction by the con-
stitutional aumoiity to eject him from office—not
from the Senate, but from his office—for good
cause shown ? It strikes me that the doctrine ad-
vanced by the Senatoi from Ohio is one of the
strongest arguments that has been advanced in
the course of this controversy. \Vu have juris-
diction over him the moment he is clothed with
the senatorial office.
Another word. I merely rose to state these
Erepositions, for I think they will bo recognized
y every lawyer in the Senate. Now, as to the
term 44 qualification" as it is used in the Consti-
tution, it may mean constitutional qualification;
it may mean qualifications established by law. 1
do not propose to discuss the question presented
by the Senator from Illinois, for it is not import-
ant in this controversy, and it is not involved in
it; but " qualification" is, like all other terms used'
in the Constitution, a word that has some definite
meaning. What is the definite meaning of qual-
ification ?" The Constitution has said itself what
"qualification" shall consist of. What is left to
the Senate? To inquire into the fact of qualifica-
tion, not into the law of qualification. The law
has been established by the Constitution. We
may inquire into the fact; and if it should appear
that the S"nator was not qualified for years, oi for
citizenship, or for any otlu r cause assigned by the
Constitution, the fact being ase.eitained, we could
act upon the question simply as one of qualifica-
tion. But here conies a parry with all the consti-
tutional qualifications. We havejurisdiction over
him now to eject him from office, for he is in office;
that is, he has the office, although not instituted.
I say that Senators, if they think they have good
cause—for thatrestsln their own consciences, and
they may judge as they think justly—may move
to expel him, not from his seat hci e, but from the
office with which he has been clothed by the Gov-
ernor of tho State of Oiegon; and if they can get
the constitutional majority they can succeed; but
they cannot by indirection accomplish a result
expressly provided for by the terms of the Federal
Constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I rise to ask
the Senator from New York if he intends to have
the vote taken to-night upon this subject. If he
does, 1 am ready to sit hef^. If not, I desire be-
fore the Senate adjourns to take up a bill which
I regard as very important to be acted upon to-
night.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote now.
Mr. HARRIS. I believe, so far as I can ascer-
tain, it is the de'sire of the Senate to close this case
to-day. With that belief, I shall press the matter
to a vote.
If I were to consult my own inclination, Mr.
President, at this late hour and this late period in
the debate, I should not say a word; but the views
and doctrines which have been presented in this
discussion are of such a character, so unsound, in
my judgment, so extraordinary, so mischievous
in their character and tendency, that I feel con-
strained, impatient as I know the Senate to be, to
make some suggestions in reference to those argu-
ments. It has been said by an old writer that
power is ever at war with its own bdundaries, and
the truth of that remark has been most emphat-
ically illustrated in this debate. A strenuous effort
has been made on the part of distinguished Sen-
ators, distinguished lawyers, to thrust iato the
Constitution a power that its framers never put
there, and never designed should be found there.
t Mr. President, the Constitution was the work
of thirteen distinct, independent, sovereign States.
In order to form a national Government those
States each surrendered a portion of its sover-
eignty. They undertook to create a national
Legislature, one branch of which should represent
the people of the country, the other branch of
whiffli should represent the sovereignty of the
States. That branch is the Senate, it was agreed
in this surrender that each State should have two
members in this branch of the Legislature: the
greater should not have more; the least should
not have less. It was agreed, too, in instituting
this national Government that the States might
themselves, in the exercise of their own State
authority and sovereignty, choose for themselves
their own members of this body. All the restric-
tions they put upon themselves were that they
should not choose a man who was under thirty
years of age, that the Senator whom they should
choose should have been nine years a citizen, and
at the time of his election should be a resident of
the State where he was elected. These three
qualifications, these three restrictions, the States
chose to impose upon themselves; so that now,
if a man fads in any one of thtsc qualifications,
though he may have been in form elected, he is
not in fact elected; the election is void; it is against
this restriction which the States have put upon
themselves in framing the Constitution. It is per-
fectly competent for tins Senate, whenever a Sen-
ator presents himself here, to have the matter first
referred to a committee to inquire, and afterwards
themselves to judge upon the question whether
or not the Senator has been in due form elected;
whether his credentials ate in the proper form as
evidence of that election; and lastly, whether or
not the Senator presenting himself comes within
these qualifications which the Constitution pre-
scribes. This, sir, is all that we find upon the
subject of qualifications within the limits of the
Constitution.
But it is said that a Senator must be loyal. I
agree to that, I agree that lie must be loyal, al-
though it is a term m respect to which agood deal
has been said, and properly said, and upon the
definition of which I apprehend no two Senators
would precisely agree. The Senate say to the
States sending Senators here, " We insist that
they shall be loyal to the Government." The State
says," We agree to that; but what shall be the test
of loyalty ? How shall it be determined whether
a Senator is loyal? We intend to determine that
question for ourselves in the first instance; we are
not to be questioned as to our right to elect any
man coming within the qualifications specified in
the Constitution; we choose to reserve to our-
selves the right on the subject of loyalty to elect
any man we please: but we will agree to this: that
when our Senator presents himself in the Senate,
and offers to take his seat as the representative of
our sovereign authority, he shall take an oath; he
shall furnish to the national Government a guar-
antee that he will be true to the Con&tkution;"
and hence it is that the Constitution provides that
when the Senator presents himself, ne shall go to,
that desk, and here, in the American Senate, in
this holy of holies of ou-r nation, he shall swear
true allegiance to the Government that he is about
to serve. This, sir, is the test of loyaRy that the -
Constitution prescribes, and it prescribes no other
test.
But the-Senator from Illinois, he that stands
foremost in the Committee on the Judiciary, has
urged that there is a necessity that we shouldapply
a further test. Sir, I objcct to this law of neces-
sity when discussing constitutional questions.
What, asks the Senator—-and he seems alarmed
and shocked at the thought—is it possible that
thc Senate of the United States is bound to re-
ceive into its bosom a convicted traitor, a con-
victed felon, a man of infamy? Why, sir, that
inquiry of the Senator was fairly answered the
other day by the Senator from Virginia. Some
things, says the Senator from Illinois, are to be
presumed; and it is to be presumed that the Sen-
ate will not, through caprice or prejudice or injus-
tice, reject a member who presents himself. He
made use of that very argument to-day. Sir, may
not the same presumption be made in favor of the
sovereignty of a State? May it not be presumed
that a State will not send here its convicted felon
instead of sending him to the penitentiary ? May
it not be presumed thata State will not send here
its convicted traitor instead of sending him to the
gallows? May it not be presumed that a State
will never send here a man covered all over with
infamy as with a leprosy? Sir, a constitutional
question like this, of the gravity and importance
of this, is never aided by such extreme illustra-
tions.
Other Senators have attempted to illustrate this
by still more extreme cases. One Senator sup-
poses the case of a woman being sent here by a
State Legislature, and another a lunatic, and an-
other a horse-thief. Sir, this is not the way to
discuss constitutional questions of this kind, I
shall not enlarge upon it. The Senator from Illi-
nois, in his first argument upon this question, told
us he was sure there must be such a power in the
Senate as to exclude a man for disloyalty or in-
famy, or because he had been convicted of crime,
not, as he admits, as a ground of disqualification
—for he concedes that ho cannot find that in the
Constitution—but, to use his own language, as a
punishment due to his crime and the infamy of his
character. That, it seams to me, is a most sur-
prising and illogical argument for a sound lawyer
to present upon such a question as this.
But he says Congress has legislated on the idea
that it has the power to exclude a Senator. Sir,
I deny it. It is true that in 1790, immediately
after our Constitution went into operation, Con-
gress passed a law declaring that no judge who
should be guilty of the charge of biibery, should
afterwards hold any office of profit or emolument;
and m 1853 Congress passed another law declar-
ing that no member of Congress who should be
guilty of bribery, should afterwards hold any
office of profit or emolument. But, sir, what is
the amount and what is the effect of these laws?
They only operate upon that class of offices within
the control of the legislative power. The very
authority that the gentleman cited, the decision
from the State of New York, the language of the
chancellor that he cited in the case of Barker vs.
The People, expressly states that the Senate of
the United States is the exclusive and supieme
judge of the qualifications of its own members, and
so far as by the terms of the law such an office as
that would be embraced, the law is defeated by
the Constitution itself.
But there is another class of Senators who have
undertaken to show that, by the papers before the
Senate, this applicant for the seat is convicted of
what they are pleased to call disloyalty. Well,
sir, I know a gentlemans a distinguished gentle-
man, who has a great fancy for getting definitions
of the term "common sense." He carries a book
with him, and wherever he has a convenient op-
portunity, he asks the gentleman with whom he
happens to be in conversation what is his defini-
tion of common sense; and he takes his definition
and records it. He makes a volume of the defini-
tions of common sense. Now, I apprehend that
we should have just about as great a variety of
definitions of the terms loyalty and disloyalty as
