THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
my friend has of the term common sense. I do
not know what the Senate would deem a sufficient
amount of disloyalty to exclude a man from taking
a seat in the Senate. Certainly the Constitution
gives us no light or aid upon that question. I ap-
prehend that there are all degrees of disloyalty.
There arc Senators here—I do not mean to be at
all personal, and I do not mean to make a remark
or intimate who I have in my mind—but, judging
from what I have heard here in the course of the
present session, I should feel very much inclined
to think that there was a class of Senators here
Who thought they stood on a higher plane of loy-
alty than others who may feel themselves to be as
loyal to the Government as they. There are all
degrees and shades of loyalty, and what amount
of disloyalty Senators would have a man guilty
of in order to deprive him of his constitutional
right to take a seat here, I have been unable to
ascertain from all that I have heard.
Senators think they find in these affidavits the
evidence of disloyalty, of a want of fidelity to the
Government; and nothing in this debate has sur-
prised me so much as to find eminent lawyers—
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,]
who has been a judge, and I know from what 1
see of him has been a good judge; the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who is an eminent and
distinguished lawyer, and the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Dixonf,] discussing these affidavits
and undertaking to spell out from them evidence
of treason; at any rate of disloyalty. I mistake
those Senators, if any one of them would convict
the most miserable vagrant that walks our streets
of the crime of petty larceny upon these affidavits.
I do not believe there is a Senator who would do
it; and yet those Senators are willing to vote here
that this applicant for a seat, representing the
sovereignty ofOregon, is? to be excluded from this
Senate, that that sovereign State is to be in part
disfranchised upon such affidavits as these, affi-
davits that any man who knows and appreciates
the value of evidence would reject upon the most
petty trial.
Mr. DIXON. Will the'Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. I would remind the Senator that
the distinguished Senator from Ohio, who argues
upon his side of the question with so much abil-
ity, is also convinced by these affidavits that the
claimant is disloyal.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the Senator from
New York one question itl this stage of the pro-
ceedings. I desire to ask whether he enteituins
any doubt, first, of the authenticity of the affida-
vits to which he refeis, and the authenticity of a
paper which is not an affidavit, which is also re-
ferred to; and, second, whether he has any ground
in his own mind of rational doubt of the substan-
tial truth of the averments contained in both of
these papers ? After he has answered these ques-
tions, we may talk about loyalty.
Mr. HARRIS. Let us look at the affidavits,
and see. I am disposed, in view of that inquiry,
to criticise these affidavits. In the month of Feb-
ruary the leading affiant, Mr. Hull, says that he
" heard the said Benjamin Stark make use of the
following language, in substance, at the post office
in Portland."
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to interrupt the
mode in which the Senator may see fit to answer
the question; but my first inquiry related to the
authenticity -of these papers.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no reason to doubt the
genuineness of these papers. It has never been
questioned. Here is a letter addiessed to Gov-
ernor Seward, which has been read as a part of
the evidencein this ease, unauthenticated,unveri-
fied, unsworn to, which no lawyer would regard
as evidence, of course. The first leading affidavit
is that upon which I was about to comment. It
is the affidavit of Mr. Hull, in which he says that
Mr. Stark made use of this language:
" If there is to be any war between the North and South
all my property is for *ale at fifty cents on the dollar, and I
Will go and help the South fight. The palmetto Hatr if mv
fla<r. The southern confederacy is the only lean! srowrn-
ment in existence : tl> a ih<> United States Government i*
bmken up; that Jrff l)avU  •  fighting in a good caus>e, and
it vviii he impossible to deieat him."
Now, observe Mr. President, this conversation,
these statements alleged to have been made by the
claimantof the seat, are alleged to have been made
in Portland, in the State of Oregon, and to have
been made in the month of February. Now, sir,
Jefferson Davis on the 21st of January was in his
seat in this Senate. The confederation was not
formed until "late in February. The news of seces-
sion had not reached Pgrtland, when it is alleged
this affidavit was made. The Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Nesmith] told us that on the 12th of
February, at Acapulco, in Mexico,on his way to
Washington, he heard the intelligence of the se-
cession of South Carolina. Sir, the man who
swears to this affidavit has made an egregious mis-
take. It is an unreliable document.
Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of the
Senator from New York, I desire to correct that.
It appears reported in the Globe that I stated that
I heard that on the 12th of February. I said on
the 12th of January.
Mr. HARRIS. But, sir, still the records show
that on the 21st of January Jefferson Davis was
here. Now, this person who makes this affidavit
swears that in February this applicant said he was
going to join the southern confederacy, and that
Jefferson Davis was fighting in a good cause. Sir,
it js not true. It bears intrinsic evidence of its
inaccuracy. In this connection let me read what
a standard author, whom all lawyers recognizc—
I am reading from Stephens's Blackstone—says of
this sort of evidence:
" I-IowTar mere words spoken by an individual, and not
relative to any treasonable act or design then in agitation,
shall amount to treason, has been formerly matter of doubt.
We have two instances in the reign of Ed waul IV, of per-
sons executed for treasonable words: the one a citizen of
London, who said lie would make his son heir of the Crown,
being the sign of the house m which he lived ; the other a
gentleman, whose favorite buck the King killed in hunt-
ing, whoieupon he wished it, horns and all, in the King's
belly. These were e>teenied hard cum:s, and the Chief Jus-
tice Markhffm rather chose to leave his plaro than assent
to the latter judgment. But now it seems clearlv to be
agreed that by the common law and the statute of Edward
III, words spoken amount only to a high misdemeanor, and
no treason ; for they may be spoken in heat, without any
intention, or be mistaken, perverted, or misremcmbered by
the hearers. Their meaning depends always on their con-
nection with other words and things. They may signify dif-
ferently, even according to the tone of voice with which
they are delivered; and sometimes silence itself is more
expressive than any discourse."
Now, what was the occasion when those words
were uttered; what was the subject of the conver-
sation; what was the connection in which the
words were uttered? It is to be remembered that
the person in question claiming the scatas Senator
from Oregon avows himself to have been a Breck-
inridge Democrat; and, according to my recollec-
tion of the time«, there were many such senti-
ments as are contained in these affidavits uttered
by that class of men, who, up to the fall of Sum-
ter, were loud in their expressions of what would
here be called disloyalty; but from that time we
heard no more of them. There are men now
prominent in our Army, fighting the battles of
our country, as loyal and true to the Constitution
as any member of this body, who up to that pe-
riod were loud in their expressions of sympathy
for the South, and their readiness to aid and assist
the South in any way they could; but from that
time forward, we heard no more of them. Their
attachment to their country, their devotion to the
good old flag of the country would not allow them
to suffer that indignity.
It will be remembered that all these expressions
are alleged to have been made before any knowl-
edge of that occurrence. What does the Senator
himself say ? It has been criticised. In my judg-
ment, he says all that an honorable man could say
under the peculiar circumstanccs of this case. Here
were bitter political opponents seeking to defeat
him in his attempt to take his seat in the Senate.
They undertook to make affidavits, affidavits of
what had occurred months and months before.
How could they recollect the very words ? Some
of them say they cannot. How could they recol-
lect the cii cumstances ? They were affidavits made
under circumstances which repelled the idea of
their strict accuracy. Now what does the Senator
say? I think it is all he ought to be called upon
to say to meet these allegations, these loose affi-
davits:
It is due to myself, however, that I should state that I
have examined all the papeis refencd to by the committee,
rind that t find lliein, without a single exception, to emanate
fjom my bitterest political opponents.
*• While I cannot undertake to recall"—
these affidavit-makers undertook it—
"all that 1 may have baid in pnvate conversations during
the past twelve months of earnest and oiten heated dis-
cussions of public affairs, I do most solemnly declare that
in a forum competent to try and determine the issue, I am
able to prove the allegations against my loyalty to be utteily
unfounded j that, in many important particulars, the decla-
rations of my a&sailants are false; that in others my lan-
guage has been perverted and wrested from its true intent;
and that in every respect the papers referred to arc calcu-
lated and were designed to sustain a theory founded upon
an opinion alike unjust to my true sentiments and discred-
itable to the candor of my accusers."
Now, sir, I do not know what a man could say
in answer to such affidavits. I have asked my-
self the question, what could I do, conscious as
I am of my loyalty to the Government, believing
there is not a man here who is more loyal than
myself, who feels a stronger devotion to the Con-
stitution of his country, who would sacrifice more
than myself—I do not know what more I could
say if similar affidavits were made about me. I
am aware that a criticism has been made upon the
latter part of this communication. There are ex-
pressions there which, in my judgment, are very
heterodox in politics. Views are presented in
that communication to which I could never assent.
But, sir, it is nothing but heresy m politics. I do
not regard them as furnishing any ground upon
which, if the Senator from Oregon were on trial,
we could convict him even of disloyalty.
Then, sir, how does the matter stand? We have
a Senator presenting himself here confessed to
have the constitutional qualifications. It is ob-
jected that he is disloyal, and ex parte affidavits are
presented for the purpose of showing that disloy-
alty. They furnish the most unsatisfactory and
suspicious kind of evidence. They are, as I have
said, evidence upon which we would not rely to
convict for the most petty offense; and yet the
Senate is asked to exclude this Senator from his
seat, to deny Oregon its right of representation
here by its own chosen representative, to put this
indignity upon a sovereign State upon these un-
satisfactory affidavits. It seems to me, sir, that
by doing so we should,as has been well said, in-
flict a,wound upon our Constitution greater, more
severe, more to be deplored, than anything that
the rebels are now tloing. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] that we
cannot afford to do this. It was well remarked
by him, the other day, that we can put down this
rebellion, we can extinguish this attempt to over-
throw our Government, without inflicting any
such wound upon the Constitution, and I most
sincerely hope that a majority of the Senate will
view it m that light.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend from Michi-
gan will excuse me a moment, it is quite evident
we cannotfinish the debate to-night. Many mem-
bers have gone away, and there should be a full
Senate when it is decided; and, therefore, if it is
agreeable to him, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we have got as full
a Senate as we have had at«ny time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot get a vote
to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum here.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There is a quorum here,
to be sure; but many Senators have gone away
who would like to vote upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we adjourn now, this
subject will take all day to-morrow, and will in-
terfere with other business. I do hope it will not
be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rick in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Maine make a
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I make that
motion.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to say that my vote
will be governed by a disposition to accommodate
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but little to say upon
this subject; nnd I do not ask the Senate to ad-
journ on my account.
Mr. CARLILE. If he desires it, I shall vote
for an adjournment; if not, I shall vote against it.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senate cat) consult their
own convenience. 1 do not desire an adjourn-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
VJiAS—Messrs. Browning;, Olaik, Davis, Fessemlen,
Foster, Climes, Howe, Johnson, Kennedy, I.ane of In-
diana, Latham, MeDougall, Nesmith, Pearce, Powell,
