.1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. FISHER. I was saying what has been
said about this man McWhorter. It has been
said that this McWhorter -
" Was one of that unfortunate cJass ofpeopie of this coun-
try who at the present day seem not to awaken much in-
terest, and to whose interests uot much attention is paid,
lie, too, was white
Yes, sir, he is white; but I assert here, and I '
assert it upon my responsibility as a man and as
the Representative of a loyal State—the State of
Delaware, though small she may be—that he is a
disloyal white man, and that as such he is uot of
as muah consideration as a loyal nigger. [Laugh-
ter.] That is my sentiment, and 1 hold myself
bound to answer, here or elsewhere, for my ex-
pression of it.
And now for the testimony. 1 have it here in
writing. This same Charles H. McWhorter,
about the latter part of October, 1861, procured
materials and made a secession flag, and in com-
pany with others—and I will say that one of those
others was, as I have been informed, a nephew
of one of the Senators of the State of Delaware,
Gove Saulsbury, jr.—attempted to hoist it about
midnight upon a flag pole whichhadbeenerected
for the flag of the Union. These, sir, arc some
loyal while men of the State of Delaware, are they?
If they are I claim no fellowship-with them, and
I scorn to be regarded here as the Representative
of such loyal men.
Being the owner of a fast horse which he called
" Jeff* Davis,M after the so-called president of the
confederate States, [laughtor,] and afterexhibiting
said horse at the agricultural fair in Dover at a
trotting match, he called for a Union flag which
was floating near by, and said," take thatdanmed
old rag and wipe out the horse's mouth—it is all
it is fit for."
This is one of the loyal white citizens of the
State of Delaware, is lie? During the autumn of
186J, lie said, in reply to a remark addressed to
him by a gentleman in Dover—and I will here
say that the gentleman in Dover to whom allusion
is made is my law partner—expressive of a desire
to have but one government from the St. Law-
rence to the Gulf ofMexico, "thathe, too, wanted
one government, and that government to be Jeff
Davis's government, and that he wanted the con-
federate flag to float over every State in this
Union."
This is Mr. McWhorter, and he is one of Mr.
Willahd Saulsbury's loyal white citizens of the
State of Delaware. Sir, i claim no fellowship
with that man McWhorter, nor with any man
who stands up here or elsewhere to defend him.
In another conversation he said that he would
make the privilege of killing President Lincoln
the only atonement for the ems of his life. Fur-
ther than that, at a party given at his house,Mc-
Whorter, about the 7th day of March, 1862, im-
mediately before his arrest—to which allusion was
made by the gentleman whose remarks are now
printed in the Baltimore Sun of this morning—
wore a secession badge. And yet this Mr. Mc-
Whorter is a loyal white citizen of the United
States, a loyal citizen of the Union.
Now, sir, a remark has been made elsewhere
in regard to other gentlemen, and among others
in regard to the arrest of John B. Pennington, of
my own town, whose law office is next door to
my own, the captain of the company called the
Hazlitt Guards. As captain of that company he
was arrested by Colonel Wallace, under orders
of General Lock wood, because of the disloyalty
of that company, and their lefusal to give up the j
arms in their possession to the United States au- \
thorities. Now, sir, I will quote a few remarks
made by one of the members of that loyal while
company, who was not arrested, but ought to
have been; and who, I undertake to say upon this
floor, upon my responsibility as the Represent-
ative of the State of Delaware, and upon my own
responsibility as a man, is the nephew of Wil-
lard Saulsbury, who now represents m part the
State of Delaware in the other end of this Capitol.
The evidence is that this nephew of the Senator
from Delaware, Gove SauWbury, jr., in drilling
as a member of the Hazhtt Guards, wore the let-
ters U. S. upside down, and drilled so publicly,
stating that in that form the letters would stand
for confederate States or southern union; and that
be wore upon his person a secession badge.
This is anotherof the loya I white citizens of the
their homes into another State by the military
authority of the United States Government.
At the time of the first meeting held by the
Union men of Kent county in favor of the Union,
in May, 1861, this same Gove Saulsbury, jr.,
declared that he would be glad, to see the United
States flag torn down from the staff whereon it
was floating, and trampled in the dust. This is
a lo)'al citizen of the State of Delaware, and the
loyal nephew of a loyal Senator now represent-
ing the State of Delaware in the Congress of the
United States. In a conversation had in Dover,
he expressed joy and satisfaction over the defeat
of the Union army at Bull Run, and expressed
his hope that every one of the Union troops that
went South might share the same fate as those
who had fallen in that battle.
Here is another evidence of the loyalty of this
Senator from Delaware and his "loyal" nephew!
Nebemiah Lofland, another member of the same
company, on the occasion of a wedding party in
Dover, when a portion of the company were sing-
ing the patiiotic song " Columbia the gem of the
ocean," instead of the words in the chorus " three
cheers for the red, white, and blue," sang " three
cheers for the red, white, and red," thus adapt-
ing that chorus to the confederate flag. In the
spring of 1861, when patriotic citizens were pur-
chasing and wearing the star spangled banner, he
sold from his store, and himself wore, the confed-
erate flag with seven stars on it. In him we have
another loyal white citizen of Delaware, accord-
ing to judgment recently set up for loyalty to the
Union.
Another member of the Hazlitt Guards was
John C. Craig. In divers conversations in Do-
ver he rejoiced, and admitted that he did rejoice,
in the success of the rebels over our forces at Bull
Run in the most public manner, and when two
young gentlemen, members of the Hazlitt Guards,
to which he belonged, were engaged in raising a
company for the United States service, and wished
to drill with said company, he told them they had
no business to engage in raising a company for
,tho Government, and objected to their drilling
with the Hazhtt Guards for that reason. Here is
another sample of the <e loyal" citizens of Dela-
ware, whose defense has been attempted by Mr.
Willard Saulsbury!
John A. Nicholson is another member of that
company. In a conversation during the summer
of J861, at the county buildings, in Dover, he said
openly that the South had cause to secede, that
they had a right to secede, and that they were now
doing right, and just what they ought to do.
Martin B. Hiliyard, about the time when the
Union forces went into Virginia, in a conversa-
tion on the public square in Dover, said he hoped
that the Federal troops that invaded the seceding
States would die by disease, or by bullets, or by
steel. And this is another one of the loyal citi-
zens of the State of Delaware whose defense has
been attempted by Willard Saulsbury!
James M. Wise, another member of the Haz-
litt Guards, of the town of Dover, in which I have
the honor to reside, in a conversation in a store
in Dover, in the autumn of 1861, while looking at
some hats, and having his attention directed to a
representation of the United States flag in the hat,
and told that he ought to buy it on that account,
remarked "damn the stars and stripes," and
.upon being told that he lived under them, replied,
"damn the stars and stripes; I do not want to
live under them any longer." And this is another
one of the " loyal" citizens of the State of Dela-
ware whose defense has been attempted by my
loyal friend, Willard Saulsbury, of the State
of Delaware!
William A. Atkinson, whose name has been
mentioned as one of the oppiessed " loyal" citi-
zens of the State of Delaware, declared in a pub-
lic bar-room in Dover, in the month of January,
1862, that he would sooner have the Emperor of
France to mle over this country than the present
Administration. I, sir, have heard with my own
ears this same man Atkinson, ex-sheriff of the
county ofKent, where I reside, singing to the tune
of Dixie, this song:
"The Union, the Union I once loved so well,
For me may now go down to heil.'1
And that, sir, is one of the " loyal" citizens of
the State of Delaware, of whose arrest so much
complaint has been made.
Robert C. Justis, another member of the Haz-
litt Guards—this loyal company named in honor
of old Colonel John Hazlitt, who fell at the bat-
tle of Princeton in the revolutionary war—on
hearing that the guns in the possession of the
Hazlitt Guards, of which company he is a mem-
ber, would probably be demanded by the United
States authorities, said, "if they come to take
my gun, they will damned soon get the bullet in
it, and that is all the gun they will get." This is
anotherof the "loyal" citizens of the State of
Delaware! John L. Pratt, whose name has also
been paraded *by this Mr. Willard Sauls-
bury 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
reference to a Senator, by name, is not in order.
Mr. FISHER. I am not alluding to any Sen-
ator.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit the
gentleman to mention a Senator by name.
Mr. FISHER. I will say, then, that this man
Pratt, who is Secretary of the Senate of the State
ofDelaware, and to whom allusion hasbeen made
as a good and loyal citizen of that State, when, in
the summer of 1861, a proposition was made by
a Union member of the Hazlitt Guards that said
company should escort a company raised for the
United States service from the town of Dover to
the railroad depot, replied that he was opposed
to escorting men who were recruited to fight men
who had his sympathies.
What men had his sympathies ? Why the men
over here in the land of Dixie, who had raised,
and were at that time prosecuting, the most wicked
and gigantic rebellion that history has yet made
record of. This man was arrested for hurrahing
for Jeff Davis on the visit of Colonel Wallace at
Dover, in March last.
That is another of these " loyal " citizens of
the State of Delaware.
Thomas 0. Culbrcth, another member of this
loyal company, declared, on learning of the fall of
Fort Donelson, that he would sooner have heard
of the death of his only brother, the latter being
a warm Union man.
Outten L. Hill, m the post office at Dover, in
the winter of 1862, openly hurrahed forJcffDavis.
William W. Luders,in divers conversations, has
expressed himself in favor of the rebellion, and
hoped the South would gam their independence.
James Todd has been frequently heard to hur-
rah for Jeff Davis, and in a conversation, the
question having been propounded to him whether
he was or was not a secessionist, replied, "if I
must say what I am, I am compelled to ac-
knowledge myself a secessionist and ^ Jeff Davis
man."
There are a few other members of the Hazlitt
Guards, whose members were arrested by the mil-
itary authority, and whose arrests, as loyal men,
arc so loudly and bitterly complained of.
Joseph G. 0. Harrington, some time in the lat-
ter part of February, 1862, in the Washington
Hotel, at Dover, drank this toast:
" Here's to General Beauregard, whose voice was heard
in thundei-tones on the plains of Manassas, when the Yan-
kee hordes, hke whipped hounds, were driven howling
back to tiieir kennels."
Mr. COX. Will my friend please inform us
whether there are any other people in the State of
Delaware, besides those he has named? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FISHER. Yes, sir; I am proud to say
there are. I had just got through with tins list.
I know it hurtthegentleman from Ohio. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. Oh no; not at all.
Mr. FISHER. I know it pained the gentle-
man. But " let the galled jade go wince, my with-
ers are unwrung." [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman misunderstands my
point.
Mr.FISHER. No,idonot; notatall. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. I was under the apprehension that
he had already made out u majority of the people
of his State to be secessionists.
Mr. FISHER. Oh, no, sir; not a majority.
Mr. COX. I do not sympathize with the class
of people the gentleman has named, and the gen-
tleman knows 1 do not.
Mr. FISHER. I do not know any such thing.
[Much laughter.1 I know that Mr. Cox is a gen-
