2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
certainly and greatly deteriorate to the serious injury of
honest tiadc and honest labor.
2. This bill seems to contemplate no end which cannot
be otherwise more certainly and beneficially attained. Dur-
ing Hie existing war, it is peculiarly the duty of the national
Government to soeuiutothe people a sound circulating me-
dium. Tins duty lias been, under existing circumstances,
satisfactorily performed, in part at least, by authorizing the
is-fcue of United States note", receivable for all Government
dues except custom**, and made a legal tender for all debts
public and private, except interest on the public debt. The
object oi the bill submitted to mo, nameh , thatof pioviding
a small note runency during the present su^pen&ion, can
be fully accomplished by authorizing the issue—as part of
any new emission of United States notes made nccessaiy
by the ^ycumstances of the countiy—of notes of a similar
ciiaractet, but of less denomination than five dollars. Such
an issue would answer all the beneficial purposes of the
bill; would save a eonsadeiable amount to theTieasmy, in
interest 5 would gte.uly facilitate payments to soldiers and
other cieditors of small sums; and would furnish to the
people a currency a< safe as then own Government.
Entertaining the2?'' objections to the lull, 1 fool myself con-
strained to withhold from it my approval, and return it for
the fin titer consideration and action oi Congress.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Junk 23, 1SR2.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the communication
Jic on the table, and be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Tiio motion was agreed to.
NAYV-YAltD AT LEAGU13 ISLAND.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No,
363.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No,
363) to nuthon/.e the Secretary of the Navy to
accept the title tu the League Island, in the Del-
aware river, lor nnvol purposes, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, ft proposes to authorize the ticeietary of
the Navy to receive and accept from the city au-
thorities of the city of Philadelphia the title to
League Island, in the Delaware liver, within the
first ward of Unit city, together with all riparian
rights and privileges theieunio belonging and ap-
peitfiimngj to in; used for mtval purposes by the
Government of the United States*, but it is pro-
vided (hat the tide shall not be accepted and re-
ceived unless it shall be perfect and indefeasible
to the whole island to low-water mark; nor if,
upon more thorough examination and survey of
the premises by a competent board of officers to
be by bun appointed, he shall discover lhat the
public interests will not be promoted by acquiring
thelitis,, il the title shall be accepted and received,
then^for the putpo.JcH of surveys, piling, diedg-
iug, tilling, excavating, building walls, house.s,
and silmps on the island, the bill proposes to ap-
propriate #1200,000.
Mr. (JIUMKS. The events of the past year
have taught n.s many important lessons, among .
the most, valuable of which is the entire truth of
Unit apothegm ol the Father of his Country, that
it is the duty ol thi.x nation " in time of peace to
pi'-patv lor war." When this rebellion began we
Were not only comparatively without an army
and a navy, but we were apparently without the
means of building a navy. The few steam war
vessels belonging to the Government were scat-
tered over the world; the most of our sailing ves-
sels wete dismantled and dilapidated, and nearly
worthless in their best estate; two of our import-
ant navy-yaulx were suirendered to the enemy,
and the remaining ones were contracted in,size and
capacity foi labor, and nearly bereft of material
foi < uction. \et,the Navy was suddenly
called upon to maintain the most extensive block-
ade known in history. The efficiency of that
blockade the whole civilized wot Id knows and has
borne testimony to. Probably no nation ever ex-
hibited such an amount of energy and maritime
resources as has been shown by this country dur-
ing the past year ; certainly no country ever put
afloat such powerful and well-appointed ik-ets in
so short a time, and conducted them with such
eminent sm cess.
Lut tliu gieat danger is that these very successes
may lull us into security fpr the future, and thus
betiay us into danger, if not iirto ruin. It must be
remembered that in tins contest we have deiived
itnnitmse support trom the merchant marine; that
we have had the use oflarge numbers of merchant
steamers, which wete admirably adapted to all of
the purposes of blockade, but which would be com-
parative ly worthless as wai vessels against a great
naval Power. Our picsent war has been against
belligerents who were almost entiiely destitute of
ships, seamen, and naval resources. The light-
draught, light-built steamers with which we have
so well Icept up the blockade upon the southern
coasts, would be but a slender resource to us in case
of a war with England or France. In such an
event we should be constrained to rely upon ves-
sels built for war purposes with heavy armaments,
and, in a great measure, upon iron-clad ships and
floating batteries. Upon this last proposition^
would seem that there could now be no further con-
troversy. The experience of the past few months
has fully demonstrated not only their practica-
bility, but their absolute necessity. No country
can hereafter hold a respectable position among
maritime nations without a reasonable amount of
iron ships in her navy, and, in my opinion, no na-
tion will hereafter be able to successfully defend
her coasts against foreign invasion without the use
of iron floating batteries. A very important ques-
tion, then, presents itself for our solution, namely,
where can such iron vessels be advantageously
built, and where can we best accumulatc matc-
lials, machinery, and appliances for their use,
when the great necessities of war shall be upon
us ? That wo must have such an accumulation of
material and such an organization of means for
the production of such defenses5is unquestioned.
The Secretary of the Navy, in his letter of the
9th of June, calls the attention of Congress spe-
cially to this matter. He says:
" It is not the part of wisdom to close our eyes to the prog-
ress of events, nor to evade the icsponsibilitiea that prop-
el ly belong to in. The creation of anew and different Navy,
biich as the development of science and ait alicady de-
mon-tratc.- as a necessity, calls lor vijjoious measures and
piompt and eiiet«eue .icuou. The Government should not,
in ju-tirp to itself, be dependent on puvate establishments
Ior its mo>f uijpoi tant and expeie-ivc woiks, hut should rely
upon it^ell. Gieatwoiks, howevei, leqiine time in their
propaiation, and lavish expemlmue* eannot hasten them.
Congress has been liberal in its appiopnations tor building
vessels, but these approbations cannot he made available
in obtaining the proper locations and mills, lories, furnaces,
and tdiops, ail of whieh are lequisite, and which, to be se-
cuied piopeily,need time and caieful consideiation.
c* It' the money for these purposes be now appropriated,
we shall commence, under as favoiable circumstances as
any nation, the construction of a Navy adapted to the wants
ot our countiy and the times. No nation can have an ad-
vantage o\ ei us if we avail ourselves of our means and op-
poi tun 1 tie**; and it i-; no longer doubtful that our futuie safety
and wcliaic are dependent on our naval sticngth and effi-
ciency. It is a duty, as well as a necessity, that we make
iheso United States u great naval Tower. We owe it to
ourselves to commence at once this work; and the present
Cornices should, in mv opinion, take the preliminary steps
at the piesent session lor laying the tonndation for the con-
struction ^01'a Navy eoinmenMuate with the wants and mag-
nitude of the countiy. The place or places, the shops and
tools, and other appurtenances foi this gieat work, must be
piovuled in M;a oii, The. expe licnee we have had admon-
ishes us nor lo permit a wai to come upon ns nnpiepared:
vet Mieh an event maybe pending,and the responsibilities
and calamities thai would I olio w iiccrleet should be a warn-
ing foi us to !>e prepared. No amount of money would re-
pair the wtony; that might be inflicted fiom present neglect.
A million 01 two ot dollais, judiciously expended at the
piesent time, may wive hundieds of millions and the honor
ol the nation attcr hostilities shall have comnienccd."
Mr. President, these are wise suggestions, and
we would do well to heed them.
The policy of civilized nations, in their dealings
with each other, is dictated principally by facts
relating to geographical position and commercial
interests. We have not been compelled to maintain
an Army corresponding to those of European na-
tions, only because of out- remoteness from that
continent and the inability of either of those na-
tions to support an army so far as we are from
the center of their supplies. On the ocean our ju-
iisdictions adjoin and become concurrent. Causes
of grievance will constantly aiise, as they have
arisen, but we shall no longer have that great pa-
cificator denominated " king- cotton" between us
to settle onr differences. The days of American
cotton as a political power are numbered and fin-
ished. Hereafter we shall stand like other nations,
able only to maintain and enforce peacc by the
magnitude and completeness of our preparations
foi war, and (hat a naval war. This nation never
need fear any hostile military torce on this conti-
nent. The waibke developments and the mili-
tai y tendencies shown by our people during the
last twelve months ought to satisfy us of that. It
is upon the^water that we must prepare to meet
our lues. These preparations must be, not in the
building of ships alone, but in our ability to build
or repair them speedily and in safety when the
emeigency arises.
Mow, what are onr means of preparation and
supply in the event of a war with a first-class
naval Power? The Secretary of the Navy tells us
that " it is doubtful whether either of our present
navy-yards is adapted to the purposes indicated"
by his letter; " but if so, they will require con-
siderable enlargement;" and "lie asks Congress
" to give authority to designate and procure one
or more suitable locations." He is alive " to the
necessity of making provision for ourselves by
providing the means and conveniences for build-
ing and repairing a Navy such as the strength and
character of our Government and country require,
in order to maintain its true position among mari-
timePowers;"and he tells us that we have not those
means now. I agree with him entirely. Wo have
none of the requisite conveniencesfor building and
maintaining such a Navy as the safety and honor
of the nation require.
I ask the attention of the Senate a few moments
while I contrast the facilities of the navy-yards of
the United States, for building and repairing ves-
sels of war, with those of France and Great Brit-
ain, our great rivals for the commerce of the world,
and the only Governments from which danger
may, therefore, be apprehended. Great Britain
has at
1. Deptford, on the Thames, a navy-yard con-
taining an area of thirty-eight acres, with a wharf
front of seventeen hundred feet. In this yard are
five building slips with iron roofs, two dry docks,
one of which is double, and a wet dock or basin
of two hundred and sixty by two hundred and
twenty feet. It is provided with storehouses ot
various descriptions of immense capacity, and ad-
joining it is the victualing yard with a river front
of ten hundred and sixty feet, and containing a
superficies of nineteen acres.
2. Woolwich,on theThames,has an areaoffifty-
six acres, and has a river front of three thousand
eight hundred and forty feet. In this yard are eight
building slips, three dry docks, and two large wet
basins. The conveniences for building are very
great, the yard containing immense rope-walks,
steam-engine factories, foundeiy, boiler shops,
saw-mills, rolling-mills, &c.
3. Chatham, on the river Medway, has a river
wall of five thousand feet, and a surface of ninety-
five acres, besides the island of St. Mary's, which
adjoins the yard and contains two hundred and
eighty-four acres. In this yard are four dry docks
and ten building slips, two of the latter covered
with iron roofs. The rope-walk at this yaid is
very extensive, employing two hundred and fifty
men constantly. The storehouses, shops, found-
cries, and timber docks, are of the most complete
character and of immense magnitude.
4. Sheerness has a surface of fifty-seven acres,
has one building slip and five diy docks; a wet
basin five hundred and twenty by three hundred
feet, with an area of three and a half acres, a ca-
pacity sufficient to contain ten ships-of-the-line.
Three of the dry docks open into the wet basin.
The building slip is covered with zinc, and the
storehouses and workshops at this yard are fire-
proof, with iron beams.
5. Portsmouth, in the Channel, is the most com-
plete of British dock-yards. It has a surface of
one hundred and fifteen acres, with a fiont whan'
wall of three thousand nine hundred feet. There
are seven building slips, of which five are covered
with iron roofs, and nine dry docks. There are
two wet basins, one of three hundred and ejo-hty
by two hundred and sixty feet, furnishingan'area
of two and one third acres, and into which four
of the dry docks open; and one wet basin two hun-
dred and fifty feet square. There is also a slip of
six hundred and sixty feet long, with a wharf wall
on each side.
6. Plymouth, in the Channel, sometimes called
Davenport, contains ninety-two acres, with a
wharf wall of three thousand five hundred feet. In
this yard there are six building slips, five of them
covered with iron, and five dry docks. There is
here a wet basin of three hundred by two hundred
and eighty feet; a canal or slip, with wharf walls
on each side, from which transports can discharge
or take in cargo, and five piers projecting into the
river, alongside of which vessels of war can lie.
Adjoining this yard is the Iteyham steam factoryi
a Government work,having a water front of thir-
teen hundred feet, a wet basin six hundred and
thirty by five hundred and sixty feet, another ill
progress of seven hundred by four hundred feet,
and three dry docks.
7. Pembroke. at Milford Haven, has an area ot
