1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
seventy-seven acres, a water front of two thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-six feet, one dry
dock, and fourteen building slips, of which six
are covered with iron. This is one of the princi-
pal building yards of Great Bntain.
Besides the seven yards 1 have enumerated, there
are conveniences belonging to the British Govern-
ment for building and repairing vessels at Deal
and Yarmouth, though they are only used in time
of war. They have also the same facilities at Gib-
raltar, at Malta, where there are a dry dock and
factories of various kinds sufficient for their Med-
iterranean squadron, Bermuda, Bombay, Ascen-
sion, Antigua, Jamaica, Cape of Good Hope,
Trincomalee, and Hong Kong.
The French navy-yaids are of even greater size
and capacity than the English.
Cherbourg has an area of two hundred and fifty-
six acres, with twelve building slips, seven dry
docks, and three immense wet basins.
Brest extends on each side of the river for the
length of about three miles, has an area of one
hundred and thirty-one acres, with eleven build-
ing slips, and six dry docks.
L'Orient has a surface of about two hundred
acres, sixteen building slips, and two huge dry
docks.
Rockefort has an area of three hundred acres,
extending on both sides of the river, with ten
building slips, and three dry docks.
Toulon has an area of two hundred and forty
acres, twenty building slips and eight dry docks.
At Indret, on the Loire, the French have an im-
mense establishment for making steam machinery
for the navy, and building iron vessels, but it is
carefully kept from inspection by foreigners, and
hence but little is known of it.
At Dunkirk they have a wet basin and building
slips.
At Havre two building slips,
And at Bayonne several building slips and a
basin, which are only used in time of war.
Let us now turn fiom these magnificent estab-
lishments of France and England to the pigmy
navy-yards of the United States. We have upon
the Atlantic coast six yards, including the one at
Norfolk, now destroyed, besides one at Pensa-
cola, also destroyed, and one on the Pacific coast
at Mare Island, which is in a very incomplete
condition.
The yard at Portsmouth embraces an area of
sixty-three and one eighth acres—four and seven
eighths acres require to be filled to make it avail-
able. Being on an island, it can furnish about one
thousand feet of water front, has one floating dock
and three building slips.
The Boston (Charlestown) yard has a surface
of eighty and three eighths acres, sixteen and one
eighth acres of which are marsh and accretions,
and unavailable, and a frontage of only about six
hundred feet that is of any value. This yard has
one stone diy dock and three building slips.
The New York (Brooklyn) yard has an area of
eighty and one quarter acies, and thirty-nine and
five eighths acres which are flats which require to
be filled up, making an aggregate of one hundred
and nineteen and seven eighths acres. This yard
has an available frontage of twelve hundred feet,
one stone dry dock and two building slips.
The Philadelphia navy-yard has a surface of only
fifteen and three eighths acrcs, one and one eighth
acre of which requires to be filled to make it use-
ful to the Government. Here are a floating dock,
two building slips, and a water front of about six
hundred feet.
In Washington, the yard has an area of forty-
one and seven eighths acres, one and seven eighths
of which is marsh; a useful frontage of nine hun-
dred feet on the water, two building slips, and no
dock of any kind.
The yards at Norfolk andPensacola are almost
wholly destroyed, and whether rebuilt or not,
•should be left out of the account of our available
resources in the way of docks, slips, machinery,
supplies, and means for mat itime defense. But let
them stand with Mare Island .against Havre, Dun-
kirk, and Bayonne, in France, and Key ham, Deal,
Yarmouth, Gibraltar Malta, Bermuda, &c., of
Great Britain, and the comparison will be as fol-
lows: England has an area within the seven prin-
cipal navy-yards on the British isles, of five hun-
dred and thirty acres, and including the island
of St. Mary's, eight hundred and fourteen acres,
with a wharf frontage, not including slips, canals,
and artificial basins, of twenty-four thousand one
hundred and ninety-six feet, or nearly five miles;
forty-one building slips, twenty-nine dry docks,
and seven immense wet basins. France has an
area within herfive principal navy-yards, of eleven
hundred and twenty-nine acres, between ten and
twelve miles of wharf front, seventy-five building
slips, and twenty-six dry docks. We have in our
remaining navy-yards an area of two hundred and
eighteen and one eighth acres, an available water
frontage of only four thousand three hundred feet,
twelve building slips, and four dry docks, two of
which are comparatively worthless.
Such are our meager facilities for building and
repairing wooden ships; and for building or re-
pairing iron ships we have no facilities whatever
anywhere.
The contrast between the United States and
Great Britain or France, in the number of shops,
founderies, storehouses, and amount of materials
on hand, adapted to naval construction, is even
greater than in the extent of yards, frontage, slips,
docks, and basins.
It needs no argument to convince the most
skeptical, who will examine these figures, that our
preparations for war are not such as they should
be, and that the Secretary of the Navy acted wisely
when he reminded us of the necessity of " mak-
ing the necessary provision for ourselves, by pro-
viding the means and conveniences for building
and repairing a Navy such as the strength and char-
acter of our Government and country require, in
order to maintain its true position among mari-
time Powers."
The bill under consideration authorizes the se-
lection of League Island, in the Delaware river,
for the purposes of a navy yard, and looks to the
abandonment and sale of the present yard in Phil-
adelphia. It is proposed to erect on this island the
necessary works for rolling plates and building
iron vessels. The whole argument in favor of this
proposition is thus summed up by the Secretary,
and to which I can add nothing:
"The Government lias several large navy-yards foi build-
ing ships ; and the introduction ol steam—which is neces-
sary for, and made applicable to, all naval vessels now con-
structed—has compelled xt to erect extensive shops for
making strain machinery. But the^e shops are inadequate
to the wants of the Navy, and for some yeais it will he
necessaiy under any circumstances to contract for much the
larger portion of the work that will he required.
'' It is now geneially conceded that vessels for fighting
purposes must be heavily plated with lion, if they aie not
buiH entirely of that matenal. In tins, as in most costly
fabric?, economy is reached through durability. Iron fchip-
building is new m this country; but few peisons aie en-
gaged in it, and it is a novelty in our navj-jards. Heavy
iron beams, shafting, and thick lion plates, can be piocured
from only two or thiee paitie«, and then in limited quanti-
ties, and'subject togicat delay. Individuals have little use
for iron of such magnitude as the Navy must have, and there
must unavoidably be great outlay to prepare tor the execu-
tion of such work. With only the Navy for a purchaser,
there can be no competition, and the Government will be
compelled, under such circumstances, to pay almost any
price the mills and foigcs may demand. No inconsiderable
portions of an iron ship can be made and piocured at the
oidmaiy mills, and, so far as it can be done, it may be the
best policy to be so supplied ; but the hcavj and expensive
portions cannot bfc so procured, and unless the Govei nmrnt
is pie pared to execute the woik, it will be subject to impo-
sition, and its vessels to marked inferiority."
The capacity of our present yards is wholly inad-
equate to the erection of the contemplated works,
unless one of the largest shall be entirely aban-
doned for the purpose for which it is now used, and
that will be unadvisable. No one believes that
iron vessels will entnely supeisede wooden ones.
Our cruisers will continue to be piincipally built
of wood, and their ports of departure will bo New
York, Boston, and Portsmouth. At those ports
they will be built and repaired. It has been the
policy of all Governments, and it ought to be our'
policy, to make different yaids its principal man-
ufactories and depots of certain articles, as of cord-
age at one, anchors and chains at another, ordnance
at another, wooden ships at another, and iron ves-
sels at another. For the manufactuie of the latter
class of vessels, League Island possesses peculiar
advantages, and of those I propose now to speak.
The advantages of this position for the purposes
for which it is pai ticularly desired are, m my opin-
ion, unsurpassed by any other on the Atlantic or
Gulf coasts.
1. It contains the requisite amount of land.
There are on the island four hundred and nine acres
of what iscalled ''fast land,"being high,dry,and
tillable, susceptible of use without embankment
or other preparation; one hundred and twenty-
four acres of marsh land east of Broad street, and
sixty-seven acres west of Broad street, embracing
in the aggregate an area of six hundred acres, or
more than five times the area of the largest of our
present navy-yards, and twice the size of the
largest yard in Europe.
2. The island possesses the necessary amount
of frontage upon the water, which is a most im-
portant consideration, and the want of which is
one of the great defects of all our present yards.
The water front of the island will extend six miles,
furnishing room for mooring in safety all the ves-
sels in our present Navy, and all we shall be likely
to have for many years to come. The sum of money
to be saved in warping vessels in and out of slips
when a change in their positions may be neces-
sary, and in wharfage and rent of docks, where
private property is used, will be very great in the
course of a single year, and, of course, greater in
the lapse of time and the necessary additions to
our Navy. By possessing an expansive frontage
workmen, materials, and stores, can be placed on
board at the wharf, instead of being put on board
of tenders and transported into the stream, as is
required to be done at all of our yards where there
is an insufficiency of frontage, as there is in a pe-
culiar degree at the Philadelphia yard at the pres-
ent time.
3. There is an abundant depth of water for all
of the purposes of Government. Along the outer
shore of the island, near to its edge, and for more
than three miles in length, there is a sufficient
depth of water to float the largest class of war
vessels.
4. The greatest advantage of this location, and
that which, taken in connection with the frontage
and depth of water, places it far beyond any
rival, is the fact that the yard would be in water
wholly fresh. It is a well-known fact that iron
corrodes and decomposes in salt much more rap-
idly than in fresh water, and hence that the en-
duiance of an iron vessel, when either in service
or laid up in ordinary, is much greater in fresh
than in salt water. Nor is this ail. Iron vessels
when exposed to the action of salt water for a
considerable period of time, and especially in
warm climates, become foul by the accumulation
of marine crustacsea, thus not only lessening their
speed and injuring the vessels, but requiring them
to be taken into dry dock to be scraped. As an
illustration of this fact, the iron blockading vessel
South Carolina, after a service of nine months in
the Gulf of Mexico, had her speed reduced by
the accumulation of barnacles, sea-weed, and
other marine nuisances, from twelve to six knots
an hour, requiring her to be sent north to be
cleaned. Had the Philadelphia navy-yard been
in a condition to receive her, and complete her
other necessary repairs, her passage through the
fresh water of the Delaware river from Newcas-
tle, which is practically the limit of the saltwater,
would of itself have cleared her bottom of those
impediments as perfectly as it could have been
done by mechanical means.
It is hardly doubted by any one that iron ves-
sels are hereafter to constitute our principal reli-
ance for harbor defense. It wiil unquestionably
be the policy of the Government to keep these
vessels, when not required for active service, in
some secujo place where they will be as little lia-
ble to decay as may be, and where the largest pos-
sible number can be put in repair and dispatched
to the threatened points at the shortest notice. Ex-
perience may show the necessity or economy of
keeping such vessels in dry slips, in which case
the capacity of this island will by no means ex-
ceed the necessities of the Government. Should
it be otherwise, and should it be deemed advisable
to dismantle and moor them in wet docks in time
of peace, the value of League Island for a naval
station may be more correctly estimated when 1
say that it is the opinion of naval officers and of
scientific experts that an iron vessel will last more
than ten times longer in fresh than in salt water.
The United States iron steamer Michigan was
built in 1844, has been in continuous service in the
fresh-water lakes of the North eighteen years, and
has had no repairs to her hull, which is appar-
ently as perfect as it ever was. In salt water her
bottom would probably have been destroyed ten
years ago.
5. The proximity of the island to a large mari-
time and manufacturing city is one of its greatest
advantages for a naval station. Whenever an
