1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
tleman; that is all I know about him. I do not
know anything of his sympathies, whether they
arc for or against the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to call mem-
bers by name.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will answer
one question frankly, and it ia this: whether that
horse Davis" which he has spoken of is a
good running horse? [Laughter.]
Mr. FISHER. No, he does not run at all. He
is a trotter. [Renewed laughter.] I hope if the
gentleman has taken anything by his motion, he
will make the most of it in the great State of Ohio.
These, sir, arc a few of the members of the loyal
company, commanded by the loyal Captain John
B. Pennington, who has been held up to the world
as st persecuted martyr of liberty. Such are a few
of the men whose defense as true patriots has been
vainly attempted. From one—nay, sir, not from
one, but from many—know the charactcr of all
those who have been arrested in my State, and
whose arrests have been so loudly complained of
by secession sympathisers, and that of their de-
fender, Nay, sir, I will not resthis characterhcrc,
but I now declare that he who has undertaken that
defense, scarcely a year ago declared to me, on the
holy Sabbath, with a bitterness which shocked
me, that he would be glad to have it in his power
to hang Lincoln and Jeff Davis upon the same tree.
Now, sir, when I hear a man complain that all the
world are rogues, I am convinced that there is one
rogue at least in it; so when a man attempts to de-
fend others as loyal who are the avowed friends of
Jeff Davis, and expresses a desire to hang Davis
and Lincoln upon the same tree, I take him to
mean to hang Lincoln if he can, and let Davis go
scot free. Now, sir, the question was asked mo
by the gentleman from Ohio whether I had not
gone through the entire list of the population of
the State of Delaware. I say, no, I have not. I
may have gone through a considerable portion
of the list of this wicked Breckinridge secession
party, of which 1 fear my friend from Ohio was a
member.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I was not. [Laughter.]
Mr. FISHER. 1 beg pardon. I learn that the
gentleman was a Douglas man, and that, with me,
will be sufficient to hide a multitude of past sins.
Mr. COX. if the gentleman does not state his
facts a little better, we will not be able to believe
all he said; and I am inclined to do so. I do not
want him to discredit himself by making any such
statement as he has just made.
Mr. FISHER. 1 understand the gentleman
from Ohio voted for Stephen A. Douglas. If so,
I give him credit for it.
Mr. COX. " Voted for him!" I went for him,
heart, soul, and boots. [Laughter.]
Mr. FISHER. I was only giving a few in-
stances of disloyalty, and was going on to state
that of this Haziitt company, from which these
arrests were made, out of less than forty mem-
bers 1 have given a list of twenty or more con-
victed of expressing sentiments disloyal to the
Union and the Constitution of the country. So
far as the Douglas men, the Bell men, and the
Lincoln men are concerned, and, I am proud to
say, some who voted for Breckinridge, but who
deserted him when he deserted his country's cause,
Delaware stands to-day where she stood m 1776.
She regards the Union of the States in the same
light as the Jews regarded the ark of the covenant
—as something which no man might dare to touch
with profane hands and live. Sir, the majority
of my people are loyal, and I hope and trust m
God that they will ever continue to be loyal to the
Union, the Constitution, and the enforcement of
the laws.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Now, Mr. Speaker, to leave
this inappropriate but very entertaining matter, I
ask leave of the House to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole House from the consideration
of House bill No. 379.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I owe the gentleman an
objection, and I want to pay him. [Laughter.]
1 object. I
J JOHN CONARD. !
Mr. CRISFIELD asked and obtained leave to 1
have withdrawn from the files of the House the 1
papers in the case of John Conard, late United
States marshal of the district of Pennsylvania.
And tlien, on motion of Mr. SHEFFIELD, (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House j
adjourned till Monday next. j!
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 5, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LATHAM presented a petition of citizens
of Nevada Territory, praying for the establish-
ment of a semi-weekly mail route from Susan-
viiie, California, to Humboldt City, Nevada Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Vernon Springs, Howard county, Iowa, pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal between
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Manitowoc, in the State of Wisconsin, praying
for the construction of a ship canal between Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying that the " freedom of
speech and of the press shall not be abridged,"
and that " the New York Caucasian and all other
Democratic papers now excluded from the mails
be allowed the same privileges as Republican and
abolition papers;" which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
the city of New York, praying for the passage of
a general uniform bankrupt law; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Sarah A. Mower,
widow of Thomas G. Mower, late a surgeon in
the regular Army of the United States, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of James M. Beebe & Co. and others,
merchants of Boston, remonstrating against the
adoption of the system of taxation proposed by
the Boards of Trade of Boston and New York,
recommending a tax on all sales of merchandise;
which was referred to the Committee on Financc.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of W. C.
Jewett, praying for constitutional popular senti-
ment to govern, through a restoration of the free-
dom of the press, opposing European dictation,
reurging an increase of the Army and Navy to
cover the South and a reserve North to check now
European southern sympathy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Bris-
tol, Pennsylvania, praying for the location of a
national armory and foundery on Burlington or
Matinicunk Island, midway between Burlington,
m the State of New Jersey, and Bristol, in the State
ofPcnnsylvania, in the liver Delaware; which was
refeired to the select committee on the subject of
a national armory and foundery.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thatcher Per-
kui-s arid William McMdhon, piaying an extension of their
patent for an improvement m the wheels of locomotive en-
gines, on the flies of the Senate, he lefeired to the Com-
mute*' on Patents and the Patent Office.
BOUNTY TO DISCHARGED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. TEN EYCK submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
theMihtja be ni&tiucted to inquire into the propriety of ex-
tending the pioviMuns ot the art of July, "2-2, let)], whirl!
allows ^'JOO to volunteer? when honorably discharged, who
shall have served two jears or during the wai, to such vol-
unteers ns may have been or heteatter may be employed
under that act, and who may have been or hcroafiei may
be doubled by wounds or Mckiiess> and honorably di&chatged
fiom service.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. SAULSBUFcY, from the Committee on
Patents and tin* Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Edward Hartc, of San Fran- (
cisco, praying payment for services rendered in j|
the preparation of the repot l of the Commissioner ij
of Patents on the census of 1-850, submitted a re- ,
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No, 299j for the
relief of Rose M. Harte, widow of Edward Harte;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No. 298)
donating; public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for'the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to b<? printed.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
300) granting to the State of California the tract
of land known as the Colorado Desert, for the
purpose of introducing a sufficient supply of fresh
water upon and over the same; which was read
twicc by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. No. 78) to suspend
all payments under the act approved March 25,
1862, entitled " An act to secure to the officers and
men actually employed in the western department,
or department of Missouri, their pay,bounty, and
pension," and for other purposes.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 79) in relation to an exchange of prisoners;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. CARLILE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
301) to securc to the citizens of the United States
their right to personal liberty; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CARLILE. The object of this bill is to
regulate by law the power of arrest exercised by
the President through Government officials, and
it is upon the suggestion that I think was made
at the summer session by the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull.] I olfer it that it may get be-
fore the committee while they have under con-
sideration a bill which was submitted a few days
ago by the Senator from Ohio, and referred -to
that committee. I move that this bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE 3TUOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirving;
A bill (No. 163) for the benefit of the legal rep-
resentatives of John McLaughlin;
A bill (No. 166) for the relief of the surviving
children of Israel Frisbie, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (No. 194) for the relief of Joseph B.
Eaton;
A bill (No. 195) for the reciprocal relinquish-
ment ofceitain claims between the United States
and the representatives of Robert Brent, deceased;
A bill (No. *218) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Fiederick F, Brose, deceased;
A bill (No. 272) for the relief of Brigadier
General Joseph G. Totten;
A bill (No. 273) for the relief ofThomas Fors-
ter;
A bill (No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley for his
claim and impiovements taken from him by the
Omaha reservation,in theTeiritoiyofNebraska;
A bill (No. 329) for the relief of John Gould-
ing;
A bill (No. 345) for the relief of George B.
Simpson;
A bill (No. 444) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide increased revenue from imports, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 5, 1861; and
A bill (No. 454) for the relief of the register
of the land office at Vmcennes, Indiana, and for
other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the Housi> of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (>S. No. 177) fur the relief of Sylves-
