2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
extra force of mechanics or seamen are required,
or an extra supply of naval stores needed, they
can be procured at short riotice and at no extra
expense. It is well known that whenever such
extra force was required at the southern yards,
neither of which were near a large industrial pop-
ulation accustomed to such labor, the costof pro-
curing the necessary craftsmen was much greater
than at Charlestown, Brooklyn, or Philadelphia.
The men had to be transported at Government
expense, extra wages were demanded, and the
laborers in almost every instance were clamorous
to be retained permanently because of alleged loss
of situations at home. Nor could sailors bt; pro-
cured at those yards in an emergency, except by
sending to the northern cities to recruit, always
an expensive process, and generally consuming
weeks of time, the value of which could not be
computed in money. The great advantages of a
Government establishment of this kind in prox-
imity to a large mechanical population, whose
leading pursuit is the fabrication of iron in its
various forms and for its numerous purposes, can-
not be over-estimated.
6. Another consideration of the highest import-
ance is the susceptibility of League Island for per-
fect defense against foreign invasion or domestic
insurrection. The channel of the Delaware, al-
though affording a sufficient depth of water at all
times, is so narrow and tortuous for a distance of
one hundred miles above its mouth that a ship in
tho hands of any other than an experienced pilot,
especially with the buoys removed, would have
the greatest difficulty in reaching Philadelphia at
till. If tho present defenses should be considered
liisuflieient, a single martello toweron theedge of
the channel, mounted witJi an iron turret like that
of the Monitor, would command the approach to
the island from tho sea more completely than
Foitress Monroe commands Hampton Roads or
Fort Sumter the harbor of Charleston. A succes-
sion of such towers would cost less than anyone
of our large coast fortifications. So faras station-
ary defenses may be relied on, there can hardly
be any ny.stem more efficient than this. The island
is even more susceptible of defense against a do-
mestic insurrection, being cut off from the Penn-
sylvania shore by a deep natural moat fifty feet
in width. No assault could bo made upon it ex-
cept by vessels, in winch, of course, the Govern-
ment would have such a superiority that 110 attempt
to capture the yard would over lie luizardud, even
if wr suppose I bat the materials fir tin insurrec-
tion of that kind would ever be found in the vicin-
ity of Philadelphia.
7. The accessibility of coal and iron commends
League Island very strongly to our favor. Situ-
ated at the junction of the Delaware and Schuyl-
kill rivers, it is the natural entrepot of the whole
anthracite coal trade of the United States. Tho
stenni power necessary to the maintenance of a
modern navy is here obtainable at the smallest
cost. Pennsylvania, if not possessing the laigest
iron resources to be found ill the country, cer-
tainly has those resources in by far tho highest
state of development and in close proximity to
the sea-board. Philadelphia is the great ironmon-
gering metropolis of the country. Her furnaces
and shops are numbered by hundreds, her arti-
ficers by thousands, and her capital invested in
the production of iron by millions.
8. The island is below the bend in the Delaware,
and hence mainly out of danger from ice goiges,
from which (he present yard suffers to a consid-
erable extent; and yet it should be remarked that
the river Delaware is seldom closed by ice—the
only point on the Atlantic where fresh water can
be obtained that is not closed two or three months
in the year.
9. It is to be observed also that the insular po-
sition of the proposed yard will effectually estop
corrupt speculations in real estate, so far as the
Government propeity is concerned. It will be
impossible for jobbers to besiege Congress with
any degicc of plausibility or hope of'success to
buy I he adjoining lots at fabulous prices, and I can
hardly conceive of any other than an insular po-
sition which will debar the tribe of speculators
and lobbyists from all chances of successful assault
upon the 'l'l easury. -
10. The selection of this site for a navy-yard
will save to the Government just the sum at which
the present yard in Philadelphia can be. sold, the
estimated value of which is $1,800,000. That we
must have a yard at which iron vessels can be built
is, I think, admitted. Were it established at any
other place than Philadelphia, the yard at that
place would be continued, with its officers and
large annual expense. Established on League Isl-
and, the present yard would be vacated and sold,
and the cost of keeping up the present establish-
ment saved. The price that could be realized for
it.would nearly equip and complete the yard on
the island.
The city of Philadelphia has purchased League
Island, with all its riparian rights and privileges,
at a cost of $309,000, and tendered it to the Gov-
ernment for naval purposes. Of course the city
expects to be, and ought to be, greatly benefited
by its acceptance. It will be benefited by the en-
hanced value of the corporation property in the
vicinity of the island bequeathed by Stephen
Girard; by the laying out of streets through the
present navy-yard; by the increase of deep-water
dockage for commercial purposes; by the valua-
ble property added to its assessment lists for tax-
ation; and by the large mechanical establishments
that must be developed on the island. All this is
legitimate and proper. Other things being equal,
the money of the Government should be expended
so as to strengthen and benefit the largest number
of citizens possible. But, while Philadelphia will
thus be greatly aided in its prosperity, the advant-
age to the Government by this selection will be
far greater than at any other place. When I con-
sider the capacity of the site—its insular position,
tho character and depth of the water by which it
is surrounded, its susceptibility of defense, its
proximity to a largo mechanical population and
commercial city, its proximity to the great coal
and iron fields of Pennsylvania, and the economy
of substituting this for the old yard, I have no
hesitation in saying that 1 know of none, and I
have heard of none, on this continent, that can
fairly come in competition with it as the great
iron navy-yard of the United States.
CONFISCATION OS REBEL PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the consideration of this
bill is superseded by the special order of the day.
The special order is the bill (H. R. No. 471) to
confiscate tho property of rebels for the payment
of the expenses of the present rebellion, and for
other purposes. The pendingquestion is on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clakk,] to striko out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, and insert the substance of the bill re-
ported from the select committee of the Senate.
Both these piopositions are now before the Seri-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, for consider-
ation, and both are open to amendment for the
purpose of perfecting them before the question
shall bo taken on substitution, or on striking out
and inserting. Upon this question the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbcry] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, nearly
sixty years ago, when Napoieon was at the zenith
of his power, M. de Chateaubriand penned these
words:
" When, in the silence of abjectsulimission, we hear only
the chains of the slave and the voice of the informer; when
all tiemblebefoic the tyiant,an<i it is as dangeious to incur
favor as to meiit disgrace, the histoiian appears to be
charged with the vengeance of nations. It i3 in vain that
Neio triumphs. Tacitus has been born in the empiie; he
giovvs up, unnoticed, near the ashes of Gennanieus, and
alioady uncninpunmsiiig t'rovidenee has handed over to an
obseuio child ihe gloiy of the master ot the world."
Sir, let tho wicked imitators of the cruelties of
the bloody Nero, and the oppressions of the
haughty empeior, ponder well the utterances of
Chateaubriand. History has not only a voice, she
bears a scourge. Some future Tacitus shall yet
do justice to the genius of our free but violated in-
stitutions, and transmit, embalmed in merited and
everlasting infamy, for the execration of future
generations, the names and actions of those who,
charged with a nation's weal, have produced a na-
tion's woe. If, m anticipating to some extent
to-day the historian's task, I shall speak plainly,
and with somewhat of unwonted feeling, a deep
sense of duty to my countrymen will constitute
my full justification.
The times are sadly out of joint. Ruin and
destruction lie immediately in our pathway. The
passions, not (he judgment of men, control their
action. The fondest hopes of the patriot may
in-a moment be forever blasted. Whether even
now it is possible to escape final and irretriev-
able shipwreck is a problem which the wisest are
unable to solve. It is time, high time, that the
representatives of the States and of the people
should cry aloud and spare not. It is time that
the American people should arouse themselves
from the lethargy that enervates and the false se-
curity that deludes them. Born to an inheritance
of freedom, they should not passively submit to
be slaves. Unless they mean to shame a noble an-
cestry, and bequeath a name of infamy to their
posterity, they should at oncc awake to the dan-
gers of the present, and provide against the fore-
shadowed calamities of the future. Aibitraiy and
despotic power, notsatisfied with trampling upon
every constitutional right of the citizen,has Pr0~
fanely dared to invade the temple of justice, and
dragged her minister from her altar. He who in-
vades the sanctuary of justice and interrupts the
due course of its administration proves himself a
tyrant capable of any assaults upon theliberties
of the people. That people are madly blind who,
witnessing such acts of usurpation, fail to demand
with more than baron-like firmness the reaffirm-
ance of the Magna Charta of their liberties.
Underthe pretenseof suppressing a causeless re-
bellion, the executive and legislative departments
of this Government are, in my opinion, daily en-
gaged in the grossest violations of the fundamental
law. If in times of peace the Constitution is the
surest protection of the citizen, in time of civil war
it is his only hope of safety. When skies are
clear, when seas are calm, and winds are lulled,
the mariner treads with unconcern the deck of his
ocean home. It is only when waves run high and
skies are dark and tempests howl, that with un-
faltering grasp he trusts the helm to guide him
safely through the storm. Sir,daiknessand night
have set in around us as a nation. Would that
"the night were far spent and that day was at
hand." But alas! the watchmen can give no signs
of promise. The hope of the most hopeful begins
to fail him, and a nation is solemnly inquiring
whether it must not cease to be. Sir, I propose
to-day before the tribunal of my countrymen to
make solemn and impartial inquisition of blood.
Who are they that have murdered constitutional
liberty and destroyed our Federal Union ? Day
after day, since this session has commenced, false
teachers have uttered their sayings, and false
prophets have prophesied to the people. Making
wide their political phylacteries, they stand in the
chief places of tho political synagogue that they
may be seen and heard of men.
Having deliberately chosen, by the rejection of
every honorable and peaceful mode of adjustment,
the arbitrament of the sword, they have plunged
the country into all the horrors of civil war, and
now that the work of their hands is upon them,
they shout aloud their devotion to the Union, and
evidence their sincerity by attempting the destruc-
tion of the liberties of the people. They even as-
sume to sit in judgment upon the motives and
action of those who have independence enough to
condemn, and love of country enough to resist, the
consummation of their schemes for the permanent
severance or destruction of the Federal Union.
With pharisaical coolness they stand in the public
places and impiously thank God that they are not
as other persons are, or even as those who will
not join them in their ruthless war upon the Con-
stitution of the country. Measures grossly and
palpably unconstitutional are deliberately pre-
sented for adoption, and he who questions their
propriety, or refuses his support of them, is,
according to their standard of judgment, either in'
different to the country's interests or traitorous in
design against them. It is my-purpose, in part,
to-day, to strip assumption of its false pretensions,
and to expose to public view the real authors and
abettors of my country's rum. They strut the
hour, dressed in a little brief authority, but the
great day of judgment is at hand, and fortunate"
for many of those whose administration of office
and power has been characterized by cruelty and
injustice, if there shall be found hiding places amid
the rocks and mountains in which they may
shelter from the popular storm. From my place
in this Council Chamber of the nation I soy to my
countrymen that it is my deliberate and solemn
conviction that either abolitionism or constitu-
tional liberty must forever die. The two cannot
exist together. Abolitionism has for the time
being dissolved the Union. While it lives and
