9*76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
fide inhabitant of Virginia, so far as can be ascertained—on
tin* fourth Monday of May last appeared as the represent-
ative of said seventh district.
No one appeared to contest his right, since no person in-
terested thereunto had any intimation whatever that any
such right was pretended. On the contrary, it was matter
of the most common notoriety that no election of a Repre-
sentative, either m form or substance, had been held in a
single precinct of the district.
- The urgent necessity for an immediate organization of
the House precluded, at that time, any inquiry into minor
matters*, and the said Upton was accordingly admitted and
sworn in as a member, without examination of his cre-
dentials.
The grounds upon which the said Upton claims to rep-
resent the Joyal population of said district are entirely un-
known to your memorialist and to all those who partici-
pated in the election lately held, on the fourth Thuisday of
October.
It is believed a slight examination will show that the
claim rests upon no foundation whatever, and it is respect-
fully submitted that a decent regard for the rights and feel-
ings of those interested requnes that buch examination
shall be made.
On behalf, therefoie, of them and of himself, your me-
morialist desires that the House, by its proper committee,
will make due inquiry in the premises and dispose of the
subject-matter in such way as the rights and interests of ail
concerned may appear to require.
S. FERGUSON BEACIl.
Alexandria, Virginia,November 29, 1861.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
Also a message notifying the House that he did,
on the 25th instant, approve and sign bills of the
following titles:
An act (EL R. No. 200) making additional ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending 30th of June, 1862; and
An act (H. It. No. 240) to authorize the issue
of United States notes, and for the redemption or
funding thereof, and for funding the floating debt
of the united States.
CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. WORCESTER. A resolution was adopted
by the House on the 9th of Dccen^ber, requiring
the contestant to serve upon the sitting member
notice of the grounds upon which ho claimed his
Beat here; also fixing the time when the sitting
member should serve upon the contestant an an-
swer; also stating the grounds upon which he
claimed his seat.
Subsequent to the passage of this resolution, the
contestant served upon the sitting member, as the
grounds upon which he claimed the seat in con-
troversy, a copy of his memorial. To that me-
morial, or to the specifications therein contained,
the sitting member, within the rule presciibed by
the*House, served upon the contestant his answer,
to a portion of which I will ask the attention of
the House:
" That there was a condition of things in Virginia, as you
set foith, in the month of Maylast,andatthereguiai period
for holding congiessional and other elections, which made
any attempt to adhere to the national standmd, and rally
the loyal people of Virginia thereto, both difficult and dan-
gerous} is mo.st true ; hut that there was no poll opened in
the seventh district at that tune is untrue; and in answer
to your earelully worded clmige, that < not a single poll is
believed to have been opened,' I will, at the piopei time,
of which you will be duly notified, piove by the totlnmtiy
Of the conductor and one o&more of the eoinmi*Monen  foi
holding the election at Hairs Cross Roads, m Alexandria
county, that a poll was then and theie, on the day of
May, being the fourth Thursday ot May, regulaily opened
foi a inembci of Congress.
As to the proclamation of Governor Pin pont, to which
you icier, I call upon you to lay ltbeloie the Committee of
F,lection*, that they may see whethei u gave Uieciu/,en*of
Alexatidi la any authority for th<> -top they took, oi whether
it relfired only to * vacant and unrepievented distncK'
" As to the election held in the city of Alexandiiaon the
fouith Thuisday of October last, I have only to say that I
took no notice of it, nor those concerned in it. But if the
newspaper-, of the day are to be leliod on, and theie weie,
a* 1 believe, mote than livehundied Union citizens then in
Alexandria; and as Ie>s than one hundiPd and fifty votes
aie said to have been cast on that day, it leaves the grati-
fying inference to me that a large majority of the loyal cit-
izens there regarded the movement to embarrass me as both
ungfiierou's and illegal.
"What you say about my foimer residence in Ohio is
immatenal; but when you represent that • one Ciiailes II.
Upton wa^ not even n bona fide inhabitant o) Virginia, j-o
far as can be ascertained, on the fouith Monday of Mav
last,' I am compelled to believe that you have not made
very strenuous ellurts to ' ascertain' this very important
fact. At any Kite, f will produce testimony to remove all
obscurity upon this point "
The law regulating contested elections provides
that to furnish authority toa person to appear in
this House in the character of a contestant, he
should serve upon the sitting member the grounds
upon which he claims to contest his right to aseat
in this House. These grounds must be stated spe-
cifically. The law further provides that the sitting
member, after receiving the notice of the contest-
ant, shall serve upon the contestant his answer,
either affirming or denying the several allegations
contained in the specifications. And he is required
further, if he has grounds besides those furnished
in the specifications of the contestant, to set forth
those grounds specifically in his answer.
It will be seen from the specifications of the an-
swer that the sitting member denies only two ma-
terial facts alleged in the notice of the contestant.
He denies the allegation that he was not a bona fide
inhabitantof the seventh congressional district on
the fourth Monday of May last; and he also de-
nies the allegation that there was no poll opened
in that district in any precinct; but he says'in re-
ply that a poll was opened for members of Con-
gress at the precinct of Ball's Cross Roads. He
docs not state that he has any other ground for
occupying the seat that he now holds, except the
fact that he was at that time an inhabitant of the
State of Virginia, and thatasinglepoll wasopened
at a single precinct in the seventh district. He
does not allege that he received a single vote at
that precinct. He does not allege that he has any
certificate of election, or that he has any evidence
that any vote was cast for him.
The resolution which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections at the special session refers to
them two questions for tjheireonsideiation. First,
was the sitting member eligible as a member of
this House? Second, was the election under which
he now claims to hold his seat regular, or con-
ducted in conformity to law ?
In-answer to the first inquiry, the Committee
of Elections found that the sitting member, prior
to October, 1860, was a resident and inhabitant of
the State of Ohio; that in the month of October, or
prior thereto, he had engaged in conducting a daily
newspaper in the city of Zanesville, and that at
the State election of that State, held in October,
1H60, he appeared at the polls and voted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of my col-
league whether the Committee of Elections have
not decided that this question of residence was out-
side the case; in other words, whether they have
not decided that he was an inhabitant of Virginia?
Mr. WORCESTER. We have admitted that
he was an inhabitant of the State of Virginia in
May; and that admission is contained in the re-
port of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand, then, that
theie is no question as to his eligibility—that the
Committee of Elections has decided in his favor
on that point, and that he was an inhabitant of
Virginia.
Mr. WORCESTER. That is so. I was stat-
ing the facts contained in the report. The com-
mittee, in their report, state that they find that the
sitting member, prior to the month of October,
1860, as I have already said, was an inhabitantof
the State of Ohio, and voted at the election in that
State of that year. That the fact of his voting
implied that he was a resident of the State of
Ohio, and for at least one year previous. The
committreaisofind thatsubsequently to the month
of October, I860, he returned to his former resi-
dence in the State of Virginia, where his family
had resided; and that, from 1860 up to the time of
election in the month of May, 1861, he was a res-
ident and an inhabitant of the State of Virginia.
^ The revolutionary condition of that part of Vir-
ginia where this district is located was brought
into question both by the memorial of the con-
testant and the answer by the sitting member.
The committee have endeavored to ascertain as
far as possible the facts which could be shown to
have existed to prevent or obstruct the election in
this congressional district in the month of May
last, as alleged by the contestant. Itappears from
the current history of events that a revolutionary
convention, called in the State of Virginia in the
month of Fcbrua ry, 1861, adopted what was called
an uidinance of secession. That ordinance, in
terms, repealed the ratification of the Constitution
of the United States by the State of Virginia, and
resumed to the State all the rights and powers
granted by that ratification. Immediately there-
after the State of Virginia claimed to be independ-
ent, and the secession convention passed another
ordinance recognizing the independence of the
confederated States. During the month of April,
of the same year, and not long after the passage
of the ordinance of secession, the State of Vir-
ginia became, by the act of its convention and its
Executive, a member of the southern confederacy.
On the 24th of April, of that year, an ordinance
was passed suspending the election of members
of Congress, which ought to have taken place on
the following 23d of May. It was provided by
the law of Virginia passed in 1853 that the elec-
tion for Congress should take place at the time I *
have named. The question to be considered by
the committee was the effect of that ordinance of
secession and the subsequent ordinance of the
convention upon this congressional district.
It is made the duty of each State under the
Constitution of the United States to pass laws
fixing the time, place, and manner of holdingelec-
tions"for members of Congress. The Constitution
in that respect is mandatory upon each State. If
a State has adopted a law regulating the election
of members of Congress, that law may be repealed
by the same power that has enacted it. The con-
vention of Virginia claimed to exercise in what it
did the powers of a Legislature. Its acts and its
ordinances were received, respected, obeyed, and
had the force of laws in all that portion of Vir-
ginia east of the Blue Ridge. All of the executive
officers of the State, from the Governor down to
the constable, lent their aid to enforce these ordi-
nances. The courts gave the sanction of their
judgments, and issued their processes for the exe-
cution of these ordinances. The archives of the
State, the great seal, and all the emblems of au-
thority were in the possession and under the con-
trol of this convention. These ordinances were
respected and obeyed by the people in all the east-
ern portion of Virginia. The Federal officers in
that part of the State were either compelled to
resign or were driven off, and no person was al-
lowed to exercise the rights or to perform the
duties of an office m that portion of the State with-
out first renouncing his allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States and taking an oath of
fealty to the new government. From what the
committee can understand, it appears that at the
time referred to the law for the election of mem-
bers of Congress was not only in terms suspended
-by the convention, but the election officers ap- w
pointed to carry that law into effect were super-
seded. There were, therefore, no officers who
could execute it.
The Committee of Elections fully admit thatall
of these acts of that convention were revolution-
ary; that they were usurpations; that the people
of the eastern portion of Virginia were neither
legally nor morally bound to obey them. The
very term usurpation, however, implies that the
party who usurps has the control and possession
of the rights and powers which he has usurped.
The question is simply one of fact—not whether it
may have been legally right for the people*)f the
eastern portion of Virginia to elect a member of
Congress in the month of May last, but whether
it was legally, physically possible for them to do
so. But the sitting member claims—and he must
claim in order to support his case—that this elect-
ive law of 1853 was not only in force, but that he
was elected in all respects in pursuance of that law.
The Constitution of the United States prescribes
the qualification of a person entitled to a seat as a
member of this House. It requires that he shall
be of a certain age; that he shall be an inhabitant
of the State from which he comes; and that he be
a citizeu of the United States for a cettam length
of time. The Constitution of the United States
makes this House the judge of the qualification of
its own members; and when the House sits judi-
cially on the qualification of its members, the Con-
stitution of the United States is the rule by winch
its decisions are to be governed. The Constitu-
tion provides that each State shall prescribe the
time, place, and manner of electing; members of
Congress, until such time as the State laws may be
altered or amended by the Congress of the United
States. When this House sits in judgment upon
the election and return of one of its members, the
law of the State from which the member comes,
and under which he claims to hold his seat>is the
rule by which it is to be governed.
The question now to be considered is whether
the law of 1853, under which the sitting member
claims his seat, was in force at the time: and if
in force, whether,the sitting member was elected
in accordance with the provisions of that law.
The laws of the several States in regard to the
