2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
your refusal produced war, deadly war, civil war,
remorseless war; war the end of which the wisest
cannot foresee, but which threatens to end only in
the overthrow of the nation and the destruction of
the liberties of the people. .
When I say that your refusal to adopt the Crit-
tenden compromise measures produced war, I do
not mean to say that this Government struck the
first blow. I mean to say that you knew, were
assured, had reason to believe, and, in my opin-
ion, did believe, that war would result from your
refusal; that you had it in your power by honor-
able compromise to prevent war, and that you de-
liberately chose war in preference to averting it by
compromise. A number of the southern States
assumed to withdraw from the Union. They con-
federated together and established an independent
government. They organized a military force,
seized upon the forts and arsenals within their
limits, and failing to receive a recognition of their
independence by the Executive, in apprehension
that a feeble garrison at Fort Sumter might be
reinforced, they demanded its surrender. Being
refused, they fired the first gun, and thus precip-
itated war. Would that the hand that applied that
torch had fell paralyzed and withered to the ground.
Mr. President, this inauguration of civil war
might have been averted by the adoption of the
Crittenden compromise. War folioweditsrejcc-
tion. Let the responsibility rest where itpropeily
belongs. History will record her verdict. Pos-
terity will judge righteously. The attack upon
Fort Sumter inflamed the passions of the nation.
The President called for seventy-five thousand
volunteers,
"They enme as the wind1? come when foiests are rended,
Tiipyeame a9 the waves oome when navies are stranded."
Cdltgress met. He who would have proposed
to avert the further calamities of war, or to have
preserved the nation by any other means than war,
might expect to be regarded as little better than a
traitor. Men and money were profusely voted.
Armies were marched into the field, and "on to
Richmond !" was thecry, On towards Richmond
they went, and the bloody field of Manassas evi-
denced their defeat. On the very day succccding
that battle, Congress unanimously passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
"Thftt this wnris not waged <>n iheirpag in any spirit of
oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest or subjugation,
nor puipose ofoveithiowing or intending with the lights
or established institutions of those State?, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve
the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
uevttial States utiimpnhed; ami that as s-oou a-i these ob-
jects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
The nation took heart again. Seven hundred
thousand volunteers went to the field. livery bor-
der «lave State that hud not seceded resolved to
stand by the old flag and by the Federal Union.
They sent their sons to swell your armies, and
their bones whiten every battle-ground. Congress
met in December. Mow have you kept your
plighted faith? "Lot facts be submitted to a can-
did world." You have abolished slavery in the
District of Columbia without the consent of their
owners and against their wishes. You have thus
created a u paradise for free negroes," to which
the slaves of loyal masters in Maryland escape
by hundreds. When the owner applies to your
courts for redress and they afford it, as they are
bound to and as far as they can, you turn your
military power against the marshal and prevent
the due execution of legal process. You have
made it an oftunsc punishable by dismissal from
the service for any officer of the Army to return a
fugitive slave to his loyal owner. You have re-
fused to make it an offense punishable in like
manner for such officer to entice or decoy a slave
from his loyal owner. You have through your
armies decoyed from the service of their own-
ers, loyal and disloyal, or afforded shelter and pro-
tection to them, thousands of slaves within the
States. You ate now feeding and clothing thou-
sands of this* class of people out of the public
Treasury without warrant of law, and arc levy-
ing taxes upon the white people of the country to
enable you to continue the expenditure. You are
now keeping at the public expense in this city a
row of houses in which you suppoit, without au-
thority of law, hundreds of this class of people in
idleness. You are paying thousands of negroes
as teamsters in your Army at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, wijile your white soldiers are
fighting your battles teen dollurs per month.
You are arming the slaves of the South and en-
listing them in your Navy for the murder of their
masters. You have, as far as this body could do
so, repealed the law prohibiting free negroes from
carrying the mail. You have legalized the testi-
mony of a negro against a white man,andthatof
the slave which you have freed as against his mas-
ter. You have, upon the recommendation of the
President, attempted to build up an abolition party
in the border slave States by the offer of pecuniary
aid which you have neither the ability, constitu-
tional authority, or intention to give. As if for the
purpose of irritating and wounding the sensibili-
ties of those whom you have already grievously
wronged, you have chosen this as the most op-
portune time to establish diplomatic relations with
the free negro republics of Hayti and Liberia. In-
stead of returning fugitive slaves to their owners,
as by law you are bound to do, you have ap-
pointed a superintendent over them to prevent
their return, and to provide for their comfort out
of the taxes levied upon the industry of the coun-
try. Instead of avoiding unnecessary legislation
in reference to the causes of sectional difference,
you have prohibited the existence of slavery, not
only ill existing territory but in any which may
hereafter be acquired. Lest the sincerity of your
pledge should not otherwise be sufficiently evi-
denced , the Council Chamber of the nation is con-
verted iutoahouseof wailing over the wrongs in-
flicted upon the poorunoffendingslave. You have
by your bills proposed the emancipation of al-
most the entire slave population in the States, and
the bill now before the Senate is to be amended,
if possible, so as to accomplish that object. But!
turn from the recital of these violations of plighted
faith to a consideration of the principles involved
in the measure now before the Senate.
In order to understand the character of the bill
under consideiation, the power of Congress to
pass it, and the propriety of its passage, we must
consider the nature of the conflict in which we are
involved. Loose ideas prevail upon this subject
Some have denominated the resistance of the con-
federate States sedition. The President considers
it an insurrection, but it is most generally termed
a rebellion. Sedition is defined to be " a tumult,
an insurrection, a popular commotion, an uproar."
"Tliatsunelnne brew'it usliovver lor liim,
That wasli'it Ins father's fomines forth of Fiance,
And heap'd sedition on his eiown at home."
" In soothing them, wo nourish 'gainst our senate
The cookie of rebellion, insolence, sedition."
The term sedition, therefore, cannot in this in-
stance be properly applied. An insurrection is a
seditious rising, a rebellious commotion. Like
sedition, it is the act of unorganized individuals.
A portion of the people, without the forms of law,
may make a sedition or insurrection against the
authority of the State; but States and organized
political communities cannot with propiiety be
said to be seditious or insurrectionary.
" Between the acting of a rftcadiul thing
And the first motion, alt the interim is
Like a phrmta^ma, or a hideous dream;
The g<4ntus, and the mortal mstiuments,
Are then in oouncil 5 and the state of man,
Like to a little kingdom, suffers then
The natuie of an insurrection
Insurrections of base people are commonly more
furious in their beginnings. (Bacon's Henry VII.)
Neither is rebellion, in the popular sense, a proper
term to describe the resistance of those States to
Federal authority. Rebellion is resistance to law-
ful authoi ity, but it is always the voluntary' act of
individuals, and never is applied to the oiganized
action of political communities. Wc lead and
have heard of the whisky insurrection in Penn-
sylvania, and of Slmy'a rebellion in Massachu-
setts, but whoever hoard or read of the American
insurrection or the French rebellion. Sir, we are
in the midst of a great political revolution or
change of government, to which sovereign States,
confederated together, not individuals, are parties
on one side, and the Government of the United
States is party on the other. This fact is neces-
sary to bo observed and remembered that wc may
have a clear perception of the character of much
of our legislation, consummated and proposed. I
shall assume what is conceded, conceded by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and
also by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cowan,] that the government of the confederate
States is a government de facto. Assuming this,
which I think cannot be successfully denied, 1
propose to consider the question whether,under
existing circumstances, all those who yield obe-
dience to the government of the confederate States,
by accepting and exercising office under it, or even
by bearing arms in its support, can be rightfully
regarded and treated as traitors by us.
This is a subject that should be approached
with an honest and candid purpose, and its con-
sideration freed as far as possible from all the
passions and prejudices of the maddened hour.
We can gain nothing before the groat tribunal of
the world, that of history, or, eventually, that of
our own consciences, by self deception, by the
adoption of false premises, or the application of
false logic. I am aware, Mr. President, that the
opinions I am about to express do not accord
with the notions of many blatant patriots of the
present times. There is not an Army contractor in
the land who will not condemn them. Thereisnot
a public plunderer between the two oceans whose
patriotism wouldnotbeshocked atthem. There is
not an abolition Union-slider, from Maine to Cali-
fornia, that would not consider them heretical.
But, sir, 1 speak to men of sense, and not to fools.
1 want the earof honest Union-loving men, whose
action in the past, as well as at the present, evi-
dence the sincerity of their attachment to the
Union. I have no'message for those who are for
n Union without slavery, but opposed to a Union
in which slavery exists. Such miserable traitors
deceive nobody by their cry of Union.
I believe that when a revolution is so far com-
pleted that a government de facto has become es-
tablished, when the former Government is so far
ousted that after having had a full opportunity it
has shown itself unable to afford protection to its
adherents in the revolutionary government, the
duty of allegiance so far ceases that it would be
unjust, and therefore illegal, to punish obedience
to the commands of the government de facto as
treason towards the Government de jure. It is a
well recognized maxim that allegiance and protec-
tion are reciprocal. If the latter cannotbe afforded,
the former cannot be required. It is not, how-
ever, every temporary interruption of the one that
will eren proportionately dissolve the other. An
insurrection or even a mob may for the time being
overpower the civil authorities of a country with-
out in any degree affecting the right of the lawful
government to the allegiance of its citizens. But
suppose that, after full time has been given to the
protecting government to discharge its duty to the
citizen, it has been found wholly unable to do so,
does the reciprocal duty of allegiance remain in
full force and forever? When a revolution is fully
effected; when the old government is entirely
ousted, and the new one firmly established, can
those who yield support to the latter incur thereby
the pains and penalties of treason against the
former? Were those who recognized the govern-
ment of Cromwell, and who actually took up arms
in its defense, even as against the Stuarts them-
selves, justly liable to the penalty of having their
bodies diawn and quartered, theii property con-
fiscated, and their widows and orphans beggared,
when Charles II afterwards came to the throne?
Even were such the stern rule of English law, I
might ask, is it so here ? Is it in consonance with
the great principles of national justice and rea-
son upon which our maxims of government are
founded ?
Monarchists sedulously inculcate the rule that the
safety of the Government is paramount to every
other consideration. According to them, it is bet-
ter that the rights and interests, the life, liberty, and
property of thousands of subjects should be sac-
crifi cod, than that the stability of the throne should
be in the least degree affected. Passive obedience
is the foundation of their whole system of gov-
ernment. No force of circumstances can justify
a transfer of the allegiance of the people from him
who rules by divine right. But with us—sains
populisuprema lex est. Governments, according to
our theory, deiive all their just powers from the
consent of the governed. There is no divine right
in the ruling power. The Government is the ser-
vant of the people, the mere insti ument to promote
their welfare. In the Declaration of Independ-
ence, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,
are declared to be inalienable rights; and that u to
secure these rights, governments are instituted
among men, deriving their just powers from the
consent of the governed; that whenever any form
of government becomes destructive of these ends,
