1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
Now what have we hero? The Committee of
Elections is instructed by the House to inquire
into the eligibility and regularity of the election
of the gentleman who holus a seat here as a Rep-
resentative of the seventh district of Vhginia. It
seems to me, without meaning the least disrespect
to these gentlemen, that somehow or other, if they
have not found the water here too deep for them
they have found it too turbid and chilly for them
to venture over it. It would almost seem as if they
contented themselves with making a few incohe-
rent excuses for not attempting the navigation. It
seems as if the able and distinguished lawyers who
constitute the Committee of Elections brought to
the adjudication of these great questions the nar-
row and technical rules that are perhaps safe and
prudent in cases of assault and battery, or in mat-
ters of book accounts, but which utterly fail, in
my judgment, to measure the everlasting rules of
right and wrong, as they lie hid beneath your
Constitution, and which alone give it its validity
and sanction.
Why, sir, they seemed to consider themselves,
for the"time being, a sort of tribunal, and Mr. Up-
ton a suitor before them, and as a suitor without
any presumption of law in his favor; indeed, that
he occupies almost the position of a mendicant,
and the position of the committee such that they
are bound to report adversely to his case, unless
he produces testimony to substantiate his suit.
Why, sir, the House has decided that already.
Mr. Upton is as much a member of this House
as are his triers, or as an y of us are, and in the same
sense, and as conclusively. The same flag that
drapes this House in its deliberations covers him
as it does the occupant of the Speaker's chair.
But the Committee of Elections complain that
he has not produced testimony—-just as if it was
obligatory upon him to produce testimony, as if
the onus lay upon him to establish affirmatively
his right to a seat. Why, sir, they are charged
with an inquiry; they are to investigate; they are
to look here, to look abroad, to look everywhere,
to every legitimate source of legal proof, where
ever they can get a clue to the facts; to them-
selves summon witnesses. And it is only when
they shall find the proof to be adverse to him
that they can or should call upon him for proof to
explain or rebut what would otherwise be estab-
lished.
This is not a case in which a man stands out-
side knocking at the door for entrance into this
Hall. He is already here, the peer of the proud-
est of us, recognized as such by the Constitution
and the laws. He sits here in the discharge of the
solemn duties devolved by the Constitution upon
a Representative from one of the sovereign States
of this Union. The seventh congressional district
of Virginia, which he here represents, connot be
disfranchised, and he be placed in the attitude of
a mendicant or plaintiff at the tribunal of this grave
and important committee.
Sir, lam neitherquerulousnorcomplaining; but
it seems to me that they have entirely misjudged
in another very important point of view. Why,
sir, they have attempted to take into consideration
the political condition of the seventh congressional
district of Virginia. What provision of the Con-
stitution, what law of Congiess made the political
condition of any district a question to be inquired
into by this House? I should like to know where
in the history of contested elections has the House,
as a primary condition, undertaken to inquire into
the political condition, or moral condition, or any
other condition, of any district asked to be repre-
sented in determining the question whether a per-
son has been fairly chosen a Representative upon
this floor. I will ask the Clerk to read the posi-
tion taken by the Committee of Elections upon this
point.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" It appear, tlien, fiom the fact* that we have citou from
tho liiatoty of the tinier, and trom ih< i.ue^oinjr evidence,
that the authorities which had u-uiped and then It.id con-
tiol of the civil government andmiluaiy tnu-o-, of tho State
had, for the time bf um, >.et at dutumcv and annuikd the
lawful authonty of tho I'nitod and dopo^-d or dnvf-n
off it.s oiiicc'*, piacticaHy s.-veiod tho ami anrocund
and icppah'd all laws that hound iho ^Kito to the Geuoial
OoV"'i11mopt of tin; Canted Htatc. iis:- wa-- doi>r, lot
auaht that i- -hown to tho eonttaiy. with ih-. appnn.i! niul
eojieui i'Jiu'o ofa v.n l.n^e m.ijoijty oi the people, and with-
out the elective up,Ms.|tion ot am onh'm. Th« law of the
State, piovidniij In; ill-,* election of lii-mibci-ot ('ougto? on
the 23d of M;u, was rcg.udodaud tieatul b\ tho Guveiiioi,
ftheuHs, conums-uoneis, and other ofhetrs chaigod with the ■
duty of seeing it earned into effect, with the exception at '
most of those of a single election precinct, as suspended,
and for the time being as practically repealed. This course
ot tho flection officeia appears to have been adopted and
puisued without irmonstiance or objection from any con-
siderable number of the people of th6 seventh congressional
district. The great body of the people in the district seem
to have acted upon the belief that, on the 23d of May, there
was no law m torce in the State which would enable them,
if so disposed, to elect a member ofCongress,nor was there
any evidence before the committee that any very consider-
able number, if they had had the power, would have had
the inclination to exercise it. Such being the state of the
district, it is a question well worthy of grave consideration
whether its political condition was such that any election
foi a member of Congiess at that time should be held legally
valid, eithei under the law of Virginia or of the United
States, even woi e the evidence of such election clothed with
all the ordinary forms of law."
Mr. RIDDLE. I think that extract contains one
of the gravest errors ever pronounced on this floor,
and I wish to call the attention of the gentleman to
one aspect of it alone. Sir, we are here told that the
governmental agents of Virginia were in rebellion,
and had carried their rebellion to the dignity of trea-
son—the highest known crime—notwithstanding
it is a historical fact that, at the time this election
was held, there was not the foot of a so-called con-
federate soldier pressing the soil of the seventh
congressional district of Virginia. We are here
told by this giave and learned committee that, in
the absence of all proof, in violation of the pre-
sumption of all law, it is the pres^pfjption that a
large majority of the people of this district were
also guilty of this treason. Yes, sir, they go fur-
ther, and say there is no proof before them that
any considerable body of the citizens of that dis-
trict were not thus guilty.
Why, sir, you may take the most hardened
wretch thateverran, red-handed, crusted,leprous
with crime, and when he is placed at the bar of
justice for his trial, the presumption of the lawis
that he is still innocent; and that is not a mere
legal formality, a mere fiction of law, that floats
intangible in the judicial atmosphere, but it arises
like solid adamantabout him and shields him from
all prejudice, from improper influences, and which
yields only to irrefragable proof.
But, sir, you have here a committee gravely
asserting not only that the government authorities
of Virginia were guilty of treason, but in the ab-
sence ofa particle of proof asserting that a large
majority of the voters of the seventh congressional
district of Virginia were also guilty of treason.
And they go further, and assert that it is the duty
of the claimant in this case, or of somebody else,
to show the proof negatively that they were not
so guilty.
But, sir, if that be a poisonous doctrine, there is
found in the same paragraph, perhaps, the anti-
dote, for they say that this was a mere usurpa-
tion. Well, sir, what follows from that? These
pretended acts and ordinances of secession aie
mere idle breath, essentially not legal entities; that
they aie presumed not to be; not only do they
have no binding effect upon any of the citizens of
that distiict, but they are presumed not to exist
m fact. Not only are the citizens of the district
presumed to be loyal, for that is the constitutional
as well as the legal presumption, but they are pre-
sumed also to know that there was no legal or
binding validity whatever in any one of these acts
of usurpation. They were not only citizens of
the United States, with the right to exercise all the
privileges and franchises of citizens in all their
length and breadth, but they arc presumed to know
it. And if they chose not to exercise those rights
they are presumed to have had a sufficient reason
for it. The legal presumption goes even further
than that. They are presumed to acquiesce in
the dictation of those who didexeicise those rights
and are bounc^ by those acts; for it is to be
borne m mind that wlnle some of the citizens of
that disuict had armed themselves and were haunt-
ing the vaiious election precincts, still not the foot
of a solitary so-called confederate armed soldier
at that time pressed the soil of the district. The
presumption of the law, therefore, is not only that
these citizens were loyal but that they were in
the full exercise of their rights and privileges,
and they are presumed to have discharged them
in their own way.
Now, sir, what did occur m this district on the
(-lection day? I do not propose to occupy your ;
time or ask your attention much longer. The ques- j
lion is not whethei a majority or two thirds or j
tin ee quarters of the qualified voters of the district j
actually expressed their choice; the question is, i
whether any of the qualified voters of the district
attended on behalf of the people under color of law
and did exercise the elective franchise upon theday
named m the unrepealed law of the State of Vir-
ginia. If so, I insist upon it that this House must
give effect to that election.
It is conceded that the 23d of May, 1861* was
the day designated by the laws of the State of Vir-
ginia for the election of members of Cojigr£ss. It
is conceded that the State of Virginia could not
and did not secede from the Union so as to have
the least legal or constitutional effect upon any of
the citizens of that State. It is conceded that on
the day of the election an election was holden
at tho precinct of Ball's Cross Roads. It is in
proof that the State authorities did formally at
„ that place open an election for a member of Con-
gress.
But I am met right here by what is considered
a very grave,fatal objection. It is said, although
there was a law opening this poll, and although
the formalities of that law were complied with in
almost all respects so far as the opening of the
polls was concerned, yet one most important ele-
ment was wanting, to wit, that the conductors of
that election—or the commissioners, or whatever
they are called—were not sworn to open and con-
duct an election for a member of Congress. Is that
to be allowed to disfranchise the voter? Was that
his fault? Was he presumed even to know whether
they had or ha<f not been sworn? And if he had
known it, what remedy had he? Is it to be used
to defeat him of his right of choice? He stands
there a Virginia citizen. He stands there in the
face of this abominable treason. He stands there
in tiie face of the armed men. He stands there
with the solid earth shaking under him, and he
cannot shrink behind the privacy of the ballot.
He declares with loud voice, amid the opposing
elements, that he votes for Charles H. Upton for
Representative in Congress. Was he a qualified
elector? There is no question made about that.
There was no oath required of him. He executed
the foi malities under color and pursuant of the law
of the State, passed in pursuance of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and you cannot permit
the technical disqualification of any officer of that
election to rob him of his right. You cannot dis-
franchise his district. You cannot alienate the
territory. You cannot throw out by your action,
without the right of being heard, the thousands
and thousands of inhabitants who are, under the
Constitution and the laws, presumed to be loyal to
the Government. And I might make that same
remark in regard to everything that transpired
afterwards.
It is idle to stand here and say to me that there
was not a proper return made. A majority of this
same committee reported against a sitting mem-
ber and for a contestant deliberately in the face of
the certificate of all the returning officers. You
j disregarded the forms of law. You went back to
I the sanctuary where was said to be kept the de-
pository of the ballots. You broke it open, rum-
maged and counted them. Why? Because you
wanted the clearly expressed will of the people,
not as they had been made to speak through cor-
rupted returns, but as they did speak. All I ask
is the lecognitiou of the same principle; and the
whole House recognized the-correctness of the
procedure, and only disagreed with the commit-
tee as to the facts. If you find in this instance
that the people have honestly, under the color of
law,given expression to their solemn judgments,
you must £ivc that expression effect.
Mr. WORCESTER. My colleague will per-
mit me to ask him a question. Whatevidencedoes
he find to show that a single vote was cast for the
sitting member? He may find evidence that the
polls were opened, but none that a single vote was
cast for the sitting member.
Mr. RIDDLE. He is the. sitting member. If
he were a contestant claiming a seat here, the gen-
1 tleman might well inquire what proof he had to
! produce; but he sits here the sworn member of
this House, and the peer of the gentleman himself.
What do those who assail his right to a seat here
—those whose duty it was to inquire—they who
were the inquisitors, and who had no business to
say to this man that he must produce testimony—
what do they say ? Do they.sav in their report to
this House, does the gentleman say in his place
upon this floor, that those votes were not so cast?
Not at all. He who takes the affirmative of the
