2900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
justly be subjected to the punishment of death, im-
prisonment, or the confiscation of their property.
Does the present condition of the confederate
Statea bring their people within the saving influ-
ence of the latter of these rales? They have es-
tablished a government tie facto, which they have
sustained for more than a year in spite of the most
gigantic efforts to overthrow it. That government
exeris its sway over a region truly imperial in ter-
ritorial extent, and over a people who have man-
ifested a unanimity and earnestness of feeling
rarely witnessed in any other country on earth.
They have kept on foot an army of half a million
of brave men, and have manifested an energy and
a power that, according to all the rules of com-
mon calculation, would have insured success. In
spite of all these efforts, however, they may event-
ually be crushed; but this can onlyfce by the weight
of exertions on our part little short of superhu-
man. It must be recollected, too, that the power
we are now putting forth is not known or appre-
ciated by the masses of the people in the revolted
States. Judging by what they have the means of
learning, they irjay fairly conclude that the revo-
lution is an accomplished fact, and that no public
or private duty stands in opposition to their rec-
ognition and support of the dc facto government.
And even should this not amount to a justifica-
tion, when it is remembered that the force of sym-
pathy and that pressing considerations of personal
safety are all acting as a bias upon their judg-
ments, will it be worthy of the magnanimity of a
great and powerful country to visit with death,
imprisonment, or confiscation those whose judg-
ments and whose sense of duty have been swayed
from their equilibrium by considerations that al-
ways jio naturally and powerfully operate upon
the minds of erring men?
But there is another consideration which de-
serves to be well weighed. The people of the con-
federate States had sworn to support the consti-
tutions of their respective States, as well as that
of the United States. They owed, therefore, a
double allegiance, which, from the force of cir-
cumstances, becoming antagonized, drew them in
opposite directions. Which of these obligations
was paramount it is not for me to decide. The
people of the confederate States had always, with
great unanimity, held that the State sovereignty
was paramount. It is original, the other deriva-
tive. The latter is specific, the former general.
The one authority exercises only those powers
which are enumerated, the other all those which
are not prohibited. Admitting tlmt their notions
upon thissubjcctureei roncous, it is an error which
dors not involve ciimumlity. Men as honest and
as intelligent us any of uj are earnestly and en-
tirely convinced of the soundness of I heir doctrine
in regard to I ho paramount sovereignty of the
States, h is certainly a question upon which men
may honestly differ, and in regard to which toler-
ation and chanty are unquestionable duties on the
part of those who believe themselves wiser than
those who differ from them on this subject. Shall
we then consign men to the dungeon or the grave,
and their families to penury, merely for differing
with us in opinion on this subject and honestly
acting upon their conviction of'duty ? Lot us not
congratulate ourselves upon the disuse of the in-
quisition, or claim superiority over those who a
few centuries since consigned men and women to
the dungeon and the flames fur what were deemed
errors in respect to religion, while we practice the
same rigorous and bloody intolerance towards the
less important criois ol political opinion.
1 know it may be said, in reply, lhat the errors
of which I speak are not those of mere abstract
theory , but are productive of immediate practical
evils. I admit it; and since the arbitrament of the
sword has unwisely been resorted to as the means
of settling our difficulties I do not object to the
proper amount of physical coercion. The same
would be die case if men under the garb of reli-
gion should introduce practices destructive of the
peace and order of society. But in such eases the
remedy should only bo commensurate with the
disease. We might justly punish persons for the
direct consequences of any of their acts in viola-
tion of law, how much soever they might profess
to have been actuated by conscientious motives, or
to have acted in accordance with their religious
theories, but we should never send them to the
gallows or the penitentiary; we should never con-
iiscate their property on accountof their errors of
opinion and judgment, or of acts done in obedience
to their dictates, because they had adopted notions
and acted upon them which in our opinion were
calculated to produce and did produce public mis-
chiefs. So, in the present case, let men be punished
for the direct and immediate consequences of their
conduct. If their mistaken theories cause them
to rise in arms, let them be put down by the strong
arm of power, if it be necessary to invoke war for
that purpose; but when the desired result is at-
tained, when all resistance to the law is overcome,
let reason and humanity again resume their sway.-
It certainly cannot be expedient, upon the prin-
ciples I have been considering, that he who, from
a mistaken political theory, had consented to ex-
ercise the functions of civil office and toaidagov-
ernment that could command his obedience and
punish him for disobedience, should be made to
undergo the punishment of a felon; nor that he
who, havingjustgroundsof doubt as to his public
duty in any other respect, has followed the dic-
tates of his own judgment and adopted a course
which subsequent events have shown to be erro-
neous, should be visited with all the dire conse-
quences of intentional wickedness. But why argue
the question as a matter of law, or assign reasons
founded in justice and humanity against the exer-
cise of the power. The whole subject is res ad-
judicata. Even in England the statute of treason
applies to a king de facto, and not de jure. Says
Blackstone, vol. 4, p. 221:
" A usurper who lias got possession of the throne is a king
witliin the meaning ot the statute, as there is a temporary
allo.giancc due to ium for his administration of the govern-
ment and temporal y protection of tin; public ; and therefore
treasons committed against Henry VI were punished under
Edward i V, though all the hue of Lancaster had been pre-
viously declan-d usurpers by act of Parliament. When,
therefore, a usurper is in possession, the subject is excused
audjiistjiied m o6ei/i £and giving his assistance Othenvise,
under a usurpation, no man would bo safe if the lawful
prince had a right to hang him for obedience to the powers)
m being, as the usurper would certainly do for disobedi-
ence. "
If such be the rule in a consolidated monarchy,
where there is no double allegiance to be by force
of circumstances antagonized, how much more
powerful are the reasons for its recognition and
observance in a Government and country like
ours, where allegiance is due to State as well as
Federal authority? Observe the reason assigned
by Blackstone for the principle which he asserts
to be law:
When, therefore, a usurper is in possession, the subject
is excused and justified in obeying and giving his assist-
ance; otherwise, under a usurpation no one would be safe,
if the lawful prince had a right to hang him for obedience
to the powers 111 being, as the usurper would certainly do
for disobedience."
But, sir, this principle is not without judicial
recognition in this country. In the case of Res-
pubiica vs. Samuel Chapman, (1 Dallas, pages 53
to 60,) decided in 1781, before the recognition of
our independence, the court held, Chief Justice
McKean delivering the opinion, that the State of
Pennsylvania having declared its independence of
Great Britain, and having established a Govern-
ment capable of affording protection to the citizen,
high treason might have been committed against it by
any person who was a subject of the Commonwealth.
The court say:
" Allegiance being due from the 28tli of November, 1776,
when, as already obseived,thc Legislature was convened,
and fhemembeis of Council were appointed, treason, which
is nothing more than a criminal attempt to destroy the ex-
istence of the Government, might ccrtamly have been com-
mitted before the diflerent qualities of the crime were de-
fined and its punishment declared by a positive law."
And why? Because treason being a crime at
common law, and protection and allegiance being
leciprocal, tiic power—organized political power
that protects, has the undoubted right to com-
mand the obedience of those whom it protects.
The court, m this case, also observe:
tk Pennsylvania was not a nation at war with another na-
tion, but a countiy in a ^tate of civil war, and there is no
precedent in the books to show what might be done in that
ease ; except, indeed, where a prince has subaued the peo-
ple who took arms against him before they had formed a
regular government, which is likeivise inapplicable here."
Why inapplicable? Because, although less
than five months had elapsed since the assertion
or independence, yet the people of Pennsylvania
had " termed a regular government." The ri°-ht,
therefore, winch a prince has to the allegiance of
a people in arms against liim.and to punish them
criminally, they being subdued before a regular
government was formed by them, could not exist
after the formation of such government and for
such acts as were done in obedience thereto. The
correctness of this opinion has never, to my
knowledge, been questioned by any subsequent
judicial decision. It is supported by reason and
acknowledged in the political action of every mod-
ern civilized nation. Coke says, and lawyers have
ever been proud to repeat it, that "law is the per-
fection of reason."
Now is it reasonable, or can it possibly be law,
that a citizen can be answerable, capitally, at the
same time to two governments for his political
conduct? The government de facto having power
and control over him, capable of punishing with
death his disobedience, commands him to do a cer-
tain act. The Government de jure has not the
power to protect him against the consequences of
disobedience to that command,but threatens topun-
ish obedience thereto with death in the future. He.
yields obedience to the go vernmentrfe/ac(o; fortune
subsequently places him in your power. Would
you, could you, lawfully execute him? Reason says
no; justice says no; humanity says no; and all
civilized nations have said no. I admit that you
may arbitrarily declare belligerent acts of a gov-
ernment de facto to be as against you acts of trea-
son on the part of those committing them, and a
subservient court, adopting the views of the legis-
lative and executive departments of the Govern-
ment, might feel constrained to pronounce in favor
of the validity ofyourenactments;butyou cannot
rightfully or justly change the nature of things, or
influence the judgment of the world in respect to
them. All nations profess to be neutral in refer-
ence to our existing difficulties. They acknowl-
edge the existence of civil war in this country.
Acknowledging the existence of civil war, they
cannot consider as criminal those acts of hostility
on the part of the so-called confederate States
which war authorizes, and which they may direct
against us. We have decided this question our-
selves, and cannot complain if other nations shall
act upon our decision. In case of the United
States vs. Palmer, (3 Wheaton,) the court held
that—
" Where civil war rages in a foreign nation, one part of
which separates itself irom the old-established Government
and erects itself inlo a distinct government, the courts of
the Union must view such newly constituted government
as it is viewed by the legislative and executive departments
of the Government of the United States. If the Govern-
ment of the Union remains neutral but recognizes the exist-
ence of civil war, the courts of the Union cannot consider
as criminal those acts of hostility which war authorizes,
and winch the new government may direct against the
enemy."
The court also held that the same testimony
which would be sufficient to prove that a vessel
or person is in the service of an acknowledged
State is admissible to prove that they are in the
service of a newly created government, and Judge
Johnson well remarked, that—
" To exempt from the punishment of piracy it was only
necessary to prove, first, the existence of open war; and,
secondly, that the vessel was owned and commanded as a
belligerent vessel."
Mr. President, the true theory of our Govern-
ment is this: the Federal Government is the crea-
ture of the States. They, being sovereign, made
it. Within the sphere of its delegated powers they
agreed that it should be supreme. They thereby
did not^ relinquish their own sovereignty, but re-
tained it fully and absolutely within the sphere
of their reserved or non-delegated authority. But
that I may not be deemed heretical, I will adopt
the language of Roger Sherman:
" The Government of the United States being federal,
and instituted by a number of sovereign States, they may be
considered as so many pillars to support it."
_ I also adoj>t the language of the men who as-
sisted in making the Federal Constitution, in their
joint official report to Governor Huntington. They
say: J
" Those powers (thoso granted to Congress) extend only '
to matters lespectin? the common inteiestsof the Union,
and are specially defined, so that the particular Statesretain
their sovereignty in all other matters."
Is it necessary to multiply authorities ? They
are innumerable. Let the defamers of their living
countrymen htdr what the fathers and the men
who framed the Constitution said in reference to the
nature and extent of Federal and State authority.
Sir, if the men who made the Constitution were
alive to-day the abolition disunionistsof the North
would call them secessionists. Their theory seems
to be that the States, as such, are nothing in our
