1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
Comparing these two measures together is my
task; and in (he first place, the claim made for
the bill of the Senator from Illinois, as stated
th^ other day by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Morrill,] is that this bill is particularly filled for
the suppression of this rebellion at this time, and
that the bill of the Senator from Vermont is noth-
ing but a bill to punish those connected with it
after the rebellion has ceased, and is of no efficacy
af ihe present time. Now how is it? What does
the bill of the Senator from Illinois propose to do
in the way of confiscating property in the pos-
session of those who are now in rebellion against
the Government? It makes it the duty of the
President of the United States, as often as in his
opinion the military necessities of the Army or
the safety, interest, and welfare of the United States
in regard to the supptession of the rebellion shall
require, to order the seizure, by such officers, mil-
itary or ci vii, as he may designate, of the property
of certain classes of persons, described in the
first section of the bill, confiscated by the act, who
are out of reach of process, and make sale or other
disposition of the pioperty or so much of it as lie
shall deem advisable.
That is what the confiscation bill proper of the
Senator from Illinois—if I may so call it—pro-
poses to do; and that, so far as anything to be
effected in the rebellious States, during this rebel-
lion, is concerned, except in the single matter of
slaves, about which I shall say a word by and by,
is all it proposes to do. I think the Senator from
Maine, in his very effective speech the other day,
misapprehended the effect of the bill in saying
that nothing could be done under it except what
the President should by seizure direct to be done,
and that all power under the bill would cease
when the rebellion ceased. Such is not the mean-
ing of the bill. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois will not accept that construction of the bill.
It contemplates action oil propelty m the loyal
States. But i agree thai so far, perhaps, as the im-
mediate effect upon the rebellion is concerned, it is
true, as was stated to bo generally true by the Sen-
ator fiom Maine, that this is all that the bill of
the Senator ft on* Illinois pioposes in respect to
pioperty other than slaves, it makes it, said the
Senator from Maine, the duty of the President to
act; and he laid great stress oil that; but who is to
be the judge of his duty, and how is that question
of duty to be ascertained anddetermined? The bill
answers that question by saying tlnit it shall be
the duty of the President to do thus and so when,
in his opinion, it shall be necessary to do thus and
so, so that the bill of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, so far as the seizure and disposition of
propei ry are concerned, depends entirely upon
the opinion of the President.
Not one legal hand is to be laid upon the prop-
erty of rebels except where the President is of
opinion that it may be best to lay a legal hand
upon it. It as much depends on opinion as legis-
lative enactment can make it dept nd on opinion.
He is to give the order to such officers, militaiy
or civil, as he may designate, and Ins opinion is
the law; and he is to take not the property of till
the rebels as the bill originally proposed, and as
I think it should be to be consistent with uself,
but he is to take tin* property of certain classes
of persons, guilty, I grant you, but no more guilty
than others; and, indeed, 1 think it might be
shown that many of them may not be as guilty
as some who were alluded to by the Senator from
Wisconsin, who has just closed his speech, who
escape punishinentaitogether. I thmk he alluded
to classes of persons whose properly would not
be touched by the provisions of the first section
of the bill as it now stands, who are as guilty and
as deserving of punishment as those upon whom
its hand will fall. But in iv^rd to the persons
who are thus designated, officers and others, the
President, after all, is to exercise his opinion.
When he has taken the rebel's property, he is
not bound to sell it He is bound, after seizing it,
to sell or dispose of it in such manner as he may
judge best, or he may dispose of Mich parts of it
as he thinks proper. That is certainly not a bill
as severe as some of those who have argued
against it have claimed it to be.
I agree that the terms of the first section of the
bill, especially as it originally stood, were much
more broad and comprehensive, for that took
within its sweep all property, real and personal,
belonging to all the rebels and confiscated it to the
General Government, vesting: the title in the Uni-
ted States. This takes a particular class of per-
sons, and confiscates their property, vesting the
title in the United States; but still no provision is
made for making this available, except in the
mode which I have suggested, which is by the
Piesident appointing officers, civil or military, to
make seizures when in his opinion it shall be ad-
visable,in order that the rebellion may be crushed
out and speedily ended. Then the whole amount
of this bill, so far as taking the property of rebels
in situations where legal process cannot be served,
is to have the President seize such property and
sell and dispose of such portions of it as he may
deem best. I was wrongm saying that this should
be where judicial process cannot be served, be-
cause, of course, he cannot seize it unless he has
possession, at least by the military power. He
must have military possession of the country; he
must then direct his officers to seize such property
as" belongs to those described in the first section
of the bill, as he shall judge, best to take, and it
shall be sold or otherwise disposed of as he shall
determine. As to slaves, it provides that the
slaves of those persons who shall, after the pas-
sage of the act, take up aims against the United
States, or in any manner give aid and comfort
to the rebellion, shall be freed and discharged
from any servitude which they may owe to such
persons. That is the provision of the confiscation
bill proper, and that is all. It depends, I say, abso-
lutely upon the will of the President, the opinion
of the President. It leaves the whole matter to
that; and without that, although you may say that
title is changed and vested in the United States,
the Government gets no avails until the President
thinks it best to take the property. The opinion
of the President controls.
Now, sir, what is the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont? What does that
propose to do on this subject of property? It
authoi izes the President of the United States when-
ever he shall deem it necessary to the speedy and
successful tei mi nation of t lie rebellion. to sequester
and seize all the property of all insurgents, by
such commissioners as he shall appoint, who shall
hold, occupy, rent, and control the same for the
United States, selling all such personal property
ay is perishable or expensive in keeping, paying
over the avails into the Treasury of the United
States. This is to continue until judicial proceed-
ings are restored, and in all cases is to continue
until the owner can be proceeded against by legal
prosecution.
That is the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont on this subject of seizing and disposing of
rebels' property. Now, which is the more strin-
gent and effective of these two measures? 1 say
that of the Senator from Vermont mostdecidedly.
In the first place, it takes all the property of all
the rebels, subject, I grant you, in regard to its
enforcement, to the decision of the President of
the United States, the expression being that the
President is authorized to seize it whenever he
shall deem it necessary to the speedy and success-
ful termination of the rebellion. When he deems
that exigency to have arisen, he may then take
all the property of all the rebels and dispose of it
as I have stated; sell the personal property that is
perishable, or expensive to keep, and hold, oc-
cupy, or rent the real estate until judicial proceed-
ings are restored to the district, and under all cir-
cumstances, until the owner of the property can
be proceeded against by n legal prosecution.
I say that is a more effective measure; itaccom-
plislies more. It is dependent upon the same
hand, 1 agree, for the exercise of the power con-
ferred, but that is an infirmity or an advantage,
whichever it may be called, that attaches to both
bills in common. In both the seizure and dispo-
sition depend upon the will of the President; but
when the President wills to exercise the power
granted in the proposition of the Senator from
Veimont, he is not restricted as regards the per-
sons whose property he may take, nor is he re-
stricted as to the property he may take; the only
point is that the owner shall be a rebel; and therein
it goes beyond the present position of the bill of
the Senator from Illinois, that bill having been
amended at the instance of the Senator from Ohio,
by striking out '£ ail persons," and inserting cer-
tain classes of persons, which, as the Senator from
Illinois suggested at the time, and has since sug-
gested, in his opinion, weakens the bill, in that
it is surely weaker than the bill of the Senator
from Vermont, because in that there is no restric-
tion; he may take the property of every man in
rebellion, and it is to be presumed, I thmkl that
he would take the property of those who are most
obnoxious, and who most richly deserve the pun-
ishment provided by the law,
1 now come to the question as it affects the
slaves. This is an important matter, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] the other
day very explicitly avowed that this was more im-
portant to him than any other feature of the bills.
Comparing the two on that point, is the bill of the
Senator from Illinois or the substitute of the Sen-
ator from Vermont the more effective? I have
already suggested what the bill of the Senator
from Illinois proposes on that subject. What does
the bill of the Senator from Vermont propose? In
the first place, all those slaves—he does not call
them by that name, perhaps, but we understand
very well what is meant—all those slaves who
belong to persons who shall be convicted under
the act are made forever free. Provision is made
m another section for the prosecution and convic-
tion of those who shall be guilty of treason. When
it comes to making provision in regard to setting
slaves free, it sets free the slaves of every man
convicted under the bill in the first place, so that
if there is a prosecution against any man under
this bill for the crime of treason, and he is con-
victed, every slave belonging to him is then made
free forever. What more does it provide? As
to all other slaves in any State, after six months
have expired beyond the period when the Presi-
dent has declared the State to be in insurrection,
which I may remark applies to the whole coun-
try that is in rebellion now, for more than six
months have expired, the President, if he shall
judge it necessary to the successful suppression
of the insui rection, may, by proclamation, fix and
appoint a day when all persons holden to service
or labor in such State, by law or custom, to any
one who after the day fixed by the proclamation
shall le\y wai or participate in the insurrection,
shall be forever free.
That is the provision in regard to slaves that
may not belong to rebels who may be convicted
under the act, and I ask if it is not broad enough
and sweeping enough. It takes all the slaves of
all the rebels who may not be convicted of treason
under the act, who are previously provided for;
and so broad and sweeping was it that the Sena-
tor from Maine, in his speech the other day, al-
leged that the bill of the Senator from Vermont
proposed to free the slaves of everybody, no mat-
ter whether owned by loyal or disloyal masters.
He averred that most emphatically. This was
when he was on that side of the argument to show
that the amendment was obnoxious to all the ob-
jections urged against the original bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois; but when he was on the other
side of the argument, he showed that this bill of
the Senator from Vermont was perfectly toothless,
could seize nothing, and was intended to seize
nothing, during the rebellion. On this point, how-
ever, he so impressed the honorable Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Carlile] that he had occasion to
rise up and say that it was the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont and not the bill that
he meant to eulogize, apparently being alarmed at
a feature in the bill which he had not discovered,
and which, if the honorable Senator from Maine,
who is always acute and generally accurate, had
studied a little more closely, he would have seen
was not in the bill at all.
The bill of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont does not propose to touch the slave of a
loyal man in anv way. It proposes to allow the
President by proclamation to fix a time when all
the slaves belonging to those who shall be in re-
bellion after a given day shall be set free, and I ask
if that is not as broad and as comprehensive even
as the terms of the bill of the honorable Senator
from Illinois? It goes as far, with this difference
only, that this is left to the discretion of the Pres-
sident, as the other parts of the bill are. It might
have been or might not have been an oversight on
the part of the honorable Senator from Illinois to
make the will of the Piesident necessary in order
to take any other property than slaves, and to ex-
clude the will of the President in taking slaves;
but there is no reason for it. If we trust the dis-
cretion of the Executive in the one case, we ought
Co trust it in the other. Neither is )usti£ed bift
