2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
down the doctrine that " incorporalia bello non ad-
quirunter;" arid also remarks:
"Unde si civis ab hoste.eaptus fuerit, bona istius,qu®
stmul eapta non fucrunt, non adquiiunter captenti; sed
ad cum peivemunt, n"on) leges cmles, ad successionera
vocabantsi este natuiah morte functus esset."
Upon which Lord Ellenborough, in the case of
Wolf against Oxholm, (6 Maule and Selwyn, p.
92,) obseives:
« If things belonging to a captive enemy, but not actually
taken, do not pass to ttie conquering enemy, how can tilings
belonging to a person not made captive be legally acquired
by an enemy who is not a conqueror, either as to the person
or the things?"
In the case referred to, Lord Ellenborough de-
cided that an ordinance made by the Government
of Denmark, pending hostilities with Great Brit-
ain, whereby all ships, goods, moneys, and mon-
ey's worth, of or belonging to English subjects,
■were declared to be sequestrated and detained, and
by which nil persons were commanded, within
three days, to transmitan account of debts due to
English subjects, in default of which they were to
be proceeded against in the exchequer, was not
conformable to the usage of nations and was,
therefore, void, and he gave judgment against the
defendant, notwithstanding he had previously
paid the amount of the debt to commissioners ap-
pointed in virtue of the ordinance to receive pay-
ment. The conclusion of the opinion in that case
is as follows:
"Considering, therefore, that the right of confiscating
dobts contended for on the authority ot these eltauons from
Vauel, is not recognized hy Giouih, and t*i impugned by Puf-
feiiclorft'and otbei-?, that such confiscation w.h not gt'iieial
at any pcuod of time, an J that no insta ice of u, except the
ordinance In question, i - to he found lor something moie
than a century. We think onrjudgiiH'nt would bo piegnant
of mischief to futuie times it \vo did not deelaie that in
our opinion tills ordinance and the pajment to coinuus-
Moncrs appointed under it, do not fuinMi a defense to the
present action ; and if they cannot do this of themselves,
neither can they do m> by the aid of the pioeeeding-s m the
Danish court. 'The parties went into that eomt expecting
jititiee according to the then exiting lawa of the countiy,
and are not bourn! by the qua-hmg of their suit In conse-
quence of a subsequent ordinance, not confounahlc to the
usage of nations, and which therefore they could not expect,
nor are they or wo bound to legard."
That confiscation is contrary to the modern law
of nations ia further evidenced by what occurred
in 1853, on behalf of the Lombards, who had been
obliged to leave the Austrian dominions in conse-
quence of the unsuccessful attempt at revolution
in Jtuly in 1848-49. On thatoccasion the leclama-
tions of Sardinia on behalf of those refugees, and
to prevent the confiscation of their propei ly, weie
earnestly sustained nt Vienna, both by England
and France. On no other principle could those
Powers have interfered than that such confiscation
was contrary to the law of nations. (See page 168
of the introduction to the last edition ofWheaton.)
Again, sir, the same principle has been de-
cided in this country in an opinion by Judge
Sprague. lie settled the principle that confisca-
tions of property, not for any use made of it in
wat, which go not against an offending article of
property, but are infiictcd for the peisonal delin-
quency or crime of the party, are punitive, and
that all punishments should be inflicted only on
conviction by due process of law for personal
guilt. There is the great advantage of the bill pro-
posed by tin* Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] ovur the bill of the House of Representa-
tives, it conforming, to some extent at least, with
the provisions of the Constitution in reference to
trial by jury-, but for neither of these bills shall I
vote.
It may be said that the principle for which I
contend applies only to hostilities between foreign
nations, out Vattel docla res that " the common
laws of war are in civil wars to bo observed on both
sides. The same reasons which make the obli-
gations between foreign States render them ne-
cessary in the unhappy circumstances where two
exasperated parties are destroying their common
country;" and the action of France and England
referred to evidences the correctness of the decla-
ration. Let us avoid a like interference by foreign
Powers in behalf of humanity by abstaining from
those acts which the law of nations condemns. I
am aware of the attempts to disregaid the facts
which determine the character of the present con-
test— that our Government, while taking advant-
age of belligerent lights in instituting blockades,
and in doing similar acts, has professed to regard
the existing state of things as ail insurrection
merely, and not a chil war. The distinction in
this case is nowhere more ably stated than in the
chapter of Vattel to which I have referred, and 1
believe no foreign publicist will be disposed to
deny what Lord Lyons was instructed, in Janu-
ary, to say to Mr. Seward, that insurrection
extendingover nineStates in sp^eWd ten months
in duration can only be considered as a civil war.'
But, sir, we ourselves have determined the char-
acter of our present struggle. Day after day it
has been declared on this floor and in the other
House of Congress that we are engaged in war.
On the 22(1 of Julylast,in the resolutions adopted
by Congress, and .before referred to, it was de-
clared that when the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion was vindicated and the Union preserved, the
war ought to cease. We have adopted all the
usages and ceremonies of war. What mean your
flags of truce, your commissions to negotiate for
the exchange and your actual exchange of pris-
oners? Were these things ever done in an insur-
rection or a rebellion? Sir, you have acknowl-
edged the existence of war; and war has its laws,
its rights, its duties, which nations cannot disre-
gard, but are bound to respect.
Mr. President, I will detain the Senate no longer
with the discussion of this measure. As means of
punishing treason, its provisions are so flagrantly
unconstitutional that few will venture to claim for
it constitutional authority. Due process of law,
trial by jury, and judgment of courts of common-
law jurisdiction are wholly ignored by it. Pro-
ceedings in rem are to bo the efficient means for
ihoforfeiture ofestates and condemnation for trea-
son against the Government. As a war measure,
it contravenes the well-established principles and
violates the practice of all modern civilized na-
tions. As a measure of policy, it is repudiated by
reason and condemned by humanity, its adoption
can only prolong the war and render separation
final and forever. No happier rebuke lias been
given to the attempts to barbarize our insane civil
war than the remarks of Lord Russell in reference
to the stone blockade, as repeated by Lord Lyons
to Mr. Seward:
(t The object of war is peace, and the purposes of peace
are mutual good will and advantageous commercial Inter-
com se; hill this pioeeeding would tiepiive war of its legit-
imate objects by stripping pcace of its natural fiutts."
In the remarks! have submitted I have had but
one object in view: the dischaige of a solemn duty
to my bleeding and distracted country. Could
passion cease to govern and reason be allowed to
control our action, we might, in the providence of
God, even yet rescue our institutions from de-
struction and perpetuate them to remotest genera-
tions. Whatever shall be the result of this con-
test, as long as there shall remain a hope for the
preservation of constitutional liberty, 1 shall re-
main true to my allegiance to that Government to
which 1 owe all that I am and all that I hope to
be, even until I shall be gathered to my fathers in
the midst of that people among whom both they
and I were born. Their people shall be my peo-
ple, tlieirGod my God, and where they arc buried
there also will I finally repose. My fervent prayer
is that peace, haimony, fraternal union may be
again restored and one flag proudly float from
ocean to ocean and from lakes to gulf; that the
Federal Government, based upon an unchanged
Constitution, may again dispense its blessings to
a united, happy, prosperous, and free people.
Mr. HOW A RD addressed the Senate in opposi-
tion to theamendmentofMr.Clark. [Hisspeech
will be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer two or
three amendments to the House bill which will
take but a short time, and 1 may as well offer
them now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We desire to have an ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. CLARK. Let the Senator from Ohio offer
his amendments first.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer two or
three amendments to the House bill. They are
merely verbal amendments, except one. t will
offer them now or at any other time that will suit
the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Offer them, and have them
printed, and let them lie over.
Mr, SHERMAN. They do not require to be
printed. They are simply to strike out words.
The first amendment is on page G of the House
bill, line five of section seven, to strike out the
words, 41 ninety days," and to insert, " one
year;" and"then after (he word " provided," in
line six, to strike outall down to the word " pro-
ceeds," in line nine, and insert what I send to the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio proposes the following amendment to
the original or principal bill, which is the bill of
the House of Representatives, and which is open
to perfection before the question shall be taken on
stiikins: it out and inserting a substitute.
The Secretary read the amendment on page 6 of
the House bill, line five of section seven, to strike
out the words " ninety days," and to insert the
words 4< one year;" and in line six, after the woid
" provided," to strike out the words:
Exhibit his claims to the Secretary of the Treasury, who,
upon proof of the loyalty of the claimant and the justice of
the claim, shall have power to allow and pay the same out
of such pioceeds.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
By petition present his claim to the comt having juris-
diction of such property under the provisions of this act,
which court shall, upon satisfactory pioof that the petitioner
has not been engaged in armed rebellion against the United
States, or in aiding and abetting such rebellion, and shall
present satisfactory proof of the justice and amount of such
claim, shall deteimme the amount due on such claim, and
upon a propeily authenticated transcript of such judgment,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the same out of the
pioceeds of such pioperty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be first taken on the first amendment proposed,
•which has no connection with the second one.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is absolutely physically
impossible for the Secretary of the Treasury to
pass upon these claims within ninety days. I have
spoken to sonic members of the House committee
about it. This amendment substitutes the courts
having jurisdiction of the property to fix the
amount of liens upon the property instead of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on striking out " ninety days," and insert-
ing " one year.'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted in this thin Senate. I think
we had better vote upon these questions together.
I do not know but that it would be a wise amend-
ment; but I am opposed to altering the House bill.
This is an amendment of detail; we can extend
the time hereafter. We have had a great deal of
controversy about this confiscation question, and
I think the wisest course would be to adhere to
the House bill, and make it a law. If we under-
take to amend it, the amendments, I fear, will be
infinite. 1 do not say this because I am satisfied
with the House bill. I am not. I should have
fiamed a different bill; but if it should be the sense
of the Senate not to adopt the substitute, but to act
on the House bill, I think it would be the wisest
course. I mean as to details—not to amend it un-
less there is some insurmountable obstacle in it;
but to make it a law, and rely upon changing it
hereafter as to the length of time when these claims
shall be exhibited and as to the mode of proceed-
ing. At all events, whether that course is adopted
or not, i trust the question will not be taken m so
thin a Senate as wo have here now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to say that
I wish to offer this amendment at some time; I do
not care when. I desire to vote for the House
bill, and wish to put it in such a condition that 1
can vote for it. I certainly would not throw on
the Secretary of the Treasury the burden of de-
termining all the liens on all the property of all the
leaders of this rebellion in ninety days; it would
be simply an absurdity; and therefore I want
some amendments to the House bill; I do not care
whether they are voted on now or at some future
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will see that this section applies only to the case
of persons whose property is sold. Now, it will
be some time before this property is sold and
j brought into the Treasuiy. It reads:
j That m all cases arising under tins act wheie the pro-
ceeds of pioperty >o!d shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, a distinct account shall be kept linn eof, and
any creditor of the former ownei of s>uch propeity may,
within ninety days—
That, I suppose, would be ninety days after the
money was paid in,and if certainly would bo some
time hence before this proceeding hi rem would
take place, and the properly be condemned. ] am
not sure but that the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio is a good one. What I objected to was
