f 1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2908
to taking the question in a thin Senate, and I
wished to make the suggestion that it would be
very desirable to take the House bill without
amendment if we can. If we cannot, if we are to
amend it, there are several particulars in which I
should like to amend it.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 24, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byrox Sunderland, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TAX BILL.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I rise to a
question of privilege. I ask the consent of the
House to change the vote 1 yesterday gave on the
tax bill, from the negative to the affirmative. I
voted against the bill from a misapprehension of
the action of the conference committee. I under-
stood that the committee, whose report was not
printed, had assented to the repeal of the direct
tax, and therefore voted against the bill. But on
examination I find I was-mistaken, and desire to
change my vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As the change of
vote in this instance could not change the result,
I see no objection to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island. It is, however, a pre-
cedent which it may be dangerous to follow in
other instances.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
change his vote by unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will not object
in this instance.
No objection being made, the change was ac-
cordingly made.
Mr. NOliLL. I ask consent to record my vote
upon the same bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must interpose
the usual objection if my colleague was not pres-
ent when the bill was passed.
Mr. NOELL. I desire, then, to announce that
if 1 had been present, I would have voted for the
bill.
NIAGARA SHIP CANAL.
Mr. VAN HORN submitted the following res-
olution; which was, by unanimous consent, read,
considered, and agreed to:
RcsoU-ei, That all the paper* on file in relation to the con-
struction of a ship canal aiound the Falls of Niagaiabe
referred to a select committee of seven to be appointed by
the Chair, Willi leave to report by bill or otherwise.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTY.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back House
bill (No. 540) making appropriations for the pay-
mentofthe bounty authorized by the sixth section
of an act entitled " An act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and
protecting public property,'' approved July 22,
1861, and for other purposes, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass. It is the same bill that was
agreed upon by the committee of conference. I
move that it be put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that the fol-
lowing sums be appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed: for payment of
the bounty to widows, children, fathers, mothers,
brothers, and sisters of such volunteers as may
have died or been killed in service, authorized by
the sixth section of an act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and
protecting public property, approved July 22,1861,
S5 000,000, or so much as may be found neces-
sary; provided, the bounty shall be paid to the
following persons, and in the order following, and
to no other person: first, to the widow of such de-
ceased soldier; second, to the children of such de-
ceased soldier, share and share alike; third, to the
following persons, provided they be residents of
the United States: first to his father; or if he shall
not be living, or has abandoned the support ot his
family, then to the mother of such soldier; and
if there be neither father nor mother, then such
bounty shall be paid to the brothers and sisters of
the deceased soldier. For compensation of twenty
additional clerks hereby authorized to be employed
in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, to
wit: for fifteen clerks of the first class, $18,000;
for five clerks of the second class, $7,000; and that
$3,000, or so much as may be found necessary, be
appropriated for the expenses of the committee on
disloyal employes of the Government, appointed
by resolution of the House of Representatives,
July 8, 1861; and that that part of the sixth sec-
tion of the act to authorize the employment of vol-
unteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property, approved July 22, 1861, which
secured to the widow, if there be one, and if not
the legal heirs of such volunteers as die or may
be killed in service, in addition to all arrears of
pay and allowances, a bounty of $100,, shall be
held to apply to those persons who have enlisted
in the regular forces since the 1st of July, 1861,
or shall enlist in the regular forces during the year
1862, and be paid to the heirs named in this act,
and that the bounties herein provided for shalUbe
paid out of any money appropriated for bounty to
volunteers.
Mr. WOOD moved to strike out the words
"provided that they be residents of the United
States." 0
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I demand the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not. Unless we get
through with the Treasury note bill in the morn-
ing hour, we will not get through with it to-day.
I move the rules bo suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Treasury note
bill, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Walton, of Vermont, to insert,
after the word " direction," the words " or to be
printed only at the Treasury Department, under
the direction of the Secretary, if he shall so de-
termine." „ , ,
Mr. WALTON. I am satisfied that the sec-
tion is right as it stands, and I withdraw my
amendment. .
The question then recurred on striking out the
second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. Awl be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and is herpby authorized, ill case he shall
think it inexpedient to procure said note?, or any part
thereof, to be engtaved and printed by contract, to cause
the said notes, or any part thereof, to be engraved, printed,
and executed, in such form as he shall prescribe, at the
Treasury Department, in Washington, and under his direc-
tion : and lie is Jiereby empovveied to purchase and provide
all the machinery and materials, and to employ such per-
sons and appoint such officers as may be necessary for tins
purpose.
The amendment was rejected.
Section third:
Sec. 3- And he it further enactcd, That the limitation
upon temporary deposits ot United States notes with any
As«i-tant Treasurei ,or designated depositary authorized by
the Secretary of the Treasury to receive such deposits to
©50 000,000, be, and is hereby repealed: and the Seeretaiy
ot the Treasury is authorized to receive such deposits, un-
der such regulations as he may proscribe, to such amount
as he may deem expedient, not exceeding ^0°,000,000, for
not less than thirty days, in sums not le&& than $100, at a
rate of interest not exceeding live per cent, per annum,
and any amount so deposited may be withdrawn fioui de-
posit at any time after ten days' notice, on return of the
certificate of deposit: Provided, however, That United
States notes, to an amount not Jess than ono third ot the n0-
gregate sum of said deposits, shall at all times be reserved
in the Treasury of the United States, or from issue under
this act, for the purpose of securing prompt payment of such
deposits on demand: And provided further, That certifi-
cates of deposit and of indebtedness issued underthisor
former acts may be received on the same terms as united
States notes in payment for bonds redeemable after five
and payable in twenty years.'
No amendment was offered.
Fourth section:
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury may, at any time until otherwise ordered by
Congress, and under the restrictions imposed by the act to
authorize i national Joan, and for other purposes, borrow,
on the credit of the United States, such part of the sum of
,<5*250,000,000 mentioned in said act as may not have been
borrowed, under the provisions of the same, within twelve
months from the passage thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That no United States notes shall be issued
under this act when the bonds of the United States can be
sold or negotiated at not less than par.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Sections five and six were then adopted, as fol-
lows: „
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any part of the
appropriation of $10,000 for the detection and bringing to
trial of persons engaged in counterfeiting the coin of the
United States made by the act entitled "An act making
appropriations lor the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1861,"may be applied in detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons engnged in counterfeiting Xreas-
uiy notes, bonds, or other securities of the United States,
as well as the coin of the United States. And to carry into
cffcct the preceding sections of this act, the sum of $300,000
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enactcd. That all the provisions
of the act entitled " An act to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding thereof, and
for funding the floatingdebtofthe United States," approved
February 25,1862, so far as the same can or may be applied
to the provisions of this act, and not inconsistent therewith,
shall apply to the notes hereby authorized to be issued.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
on the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. HortonJ .
Mr. STEVENS. My impression is that that
substitute was not offered, as it could not have
been offered at the time, but that it was merely
read for information.
Mv. SPAULDING. The gentleman from Ohio
is absent from the city. The Globe states that
the substitute was only read for information.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the substitute is not pending. The question
recurs on the substitute of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] which has just
been gone through with.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill and amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker haying
resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps, of Missouri,re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 187) to
authorize an additional issue of United States
notes, and for other purposes, and had directed
him to report the same back with an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion. ,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to; and then
the bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SPAULDING demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Bally,
Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Jacob li. Blair, bamuel
S. Blair, Blake,William G. Blown; Campbell, Casey,'Ctf am-
berlin, Claik, Collax, Cutler. Davis, Duel),
Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Ely Ferlton, Fessenden, Fran-
chot, Granger, Gurley, Ilaight, Hale, Ha", nwel'8">
son. Hooper, Hutcliins, Keiley, Francis 'W. Kellogg,, Lans-
ins.Loomis, Loveioy, low, McKniglit,Maynsvd, Mitchell,
Moorhead,Nixon,Noell, Nugen.Olin,
Pomcroy, Potter, Price, John H. luce, lliddle, Sargent,
