1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion. There is no choice. If by fraud or duress
the people arc prevented from giving free expres-
sion to their wishes by their votes, there is no
choice of the people-, the people are without that
opportunity to elcct which is conferred upon them,
and which lies at the very foundation of our elect-
ive system. This, I apprehend, to be well set-
tled law; and in this connection I will-ask the
Clerk to read the one hundred and eighty-first
paragraph from the Laws and Practice of Legis-
lative Assemblies, by Mr. Cushing.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The great principle which lies at the foundation of ali
elective government, and is essentia!, indeed, to the vety
idea of election, i<, that the cicctors shall befteo in thegiv-
in« of thoir sntfiages. This principle was declared by the
English Parliament, with tegard to elections in gcnciai, m
a statute of Edward I, and with icgaid to the election ot
members of Parliament in the declaiation ot lights. I ho
same piinciple is asserted or implied in the constitutions ot
all the States of the Union. Freedom of election h violated
by external violence, by which th<* electors are consttamed,
or by bribeiy, bv which their will h coirupted; and 111 all
cases where the elcctoisaio pievented in either of these
wavs from the fiee exeicise of tlieii rights, the election will
be void without lcferenco to the number of votes thereby
affected. *'
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That, Mr. Speaker, I ap-
prehend to bo good law; and if it is not, I have
been misled by that authority. It seems to me
that reason coincides with it, because, as I said
just now, the idea of election implies free choice;
and if the people of a district are under duress
there is no choice, and consequently no election.
Mr. UPTON. In this case the only choice was
between fidelity to the flag of the Union and the
rebel flag.
Mr. SH EFFIELD. X will answer that remark
in a moment, in another connection. I say that
that choice which constitutes an election may be
defeated cither by force or by fraud, and the will
of the electors be thereby thwarted; and whenever
this is dojie, 110 matter in what way, there con be
no election. The sitting member says that he is
faithful to the Hag of the Union. Sir, I believe he
is faithful to that flag. He has shown his devo-
tion to it, and I admne lus heroism and patriotism.
But because he and these men who voted for him
at Ball's Cross Roads are devoted to that flag, I
cannot believe that lie is entitled to a seat upon
this floor. For I cannot presume that all the loyal
men in the district were there and voted for him.
Only ten men cast their votes for him. It they
are the only loyal men in the district, then we are
reduced to the olid-native of determining whether
ten loyal men in the State of Virginia shall be
entitled to a Representative upon tins floor, to
countervail the votes of one hundred thousand
loyal people of the district which I lepresentliere.
Are ten men in Viiginia to have the same power
in this House as a hundred thousand of the people
of Rhode Island? Loyal as these, men in Virginia
may be, no man will say—no man dare say—that
the people of Rhode Island are not as loyal as the
people of any State in this Union.
Mr. 1-IARltISON. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island allow me a single moment?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. With a great deal of
pleasure.
Mr HARRISON. I understand the fact to be
conceded on all hands^that all the loyal voters
residing in the congressional district from which
the sitting member claims to have been elected,
who could, or chose under the circumstances to
do so, voted at theelcction, which was held at the
time prescribed by the laws of Viiginia for the
holding of elections for members of Congress from
that State. Now, therefore, I submit to my learned
friend from Rhode Island, (whose legal opinions
have great weight with me,) whether an election
thus held is not valid, although only ten votes
may have been cast, in consequence of the treason
of some citizcns of the district and the duiess im-
posed by traitois upon other citizens, who were
disposed to disehnrge in good faith the duty of
participating in the election; and which duress the
sitting member and his loyal supporters did ah in
their povv'or to ics:st.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman for an opportunity to answer that ques-
tion, for it contains the only aigument which can
be made ill behalf of this claimant, compactly
stated. I answer it thus: that if all the rest ot the
people of the district were overborne or heid m
duiess by riot or tumult, or, what is woise, le-
belhon, they would not be entitled to be repie-
sented here; and this is in accordance with the
authoiity which has just been read to the House,
because the majority of the people would be pre-
vented from expressing their choice, and conse-
quently there could be no election. It is^to be
presumed that there are other loyal men in the
district besides these ten who voted for the sitting
member, and that they were overawed. The
learned gentleman from the Cleveland district
[Mr. Riddle] told us—and I may admit a part of
what he said—that it is to be presumed that all
the men in that district are loyal. That is to be
presumed to be so until the fact appears to be the
contrary, and hence this fact overthrows the pre-
sumption, yet I think that it may be fairly pre-
sumed that there are many loyal men in that dis-
trict.
It is true that there were a great many disloyal
men there. The fact is patent, is notorious, and
is to form a page in American history, that Vir-
ginia, the home of Washington, the home of Hen-
ry—Virginia, which has given to this country so
many great men, presented her face and raised her
hands against this Union and against the Consti-
tution to which Washington subscribed. There
were disloyal men in her midst—men who have
cast a pall over all her former glories, and have
dimmed her fair name as it stands upon the page
of our history. These disloyal men were men-
acing, overawing, holding tile people in bondage.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] tells
you that this claimant, brave and heroic as he
was, was driven from his home, with all his fam-
ily, and compelled to leave behind him all his
earthly possessions. If the principle is to prevail
which is to entitle this gentleman to a seaton this
floor, what congressional district is there in the
whole South that cannot find its ten loyal men-
ay, ten times ten and more? Who that has read
the accounts of the progressofourgunboatsup the
Tennessee river does not believe that there are in
that State congressional districts not repiesented
here which could present claims to be represented
here many times stronger than those of the seventh
congressional district of Viiginia, now or at the
time of this election? Theic is not one who does
not believe so. Are we to adopt this principle that
any one who will come here claiming a seat is
entitled to it? no matter how lie professes to have
been elected, so long as he brings a certificate fi om
somebody that somewhere an election was held
by some persons, he will be entitled to his seat?
We shall soon have a full House. I for one am
not willing to adopt this precedent. In this case
the electors were loyal.
But men may come here, under a claim such as
is presented by the gentleman from Virginia,
steeped, it may be, from the crown of the head to
the sole of the foot in treason. They may knock
at our door, and we will be compelled to admit
them here to fellowship with us.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I certainly ha\c as much
sympathy with the men of the bolder States as
my friend from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden',]
has expressed so much m his recent speech, and
so little by his votes heretofore. I have as much
sympathy with them, I trust, as my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Riddle,] and I have expressed as
'much, I trust, by my votes as he has. But 1
would not desecrate this place by admitting men
to occupy scats here who are not entitled to them.
To entitle a man to a seat here, he must be the
choice of his constituents, and that choice muot
be constitutionally and lawfully expressed. I
believe thut the people are as much bound by the
law regulating elections, as the members of the
House of Representatives are bound by it. I do
not believe that the people have a right to alter the
law or to alter the Constitution in any other form
than that prescribed by the Constitution. I be-
lieve that it is as much binding on them as it is on
us. They must express their will according to
the law, according to the Constitution. Otherwise
their act is a mere void act, and goes for nothing.
If the people of this congressional district were so
uuilei duress on the 23d day of May last that they
could not express their choice according to law,
and that they did not so express it. then the pre-
tended election then held was no election, and is
merely void. .
Now, let us establish the principle in this case
that ten men can get together at a cross roads ami
elect a member of Congress, and we will no long
have vacant seats here. I, for °n0> cannot con-
sent to any such position. It seems to me that
we may look over the whole of these technical
questions raised by gentlemen on both sides ofthis
question to the great substantial fact that is every-
where patent in this case—that the people of the
seventh congressional district of Virginia were
under duress, were restrained by a lawless mob
on the 23d day of May last. That is enough,
according to the parliamentary practice of every
legislative assembly on earth. It is enough for me
to stand on, in giving my vote against this claim-
ant. My feelings have been drawn out toward
the gentleman from Virginia. I sympathize
strongly with him. I should be glad to vote for
him to-day as a member of this House, if I could
do so consistently with the duty which I owe to
the American people by my position here. But
I cannot do it.  
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, I beg the in-
dulgence of the House while 1 state, in the brief-
est possible form, the reasons which will control
my action on the case now before it. At our
special session in July, the gentleman whose case
is now under consideration, with several other
members claiming to represent the State of Vir-
ginia, took his seat on this floor. They were
elected under the same law which controlled the
election of members of Congress in Virginia in
May 1861, if such election were provided for by
law. His name was entered on the roll of the
House. My ingenious friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has testified, in answer to his own
ingeniously put question, to a witness who he was
aware knew nothing about the fact, that the gen-
tleman from Virginia induced the Clerk to put his
name on the roll, as if there was something unfair
or improper m the mode in which it was entered.
But I shall speak on the evidence before the com-
mittee, and not allow them to testify against a
member whom they induced the House, several
days ago, to forbid taking any further testimony.
His scat was questioned at that time, but solely
011 the ground that he was ineligible to an election
as member of Congress, because he was not an
inhabitant of the State. That question was raised
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] It was
considered by the House. His admission was sus-
pended for a time; but he was finally admitted as
eligible, and he took his seat. That question has
been reviewed by the committee, and they came to
the same conclusion: that he was within the terms
of the Constitution of the United States, an in-
habitant of the State of Virginia, and was entitled
to an election. Since, the contestant for his seat
has appeared, claiming to have been elected, not
at the time nor under the law when and under
which Mr. Upton claims to have been elected, but
claiming to have been elected under a law of the
new government of Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. What report docs my friend
allude to ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I say the report of the
Committee of Elections has now said that he was
not ineligible, being an inhabitant of the State of
Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. That is the present report.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes; the present report.
He was elected under a law by virtue of which
another gentleman from Virginia claimed a seat
the other day, which claim was rejected. I shall
have occasion to say a word more on the subject
of his claim hereafter.
Nov/, I desire to state in the outset a fact which
everybody in the House knows, and which ap-
pears on the papers here—that none of the mem-
bers from Virginia, who took their seats here in
July, complied fully with the election law of Vir-
ginia in force at the time of their election, namely,
m May, 1861. They complied, each of them, as
far as the revolutionary proceedings of their re-
spective districts permuted, and were admitted on
the ground that full compliance was rendered im-
possible, and, therefore, unnocessaiy, by such
revolutionary proceedings. The law of Virginia
provides that these commissioners and conductors
of elections shall make returns of the poll-book,
with their certificate, to the sheriff of the county;
that the sheriff shall return it with his certificate to
the Governor of the State; and that the Governor
of the State shall issue a proclamation or certifi-
cate of election to the several members who appear
to have been elected. Just so far as compliance
with this law was possible, it was followed out by
all the Representatives from Virginia, who were
