THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
admitted to seats on this floor. I say, therefore,
that in admitting these members, this House has
determined and decided by its action that the
election law of Virginia had not been abrogated
by the revolutionary proceedings of the State
authorities or convention; that an election under
it was valid; that there was a law in force at the
time when this gentleman claims to have been
elected; that proceedings under that law were valid
and constitutional; and that it was unnecessary to
pursue the forms provided by that law any fur-
ther than the political condition of their respective
districts would allow. Now, under that law, the
sitting member claims his seat. He was guilty
of no fraud. Ho proceeded openly and in good
faith to procure an election on the day and in the
mode prescribed by the law of the State which we
have determined to have been then in force, and
not abrogated by the revolutionary convention of
that State.
The committee have cited proofs showing that
lie was a candidate, that he was openly announced
in thepublicjournalsof that district; forinstance:
in the Alexandria Gazette of the 17th of May, in
the Fairfax County News of the same date, and
in the National Intelligencer of this city, on the
20th of May, a paper that circulated extensively
in. that district, in which paper is quoted an ex-
tract from a correspondent of the Richmond Ex-
aminer threatening Mr. Upton, and threatening
all those who attempted to vote for him or take
part in that election, with all the pains and pen-
alties of treason against the State of Virginia.
It will be seen, therefore, that tlft Committee of
Elections present abundant proof that the election
was public;^ that the intention of Mr. Upton to
hold himself out as a candidate was made public;
that it was well known throughout the district; that
there was no fraud upon the electors of the dis-
trict by putting up a candidate in some concealed,
obscure, fraudulent way, in order to bring here a
few votes, and claim an election upon them. No
such thing is pretended in this case. Neither was
the sitting member actuated from any motives of
personal ambition. He was determined that his
district should be represented under the laws of
the State; and for that purpose, as is shown in
this report, he solicited other persons in his dis-
trict, gentlemen of reputation and character, who
were supposed to be Union men at the time, to
become candidates for the place he now occupies.
They refused for fear of popular violence, for fear
of the pains and penalties ol treason denounced
against them by the [evolutionary authorities of
the State. But Mr. Upton, with that nobler
courage, dared to brave those penalties and bring
himself before the people of his distiict as a can-
didate for Congress.
I am obliged to the gentleman who preceded
mo m this debate, [Mr. Sheffield,] who cited
the statute of Edward, in regard to the freedom of
elections in that country from which we have de-
rived our principles of justice and liberty. The
quotation made by the gentleman from Rhode
Island was to the eilect that elections shall be
free; that they shall express (be choicc of the peo-
ple, that fraud or violence shall vitiate an election.
But how does it become the gentleman to cite that
authority against the sitting member here? If he
had come here, having used threats, intimidation,
or force, to keep the people away from the polls,
or to control or overrule them in their choice; if
he had been guilty of fraud, 111 any manner, in
connection with the election or m procuring the
evidence that he was elected, that law would have
become applicable, and should have had theelt'cct
of shutting him out from his place.
But here the gentleman would have this House
decide thatwhen a man guilty of nofraud,guilty
of no corruption, guilty ot'no bribery, guilty ofno
violence, claims his seat, because his opponents,
those who disapprove his action, because they
have endeavored to defraud the people, because
they have attempted to prevent the expression of
their choice by violence and revolution, therefore
the innocent candidate for his seat is attempted to
be shut out from his place. It seems to me the
authority is an unfortunate one to cite against the
claimant for his seat here.
I say again—because I would not weary the
patience of the House—that there was one poll
opened m his district for a member of Con°ross.
At Ball's Cross Roads the polls were regularly
opened by the commissioner or conductor of elec-
tions; and in that precinct Mr. Upton obtained
ten legal votes for the position which he holds.
No w, the committee have endeavored—not by de-
nying this fact, but by saying they have no evi-
dence of it—to produce the impression upon the
House that there were no legal votes cast for Mr.
Upton at this election. It is in the recollection of
every member, probably, who participated in the
action of the House several days ago, that the
claimant asked permission to take further testi-
mony upon this point. He asserted that he could
prove, by the testimony of the men who conducted
the election, that these votes were cast for him.
The request was opposed on the part of the Com-
mittee of Elections, by their chairman, with the
assertion that there was no dispute in regard to
that fact. Ho admitted openly, in the hearing of
the House, that there were ten votes cast for the
sitting.member. Upon that—I have the right to
say—upon that statement of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, this House refused the
sitting member the privilege of bringing forward
additional testimony. I therefore assume it as a
fact bearing upon this case that they are estopped
from denying now that there were ten votes cast
for this gentleman at that poll opened at Ball's
Cross Roads.
In addition to these, not as legal votes, but as
expressing the choice of the electors, evidence is
produced before the committee, certified to them,
that other persons to a considerable number—the
exact number I do not now remember—at side
polls, where the commissioners, fearful of the pains
and penalties of treason under the laws of Vir-
ginia, icfused to open a poll for members of Con-
gress, although they opened it for State officers—
at these places, voters of the district iegisteied
their names expressing a choice in writing for Mr.
Upton as their Representative in Congress. I
speak of these not because they were regular votes,
but because they go, as far as such evidence ex-
ists, to establish the fact that he was the choice
of the people of the district, and that if they had
not been prevented by the revolutionary proceed-
ingsof the State, they would have cast their votes
for him in a legal way as their Representative in
Congress,and so far as the free choice and wishes
of electors should be heeded, it is justas good evi-
dence for the members of this House as if the
polls had been regularly opened by the proper
officers and their votes had been cast in pursuance
of the laws of the State.
And further, I desire to insist upon this point,
that there is no evidence whatever of any disagree-
ment or dispute among the loyal citizens of that
district as to their choice, there being cast but a
single vote in any way, formally or informally,
for any other man, and that vote was cast at Ball's
Cross Roads for a gentleman by the name of
Mr. WORCESTER. If the gentleman will
allow me for a moment, I think he is mistaken as
to what the incumbent wished to prove in the re-
quest made by him for leave to take further test-
imony some days since. He did not propose to
prove that he had received any votes at all. He
wished to call the conductors who held the elec-
tion for the purpose of proving what the con-
ductor should have said in his testimony taken-
before the committee. The claimant supposed
that the committee had misunderstood this testi-
mony of the conductor in respect to the number
of votes cast, not for member of Congress, but for
a senator, delegate, and other officers.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not understand that
to have been the point at all. Neither did the
Committee of Elections understand it to be the
point, for the reason that the chairman of the com-
mittee said, when the request was urged, that the
fact was admitted, and not denied, that Mr. Up-
ton did receive ten votes by persons at Ball's
Cross Roads who intended to vote for him as
member of Congress. The claimant wished to
produce further evidence as to what the conductor
of the election would say upon that point, claiming
that lie would have testified, and that he supposed
he did testify, to the fact that these votes were re-
ceived; and lie desired to recall him for the pur-
pose of establishing that point—nothing else. That
was the whole point of the controversy, and that
the chairman of the committee distinctly admit-
ted. 1
Mr. WORCESTER. I have before me exactly
what the sitting member did say and what he
wished to prove, and, with the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I will read it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Not now; the gentleman
has an hour in which to close this debate. The
House is quite competent to correct me if I am
wrong.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know whether the
gentleman desftes to be corrected or not. If he
does, I would like to do so.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, if he is not to follow me
in this argument. If I have misstated a fact, and
the gentleman can correct me, I will be glad to
have him do so. I will try to make plain what
was the position of the Committee of Elections on
a former occasion.
Mr. DAWES. The question is not now what
is the position of the chairman of the Committee
of Elections, but what is the position of the gen-
tleman from Virginia. I want the gentleman from
New York to keep to the point.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am keeping to the point.
My point is that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is estopped from disputing a certain fact
because of the admission which he made upon a
former occasion. I have the book here to show
exactly what the gentleman did say.
Mr. DELANO. Let me explain the reason for
sending the book to the gentleman from New York.
It will be remembered that some two or three
weeks ago this question came up in an informal
way, and that the chairman of the Committee of
Elections then declared himself as to the fact of
there having been ten votes cast for my friend
from Virginia, the sitting member. I have sent to
the gentleman who is now addressing the House
the record of that day's transaction for the purpose
of having the matter clearly before the House.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend from New York
will not let me correct him, perhaps he will let me
correct my colleague. The question which has
arisen is whether the sitting member wanted the
privilege of proving that ten men actually voted
for him at Ball's Cross Roads. That is the ques-
tion under discussion at this moment. The record
will show that the contestant did not want any
such thing—that he did not propose any such
thing. He proposed to bring the conductor and
the writer of that election in order to show that
there were more votes cast at that election for other
officers than appeared in the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections. My learned colleague, [Mr.
Delano,] who has just taken his seat, seeing the
point more clearly than the sitting member, came
to his rescue and proposed that we should have
the ten voters who, it was claimed, actually did
vote, to prove whether they did vote or not. I
remarked what I propose to repeat when the gen-
tleman sits down, that I was willing to admit that
ten men did vote on that day just as he has set
forth in his paper, and that they did vote for him.
The incumbent never asked us to let him prove
that. It was suggested by my colleague outside
of the resolution which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia offered himself.
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman from New
York will yield to me for a moment, I will say a
word in reply. Whether the gentleman's col-
league did or did not have a clearer apprehension
of what the exigency of the case required is en-
tirely immaterial. It was at least clear that the
sitting member desired that there should be no
question made, when his case came before the
House, about his having received at least ten
Votes for member of Congress at the time pre-
scribed by the law of Virginia, and at the place
for holding that election. That is all that was
asked for, in order then to have the case clearly
before the House. It seemed to me to be no ex-
travagant favor on the part of the Committee of
Elections to lot the sitting member produce the
evidence before the House which he desired. It
was to obviate that necessity that the chairman
of the Committee of Elections declared what is
contained in that part of his speech which the
gentleman from New York is about to read, that
is, that he would make no question on the point;
that it would be taken as conceded by every mem-
ber of the committee; that the number of voles
claimed by the sitting member, and about which
the report of the committee had created so much
doubt, should be relieved of all doubt whatever,
and taken as having been cast at the proper time
and place for the sitting member.
