1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981*
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is very evident that the
gentleman who claims this seat is not a lawyer,
and that the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions is, and a very adroit one, too. The point,
and the only point, of that resolution was, to
prove that ten men voted for him as member of
Congress on the fourth Tuesday in May, 1801, at
Bali's Cross Roads. That is all he wanted to
prove. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Delano] understood it. The chairman of the
Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawes] understood
it, and so he said:
" There is not a particle of dispute about the facts. The
gentleman docs not claim but ten votes. The committee
arc willing to admit tiiut ten men went and voted for him
at Bail's Cios^s Roads, exactly as he said they did."
Mr. DAWES. I propose to repeat it now.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gentleman cannot make
it plainer by repeating it now. It is as plain as
the English language can make it; and I under-
take to say that no one would have refused to the
gentleman from Virginia permission to bring for-
ward his proof in regard to that fact, if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had not admitted it.
Now, sir, I say that he has those votes which
were regular, besides the expression of other loyal
men in Virginia, at side polls, as they are termed,
which are irregular, which go to show that he
was the choice of the district. We are, in addition,
to presume that many voters were deterred from
voting because of violence threatened, or the pains
and penalties of treason threatened, not by the
sitting member or any of his friends, to prevent
his enemies from expressing their opinions, but
by the men who were determined to establish the
rebel government in Virginia. It is in proof be-
fore the committee that oil that occasion at these
polls in Virginia, the letter of Senator Mason,
which we may all remember, was openly read for
thopurpose of deterring men in that district from
expressing their choice in regard to a member of
Congress.
I come again to the statement that this election
was conducted precisely in the same way and upon
the same principles as those of the other members
from Virginia who were admitted by decision of
the House at that time. The only difference is as
to the number of voters who expressed their opin-
ion. What those numbers were in the other dis-
tiicts depended upon the condition of those dis-
tricts and their freedom from the violence of the
traitors to prevent or deter the people from going
to the polls.
We arc met at this session with this claim of
Beach under the proclamation of the new Gov-
ernor. He claims to have been elected in October
last, under n law passed by the new State gov-
ernment of Vnginia. I refer to the proclamation
of the Governor of Virginia in October, and I find
that the executive authorities of the new State
recognized the validity of elections under the laws
which existed in May before, because the Gov-
ernor's proclamation expressly excepts from his
appeal for elections in October those districts which
were represented under the election in May, so
that Mr. Beach, under any view of the case, has
no ground whatever to stand upon his claim to
represent that district. The seventh district was
not considered vacant by the Governor of Vir-
ginia, and there was no proclamation for an elec-
tion there.
Now, the right of the sitting member to a seat
is denied by the Committee of Elections on two
grounds, to which I desire for a moment to call
the attention of the House, and then I have done
with what I desire to say. The first is, that the
election law of Virginia was not complied with.
As I said before, and repeat now, this is true of
ail the districts represented m July. Compliance
was regulated by power and by the situation of
the respective districts. None of these gentlemen ,
produced the certificate of the Governor that he j
was elected a member of Congress, because the ;
Governor was a traitor, and would grant no certif- j
icate that differed from the ordinance taking that j
State out of the Union. Some produced the cer- j
tificates of loyal sheriffs, to whom the commis- j
sioners of elections made returns. That they were ;
enabled to do, because in some of the counties ot ;
Virginia the sheriffs remained loyal to the Gov- j
eminent. When the sheriffs were traitors, the re-
turns of the loyal commissioners would of course
be suppiessed.
Then wc go back to inquire whether there were
any loyal commissioners who dared to open the
polls and hold irregular elections in which the
wishes of the electors might be expressed. That
we find to have been the case here. In this por-^
tion of the State, at least, the commissioners were
loyal men, and they opened the polls and held
elections for members of Congress. Now what
is the principle which should control us? That
the law of Virginia in relation to elections should
be complied with so far as treason and revolution
would permit, and no further. And that is pre-
cisely the principle upon which all these gentle-
men stand and claim their seats. And when any
man claiming an election under the law goes as
far as the situation of his own district would per-
mit, then he has done all, except what is excusa-
ble, in carrying out the law of the State.
The second objection of the Committee of Elec-
tions to the right of this claimant is one to which
I desire to call the especial attention of the House.
It is, that the ordinance of the Virginia conven-
tion, dissolving the connection of that State with
the General Government, should be allowed by
this Congress to have such force and effect as to
suspend and prohibit the election of members of
Congress. If it had such power and force in the
election in the seventh district, it had such power
in ail the districts; and it is a matter of vast im-
portance to this House, to settle what validity they
will give to this ordinance of the convention of
Virginia. The committee say, and undertake to
prove, that this ordinance was acquiesced in by a
majority of the people. They say that it
" Piacticaliy f-evci^d the tie? and abrogated and repealed
all laws; that bound the Stale to the Geneial Government of
the United Stale?. All this w«vs done, lor aught that is
Miown to the oontiarv, with the appiovnl and concurrence
of a veiy laijre majority of the people, and without the ef-
fective oppositmn'of any of them. Such being the stale of
the dimmer, it i«? a que.-tif>n well woithy of yrave consider-
ation, whether its political condition was such that any elec-
tion tor a memhei of Coni?re*<at that tune should be hold
legally valid, oithei undei the law of Virginia or of the Uni-
ted Slat''-, oven wewsthe evidence of&uch election clothed
with all the ordiuaiv loans oi law."
There this doctrine, which I say is a dangerous
and revolutionary doctrine, is proclaimed by the
Committee of Elections as controlling and gov-
erning this case. They undertake to give effect
to the oidinance of a rebel State which severs its
connection with the General Government, and
makes any proceeding invalid under the preceding
laws of the State of Virginia. I say that that doc-
trine recognizes the establishment of this traitor-
ous government, wherever a majority of the peo-
ple assent to. Jt, in any State of this confederacy.
And I say it is a doctrine as dangerous and as
weak as any that Jeff Davis or any of his cabinet
has ever claimed m any period of this controversy.
I ask this Congress to pause before they establish
this doctrine of the committee. I ask them to
reflect before they give effect to the ordinance of
a rebel State, which undertakes to nullify the laws
under which members of Congress hold their scats.
I ask if loyal citizens have not rights, and whether
they shall not have encouragement and support
in their resistance to treasonable measures by
this Congress; and whether, in addition to the
pains and penalties which are threatened by rev-
olutionary governments in their own States, you
will disfranchise every loyal inhabitant of the
State of Virginia? Their own State pronounces
them traitors, and you say that the same act shall
have such force and effect with you as will dis-
franchise them. I say this is an important ques-
tion, and if the principle is true, it should shut
out ail members elected under that law m May
last m the State of Virginia. It is not too late.
These men all stand upon the same foundation.
You have admitted members from several districts
in Virginia, claiming no other and no better title
to a seat than tjie gentleman now on trial before
you. They have all taken their oaths as mem-
bers of this House; and now this committee have
labored, through several pages of their report, to
establish the doctrine that the treasonable conven-
tion of Virginia abrogated its laws, and therefore
that these men have no shadow of a foundation
for their claims as members of this Congress. In
that view of the case, this is a most important
question for the House to decide.
And now, gentlemen, I am disposed to leave
this mattei to the judgment of the House. _ It is
claimed, and the members of the committee in de-
bate upon this floor have claimed, that we should
register its edict, because the Committee of Elec-
tions w6re unanimous in recommending that thjs
person shall not be admitted to his seat. This is
dangerous ground. I say the members of'this
House should be independent in their judgment
upon questions of this importance, without being,
influenced by the decision of any committee. Why,
this doctrine that the committee are infallible and:
cannot err, would have kept the arch traitor Bright
in his scat in the Senate; because the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate unanimously agreed that
he was entitled to retain his place. [A Voice'.
There was one dissenting voice.] One dissenting
voice, a gentleman says. I say that men should
rely upon their own judgments, their own sense of
right and propriety; and they should say whether,
in their own judgments, this district in Virginia,
represented here now by a loyal and true man, as
all his opponents admit, should be disfranchised,
and be driven in disgrace from this House because
the committee are unanimous in their decision
upon it; and whether his constituents shall be un-
represented here because, by violence and fraud,
by the action of a traitorous convention and a
traitor Governor, he has been deprived of the or-
dinary proofs of his election, to which, in peace-
ful times, he would have been entitled. Upon
these grounds I shall vote that the gentleman from
the seventh congressional district of Virginia is
entitled to retain his seat as a member of this
House.
Mr. DELANO obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to my friend from
Massachusetts to give waytoamotion to adjourn,
Mr. DELANO. Iam entirely content to do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
adjourn.
APPORTIONMENT FOR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. I£ELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will suspend one moment, I desire to say that the
Senate have passed, with an amendment, a bill of
the House (No. 104) which went over from last
session, fixing the number of the House of Rep-
resentatives from and after the 3d of March, 1863.
That bill, with the amendment, has come in from
the Senate to-day. The amendment does not at
all vary the principle of the bill; but makes it a
little more simple. I ask the consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table that bill, with a
view to concurring in theamendmentof the Senate.
A Voice, No hurry about it now.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes, sir; there
is a necessity for its immediate passage. We pro-
vided at the lastscssion—and the Senate have con-
curred in that—that there should bean additional
member from six or eight States, on a large frac-
tion. The reason why it is important to pass it
now, is that the Legislatures of many of the States
are now in session, and some of them—Pennsyl-
vania, in particular—are interested in this matter,
and desire to take action on it before they adjourn.
I think there is no objection to the amendment,
and I hope the House will now dispose of the
matter.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a very important
matter, fixing the representation in this House for
the next ten years.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. We have passed
upon it once, and passed the bill, and theamend-
ment of the Senate conforms to the principle
agreed upon by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not insist on my
motion.
Mr. TRAIN. I object to taking up the bill
now. It can be taken up to-morrow morning.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am anxious that the
amendment of the Senate shall be acted on for the
reason stated by the gentleman from Illinois. The
Legislature of Kentucky will shortly adjourn.
Mr. TRAIN. I withdraw the objection.
There being no further objection, the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ments the Senate was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "shall," in line four, to the
end of line ten, and in^eit in lieu thcieof the following:
J3e two hundred and forty-one, and the eight additional
members shall be assigned, one each, to Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Vermont, and
Rhode Island.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded the pre-
vious question on the amendment of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
