1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
in the country will undertake to construct and equip
them under at least $50,000 a mile, and yet the Gov-
ernment gives the poor gratuity of §16,000 a mile,
and takes a mortgage for the whole amount of the
loan.
I tell the gentleman further, that these two
branches are constructed to form a connection with
the main line, extending to the one hundred and
second meridian;and theGovernmentm transpor-
tation over that road, say from Chicago west to
the one hundred and second meridian, and from
St. Louis west to the same point, will save annu-
ally millions of dollars.
In all the measures which have been proposed
for the last ten years for the construction of a great
road to the Pacific, one idea has always been
adopted by intelligent gentlemen who have dis-
cussed this measure, and that is, that two eastern
branches are necessary—two eastern branches
which shall collect the converging commerce of the
East and throw it upon a single main stem. That
has always been considered necessary.
The result of the gentleman's amendment to the
ninth section of the bill will be to destroy the whole
bill, and I hope the committee will vote it down.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow me, I desire to have an amendment
read, and perhaps he will accept it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is that in order ?
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not get excited. I was not
debating the measure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to the gentleman
that I am not in the habit of getting excited. All
1 ask is that the ordinary rules of order be pre-
served.
Mr. ALDRICH. I only ask that my amend-
ment be read, to see if the gentleman from Illinois
will not accept it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the eighth, ninth, and tenth sections, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the following:
That the line of said milroad and telegiaph shall com-
mence at or near FoitKeamey; thence westerly on the
moit approved route to the Saciamento river, or the waters
of the Pacific, in California, with three branches starting
from the Missouri river; the most northern fiomapomt
not further south than Sioux City; said branches to con-
verge and connect with the main stern at or near Fort Keai-
ney,at  aforesaid; and to the one of said branches that shall
first complete it* road trom the Missouri river to the mam
stem, $iu50 00 per mile in bonds shall be issued, bearing five
per cent, mtore-st; to the one that shall next complete us
load, as aforesaid, $7,500 per mile of said bonds shall be
issued; and to the third ^5,000 of said bonds shall be issued
per mile.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the amendment now.
Mr. ALDRICH. Will the gentleman from
Illinois accept it as a modification of his amend-
ment?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I prefer a vote
upon my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the ninth section by adding the following proviso:
Provided, This section shall not take effect until at least
forty miles of the central portion of the Pacific railroad,
provided for in the prior section* of this bill, shall be com-
pleted.
For the reasons I have just stated I propose
this amendment. The object is to give some se-
curity to the country that the central portion of
the Pacific railroad shall be completed at some
time. I believe this to be necessary.
If the friends of this measure are really in favor
of building the mountain portion of the road, they
will give some security to the country by the ma-
chinery of this bill; and they will so arrange the
charter as to provide that the road shall be built,
if any portion of the road is built.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] intimates that I am opposed to the bill, and
that I do not represent my constituents or their
interests. Let me say to the gentleman, if he will
take care of the interests of his own constituents,
he will do as much as most gentlemen are able to
do; and when he proposes to read a lecture to me,
let him come to my room, and if I have nothing
else to do, I will hear him.
Mr. Chairman, I am anxious to guard the in-
teiests of my constituents, and to give m this bill
some assurance to them that this road will be built,
and that it is intended to be built; audit behooves
western men, and it behooves all men who have a
direct interest 111 the road, to see that they do not
farm out tlus road to pet companies. Why not,
I ask the House, charter a company and let the
people subscribe for the whole road? Why not
open the books and let the people, subscribe, and
the Government aid in constructing a road the
whole distance from the Missouri riyer to the Pa-
cific ocean? Why, I ask the House, the country,
and the friends of the bill, make three chavters
instead of one? Let the friends of the bill answer
that to themselves and to the country. I propose
this amendment now for that purpose, and I chal-
lenge every man in favor of this road, to give us
the poor guarantee that forty miles of the road in
the mountain district shall be built before you
build the road upon the plains. If this is not done,
the conclusion is irresistible that it is a scheme to
throw money into the hands of corporations who
shall build profitable portions of the road, and
leave that which is the most expensive, and of
most vital importance to the country, to be built
entirely by the Government.
Mr. SARGENT. Because we are friends of
this bill we vote down, where we are able, all
amendments like that offered by the gentleman
from Illinois. The gentleman proposes by his
amendment to go from four to five hundred miles
from civilization, out into the mountains, where
there is not a rail to be had, where all the mate-
rials of all kinds must be dragged by teams over-
land, and even the laborers to do the grading and
lay the iron must be sought elsewhere. He pro-
poses that we shall go away beyond all facilities
for building a road and commence it there. Does
not that proposition spring from a misconception
of the nature of the work to be done and of the
nature of this bill ? It is necessary that you should
commence upon the edge of civilization, to say
the least; that you should lay down rail after rail;
and in that way, and that way alone, can you
build the Pacific railroad. For that reason it is
necessary to commence on the borders of Mis-
souri. Adopt this amendment, and we will re-
quire the whole work to stop until a portion of the
road can bo built in the interior of the continent,
and you will postpone the construction of the road
until States grow up there and become populated,
and no help by Government be needed, or it be
too late. Some time in the dim future—thirty or
a hundred years from now—if we do not start
from the ends, the interior may be enough de-
veloped to make it possible to start a railroad there.
What good would be done by building forty out
of one thousand miles of the road in the interior?
What guarantee or security is afforded by that?
The central company may comply with this con-
dition, and laboriously pack out on mule back or
by wagons iron and ties, and then manage to get
over the intervening space an engine and one or
two cars to put on the gentleman's forty mile sec-
tion, hundreds of miles from any connecting road,
but what good would it do to the Government, or
how wouid such a useless experiment or labor
facilitate the building of a Pacific railroad? It
would subserve no intcrestof the Government, and
would impose a useless, ridiculous task upon the
central company, which the gentlemen who sit
around the gentleman from Illinois think has
already so hard a task, and so few inducements to
go to work, that that portion o'f the road cannot
be built under this bill. In fact, the very amend-
ment of the gentleman implies that he thinks that
some guarantee is needed that that part of the road
will be built, so at least he declares, yet his amend-
ment only makes more difficult what he professes
to desire.
I am in favor of a Pacific railroad now, and for
that reason I believe in commencing at the ends
where the road should commence. The gentle-
man from Illinois inquires why not open books of
subscription for the whole road. We do open
the books to the people of the United States. Ill
the first place, the $31,000,000 appropriated under
this bill for the central portion, go into the hands
of the people by means of the books which are
required to be opened.
The road across the Sierra Nevada mountains
will cost §75,000 a mile, so report competent en-
gineers. It is proposed that the Government shall
increase the amount of compensation to the com-
pany for the mountainous section, and then it will
not be more than one third of the whole cost. As
the bill provides that where the construction of
the road is most difficult, the Government shall
afford more aid, it is as much an inducement to
the company to construct the road wheie it is
most difficult as it is to construct it where it is least
expensive. I trust the amendment.will be viewed
by the committee in its proper light, and will be
promptly voted down.
The question recurring on the amendment
offered by Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellocg, of Illi-
nois, and Mr. Lehman were appointed. .
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 21, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have-no desire
to induce a call of the House, and with the per-
mission of the committee 1 will withdraw my
amendment, and I will offer a similar one at another
time.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. ALDRICH. I now offer the amendment
which we read a few moments since.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now to
move to strike out the eighth section, as it has
already been passed.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will modify it, then, so as
to strike out the ninth section and insert what was
read.
The amendment was read.
Mr. ALDRICH. Gentlemen will perceive by
hearing the amendment read, that it proposes
three branches from the Missouri river, starting
at different points, and to the first one that shall
be completed to the main stem a bonus of $10,000
a mile is offered; to the one that shall next be fin-
ished, $7,500, and to the last branch, §5,000 a
mile—which is $22,500 a mile for them all. Now,
sir, if this amendment shall be adopted, and the
road is constructed in this manner, it will accom-
modate all portions of the country, and enable all
the great lines of railroads running West to con-
centrate at this point within two hundred or two
hundred and fifty miles west of the Missouri river.
11 strikes me that even the committee cannot oppose
this amendment. I will state that the special com-
mittee have substantially agreed that this amend-
ment shall be put into the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. The special committee never
agreed to put in an amendment that would-be en-
tirely incongruous, and to strike out sections at
random. It does not seem to make any difference
to the gentleman whether he strikes out one, two,
or three sections, because when he found that it
was not in order to move to strike out the eighth
section, he moved to strike out the ninth. The
amendment is offered at random, and is entirely
incongruous, and for that reason it ought not to
be adopted. Taken as a separate proposition and
offered at the proper place, it might be right, but
at this point it is utterly incongiuous, and it would
simply mutilate the bill, without accomplishing
the gentleman's object at all. The gentleman must
see that himself. I oppose his amendment.
Mr. ALDRICH. I am free to say that if this
amendment shall be adopted, it will be necessary
to recommit the bill with instructions to make it
conform to and harmonize with the amendment;
but I think that should be done. I do not think
that we should adopt and make part and parcel
of the law of the land a charter granted by the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, which no one
here has ever seen, and which no one knowsany-
thing about.
Mr. SARGENT. It appears, then, that the
gentleman's object is to have the bill recommitted.
That is another form of the motion to postpone
the bill until December next. The gentleman
knows that a great deal of pains has been taken
by the committee in preparing this bill, that a
greatdeal of care and industry have been bestowed
upon it, and that now is the time for it to pass. If
it is postponed until next December, we shall be
so much hurried in attending to other legislation
which will have accumulated by that time, that it
will have to go over till another session. ^
The question was taken on Mr. Aldjrici: s
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to make the bill
conform to amendments which have already been
adopted, I move to amend the tenth section by
striking out in the nineteenth lino the words
"across satd State or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. By an amendment which
the committee have already adopted, we have
strieken out a railroad company in the Territory
