1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2905
Project forincreasing the efficiency of the engineering branch
of the Army.
The undersigned officers of the corps of engineers and
topographical engineers, believing that legislation in refer-
ence to the two corps is necessary for their efficiency, beg
leave to submit the following considerations:
Taking for basis the best European organizations, a force
of six hundred thousand men should have ten thousand
engineer soldiers, commanded by engineer officers, and, in
addition, three hundred engineer officers for staff duty.
We must obtain engineer soldiers as we have those of
other arms, by assignment of volunteer regiments to such
duty. Three hundred engineer officers qualified for staff
duty cannot be obtained.
If the war were to last ten years, engineers might be ed-
ucated in the field by their own mistakes. In one that must
be short there is no time to educate civilians for what Con-
gress hascallcd ''the most elevated branch of military ser-
vice. "
Any increase must come, then, from the Army.
First. The corps of engineers may be nearly doubled by
uniting to it the corpspf topographical engineers, composed
of officers of like education and ability, and separate from
it without necessity.
Second. It may be further increased by giving its officers
sufficient rank to induce line officers of the regular Army
to transfer to it. Such is not the case at present, and there
are numerous vacancies in it. Look at the Army Register
for September, 1861. The senior first lieutenant of engineers
was almost the only man in his class not a captain. The
senior first lieutenant of topographical engineers, after thir-
teen years of service, was the only man of his class not a
captain. Such are the lewards for entering and taithfully
laboring in corps su pposed to require much ability and much
study, without as well as withm the walls of the Military
Academy.
It has been seen that officers of the corps do not have
proper rankm reference to the line of the Army. Still less
ao they h:\ve proper rank relatively to volunteer officers. It
is well understood that no officer of engineers will be al-
lowed to accept anything below a brigadier general's posi-
tion in the volunteer service, the reason being that his ser-
vices as an engineer officer aie deemed more importantthan
as a colonel. Justicc seems, then, to requite that officeis
of this coi ps should have, dm ing the war, rank commensu-
rate with the importance ot the duties they have to perform.
These duties are recognized by Congress as of paramount
importance.
The selection of positions, the construction of intrench-
ments, the reconnoitenng the positions ot the enemy, and
devising the manner of attacking them ; the constiuction
of military bridges, and the conducting of sieges, &c , are
among the most impoitarit duties of active war, and neces-
sarily bring the officers charged with them into intimate
and confidential relations with the general officers. Thus,
for a stronger reason than mere justice to enjuneerofheers,
they should have lank commensurate with the importance
of their positions, ltank gives weight to professional opin-
ions, and a commanding general scarcely tcels justified in
being influenced by the advice of a mere lieutenant orcap-
tain.
The undersigned believe, then,
First. That it may be safely asserted that the interests of
the service would be promoted by ututing the coips of en-
gineers and topographical engineers.
Second. That thc&e corps do not at present ofFer sufficient
inducements in companion with the rest of the regular
Army to obtain and retain the officers qualified and recom-
mended for them at the Military Academy.
Third. That at present, officeis of engineers do not have
rank corresponding to the importance of tiieir duties, or
sufficient to give proper weight to their recommendations.
And the undersigned submit herewith the draft of a bill
which they believe adequate to the necessities of the case.
Committee of the Corps of Engineers.
J. G. BARNARD,
Major of "Engineers and Bris. Gen. Vol.
D. P. WOODBURY,
Major Engineers, Lieut Col. A. I), C.
B. S. ALEXANDER,
Lieutenant Colonel, A. D. C.
J. C. DUANfi,
Captain of Engineers.
C. B. COMSTOOK,
jFirst Lieutenant Engineers.
D. HOUSTON.
First Lieutenant Engineers.
Committee of the Corps of Topographical Engineers.
J. N. NAUOMU,
Major Top. Engineers, Lieut. Coi. A. D. C.
J. <J. WOODRUFF,
Major Topographical Engineers.
W. R. PALMER,
Major Topographical Engineers.
A. W. WHIPPLE,
Major Topographical Engineers.
S. II. WILLIAMSON,
Captain Topographical Engineers,
H L.ABBOT,
First Lieutenant Topographical Engineers.
An act to promote the efficiency of the Corps of Engineers.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representative?
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the corps of engineers, and the corps of topographical en-
gineers, be, and they are hereby, united into one corps, to
be called the corps of engineers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the organization
of the corps of engineers shall be as follows: Four briga-
dier generals, eight colonels, sixteen lieutenant colonels,
twenty-four majors, twenty-four captains, eighteen first
lieutenants, twelve second lieutenants, one sergeant major,
one quartermaster sergeant, and five companies of enlisted
men as already provided for by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, The relative rank of
the officers of the corps shall be the same as their relative
rank previous to uniting the two corps.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the general offi-
cers herein provided for, shall be appointed by selection
from the commissioned officers of the corps.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the other vacan-
cies herein provided for, shall be filled by regular promotion
of the present officers of the corps. The remaining vacan-
cies shall be filled by graduates of the Military Academy,
who have heretofore, received recommendations from the
academic board for the corps of engineers, topographical
engineers, or ordnance corps, or who may be recommended
by a board of engineer officers to be appointed by the Sec-
retary of War.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That, after the present
vacafreies are filled, all vacancies occurring in the corps of
engineers shall be fille'd only hy graduates of the Military
Academy, who shall have been recommended thereto by
the academic board.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That during the pres-
ent war all officers of the corps of engineers who have
served two years, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments
of captain; those who have served five years, the rank,
pay, and emoluments of major; those who have served ten
years, the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonel;
those who have served twenty years, the rank, pay, and
emoluments of colonel.
Mr. DUNN. It will be perceived by those who
listened to the reading of the communication from
General McClellan, that he recommends the adop-
tion of the bill suggested by the committees of the
engineer and topographical corps, but the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs recommend a more
limited promotion out of regard to the increasing
expenses of the war and the supposed views of
this House, though the recommendation of Gen-
eral McClellan may have been the best. ^
This bill provides not only for the engineer and
topographical corps, but also the commissary de-
partment, leaving but one department unprovided
for, this House having already passed a bill in
regard to the Adjutant General's department. I
now send to the Clerk's desk an amendment by
way of an additional section, embracing the Quar-
termaster General's department.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Snc. —. And ha itfuithrr cimeted, That^there bo added
to the officers now in the Quartermaster General's depart-
ment of the Aim}*, by icgular ptomotion therein, one col-
onel, four lieutenant colonels, and eight majors, who shall
have the same lank in said depaitment as other officers of
like grade therein.
Mr. DUNN. I now ask to have read a com-
munication from General Meigs, which has refer-
ence to the amendment just read.
The letter was read, as follows:
I shall be much gratified to see the foregoing proposition
become law. It will give a deserved rank to officeis who
are rendering most important service to the country, whose
responsibilities are very heavy, whose labors know no in-
termission, no rest or relaxation. Marches, drills, battles,
are occasional, but the labor of provision and supply is un-
ceasing.
There are officersinthe quartermaster's department still
ranking as captains who have served for years, and who,
during the past year of preparation, have worked without
rest all day and far into every night; who have faithfully
disbursed millions of the public money, and who have
equipped and supplied, some of tfeem, over one hundred
and fifty thousand men. They deserve promotion and
reward.
M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster General.
Mr. DUNN. If it is now the pleasure of the
House to recommit this bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with leave to report at any time,
I will yield the floor to such a motion. I do not
wish to press the consideration of the bill at the
present time, but if the committee does not have
leave to report at any time, we may not have an
opportunity to report the bill back during the
present session.
Mr. BLAKE. I make that motion, and hope it
will prevail, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. McPherson,] now absent, desires to be
heard upon the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
BETTER" GOVERNMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask leave to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 348, for the bet-
ter government of the Navy of the United States,
in order that it may be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed. If there
is no objection, I will make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS FROM THE NAVAL COMMITTEE. -
Mr. SEDG WICK. This day was assigned for
the consideration of business from the Naval Com-
mittee. The bill just ordered to be printed is the
principal business, the prize bill to which I referred
before having been incorporated into a Senate bill,
i I move that Thursday of this week, instead of to-
day, be set aside for the consideration of business
from that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now call for the regular
order of business,
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the gentleman
to let me ask the House to allow bill of the House
No. 371, in reference to an oath of office, to be
taken up and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot agree to that,
unless the committee have leave to report at any
time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I must insist on the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
special committees.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote whereby the amend-
men ts of the Senate to bill of the House No. 364,
to aid in constructing a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, were re-
ferred to the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road, and I now report back the bill and beg leave
to say that the committee have instructed me to
move a concurrence in all the amendments of the
Senate.
These Senate amendments are more in form than
in substance, with two or three exceptions, and I
trust that the House will not consider itnecessary
to take them up in detail, but that a motion to con-
cur in the whole of them may be acceptable to the
House. The amendments of the Senate are more
stringent in some respects than the provisions of
the bill as it passed the House. One of the most
important of the amendments is that twenty-five
per cent, of all the aid the Government gives to
the branches and fifteen per cent, of the aid the
Government gives to the main road shall be re-
served until the final completio/i of the road. The
friends of the bill might object to amendments of
that character, but its opponents will not be dis-
posed to do so. It is further provided by the Sen-
ate's amendments that the Government for all the
bonds advanced shall have a lien, not only upon
the whole of the road and its fixtures, as provided
for in the House bill, but also on all the rolling
stock and other property of the road. This is ex-
treme, but rather than run the risk of failure of a
measure of such magnitude we will accept the
amendment.
With these exceptions, the committee deemed
the amendments immaterial, and in a matter of
such great importance to the country in every
aspect, we thought it our duty to recommend a
concurrence. I hope, therefore, that the House
will agree to the amendments generally without
taking a separate vote on each one. The amend-
ments have been printed and gentlemen can refer
to them. Let us now adopt this great measure,
a measure second to none in its wide bearings on
the interests of our country.
1 move that the amendments be concurred in,
and I ask the previous question on that motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendments.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I hope the amendments,
will be reported.
The Clerk read the amendments.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Bcaman, Biddle, Bingham, Francis P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell^Casey,Cham-
berlin, Clark, Clements, Colfax, Roscoe Conkling, Corning,
Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, I)uell, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
gerton. Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fcnton, Fessenden, Fisher,
Fouke, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley,
Haigbt, Hale, HsKichettJ Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis VV. Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Low, McKnight, Maynarcl, Mitchell, Mnorhead, Nixon,
Noell, Nugen, Olin, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy,
Porter, Potter, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Richardson, Rid-
dle, Edward H. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sluel, Spauiding, John B. Steele,
Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas,^Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wafl, Wal-
lace, Walton,Ward, Wasliburne,Webster, Wheeler, Wha-
ley, Wilson, Wmdom,Wood, Worcester,and Wright—104.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, BaDy, Cal-
