$86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate was agreed to; and also moved to iay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE REBEL STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Territories a bill to establish tem-
porary provisional governments for the districts
of country in rebellion against the United States,
for the purpose of having it printed and recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object; and I
give notice that I shall raise a question on that bill
whenever it is brought in.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD.the House (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 27, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel D. Burchard, D.D.,
of New York city.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Irvin
P. Long, on behalf of the Wyandotte Indians,
praying allowance for discount and interest on
bonds held by the United States in trust for that
tribe; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Charles
Fo'sdick Fletcher and his associates, asking a
charier for the Union Cotton Supply Company;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand copicsofthe report on the
commcrcial relation}? be punted foi the use of the sienate.
ItEPOItT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 196) for the
establishment of a national foundery and furnace
for the fabrication of cannon and projectiles for
the Government, reported it with amendments.
BILIj INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
214) prohibiting the allowance of certain claims
for pensions; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
CONFISCATION OF PROPKRTY.
Mr. DAVIS. I gave notice to the Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on the
Jud ciary, a few days ago, that at the proper time
I should move a substitute to his bill, No. 151.
I have the proposed substitute prepared, and I
throw myself upon the courtesy of the Senate to
ask that it be read, with a view to a motion to
have it printed. It is not lona;.
The VICE PRESIDENT/ If there be no ob-
jection, it will be read. The Chair hears no
objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the proposed
amendment to the bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate
the property and free the slaves of rebels.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the Senator to have that printed as an amend-
ment—n is a very important thing—or else move
it as an amendment to. the bill when it comes up
for consideration. ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator indi-
cated a purpose to tnove to print it after it is read.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not care about its being read,
if the Senate will order it to be printed.
Several Senators. Certainly.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT Oi' THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up (he bill to increase the efficiency of the
medical ilt'|rai tment of the Army. I think it will
not take much tune.
The motion was agreed to; ami the Senate, as
in Committee ot' the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 188) to increase the efficiency of
the medical department of the Army, wluclt had
been reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ment of the committee proposes to strike out all
of the bill after the enacting clause. I think, there-
fore,it will not be necessary to read anything but
the amendment of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest that in all amendments of this character there
should be something left in the original bill. By
parliamentary law, one single word is enough;
but it is not in accordance with parliamentary law
to strike the bill entirely out, leaving nothing to
attach an amendment to.
Mr. GRIMES. The enacting clause is left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theenactingclause
isnopartofthebill. Theword " that," or what-
ever the first word of the bill is, should be loft.
The Secretary read the amendmentof the com-
mittee, to strike out all after theword "that" in
the third line of the bill, and to insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
There sfiail be added to the present medical corps of the
Army ten surgeons and ten assistant surgeons, to be pto-
moted and appointed under existing laws; twenty medical
cadets, and as many hospital stewards as the Surgeon Gen-
eral muy consider nece^saiy for the public service..
Seo. 2..3-ncl be it further enacted, That the Surgeon Gen-
eral shall have the lank, pay, and emoluments of a briga-
dier geneial. There shall be one assistant suigeon general
and one medical inspector geneial of hospitals., each with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry; and
the medical inspector geneial shall have, under the dnfic-
tion of the Surgeon General, the supervision of all that ic-
lates to the samtaiy condition of the Aimy, whether in
transports, quarters, or camp*, and of the hjgiene, police,
discipline, and efficiency of field and geneial hospitals,
under such regulations as may heieaUcr be established.
Sec. 3. And be it further enaded, That there shall be eight
medical inspectors, with the lank, pay, and emoluments
each of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry, and who shall be
charged with the duty ot inspecting the sanitary condition
of transports, quaiteis, and camps, of Held and general hos-
pitals, and who shall repoit to the medical inspector gen-
eral, under such icgulations as may be hereafter established,
all circumstances leiating to the sanitary condition and
wants of troops andofhospUals,andto the skill, efficiency,
and good conduct ot the olnceig and attendants connected
with the medical department.
Sec. 4. And be itjurtker enacted, That the Surgeon Gen-
eial, the assistant suigeon general, medical inspector gen-
eial, and medical inspectors, shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, ijy selection from the suigeons of the Army, without
regard to their tank when so selected.
Sec. 5. And he itJurther enactcd, That medical purvey-
or shall he chaiged, under the direction of the Surgeon
General, with the selection and pui chase of all medical Mip-
ptief, including new standard preparations, and of all hooks,
instruments, hospital "stores, furniture, and other articles re-
quired for the sick and wounded of the Aiiny. Jn all eases
of emeigcney they may piovide such additional accommo-
dations for the pick and wounded of the A: my, and may
tian^port such medical supplies as circumstance* may
render tiecessatv, under such regulations as may be here-
after e.>t ibhshed, .md shall make prompt and immediate
issuer upon all special M'quiMiions made upon them under
such ciremri'.tanccs by medical officers; and the special
inquisitions shall consist simply of a list of the aitides
requited, the quantities lequircd, dated, and signed by the
medical officer requiring them.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That whenever the in-
spector geneial. oi nnj'one of the medical inspcctois, shall
repoit an officer of the medical corps as disqualified, by age
or otheiwhe, for piomotiou to a higher grade, or unfitted
foi the perfonnanco of his piofessional duties, he shall be
icpoi red bv the Smgcon Geneial for examination to a med-
ical board, as provided by the seventeenth section of the
act apptoved August 3, 1861.
Sec. 7. And be it juither enacted, That ail acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same aio heieby, iepca!cd.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In the fifth
line of the fouith section I move to strike out the
word " surgeons," and insert " medical corps."
That will give the idea of the committee better.
Mr. FOSTER. I would prefera little variation
in the amendment proposed by the Senator in the
fourth section. It is true the amendments now
proposed by him will remove, to some extent,
what I think is very objectionable in the section—
the restriction of these appointments entirely to
the suigeons of the Army. It prbposes to open
(he appointments to the whole medical corps of
the Army, which will bring in the assistant sur-
geons as well as the surgeons; but I think that is
not enough. It wiii not bring in the surgeons of
the volunteer corps at all; and the volunteer med-
ical corps of the Army bears about the same pro-
portion to the regular medical corps of the Army
that the volunteer force of the Army does to the
Army proper, ft is a very great force compared
with a very small one. 1 do not think these ap-
pointments should he lestricted entirely to the
medical coips of the Army. I see no justice in it,
no reason m it. I think it would be very impolitic.
I think it ought to be opened to the volun teer corps;
and I suggest to the Senator that he make the
amendment accordingly. A medical gentleman
from the honorable Senator's own State—it is true,
he is now dead—a gentleman of the highest rep-
utation, an honor to the service, an honor to his
corps, an honor to the country, would be excluded
under this bill if he were living. There are many
others of great merit in the volunteer medical corps
who should not be excluded. I hope the Senator
will modify his amendment, so as to allow the
President to make these appointments as well from
the volunteer medical corps as the Army corps.
I by no means wish to make or create any un-
friendly feeling between the medical corps of the
Army proper and the medical corps attached to
the volunteer force. If the medical corps of the
Army proper are superior in point of merit, they
will be appointed; but it is unnecessary to hed^e
them round by law if they have the superior merit.
Let it be open to both corps.
Mr. RICE. I regret that our chairman should
have offered the amendment now pending, and I
hope it will not prevail. Wc had this bill before us
in the Military Committee for weeks and months,
and with the utmost difficulty we agreed upon what
has been reported by the committee. I hope the
suggestion made by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut will not prevail. We have a contract
with the officers of the Army. When the surgeons,
assistant surgeons, and all the officers of the medi-
cal corps came into the service, they abandoned
all the civil pursuits of life, and came in under an
implied contract that they should be benefited by
promotions, and whenever a vacancy should occur
above them they should rise in their regular order.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether there is any more of
a contract with the medical officers of the Army
than with the officers of the line?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. These are new offices that we
are creating now.
Mr. RICE. These are new offices, I know; but
we have no right morally, in my opinion, to go
into civil life to select gentlemen and place them
above officers with whom wc have made a contract.
Upon the.t principle you might keep a second
lieutenant a second lieutenant until he was gtay.
Tt is an innovation that has never been made in
the Army, and I hope the door will not be opened
now. Make the selection here from the surgeons
of the Army; it raises ten assistant surgeons with
the rank of captain, and ten with the rank of lieu-
tenant; it raises them up each one grade. I ven-
ture to say that the best medical officers in the vol-
unteer service would not accept these positions.
They entered into the service temporarily, and
through patriotism, most of them. Do you tell
me that you can get the best surgeons in civil life,
such as were mentioned by the Senator from Con-
necticut, to accept a position here? I think not.
Mr. FOSTER. If they do notacceptthem it will
do no harm to make the change I have suggested.
Mr. RICE. But if they do, it will do harm.
Mr. FOSTER. Not if they are better men.
Mr. RICE. I think it will do harm. It will
have a great tendency to demoralize the medical
corps. I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to modify the amend-
mentof the Senator from Massachusetts by in-
serting after the word " Army," in the fifth line
of the fourth section, the words " or volunteers in
the service of the United States," so as to give
the President the power to select the assistant sur-
geon general and these medical inspectors from
either the regular Army surgeons or assistant
surgeons, or from the list of volunteer officers of
these grades who are now in the service of the
United States, or fiom the brigade surgeons.
It occurs to me, Mr. President, that there is not
any analogy between the cases that have been put
by the Senator from Minnesota. These are en-
tirely new offices; they have not been recognized
in the law before. I think he might with as much
propriety say that it would be improper for ns to
authorize the appointment of a brigadier general
or a major general or an adjutant general or any
other staff officer, for these are in fact staffofficers,
from civil life oi fiom the volunteer service, as to
say that it would be improper for us to appoint
these particular officers from those gentlemen who
are now performing similar sen ices for us in the
volunteer Army. I do not wish to bring any
