1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
officers into the Army, to the exclusion of those
who are in the line of promotion. I presume that
this power to appoint would be very sparingly
exerciscd; but 1 do not want to say that if the
President finds a man who stands head and shoul-
ders among his fellows, a pcrfect Saul among the
prophets, he shall not have the power to bring
that man into the service, and to secure his abili-
ties to the country.
Mr. FOSTER. The idea of the Senator from
Iowa and my own will be carried out entirely by
inserting before the word " from,"in thefifth'line
of the fourth section, the word " either,"and after
the word " Army" the words " or brigade sur-
geons and surgeons of the volunteers." It will
then read, " by selection either from the surgeons
of the Army or brigade surgeons and surgeons of
the volunteers."
Mr. GRIMES. That would exclude the as-
sistant surgeons.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It has been
said by the Senator from Minnesota that the bill
has been written and rewritten, labored over for
weeks by the Committee on Military Affairs,'and
I believe it received the unanimous concurrence
of the committee. The amendment which I have
proposed was made on the suggestion of members
of the committee, especially the Senator from New
York, whositshymyside,[Mr.king.] I thought
on reflection we had better make this slight amend-
ment, as it would to a certain extent get rid of the
charge that this was a close corporation, and
would open it to the assistant surgeons of the
Army. It is a fact, I think, that we all ought to
accept, that many of these assistant surgeons arc
the equals, and in some cases vastly the superiors,
of some of those who are surgeons. It takes a
long while in our Army to attain the position of
surgeon ordinarily, and many of the surgeons are
men of age. Some of them, 1 think, ought to be
retired for the good of the service. Many of the
assistant surgeons are gentlememen from thirty to
forty-five years of age, and I think that it would
certainly liberalize tins idea to throw the assist-
ants open so that they may be selected from for
these impoitant positions.
As to the selections from the brigade surgeons
of volunteers, I have a doubt as to that policy. I
know, at the first blush, it appeal's to be right, lib-
eral, and just; but, on reflection, I am inclined to
think that the Senator fi om Minnesota is light,
and that, those eminent surgeons who have ac-
cepted the position of brigade suigeons of volun-
teers, actuated by patriotic motives, by strong
desire to serve the country, do not desire to enter
permanently into the Army; and this provision is
a permanent provision for the Army of the Uni-
ted States. Reference has been made to Dr. Bell,
recently deceased, a gentleman of eminent talent
in his profession, nnd, I may say,of eminenttal-
ent in every lespect. Theie were but few men in
my State or my section of the country who were
his superiors, intellectually. I do not believe,
however, (hat Dr. Ml ever thought or dreamed
of entering into the Army of the United States
from anything but patiiouc motives. He entered
as a regimental surgeon, and came on with the
first regiments of the three years' men. He came
out, I know, actuated by the purest patriotism.
It was a sacrifice to him, in every respect, and I
think it has cost him his life. But he never
thought of going into the Army of the United
States permanently; he could not afford to do it.
There arc other brigade surgeons of volunteers
whom 1 might mention, half a dozen of them of
eminent talent, some of whom have, during the
last five years, attended the sick-beds of more per-
sons than all the suigeons of your Army have at-
tended, and by the side of whose experience the
experience of your Army surgeons is dwarfed
into utter insignificance. I do not believe, how-
ever, that those gentlemen desire to go perma-
nently into the medical corps of the Army. I
think if you throw this door open, you will not
obtain the scmces of those eminent gentlemen,
who deserve all that can be bestowed upon them,
certainly, but you are moie likely to have the ser-
vices of persons who ha\e gone with the .volun-
teer foices simply to advance their own peisonal
interest, and, certainly, we have had some of that
class. They may seek these positions m the
Army. 1 think if you throw it open to the entire
medical corps of the Anny forselection.it will be
jlUeuti: u will be a l.uire uumbet ot nKii tu select
from, and I think we had better, all things con-
sidered, confine it to that.
Mr. RICE. I shall not object to the modifica-
tion proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
although 1 hardly think it is exactly right.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts how many new officers
this bill provides for, how many of these inspect-
ors, assistant inspectors, directors, and so on, will
be taken from the line under the provisions of this
bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
a Surgeon General now; but this bill proposes to
give the Surgeon General the rank of brigadier
general, and to appoint an assistant surgeon gen-
eral with the rank of colonel, and then to appoint
a medical inspector general with the rank of col-
onel, and eight assistant medical inspectors.
Mr. GRIMES. How many does that make
altogether?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It adds ten.
Mr. CLARK. How much does it add in ex-
pense ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very little
indeed; and it will, in my judgment, save thou-
sands of dollars to the Government of the United
States.
Mr. GRIMES. Allusion has been made by the
Senator from Massachusetts toalate eminent cit-
izen of his State, and his remarks might perhaps
convey the impression that Dr. Bell was opposed
to the proposition which I have suggested as an
amendment. I only desire to say that Dr. Bell
was a friend of nunc, and that I received from him
by the same mail which brought me the intelli-
gence of his death a letter on this very subject,
requesting that I should attempt to make the very
amendment which I have proposed; not that he
desired the appointment, but he thought the best
interests of the Army would be promoted by a
proposition of this kind. He wrote to the Sen-
atoi from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] about the same
time and to the same effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the large increase made in the sal-
aries of these officeis. The present Surgeon Gen-
eral receives in the aggiegate $2,740 a year. Hej
has been a distinguished and faithful officer, and'
no complaint has been made of the amount of his
salary. This bill proposes to give him $4,760 a
year. Now I ask whether there is any occasion
for this large increase of salary. Surgeons of ten
years' standing receive §225 a month, an assist-
ant surgeon of five years' standing rcceives$I38a
month, and so on up. This bill proposes to give
to the medical inspector and to the assistant sur-
geon general $3,414 a year. It also proposes to
give to all of the new officers created by the bill
about three thousand two hundred dollars, or some
five hundred dollars more than you have given for
years to your Surgeon General. Now, why is it
that in this time, when I think an honest effort
will be made for the put pose of reducing salaries,
it should be proposed to increase them so largely
when there is no occasion for it? I will never
vote for this bill in its present position. If you
will allow the pay of the surgeons to remain as it
now stands, I am perfectly willing to give the in-
crease of number demanded by the Military Com-
mittee. If they want more surgeons, if they want
inspectors, let them have as many as are desired;
but I will not now vote for the increase of the sal-
aries of these officers. Two or three amendments
will change the character of this bill so that I can
vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move them after this is
dispost d of.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is now in order I will
move to strike out 
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment is
now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. After that is disposed of I
will move mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts withdraw his amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir. I
desire a vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in section four, line five, of the amend-
ment of the committee, to strike out the words,
" surgeons of," and insert " medical corps;" so
as to read:
Tiku tin* tlie a^iai.mtsujrgeou neral.
medical inspector general, and medical inspectors, shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, by selection from the medical corps
of tire Army, &c.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that susceptible of amend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itfsnot, the main
proposition being itself an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. If that is adopted, will it then
be proper for me to add after the words " meSical
corps of the Army," the words, " or the volun-
teer force?"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it will. New words may be added. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, I propose my amend-
ment, to insert, after the words just inserted, the
words, " or of the volunteer medical corps in the
service of the United States."
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. NESMITH. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. This bill has received a great deal
of attention and consideration at the hands of the
Military Committee. It has been before them
about a month. They have not only considered
the merits of this bill, but the merits of about fifty
other bills on the same subject. Everyman who
had any connection with the military service in a
medical capacity, seemed to be willing to enlighten
the committee on the subject of medicine and on
the subject of the proper organization of the corps
of surgeons. I believe the adoption of this amend-
ment will have a tendency to disorganize the med-
ical corps of the Army. I believe it will deprive
the old surgeons, those who have devoted their
time and attention to acquiring the necessary qual-
ifications to become good Army surgeons, of the
proper promotion which legitimately belongs to
that corps. I believe, further, that by throwingit
open to the introduction of surgeons from the vol-
unteer corps, neither the corps nor the Army will
be benefited. It is true, as has been stated on this
floor, and as has been stated in committee, that
there arc agreatmany very distinguished surgeons
and assistant surgeons in the volunteer corps. I
do not undertake to depreciate their attainments.
I believe there are as able men there as there are
anywhere; but I do not believe they are the class
of men who will be selected for the high positions
provided for in this bill. Many of the gentlemen
who are now brigade surgeons of volunteers are
gentlemen who have occupied high positions in
medical institutions in the country, who have left
a veryfinepracticeandafinesocialposition. They
have abandoned all this merely temporarily, in
order, as they supposed, to confer a benefit on the
country, and they have conferred great benefits on
the country and great benefits on the Army. I am
willing to accord to these gentlemen all the merit
to which they are justly entitled; but they are not
the class of men who will be selected and be put
in the high places provided for by this bill. These
gentlemen desire and are anxious, when the war
is over, to return to their former occupation, either
to return to the professorships which they have
occupied in medical institutions, or to return to
the very lucrative practice which they have aban-
doned in order to accept their present places. The
adoption of the amendment now suggested will
throw the medical corps of the Army open to a
very different class of persons—men who are em-
pirics, quacks, politicians, persons who have never
had social or professional position, mere politi-
cians who can bring political influence to bear, and
they will be the individuals who will be selected.
The President, of course, is not to be supposed to
institute an examination as to the qualifications Oi
these persons, and we all know how easy it is to
get recommendations from Senators, from mem-
bers of Congress, and from other persons of po-
litical influence, for offices of this kind; and thus
men will be selected and appointed, not for their
attainments as surgeons, but by their political in-
fluence. I guaranty that if Esculapius or Galen,
said to be the fathers and founders of the medical
science, were this day living, and were to come
here themselves and make application, they could
not get,sufficient political influence to obtain these
appointments. If, however, the applicants were
submitted to a board of examination, that would
be the true test, thul would be the touchstone to
