1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2907
House comes to act on the amendments, a sepa-
rate vote can be demanded on each. *
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair does
not seem to understand my point. My point of
order is that it is not in order to move that the
House concur or non-concur in several amend-
ments where there are more than one, and that
the motion not being in order, the demand for the
previous question cannot be entertained.
The SPEAKER. If the main question was
ordered on the bill, the House would proceed to
act separately on the amendments, unless the
House agreed to take the vote on all together.
The gentleman from Iowa has therefore the right
to move the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I remember the
Chair ruling that it required unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, that, if objection be made, the vote can-
not be taken on all the amendments at once. There
must be a separate vote. But there is no question
that the gentleman can call the previous question
on the action of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand a sepa-
rate vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
insisted upon the reading of all the amendments
of the Senate before taking the question on second-
ing the demand for the previous question. If the
gentleman still insists, the amendments must all
be read through.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no special
interest in leference to any other amendment ex-
cept the first. As I understand, the only question
before the House at this time is upon that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not yet been seconded. The gentleman has the
right to have all the amendments read if he insists
upon it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Only thirty-three
voted for seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Only five voted against sec-
onding the demand. If the gentleman insists upon
it, he is entitled to have all the amendments of the
Senate read at this time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I care nothing, as
I have said, about any amendment except the first.
They might, however, be as well read now as any
other time. I ask for the reading.
The Clerk read the amendments of the Senate.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne
and Vallandigham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The House then proceeded to vote on the
amendments of the Senate, as follows:
First amendment:
Page 1, line four, after the word " service," insert as
follows:
For whom the form of oath of office has not been pre-
scribed by the Constitution, and excepting the Vice Pres-
ident, and Senators and Xtepresentatives In Congress.
The House divided on concurring in the Senate
amendment; and there were—ayes 33, noes G3.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered—ayes 17,
noes 63.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona. Daily, Jacob
B. Blair, William G. Biown, Calveit, Cobb, Corning,
Cravens, Cns-field. Crittenden, Dunlap, Fouke, Grider,
Haight, Hall, Harding', Johnson, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Norton, Perry, Richard-
son, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianeis Thomas, Vallandigham,
Ward, Webster, Clulton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, and
Wright—-42.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter,
Bmgliam, Samuel S. Blatr, Blake, Butfinton, Campbell,
Ciiainberhn, Chuk, Clement*, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
hng, Iloscoe Conkhnc, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Duel!, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Fes^enden, Fianeliot, Good), Gia j;er, Hale, Hanchett,
iJolman, Hooper, llutcluns, Julian, ICelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Loomn, Lovojoy, Low, McKnigbt, Maynard,
Moorhead, Justin S. Moirill,Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy,
Porter, Potter, Piioe, John H. iltce. Riddle, Edward II.
Kol!ms? Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Shollabarger,
Sherman, John B. Steele, dtevens, Tiimbie. Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall. Wallace,
Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Whaley, Wilson, Windom,
and Worcester—76.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RICHARDSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Robinson, was detained from the House by
sickness.
Second amendment:
Same page, lines eight and nine, strike out the words
" Government of."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Same page, lines fourteen and fifteen, strike out the
words Government of."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Same page, line seventeen, stiike out after the word
"have" to the wotd " jieldod," and insert in lieu thereof
the word " not," in the following clause of the bill: " that
I have neither voluntarily renounced my allegiance to the
Government of the United States, nor yielded a voluntary
support to any pretendfd government, authority, Power, or
constitution hostile or inimical thereto."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Same page, line eighteen, after the word " Constitution,"
insert the words "within the United States."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Same page, line twenty-one, strike out the words " and
Government."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Same page, line twenty-one, strike out the words " and
all laws made in pursuance thereof."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WILSON moved that the House ask a com-
mittee of conference on the amendments of the
Senate disagreed to by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
QUINDARO NANCY GUTHRIE.
Senate bill (No. 315) for the relief of Q,uindaro
Nancy Guthrie and her children of Shawnee
blood, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would like to have that bill
put on its passage. I think if the House will hear
the bill read there will be no objection.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that this bill must have its first
consideration in a Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. For what reason ?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. For the reason that
it makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide
whether it does or not, until it has been read.
The bill was read.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order. The bill does not make an appro-
priation.
Mr. ALDRICH. The biljgmakes no appropri-
ation. It simply authorizes the Secretary of the
Tieasury to ascertain whether this woman is a
member of the Shawnee tribe of Kansas, and if
she is, to place her upon the same footing with the
other members of that tribe, entitling her to her
share of the annuities and lands which have been
divided in severalty, she having been excluded,
as it is claimed unjustly by those who have in-
troduced the bill in the Senate. The bill has been
very carefully examined by a committee of the
Senate. Senator Harlan reported a substitute
for the bill which was passed by the Senate, and
which, I think, is properly guarded. X hope the
bill will be put on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think all these private
bills ought to go to the standing committees. Let
the bill go to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
let them examine it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I have examined the bill as
one of that committee.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I aslc the gentleman
whether these annuities and lands have not been
distributed in accordance with treaty stipulations ?
Mr. ALDRICH. I suppose so.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then, if.it be the
intent of this bill to change payments which have
been made in accordance with treaty stipulations,
it seems to me, in the first place, that it is uncon-
stitutional. If that question is involved, it cer-
tainly ought to be thoroughly examined. I hope,
therefore, it will be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, or to a Committee of the Whole,
so that it may be examined.
Mr. ALDRICH. I am willing that it shall be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
PREEMPTORS IN WISCONSIN.
Senate bill (No. 307) granting the right of pre-
emption to settlers on certain lands in Wisconsin,
was next taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
MEDALS OE HONOR.
Senate joint resolution (No. 82) providing for
the presentation of medals of honor to enlisted
men in the Army and volunteer forces who have
distinguished or may distinguish themselves in
battle during the present rebellion, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
""POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Senate bill (No. 362) in relation to the Post
Office Department, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
POSTAL SERVICE.
A communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting the annual statement of the offers re-
ceived and contracts made for carrying the mails
during the past year, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, referred to the Committee on the Post
►Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the call of committees for reports.
PRESTON BECK,
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee ofClaims,
reported back a bill for the relief of Preston Beck,
administrator of Preston Beck, jr., deceased, late
surviving partner of the firm of Brent & Beck;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to be
printed.
« JAMES I. JOHNSON.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (C. C. No. 110) for the relief of
James L. Johnson, surviving partner of the firm of
Beck & Johnson; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed.
A. M. JACKSON.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (C. G. No. 99) for the relief of
Alexander M. Jackson, administrator of John
Gorman, deceased; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and ordered to be printed.
DENNIS CRONANS.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of
Dennis Cronans; which was read a first and
second time.
Thejoint resolution was order^l to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
T. S. 3. JOHNSON.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee,also
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims 111 the case of T.
S. J. Johnsonj which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
ABRAHAM KING.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the ease of
Abraham King, administrator of John Mandeville;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and ]
