1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1U1
the opinion of the committee—that the road will
be built under this act.
Mr. LOVEJOY* Without any further appro*
priation.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; without any further
appropriation.
Mr. LOYEJOY. "Well, sir, then the gentle-
man's credulity is immensely large, that is all.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And the incredulity of the
gentleman from Illinois is still larger.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; it will secure the
building of certain portions of the road across the
continent. I have no doubt about that. It will
secure the building of roads now largely enjoying
the lands, and the richest lands of the Govern-
ment, at each end of the route which the road is
to pass. I have no doubt about that. Bat I do
not believe the road will ever be built over the
more difficult portions of the route. If it is the
purpose of those who have the management of
the bill in the House to secure the building of the
road through from point to point, which is what
the nation want to accomplish, for which object
alone the nation are willing to grant their money,
there can be no objection to the amendment which
I have offered. I hope, therefore, the amendment
will be adopted. And I conceive that the vote
upon it will be a test vote, so far as the sincerity
of gentlemen who have the management of the
bill, in their purpose to construct the road across
the continent,or their intention only to construct
the ends of the roads, or to get pay for the roads
already built, is concerned.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the terms of
the gentleman's amendment to be that the com-
pany shall forfeit all its rights and privileges unless
the whole main line is constructed in how long ?
Mr. LOYEJOY. My amendment named 1876.
I believe that is the time fixed in the bill for the
completion of the road. If not, I will fix it at
the time limited in the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
think this is a reasonable amendment, and I for
one am willing that it should be adopted; which
I hope will convince the gentleman from Illinois
that I am acting in good faith in desiring to pro-
vide against the failure to construct the road
through from point to point.
The committee had prepared an amendment
which they proposed to offer us a substitute for the
seventeenth section, providing that the company
should forfeit all its rights and privileges under its
charter if itfailed to construct the road within the
time limited in the bill. The amendment was in-
tended to accomplish the same purpose as that of
the gentleman from Illinois, and is, I think, still
more stringent in Us provisions. 1 am free, how-
ever, to say, as chairman of the committee on the
Pacific railroad, that if the committee prefer the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, I have
no possible objection to it, taking it for granted
that Congress will always act liberally towards a
company endeavoring to fulfill its obligations in
good faith, if the road should have been nearly
but not quite finished at the time fixed in the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
be read, and that the gentleman from Illinois will
accept it as a substitute for his amendment.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I should be glad to hear it
read,
Mr. CAMPBELL. The amendment I was in-
structed to offer as a substitute to this seventeenth
section is as follows:
Sec. 17. Jlndbc it further enacted, That in case «aid cor-
poration shail fail to comply with the teims and conditions
of tins act, or shall not complete said raihoad and telegraph
line within the time named in this act, or l'ail to keep the
same in repair and use, or shall permit the same to remain
unfinished or out of repair and unfit for use, before the re-
payment to the United States of all sums expended by the,
United States thciefor. with the interest, Congress may
pass any act to insure the speedy completion thereof, or to
sell the same to the highest bidder to icpavail such ex-
penditures causcd by the default and neglect of naid cor-
poration.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I think the amendment I
have proposed will be more effective than that ot
the committee. I understand their amendment
only to apply to u the said corporation." Now,
there are some half dozen corporations. My
amendment applies to the whole road. If the
amendment I have offered can be adopted, us the
chairman indicates, I think it will take away many
of the objections to this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois is preferable to that
of the committee, and I hope he will not accept
theirs in its place.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think it is less stringent,
but I do not object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Yermont. I move to amend
by adding, at the end of the seventeenth section,
as follows:
Provided further, That no bonds of the United States and
no patents? conveying any title to lands shall be issued until
a practical survey shall have been made, which shall prove
the practicability of some single route, nor until, in the
opinion of the President of the United States, the circum-
stances of the country will justify the building, completion,
and lunning ot the road by the Government. #
Mr. Chairman, I have been somewhat aston-
ished that a matter of so great importance as this
bill should claim so small a share of the attention of
the House. Why, sir, if it were a bill proposing
to appropriate $500 to pay a private claimant, we
should have a larger number of members in at-
tendance and listening to what is going on than
we have had since this bill has been under con-
sideration in committee. Here is a measure in
which the Government is about to embark, in-
volving the expenditure of hundreds of millions
of dollars, and yet amendments are offered and
voted in, according to the will of the gentlemen
having charge of the measure, without the slight-
est apparent interest or attention upon the part of
a majority of the House as to their character or
effect.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask permission of the
gentleman from Vermont to say that he must ex-
empt me from that accusation. I am perfectly
aware of the nature of the provisions of this bill,
perfectly aware that their effect must be to draw
to an enormous extent from the Treasury of the
Government, already incumbered with a larger
debt than it can bear. I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amendment
which I have offered, if adopted, would prevent
anything being done in relation to the road that
would involve any liability upon the part of the
Government until the circumstanccs of the Gov-
ernment and the condition of the country are such
as to warrant this splendid demonstration of our
resources.
At the proper time, as I have repeatedly said,
1 am in favor of building this road, but I am not
in favor of any sham. If this bill is to pass, it
proposes on its face that the road is to be built by
some corporation. Sir, there is no man in this
House who does not know that if this road is
ever to be built, completed, and run, it is to be
done by the Government of the United States.
Under this bill wc shall possibly induce some-
body to take a vast quantity of public lands by
giving away a vast quantity of public bonds, but
we shall not get a road to the Pacific. And now
see what a gigantic scheme we are about to embark
in. If this bill is to pass, and the road shall be
built under it, and run, it will require an army of
not less than twenty thousand men to man it. That
will be the number of men who will have to be
employed.
But before work on the road is to commence I
desire to have a practical survey. Never yet have
we had anything more than mere picture books,
mere barometrical surveys. Those surveys show
that there are extreme difficulties to be overcome.
I want to see those difficulties cleared up before we
commence so enormous an expenditure. What-
ever they may be, I have no question that this
Government can overcome them. But I think, as
a gentleman once said when he called on a lawyer
to ascertain how to obtain redress in a certain
matter—the lawyer finding no adequate remedy
within the rules of the law, asked him if he could
not flog his adversary. i£ Yes," said he, " I think
I could, but it would strain me." [Laughter.] I
have no doubt in time we can overcome all the
obstacles that may present themselves to the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad; but at this period
I think it would strain us. When we shall have
passed the bills now pending before this commit-
tee, appropriating more than $200,000,000 for the
support of your Army, and when we shall have
passed all the other bills that will be required to
meet the exigencies of the country, I think we will
have quite enough to do without entering np*m
the ornamental; and I regard this bill as purely of
that character. At this time I am opposed to in-
creasing our annual taxation, as this bill will, not
less than five or six millions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is not in favor of legislating upon so import-
ant a measure as this when there is a thin attend-
ance of the House, yet but a few weeks ago he
was engaged in passing through the House a tax
bill of certainly quite as important a character,
when the attendance was so meager that he found
it necessary, time and again, to resort* to a call of
the House to secure the attendance of a bare quo-
rum. But, sir,the gentleman could not count me
among the absent or inattentive members on thtit
occasion. We are sent here to attend to the legis-
lation of the country, and we cannot excuse our-
selves from the performance of that duty because
other members are remiss in attending to their
duties. He did not then ask that that important
work should stop because members were absent
or inattentive. Why not, sir ? Because he was
in favor of that bill; and he now urges this excuse
because, say what lie will, he is opposed to this
one.
But the gentleman would not go on with this
work until we have good surveys. The gentle-
man wants more picture books to send to his con-
stituents, I suppose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I voted against
the picture books.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; the result of the
plan the gentleman proposes would simply be
the production of more picture books. I can give
the gentleman a good deal of information on that
subject. There is more in these " picture books"
than he seems to be aware of, by the remarks
which he has made about them, if the gentle-
man from Vermont will again look over them he
will find the statements by the engineers in the
employ of the United States of the grades and the
exact practicability of a route to California. I
can show by an abstract of the tables of grades,
that upon the route to California they are lighter
than those upon the roads in the gentleman's
own State. I have here an abstract of the grades
upon the route to California, from Port Bridger
to Lassen's Meadows, to which I will call atten-
tion. The surveys were made by an accomplished
engineer, under the direction of the Government,
with an ample appropriation, and are entirely
satisfactory.
The highest grade is eighty-nine feet per mile,
there being but
8£ miles of such grade of 89 feet per mile.
10 miles of a grade of 84 "
11 " " 69£
7* « " 58 "
9 « " 54 <<
13 " " 49 v «
1H « " 42 "
81 «   40 "
85 " " 30 (i
The balance of nearly fifteen hundred miles is
under twenty feet per mile.
The California company, to which reference has
been made, expended from twenty-five to fifty
thousand dollars in exploration of routes over the
Sierra Nevada to Lassen's Meadows, and this and
all the other explorations that have been made, by
instruments, and in every other way, have determ-
ined the fact very distinctly that there is nothing
difficult in grades or curves, nothing except the
heavy capital required, which creates the neces-
sity for Government aid, in the way of the con-
struction of this road. I thought the question of
the practicability of this road had long sincc been
demonstrated, and that we would not be called
into a discussion of the matter at this late day.
The gentleman sneers at barometrical reconnois-
sances. Does he understand what they are ? They
are the first test applied to determine the practi-
cability of a railroad, and are fully sufficient to
that end, and hence were adopted by the Govern-
ment. Lctmcillustrate by afactin my own knowl-
edge. A barometrical reconnoissance was made
of that part of this route over the Sierra Nevada,
and a report of the engineers showed that grades
not exceeding one hundred and five feet to the mile
were attainable over a certain route—an easy grade
foramountain country. Encouraged by this, the
company organizing the survey caused a regular
railroad survey to be made, and ail the tests em-
ployed by engineers to be used, and the result
exactly verified the altitudes and grades indicated
by the reconnoissance.
