1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
The Government was directed to cause certain
surveys to be made, and it appointed an experi-
enced engineer, who has repoited his profiles,
&.C., and the gentleman will find them in his "pic-
ture books,"and find them as I have stated.
It is a mere pretext that it is necessary to post-
pone the passage of this bili until the Government
has expended four or five millions of dollars more
in surveys and in getting up what the gentleman
calls "picture books." Even if we should con-
sent to the postponement, this work would not be
any further advanced than it is now, because just
such surveys would be made over again; and I
have no doubt similar objections would then be
ofFered,if not by the gentleman from Vermont, at
least by others, who are, like him, in favor of a
railroau at any time except when there is a hope
of its passage.
The gentleman says he is in favor of the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad, with aid by the Gov-
ernment. When, I ask? When it has paid off the
debt which has accumulated by this war? Why,
sir, if we continue to put oif this Pacific railroad
until everything else is taken care of, or until we
are out of debt, it never will be built. I hope we
will have no more talk like that of the gentleman
about the road costing the Government one or two
hundred millions of dollars; but that gentlemen
will read the bill before they make such remarks,
and correct the misapprehensions under which
they seem to be laboring.
The bill ought to be passed at once; it ought
not to be delayed until we have paid off the ex-
penses of this war. That may not be done for
thirty or forty years, and, in the meanwhile, the
generation that has gone to California from the
eastern and western States, myself and others,
who implore Congress to build this road as a mat-
ter not only of military necessity, as againstfor-
eign invasion, but of political and domestic policy,
looking to the integrity of this Union, will have
passed away, and our children and another gen-
eration will have taken its place. Tiie long iso-
lation to which they will have been condemned,
by a failure to construct a Pacific railroad oi: the
part of the Government, may entirely banish from
their hearts all sympathy with this side of the con-
tinent. They may say, "why should we pay
taxes and duties on imports for the benefit of a
distant Government—why should we go there for
our legislation, when a mountain chain and vast
deserts divide us; we, who are an empire in our-
selves, capable of self-governmentr" This gen-
eral iou will not say so. We cling to the Union;
but a generation will grow up there who know
you not. You must bieak down this barrier and
assimilate the different portions of the country.
And it will take half a geneiation to do that by
building tins' road. If we wait, as the gentleman
from Vermont suggests, it may be that we will
delay to a day when it will be impossible to re-
trieve the injustice and the impolicy of that course.
The gentleman, in order to keep the cotton States
within the Union, is willing to spend six hundred
or a thousand millions of dollars, and I go with
him there, and yet he opposes the passage of this
bill, that would link the Pacific States to the At-
lantic Slates by indissoluble bonds, and which
would make the Union more illustrious and more
powerful than it ever has been before. I ask him
to expend a few millions to keep that magnificent
Pacific empire. Let us legislate for the future as
well as the present, and guaid our future security.
The argumentthat is good in one case is certainly
good m the other; and therefore, as a matter of
military necessity and of domestic policy, I trust
that the bill we have now so nearly completed
will be sent to its final vote without insidious
amendments destructive of its object.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY". Does the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia say that, unless this Pacific railroad bill
is passed, the Pacific States will revolt?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not; and the gentleman
could not so understand me. But 1 do say that
it is tjie part of wisdom to legislate, in view of the
tact shown by ail history that people divided by
mountain iau?ps separate into distinct communi-
ties; and that although :1ns generation in Califor-
nia, born upon this side of the continent, love the
Union too well to leave it, yet a people may grow
up there in the comse of years who may noUiave
fo'-lings of that nature sufficiently strong to keep
thun United to the Atlaniic^tates, unless we con-
quer by the aid of science the physical barriers
that divide the continent.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from Vermont to so modify his amendment as to
make it provide for an instrumental survey.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept that
modification.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to insert the words
" or repeal" after the word " amend" in the fif-
teenth line, so as to provide that Congress may at
any time amend or repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to strike out
the words " if unreasonable in amount." It is an
unnecessary restriction, I think, upon the power
of Congress.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I offer the following amend-
ment to come m as an additional section:
Sec. 16. *diul be it further enacted, That to insuie the
sale, ccrtain,and speedy transportation of mails, troops,
ami public stores, any legal and duly organized company
incorporated by any of tiie States or Teiutories through
which the same shall pass shall have power to lay out, lo-
cate, construct, furnish, maintain, and enioy a continuous
railroad from Superior, in the State of Wisconsin, to the
western boidei of Minnesota, at or near BtecKimulge, on
the Red "River of the Noith; thence westeily, eiossmg the
Rocky mountains north of the forty-fifth parallel of north
latitude, on the most eligible route, to some point on Puget's
Sound, to be called the Northern Pacific raihoad; and said
company uudci taking to build said load shall consolidate,
contederate, arid associate with any other legal and duly
organized companies, Incorporated by any of the States or
Territories toi the purpose, which may wish to aid in the
construction of the road upon joint and equitable terms; and
there is gianted to said company undertaking to build said
road six alternate sections ot land per mile on each side of
such railroad line as said company mav adopt, from Lake
Superior to the western border of Minnesota, and from
thence to the amount of ten alternate sections per mile on
each side of such railway line, as said company may adopt,
to the western termini of said route. And said company
shall also construct a telegraph line along said line ol rail-
way in the ino&tappiovod and workmanlike manner.
Sen. —. Jinii be it farther enacted, That whenever said
company undertaking to construct said railway fiom Lake
Superior to Pugei's Sound and Poitland, Oregon, shall have
fifty miles of said railroad and telegraph line ready loi the
service contemplated, commencing on Lake Supcrioi,
Charles D. Gilfillen, of Minnesota, Nathaniel V• Banks, of
Illinois, and Gilmore Hays, of Washington Terntoiy, are
heiehy constituted a boaid of commissioners to examine the
same, and repoittothe President of the United States; and
if it shall appear by said lepoit that fifty miles of said lail-
road and telogiaph line have been completed in a good,
substantial, and workmanlike manner, and in all respects
as required by this act, and supplied with all necessary 10II-
ing stock, buildings, ami depot*, lor the use ol said road, as
a lii&t-class railway, and that the «ame aie in good working
order, then it shall be the dutv of the Secietar) of the Treas-
ury, under the direction of the President, to issue to said
company the bonds of the United States for the sum of
,<$i0,U00 per mile on said fifty miles, for the use of said com-
pany, as an aneed payment upon the conttact authorized
by ihis act. And for each and every fitly miles of said rail-
load and telegraph line ready tor service, in running order,
the Secietaiyofthc Treasury shall issue to said company the
like sum ol §10,000 pernnle, in bonds of the United Slates,
until said road shall leach the western border of Minne-
sota ; and after that the ■vum of $15,009 per mile for oveiy
fifty miles completed on any part of said road to Puget's
Sound, until bonds shall have been issued to the amount of
#25,000,000, when no moic bonds shall be issued by the
United States; but said company shall have the right to
contract with the Birtish Government for a Irian of money
or bomK giving a mortgage lien to said British Government
tor feocuiity, subject to the mortgage lien to the United
States; but with the exception to the"United States and the
Butish Government, no mortgage or construction bonds
shall ever m ary way be put upon said road. Any vacancies
in said boatd ot commissioner-*, caused by death, tesigiin-
tion, or otherwise, shall bo filled by the President ot the
United States.
Sue. —• Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That said company
shall commence the woik on said load within three year-*
from the approval of this act by the President ot the United
Sutcs, and complete one hundred miles per year alter the
fouith yeai; and eveiy provision, condition, limitation, or
ic-triction in tins act contained shall he, and tiie same are
heieby, applied to and imposed on the company undei taking
to build the Northern Pacific railroad lioin Lake Supeiior
to Puget's Sound.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever any
raihoad company embraced in tins actshall,undei thrpio-
vistons thereof, be untitled to demand any installment ot the
bonds hereinbefore mentioned to be issued and dehveted in
aid ot the construction of any or either ol the hnes of lail-
way contemplated by this act, such railroad company, its
associates, successors, or assigns, >hall, at tiie same time, as
a security for the amount of such bonds, and interest to ac-
ciue theteon, execute to the United States a mortgage on
such portion ofuulway as shall, fioin tune to tune, bi-com-
pleted, on the completion of winch all installments of bond.-
shall be due and demaudablc, covering the appiu tenancy,
iluurco. loiinig stock, motive power, and machinery, and
telegraph line, which mortgage shall temum and continue a
hen and charge thereon nil Hie whole nmountof bond-: that
fhail be s-stied in aid of the consti uction ot the entire line
of <*uch inilroad -hall be iepaid, pin-uai.tto the provisions
of this act; and in case of the tailure of any such lajfumd
company, its associates, succ"ejsois, or assigns, to complete
the entire line of raihoad and telegraph, the said mortgage
shall contain a clause of forfeiture, right of loreeiosure, or
appropriation by the United States, of the paid propeiiy,
which clause or condition, as to form and sufficiency, shall
be appioved by the Attorney General ol the United State*.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That no donation of
public lands nor appropriation or loan of bonds, for the ob-
jects and purposes specified in this act shall be granted to
any raihoad corporation, its associates, successor-:, or as-
signs, tor or on account of any raihoad or line o( telegraph
that has been or may hereafter be constructed, or m couise
of construction by any other corporation or parties, in any
State or Territory, which shall lorur a portion of either line
of railway or telogiaph contemplated in this act.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the acceptance
of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this act by any
lailroad corporation, shall be signified in writing under the
corporate seal of such corporation, duly executed pursuant
to the direction of its board of directors, first had and ob-
tained; which acceptance shall be made within eighteen
months after the passage of this act, and not afterwards,
and shall be served on the President of the United States,
and all acts of incorporation or other acts from any State
or Territorial Legislature, to carry out the provisions of tills
act, shall be submitted to Congress for approval before any
lands or bonds shall be received by any of the companies
undertaking to build the several lines of railway contem-
plated by this act.
Sec—. Jindbext further enacted, That the grant of lands
and bonds herein made shall be, and is, upon the express
condition that Congress shall have the power at any time
hereafter to amend the provisions of this act for the pur-
pose of restraining abuses and protecting the public intei-
ests: Provided, however, Congress shall not be empowered
to pass any law diminishing the specified amount ol con-
tribution in lands and bonds of the United State?, if the
conditions herein imposed, and the provisions that may
hereafter be made, shall be complied with.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendmentingood
faith. It appropriates $25,000,000 for the con-
struction of a railroad upon the northern route,
it is the shortest line of railroad between the
water lines that can be indicated. It is also a
route of the easiest grade upon the continent. I
do not say that the commerce of the Indies will
hereafter cross this continent; but if it ever does,
in my judgment, it will be transported over that
northern route, and none other. It has been com-
pletely surveyed, and it is known to pass through
a country where can be found all the materials for
the construction of anulroad. If Congressappro-
pnates this $25,000,000, 1 will guaranty that this
road will be constructed and in running order be-
fore any other upon the continent.
Mr. WATTS. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of the proposition of the gentleman from Minne-
sota at the proper time, and, as my friend from
Vermont has said, I think at present he had bet-
ter postpone the construction of this northern
route. I have a pet of my own similar to the pet
of the gentleman from Minnesota. I would like
to have a railroad constructed upon the thnty-
second parallel of latitude, which would cost only
$93,000,000, whereas Governor Stevens has re-
ported that a railroad on the northern route would
cost $125,000,000. But the gentleman and myself
will have to postpone the accomplishment of oui
pet piojccts for ten or fifteen years. If we get
through one Pacific railroad at this time, wc ought
to be very thankful. It looks just now as though
we were going to have some trouble in doing: so.
There have been too many sham friends of the
Pacific railroad. We have seen how very cau-
tious those men have grown on this subject who,
a year or two ago, were the most violent parti-
sans of a Pacific railroad proposition. Their sym-
pathy for such a measure has grown "fine by
degrees and beautifully less,53 until now, when
they aie called upon to vote for tins bill, their
comagc, like that of Bob Acres, "oozes out of
the palms of their hands." They will object to
every measure because it does not run in a partic-
ular line, or go through a certain neighborhood,
or for some other equally fastidious jt-ason. I
think that the amendment of my friend from Min-
nesota ought not to prevail, and I hope that it will
be voted down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in as an additional
section:
See. 19. Jlnd he it further enacted, That until forty miles
of the main line of the Union Pacific llnihoad Company
shall be constructed, not more than $10,000 in United Slates
bond-, per mile shall he advanced to anvcompanythafuav
construct ;t toad under the provisions of sections nine and
t n ot this act.
Mr. Chairman, I will only say that this is an-
other effort on my part to secure some guarantee
for the construction of the main line of this road.
I know that it has become the habit of the par-
ticular friends of this particular measure to talk
