588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
■which they should be brought, and that would
be the place where their attainments would be
developed.
I am opposed to the amendmentforthisreason:
I! believe it will demoralize the medical corps of
the Army; I believe it will deprive surgeons^ in
-the Array now, medical men of long standing
and experience, of the proper promotion to "\frhich
they are entitled,and place mere politicians above
them' in rank. It is a humiliation and a degrada-
tion which I, for one, am not willing to fasten upon
these men. I am opposed to the amendment, and
I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. RICE. I wish to call the attention of Sen-
ators to one fact. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa prevails, the President can select,
without regard to age or qualifications, surgeons
wherever he may find them, to fill these important
positions.
Mr. GRIjMES. But they must be taken from
the service*
Mr. RICE. From the volunteer service. He
may select without regard to age, or merit, or qual-
ifications. It will disorganize the whole system
of the medical corps of the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Can he not select the poorest
ones from the regular medical corps, as the bill
stands ?
Mr. RICE. There are no poor ones in the med-
ical corps of the Army, in my opinion. If this
amendment prevails, and the President has as
many political quacks about him, pressing him
for appointments, as the Military Committee have
had in order to get up a bill to suit these little pill-
doctors, he will not get through his appointments
in the next six months.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I believe
most of the members of the Military Committee
have informed us that they have had this bill un-
der consideration for a long time, have bestowed
great care and deliberation upon it, have heard all
the representations that could be made by medical
men as well as military men, and they have, after
full consideration of the whole subject, agreed upon
the bill as it is. The sanitary commission, I un-
derstand, gave the committee the benefit of their
intelligence and information upon this subject,and
they unanimously approve of the bill as it is. I
am satisfied that if the amendment is made, it will
be productive of evil and evil only. I do not think
any good can result from it. I am very sure that
the medical gentlemen in the volunteer service,
who are distinguished for character and ability,
have no desire whatever to enter permanently into
the service of the Army of the United States.
They have no purpose or intention of doing so.
They design when this war is over and the vol-
unteer force is disbanded, to return to their pur-
suits in eivil life. The only applicants that there
will be from the volunteer service for promotion
in the Army and for positions in the Army in this
corps, will bo of the class characterized by the
Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from
Oregon as medical and political quacks, and it will
subject the President to a degree of harassment
and vexation that I am not willing tft impose upon
him by this or any other bill. There will be hun-
dreds of men unfitted for the position, bringing
political influences to bear to get them into the
Army, to the great detriment of the service, when
they can bring it 110 ability, no valuable scrvice
whatever. It will have a tendency to demoralize
the medical corps of the Army. I am very sure that
it is that class who will seek these appointments.
There may be honorable exceptions, there may
occasionally be a man of distinguished ability and
of eminent qualifications as a surgeon in the vol-
unteer force, who would desire to enter the Army;
but these instances would be exceedingly rare;
generally the applicants would be of that class of
men who ought not to bo promoted, and yet who
could bring political influences to bear in aid of
their promotion." Deferring as I do entirely in
this matter, and in most others that come before
the Senate, to the committee who have had the sub-
ject in charge, men of ability, men eminently qual-
ified to consider and decide upon it in all us as-
pects, I shall vote with the committee for this bill,
as I generally vote with the Finance Committee,
and the Naval Committee and other committees
who have had the especial charge of a matter. I do
not say that we are all bound by their judgment;
but there is a degree of respect due to these com-
mittees, that I think in matters of doubt ought to
influence us to give them our support; and feeling
as I do perfectly satisfied that the amendment if
adopted will be productive of injury and not of
good, opening a door to a scramble for medical
offices in the Army, just as there is a scramble
going on constantly where there are offices to dis-
pose of, among politicians, unworthy men, men
that are not actuated by patriotic motives, men
that are urged forward only by selfish consider-
ations, without qualification entitling them to the
position, I shall vote against it. The men who
have qualifications do not want to go into the
Army; they can go back and resume their positions
in civil life, that are more acceptable to them, more
in harmony with their tastes, more compatible
with their domestic comfort and enjoyments; and
when the war is over and the volunteers are dis-
banded, they will return to the pursuits of civil
life; and it will be only those who have not ex-
hibited character or merit to secure them position
at home who will be clamorous around the ex-
ecutive department for appointment and promo-
tion in the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. The whole argument of the
Senator from Massachusetts, as well as that of the
Senator from Oregon, is predicated upon the as-
sumption that this is to apply to the regular Army,
and is not for a mere temporary purpose. They
say that because it is to be a permanent thing,
that because it is to apply to the Army, as it is to
exist after peace shall have been established, there-
fore the volunteer surgeons should not be permit-
ted to have access to these offices. If that be so,
I am opposed to this bill. Is it possible that the
Committee on Military Affairs recommend that we
sh^ll have a Surgeon General and an assistant sur-
geon general permanently attached to the Army;
that we are then to have another bureau to have
charge of the hospitals, for each of these is a dis-
tinct bureau; and then that we are to have eight
medical inspectors, who are to be constantly trav-
eling over the whole country, and drawing mileage
at the rate of ten cents a mileunder your military
bill, to inspect military hospitals when peace shall
have been declared? If the bill is for a temporary
purpose, I am for it; if it is for a permanent pur-
pose, I am against it; and the very argument that
the Senators have urged in favor of it is a sufficient
reason for me to vote against the whole bill.
If it was only to apply to the regular Army, if
the gentlemen who are in the medical service of
the Army wore only to doctor the regulars, I
should be satisfied that they should have the reg-
ular doctors; but it so happens that the vast ma-
jority of the persons who are to come under the di-
rection of the£e medical men are volunteers. They
would rather be physicked and dosed by their own
neighbors and their own friends,men whose rep-
utation they knew at home, who had been, 111
many instances, their own family physicians, who
had reputations in their States. They have the
idea—1 do not know whether truthful or not—but
I have received many a letter from the State of
Missouri, where the Illinois and Iowa troops are'
com mingled, in which they condemn the treatment
that they receive from the regular Army surgeons,
and approve of that which they receive from their
volunteer surgeons. It is for that reason that I am
in favor of allowing a discretion to the President.
It does not necessarily follow that he is to take
politicians. I have too much confidence in the
President to believe that he will not establish a
competent board to examine these men. I do not
believe that the President can be induced to select
for these very important offices men who are not
entirely competent to perform the duties. I want
to give him the privilege of going over the whole
country, of selecting the best men for these nine
offices, men who stand, as I said before, a head
and shoulders above their fellows in the profes-
sion; and let him take them from the regular Army
or from the volunteer service, no matter where
they are to be found.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that the object
is, at any rate it ought to be, to get the best men
for these important places. I think that the ar-
gument which is derived from the organization of
the corps, the idea that the corps will be demor-
alized, the suggestion that wo must have regard
to the particular sensibilities and particular ambi-
tion of men in particular corps, is an argument
that should not be listened to for a moment. The
question is, where will you find the best men r
These offices are important, exceedingly so, not
only to the regulars but also to the volunteers, as
my friend from Iowa has said. The simple ques-
tion arises whether you shall be confined within
a very small limit, in order to make a selection of
men of ability, or whether you shall have a larger
field in which to look for the men you want. That
is the only question; and the idea that we are to
sacrifice that great object or to endanger it for the
sake of certain individuals who claim to be ad-
vanced, is to me, in the present state of things, a
very singular idea. Why should we demoralize
this corps any more by going out of it for the se-
lection of new officers, than we have demoralized
the Army by going to the bottom of it to select a
major general, or by going out of .the Army en-
tirely to select major generals and brigadier gen-
erals ? If we have not dene that, we have, at any
rate, taken colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors,
and other officers for the regular Army from civil
life over those who had been in the scrvice for a
great number of years. It was on the principle
of getting better men 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair. It beeomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order, which is the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think that ought to
come up.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled to the floor
on the special order. Docs he yield it to allow
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
be interposed ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
have this bill finished as soon as possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other question ought
to be settled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan is entitled to the floor, and m the opinion
of the Chair no interposing motion can be made
without his consent, he yielding the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better pro-
ceed to the order of the day, unless the gentleman
from Massachusetts is of opinion that his bill is
of so much importance that it ought in reality to
take precedence.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has the floor, and I certainly
do not wish to do anything to take it from him.
I am free to say, however, that if the Senator had
not the floor, I should press the consideration not
only of this bill, but of others, and make every
motion that I could to prevent our consuming
another day by having a repetition of the speeches
we have had on the question relative to the claim-
ant of a seat from Oregon. But as the Senator
from Michigan has the floor on that question, and
speaks but little, I shall yield to his wishes. If
he had not the floor, or did not insist upon his
right to it, I should like to put off that question
until four o'clock, and we might do some business
-in the mean time.
SENATOR FROM OREGON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of
the Committee on the Judiciary, declaring that
Mr. Stark is entitled to take the constitutional oath
as Senator from Oregon, is before the Senate, and
the question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] On that
question the Senator from Michigan is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, not having
intended originally to say anything upon the sub-
ject now before the Senate, and knowing the great
pressure of other business which is before us, I
feel it a duty to consume the time of the Senate
very sparingly in what I have to say upon this
question. The subject itself, however, is of a
character requiring bur careful attention and our
cool deliberation. It is one which also requires
on our part, according to my judgment, an ex-
hibition of patriotic rfnd unflinching firmness—a
firmness which adheres to the Constitution, and
which is ready at all times to do anything and
everything to uphold the Constitution and the
supremacy of the laws.
The subject as it presents itself to us now, sir,
is fairly resolvable into two questions. The first
is whether the Senate has power, for any cause
whatever, to preclude and prohibit an applicant
