1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2909
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I have stated that the rea-
son for the establishment of these ports has been
superseded. I call the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. vVith the con-
sent of the gentleman, I will say I have sent to
the library for the volume containing the law to
which I referred. I have a distinct recollection
that three or four years ago an authority was
given to the Secretary of the Treasury to abolish
these ports. I think the authority was coupled
with the condition that where the amount of duties
did not come up to a certain amount the Presi-
dent should abolish such port.
The Secretary of the Treasury, under the pre-
ceding Administration failed, I think, to execute
that law as it was designed to be executed; but,
as I was informed by him during the last session
of the last Congress, he was waiting for further
legislation by Congress upon the subject. It will
be recollected by many of the old members that
it was then proposed to revise all our reven ue laws,
and that bills for that purpose were pending in
Congress.-
I have no objection to the passage of this bill;
but I think the authority is already vested in the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. As the gentleman has no
objection to the passage of the bill, I mov« the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
Main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF KEVENUE.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to provide for the col-
lection of revenue in the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern portions of the frontier, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Rhode Island, in refer-
ence to the bill just passed, that Independence,
which is two hundred and fifty miles west of St.
Louis, was not embraced in that bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order on
the bill which has been passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Well, I will make
my remarks applicable to this bill at some stage
of its consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The first section of this
bill simply provides that vessels employed upon
the lakes shall carry a manifest of their cargoes.
The difficulty which is encountered by the Gov-
ernment now is that vessels in which lake com-
merce is carried sometimes touch at Canadian
ports, take on goods which are dutiable, and land
them at the ports of destination of the vessels.
Now, to obviate that difficulty, the bill requires
that the vessels shall have a manifest of their cargo,
and that if they touch at any of the lake ports and
receive any additional cargo on board, they shall
have indorsed on the manifest the additional cargo
so received.
The second section provides for the keeping of
blanks by the collectors upon the lakes, just as
they are kept at the ports upon the sea-coast, to
be sold at the same price and under the same reg-
ulations generally.
The third section provides that every vessel
which comes in from a Canadian port and enters '
her'cargo, shall pay to the. collectora fee of forty
cents, which lie is to account for to the Govern-
ment.
The fifth section provides that a fee shall be
paid foraregister,license, orenrollment,precisely
the same as upon the sea-cnast. The officers
have hitherto done that service and have received
nothing for it. The committee could see no rea-
son why the vessels should be exempted from the
payment of that fee. The provisions of this bill
meet the approbation of the Department, and I
trust it will be passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suppose the ob-
ject of this bill is to facilitate commerce, and per-
haps it diminishes the cost. , Is that so ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not think it causes a
reduction in the expenditures, nor do I think it
increases them to the Government. A party car-
rying a cargo upon the lakes will have to pay ten
cents for a manifest. That is the only increase of
expense.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was about to
remark that I desired very much to see a reduc-
tion of the expense of collecting the revenue. I
recollect very well that in 1858 authority was given
to the Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion,
to discontinue ports of delivery, the revenues re-
ceived at which did not amount to the sum of
$10,000; and the Secretary of the Treasury has
now authority, under that act of 1858, to discon-
tinue every portof delivery which was made in the
bill which recently passed the House. I have be-
fore me the authority which I referred to a short
time since, and which I thought I could fiiTd.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The gentleman is discus-
sing the other bill, and not this one. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF COLLECTORS.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to equalize and estab-
lish the compensation of collectors of the customs
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the salaries
of collectors on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers were fixed by an act of
Congress of 1831, which fixed the compensation
of these officers at the amount of fees for the year
then next preceding. Since that time the relative
importance of the ports upon the frontier has been
very much changed. Chicago, Detroit, Buffalo,
and Oswego have become very much enlarged,
while other ports have diminished in importance.
Mr. RIDDLE. The gentlemen will permit me
to say that my own port of Cleveland, I think, has
a larger foreign trade than any other port on either
of these lakes. I know that our shipowners own,
build, and fit out vessels for almost all the ports
in Europe—direct trade. So far from there having
been a material reduction in the business at the
port of Cleveland, except as it has suffered in com-
mon with the whole country, it has very largely
increased; the gentleman's statistics, if he has any,
to the contrary notwithstanding. The collector at
that port has charge, of course, of that district
which embraces other ports, and his compensation
is certainly not at all at present above what a fair
and economical rule could prescribe. I believe that
this bill does not propose to reduce it very much,
perhaps only seventy or eighty dollars; but I think
even that reduction would be unjust to him. It is
clearly a matter of injustice to that port to say that
its business has declined, excepting in so far as the
business of the world generally has declined, or
that its importance has diminished. I know that
it is the interest of some of its rivals sometimes to
report some of its vessels as having been cleared
out and returnt-d to them. Cleveland inaugurated
the business of building and dispatching, vessels
to Europe, and has substantially monopolized that
business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Rhode Island a question.
■ Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man from Cleveland first. I will take one at a
time, if the gentleman will allow me.
The first section of this bill divides the collect-
ors of these northern ports into three classes, and
provides that the salary of the first class shall be
§1,500, of the second class $1,000, and of the third
class $750. The gentleman from Ohio is mistaken
in supposing that his district has a larger com-
merce than any other port upon the lakes, or a
larger foreign commerae, or that the Government
realizes a larger revenue from that port than it does
from other ports. The figures which I have be-
fore me show that it is the fourth port in point of
importance upon the lakes. I have here a state-
ment, showing the gross amount of revenue col-
lected at the several ports on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States,in the year 1830; the gross amount received
by the collectors of said ports respectively—for sal-
ary, fees,and commissions; the amount disbursed
for office expenses, and the net compensation re-
ceived by each in 1830. Also, the gross amount
of revenue collected in 1861, the gross amount
of salary, fees, an^l commissions received, the
amount disbursed for office expenses, and the net
amount of compensation that would have accrued
to each respectively, on the basis of 1830:
gg
S I
97?
a> •
<d •
'*® 3 a g ;3 TO £
•= §.§ cS-f E™ §5 ^
'2><!
s
3:
. ^
. ! £-  ; _oo
* • •— oo h- M . cnjs "Vc^loV'>* ■
♦ . oiai-ooJi.
• • CDSivlO^o' tCCot-'CTiCnQOCOCiCn
  • CO CO --} -J • <CvT4CO 4WaON.
Gross
revenue.
1830. j
' ' • ^
i i >*> :
. . A^^OitOCO. OIOOIHOMO wo
• • c; cc Ol >— >— . WCOOMWr-OOCO
• • CO K)
• • VI tO Oi CO CO O •
Gross |
salary, fees,*
and com,
1830. |
: : : : : :
• • • •   K- .
• • ♦ • Cno • CJI • OSrfkCTiV-'CO'—
• • yi • OWA- IQ M • COWOAWvJ
• • © • I CnC5CJl« OvJ« 1—'OOOJ^CO
. . o  • 0 050; O Co* CO © © © CO CO
Expenses
to be
deducted.
$1,090 81 ,
717 78 !
686 25 !
961 85
1.359 12
11954 23
1.460 10
1.050 71
1,014 00
 376*76*
525 57
409 03
325 46
1,618 42
835 85
1
Net com-
pensation.
1830. ,
25 co •—4, €©
W CC 1— rfw CO I"- >Ck >—*
Is "to co"oj CO Cn"co CO tO%'o>~"-Js^"-5"coSCO
© 01 to 00 ^ co c -■coy <L©<ooi<c>oi--j<o~-j
MOHQMtow'-wocnHuco^cnCiJo
MOMWtOWIOaXOCOHOOSO^UltOO
CC CO <£> 1— OO-IOOOtOCOWOSrf^OCMOGO
1
Gross
revenue.
1861- |
$1,604 08 ,
283 02
694 27
2,403 33
1,752 17 !
3.516 94 !
1,056 45
3,142 65
638 51
274 19
274 25
1.307 82
'338 47
306 78
4,666 32
723 37
2.324 01
786 34
Gross
salary, fees,
and com.
1861. |
;
toco • tb. CO CO M"O
CO to 03 to 0> 0>  
cocuoioo)oyi. co-4.fe.ci*oc<c>cocico
Expenses
to be
deducted.
J-> ^ JO C0r-> bO
rfi, Os © w to bO 0> a> © 0 V— cn
l£>fO©GO -K> 001— COCOCC -4 OO
>£>. to 0<
ti cn CD CC tO«4M©cjWO)®^®WOO
rf* w oo owsMtDQOiatsuo
Net com-
pensation.
1861.
Mr. RIDDLE. I did not contend that Cleve-
land was first in point of general commercial ad-
vantages, I said that it inaugurated the business
of sending vessels direct to Europe, and has sent
and continues to send a larger number than any
port on any of the lakes.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Upon that ground the
collector of the city of Newport, where I reside,
would be entitled to larger compensation than any
other collector in the United States, because it was
once the first commercial city of this country.
The second section of the bill provides that
these collectors on the frontier shall receive fees
and compensation as allowed to the collectors
upon the sea-board up to $3,000^tnd the balance
they are to pay into the Treasury.
The third section of the bill provides for the
keeping of' accounts and estimates by these col-
lectors precisely as is done now by the collectors
upon the sea-board.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD." In a moment, if the gen-
tleman will be patient.' The fifth section of the
bill aboliehes the district of Sackett's Harbor and
annexes it to Cape Vincent, and enlarges the dis-
trict of Niagara, and changes the port of entry to
Suspension Bridge.
The sixth section rtpeals the eleventh section of
the act of May 7, 1822, which provides that, in
addition to the compensation of $3,000, which is
the maximum allowed to this class (Tf collectois,
they may receive a share of the fines and penal-
ties. This repeals that law,and limits the entire
compensation from all sources to $3,000. Any-
