990'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
we may lawfully and constitutionally do under the
Constitution of the United States. It is this dis-
position of mine which I call loyalty. I tliink
there is no uncertainty in the meaning of the^word.
It needs no logic chopping; it needs no piling up
of dictionaries; much less does it mean such a vol-
ume as the Senator from New York spoke of in
regard to common sense, fully to make its mean-
ing known to the world.
This is what I understand to be the right and
the power of the Senate. We are not to be in-
truded upon by a person, whether with or without
credentials, who is not thus loyal to the United
States. If we suffer it, we admit a spy into our
camp.
The next question which addresses itself to us
is my second question; and that is, whether the
facts which have been laid before the Senate are
sufficient in and of themselves to justify us in ex-
ercising this which I regard as an undoubted and
unquestionable power and faculty of the Senate
as a legislative body? What are the facts of this
case? Before referring to the affidavits which I
shall read, I must refer to some other facts of great
notoriety, facts of which I cannot presume the
presentapplicant to have been ignorant at the time
that he made these declarations. That gentleman
at the time he made the declarations upon which I
shall comment directly, I must assume knew sub-
stantially what had taken place at Washington;
he knew what had taken place in South Carolina;
he knew that civil war, a general insurrection,
throughout the slave States was imminent. He
was acquainted with all the causes or the pretended
causes of that insurrection. Why, sir, that mem-
bers of a certain party calling themselves Demo-
crats had made up their minds that there was to
be what is called a dissolution of the Union at a
very early period, is pastalldoubt. Evenasearly
as the beginning of December, i860, only one
month after the election of President Lincoln, we
hear a member of the House of Representatives
from the State of Wisconsin, himself a Democrat,
as I have been told, using the following language
to his friend and correspondent at Milwaukee, that
friend being a Government contractor employed
upon some public works of the United States there.
The person to whom the letter was written was
under a contract to deliver timber to the Govern-
ment at Milwaukee. The writer says:
Washington, December 7, 1860.
Sir: f have just bo en Captain Smith. You will lose
nothing by a failure to make the first delivery of timber.
Captain S. authorizes me to say this to you. My own ad-
vice i3, not to invest a cent in the matter, for the chances
are ten to one that no further prosecution of the work will
be had.
The contract for stone will not be let.
The end is near. Prepare for it. 27m piivately,
Yours truly, C. II. LA11RABEE.
Jonathan Taylor, Esq., Milwaukee.
December 6,1861.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the
original on file in this office.
ilENJAMFN U. ICEYER,
Chief Vleih Light-House Board.
That alarm was sounded as early as December,
1860. li The end is near. Prepare lor it. This
privately." I should like to know what sense of
obligation and honor a member of the House of
Representatives can possess who allows himself
to communicate such alarming intelligence as is
contained in that letter to a friend, and to do it
privately; but let chat pass.
The next fact of a public nature to which I call
the attention of the Senate is the letter of the then
President of the United States of the 30th of De-
cember, 1800, written to certain South Carolina
commissioners, which was published in all the
journals of the country in a very short time after
its date. lie says:
<{ It wag my earnest desire that such a disposition might
be made of the whole subject by Congress, who alone pos-
sess the power, at  to prevent the inauguiation of a civil war
between the parties m regard to the possession of the Fed-
eral foits in the harbor of Charleston."
Again, the President says:
" It is not believed that any attempt will be made to ex-
pel the United Stales from this property by force; but if in
this i should prove to be mistaken, the olhcei in command
of the fort has icceivcd orders to act stiictly on the defens-
ive."
Again, in the same document, he says:
<4It is well known that it was my determination, and this
I freely expressed, not to lemforee the foits in the hailxns
and thus pioduee a collision, until they had been actually
attacked, or until I had certain evidence that they weie
about to be attacked."
At the close of the same letter, he says further:
" At this pomt of writing I have received information by
telegraph fronT Captain Humphreys, in command of the
arsenal at Charleston, that it has to-day (Sunday the 30th)
been taken by force of arms. It is estimated that the mu-
nitions of war belonging to this arsenal are worth $500,000.
Comment is needless. After this'information I have only
to add that, while it is my duty to defend Fort Sumter as a
portion of the public property of the United States against
hostile attacks, ftom whatever quarter they may come, by
such means as I possess for this purpose, I do not perceive
how such a defense can be construed into a menace against
the city of Charleston."
That letter of the President, as I remarked, is
dated the 30th of December, 1860, and was pub-
lished in the journals all over the country. On
the 1st of January, 1861, the South Carolina com-
missioners, in answer to that letter of the Presi-
dent, used the following language in their note:
" He (Major Anderson) abandoned his position, spiked
his guns, bur-ncd his gun-carriages, made preparations for
the destruction of his post, and withdrew, under cover of
the night, to a safer position. This ivaswar." * *
* * " By your course you have probably rendered civil
war inevitable. Be it so. If you choose to force this issue
upon us, South Carolina will accept it, and, relying upon
Him who is the God of justice as well as the God of hosts,
will endeavor to perfoim the great duty which lies before
her hopefully, bravely, and thoroughly."
I read these extracts, Mr. President, for the
purpose of throwing a little light upon the state
of public affairs throughout the country at the
time these declarations of Mr. Stark are alleged to
have been made,and in reference to which he cer-
tainly made them. This becomes necessary in
order to show the animus by which he was actu-
ated at the time he made these declarations. The
last paper I read is dated the 1st of January, 1861.
Now, I take it, it will not be denied that by the
ordinary course of the mail there was an abund-
ance of time for those letters to have reached the
Pacific coast long before the month of February
of the same year had expired.
Now, sir, I come to the evidence which is be-
fore the Senate. On the 29th of October, 1861,
Governor John "Whittaker, of Oregon, signed and
delivered the credentials to Mr. Stark, for they
bear that date. Plow long he remained at Port-
land or in that vicinity does not appear; but it
does appear that during the month of November
a great number of persons came forward as wit-
nesses for the purpose of showing the disloyalty
of Mr. Stark. On the 21st of November, Mr. Sim-
eon Francis addressed a letter to the present Sec-
retary of State, Mr. Seward, in which, inclosing
these papers, Mr. Francis says:
"The signers of the letter transmitted to you to-day, in
the ca-sc of Henjainin Stark, feel themselves under some
embariassment, but one of them bring personally acquaint-
ed with you. I beg to say they compile some of the uin^t
respectable citizens of Portland ; and m my own case, as
thus speaking in behalf of these gentlemen, I refer you to
President Lincoln."
The first paper which is laid before the Senate
is signed by thirteen gentlemen, one of them, a
Mr. Rector, being superintendent of Indian affairs
for Oregon, and another, Mr. Comlon, being In-
dian agent, the others having no official character;
but these persons all unite in the following decla-
ration : ^
"Mr. Stark, who is a resident here, and personaHy known
to us all, has been for the past twelve months an 'aident ad-
vocate of the cause of the rebellious States. He 1ms openly
avowed his sympathies with the South, declarimrthe Gov-
ernment disi upted, and openly expressing Jus admiration
for the constitution of the confederated States, and advo-
cating the absorption of the loyal States of the Union in
the southern confedeiacy under that constitution as the
only means of restoring peace; thus advocating the sur-
render of our Government to the so-called confedeiated
States.
"Mr. Stark has thus expressed himself publicly, and has
in consequence been recognized as the most prominent and
bold of the advocates of secession in tins State. He has
been selected by Governor Whittakei doubtless in conse-
quence of his secession proclivities; thus outraging the
sentiment of the people ot Oregon."
And I believe they speak God Js truth when they
so speak, that the sentiments of the people of Or-
egon arc grossly outraged by the sending of such
a person to this Senate as is Mr. Stark if these
affidavits and other papers arc to be relied upon as
containing the truth: for I believe that people,
like all northern people unpolluted by secession
doctrine, are loyal and true to the Government
under which they live and to which they owe so
n>uch.
"He has been selected by Governor Whittaker doubtless
in conscquence of his secession piochvitics, thus outrag-
ing the sentiment of the people ot Oregon, a large majority
of "whom are loyal to the Union.
"Accompanying this communication will be found affida-
vits from reliable citizensin confirmation of the statements
herein made concerning Mr. Stark."
These thirteen gentlemen,who are thus vouched
for by Mr. Francis as being among the most re-
spectable citizens of Portland, say that the per-
sons who have furnished affidavits, and which I
am about to read? are also respectable, reliable
citizens of that place; but the thirteen proceed and
say further:
"The acts and expressions of Mr. Stark fully warrant the
belief that he would render the cause of the South all the
assistance in his power consistent with his personal safety.
"We believe that Mr. Stark, as United States Senator,
may prove to be a dangerous person, and therefore respect-
fully mge that his actions; may be closely scrutinized, and
that you will take such measures as the public interests
may require to dispossess hnn of all power for harm.
" We are obediently yours."
Signed by the thirteen. Next follows a state-
ment on oath, the oath being administered by-
Samuel E. Burr, a justice of the peace, by Mr.
Wesley C. Hull, in which he says:
"That in the month of February, 1861, he heard said
Benjamin Stark make use of the following language in sub-
stance at the post office in the city of Portland: 'If there
is to be any war between the North and the South all my
property is for sale at fifty cents on the dollar; and I will
go and help the South fight. The palmetto flag is my flag.
The southern confederacy is the only legal government in
existence ; that the United States Government is broken up ;
that Jeff Davis is fighting in a good cause, and it will be
impossible to defeat him.'"
One word, sir, upon this particular passage
which has received the criticism of the learned Sen-
ator from New York. He insists that, inasmuch
as this witness Hull swears that this statement
was made in his hearing at some time in the month
of February, 1861, and inasmuch as, in the opin-
ion of that Senator, the news of these events could
not have reached Oregon at that time, therefore
Hull has sworn falsely, and is not to be believed
on his oath. Let us look into thata moment. Mr.
Hull made this oath on the 18th of November last.
He swears that in the month of February, 1861,
he heard this conversation. In this conversation,
Mr. Stark is reported as saying that the palmetto
Hag was his flag. Is there a doubt about his
knowing what was meant by the palmetto flag in
the month of February, 1861 ? South Carolina
had been out of the Union at that time for nearly
or quite two months, and had a flag of her own,
a rebel flag, which was known as the palmetto
flag; just as well known on the shores of the Pa-
cific as being the rebel flag of South Carolina, as
that the stars and stripes were the standard of the
Union and the nation. So there can be no doubt
about that. There wfls an abundance of time for
the news of the raising of the palmetto flag, at
least, to have gone from New YorK, or from South
Carolina, or from Mobile, or from the Atlantic
coast somewhere to the Pacific coast; and Mr.
Stark may have understood the fact. I have made
inquiry respecting the time occupied by the pas-
sage of the mail from the A tlantic ports to the Pa-
cific ports during that period; and, according to
thebest information which I could obtain, in which
I place great credit, the average time of that pas-
sage was from twenty-eight to thirty days; a month
being a large and liberal allowance under ordinary
circumstances for the passage of information by
mail from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast.
But the Senator seems to find another difficulty
in this affidavit of Mr. Hull, where Mr. Hull
speaks of the southern confederacy. It is true
that that southern confederacy was not, properly
speaking, formed until the 4th day of February.
On that day the rebel congress assembled at Mont-
gomery in the State of Alabama, and on the 18th
day of that same month Jefferson Davis delivered
his inaugural address to the rebel congress. Now,
sir, is it so improbable, as the Senator from New
York would have us believe, that this information
of the constitution of a southern confederacy had
reached tho Pacific coast at that time during the
month of February? 1 think it is not improbable.
Ihavemadefurtherinquiry,and I have ascertained
that at that time there was a pony express from
St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri, to Placerville,
and that there were telegraphic wires on from that
vicinity to San Francisco, and that the whole time
at that period consumed in passing from St. Jo-
seph to Placerville was, upon the average, eight
or ten days only: so that it is quite possible, in
my judgment, and according to the best informa-
tion which I can obtain, that the news of the con-
stitution of the southern confederacy, so called,
