1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
war. The principal falling due in thirty years
wlii hardly bo felt by the mighty empire which
will then be responsible for it. In the mean time,
as the road progresses, the population, cultiva-
tion, and manufacturing, will so increase and en-
rich the countjry that the added wealth will afford
taxation sufficient to indemnify the nation and
pay the interestand principal of the bonds. I am
making this statement on the basis of the present
bill. If the disagreement among the western and
northwestern members should clog the bill with
further branches and other lines, it cannot have
my support. Those dissensions have generally
defeated this measure, and bid fair to do so now.
6. I listened with regret, when this bill was up
before, to what seemed to me a very unwise and
injudicious speech in its favor, by a memberfrom
Missouri. It contained a very unhandsome attack
on the gentleman from Vermont, for his opposi-
tion to it. It involved an assault on the most be-
neficent measure of legislation which has passed
Congress for twenty years; a measure without
which this country would now lie prostrate before
foreign creditors. But it bore the name of my
friend from Vermont, and that produced the sneers
and the tasteless ridicule of the gentleman from
Missouri, as if it were a fact to be ashamed of.
Would to Heaven there were more public men
who had the intelligence, the industry, and the
patriotism to originate,mature, and carry through
great public measures, worthy to bear the impress
of their names and carry them to other nations
and to posterity. Such fame is worthy the am-
bition of lofty minds. If condemned by rival na-
tions, so much greater the evidence of their merit.
They will live in the archives of their country and
the history of mankind, and perpetuate the names
of their authors when these marble walls shall
have crumbled into dust.
The gentleman made grievous complaints of
the hard treatment of Missouri during this rebel-
lion. I have no reproaches to make nor regrets
to utter. But the West have been the favored
children of the nation. Our public lands, the
property of the whole people, have been liberally
iven to build her roads and support her schools.
t am willing to go further, ami 'aid these hardy
pioneers. But it is but illy repaid by querulous
mgiatiuidc. But why does Missouri complain?
The soldiers of the Northwest have moistened
almost every rood of her soil with their blood in
defending her against her own sons.
7. But this is not a western measure, and ought
not to be defended as such. The western soil is
but a platform on which to lay the rails to trans-
port the wealth of the furthest Indies to Philadel-
phia, New York, Boston, and Portland, scatter-
ing its benefits on its way on St. Louis, Chicago,
Cincinnati, Buffalo, and Albany. Then our At-
lantic sea-ports will be but a resting-place between
China, Japan, and Europe.
8. I think this road should be speedily built.
When this rebellion is extinguished, we shall
have some scores to settle with foreign nations,
who, in our troubles, have ventured to insult us.
It will then be too late to begin it.
9. But there is another consideration which, I
confess, above all others, sways my judgment to
immediate action. When in process of time—I
know not how long in the future—our amiable
Government shall have restoied the Constitution
as it way, and shall have given to our warm em-
braces in Congress our well-beloved brethren,
who have robbed the nation and murdered our
brothers, kindred, and neighbors, we shall find
them with the same arrogant, insolent dictation
which we have cringed to for twenty years, for-
bidding the construction of any road that does not
run along our southern border. The result will
be no road, or, by necessary compromise, three
roads the whole way. This would be too heavy
to bear. I am, therefore, for passing this law,
and making it so irrevocable as to require all the
branches of the Legislature to undo it before those
halcyon days shall arrive. This, if no other rea-
son, would be conclusive for immediate action.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the previous question, to
enable me to make an inquiry ?
iVIr. SI IiiVENb, I withdraw for that purpose
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he was in favor of restoring
the Union and the Constitution as it was, or
against it?
Mr. STEVENS. I did not say what my opin-
ion was on that point.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to know
what it was.
Mr. STEVENS. I will tell the gentleman, al-
though it is not exactly pertinent to the issue. I
am for subduing this rebellion, and I am for in-
flicting all the consequences of defeat on a fallen
foe in an unjust war. I am for confiscating the
property of the rebels, and making it pay the cost
of this rebelllion. Then I am for removing the
cause. When we come to reconstructing the Gov-
ernment, I am for reconstructing it so that from
the lakes to the Gulf, from the Penobscot to the
Pacific ocean, there shall be one wide, free, and
mighty empire. That is a little out of the way;
but I give it to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I understand you
are against restoring the Union under the Consti-
tution as it was.
Mr. STEVENS. Not if you could restore it
just as it was. But with it you must restore all
that has been stolen, all that has been expended
in this war. You must restore the ten thousand
freemen who have been sent to death by murder-
ous hands. Until full atonement and reparation
is made, I shall never shake hands with the bloody
murderers. I no w renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to inquire whether
a motion to recommit, for the purpose of having
the bill printed, will be in order if the previous
question shall be seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during the
pendency of the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood the gentleman
from California to say that arrangements would
be made to have the bill printed.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think that the gen-
tleman could have understood me to say so. I
said that there was no power on the part of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to order the bill to be printed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then 1 hope the previous
question will not bo sustained.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The bill has not
been engrossed; and I desire to know whether we
cannot have the vote taken to-morrow by general
consent?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think that by unanimous
consent thatcan be done. My object was to pro-
pose to have the vote taken to-morrow.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Vallandigham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 67, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the substi-
tute reported by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that if it
goes over till to-morrow the bill can be printed?
The SPEAKER. Yes; by unanimous consent.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask consent that the amend-
ment, as reported by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, may be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] stated that it could be
done.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
_ The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Is it in order to
move to recommit this bill?
Tne SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. If the House adjourns now,
will not this be the pending question to-morrow
morning'
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Air. COLFAX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be ordered
to be printed.
It can only be done by unan-
Then i ask unanimous con-
The SPEAKER.
imous consent.
Mr. STEVENS.
sent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I will state
now- 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, Ts
there objection to ordering the bill to be printed?
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. On that I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to submit a propo*
sition. It is to move to adjourn when the previous
question shall have been ordered on the passage
of the bill, with the understanding that the vote
shall betaken on it at two o'clock to-morrow. At
that hour I have no doubt the bill will be printed,
and gentlemen can have informed themselves fully
in regard to its provisions.
There being no objection, that proposition v/as
acceded to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
three o 'clock and forty minutes, p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 6, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMOMALS. f
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, praying " that the freedom
of speech and of the press shall not be abridged,
and that the New York Caucasian, and all other
Democratic papers now excluded from the mails,
in all the loyal States, be allowed the same priv-
ileges as those en joyed by Republican and aboli-
tion papers;" which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have received a petition
addressed to "the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives in Congress assembled," in these
words, dated Massachusetts, January, 1862:
The undersigned, citizens of the United States, pray you
to drop the negro question, and attend to the business of the
country.
This is signed by S. Wheelright, R. "VV. Hol-
brook, and some one hundred others; and I am
advised by the communication accompanying the
petition that it is from farmers and mechanics on
and around the battle-field of Lexington. I move
that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition ofW.
A. Evans, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as Second Comptroller of the Treasury dur-
ing the absence of that officer in the months of
September and October, 1852; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a general
uniform bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented^the memorial of Wesley W.
Bassett, late master in the United States Navy,
praying to be restored to active duty; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 119)
confirming a land claim in the States of Iowa and
Minnesota, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CARLlLE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
76) to authorize and facilitate mining operations
in the States of California and Oregon, and in the
Territories of the United States, reported adversely
thereon.
M*\ POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a memorial re-
monstrating against the proposed change of the
location of the eastern railroad grant of Wiscon-
