2910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
thing more than that which they may receive from
any source is to go into the Treasury.
I have here a statement showing the difference
between the compensation now received by the
collectors of the lake ports and that proposed by
this act, on the basis of collection for the year
ending June 30, 1861:
gaao2«o;Booots!ioo<!
i ? 1= | || ! |1 I | | f | § 1
p =• £.
w "
•° 3
b> C-J y ~o p ^ "o 'to eg £2 o
Oi W U « *t O " W Q vi CPI O CO !C
©oC?a>oooocoo>orf«oo2 o>-,cio
COCBAAptkt^O
O O Ui w w   to ® o ■
s
o iO ai
m o •! y Oi w ai a to o a r/3 o
>! O Ci W H IJ -! W W O! « w a W
eDOOooeo^^.ot'— t— co^oo
cf> o>
3 ^
This shows tin* gross increase of salaries to
be about two thousand dollars—I think exactly
$1,988 94. The bill, I think, will not make any
substantial difference in the receipts into the
Treasury.
1 wiH now hoar the question of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. t believe the question I pro-
posed to ask has be§n substantially answered
already. I wished to inquire whether the effect of
this bill would be, to increase or to decrease the
expenses, und that nuestion has been substan-
tially answered already. I would inquire, how-
ever, us thin bill has not been printed, whether
thesr item? for rent, clerk hire, stationery, &c.,
are to be received by the collectors, over and
above the compensation provided for either by
salary, by fines and penalties, or many other way ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The law in regard to that
will remain substantially as it now exists. The
existing law will not be varied, except in this:
we abolish one collection district, and .shall there-
fore be relieved from the expense of that district.
It will diminish the expense slightly, so far as
they are affected by this one district. Otherwise,
the law remains precisely as it is now.
Mr. EIOLMAN. Theatems of stationery, office
rent, clerk hire, &c., may be received, over and
above these salaries.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Thecollcctordoesnot,of
course, furnish the custom-house or clerk line.
Collectors in the lake ports are to be allowed ex-
penses pn-ciVly as they are allowed on the sea-
board. They wo to be estimated for in advance,
and the Secretary is to allow or to disallow them
as on the sea-board.
There is another provision, however, to which
I did not particularly call the attention of the
House. The bill does away with the necessity
of having a consular certificate of the value of the
Canadian currency, for that value is known as
well by the collector in the lake ports as it :s
known by those on the "Canadian side. These
certificates, as I understand, aiv left in hotels, bar-
rooms, or stoies, and hawked about to every per-
son who wishes to cany over an invoice of goods
from Canada to any part of the United States.
As there is no necessity for this restriction on com-
merce, and as the S.cretnry recommends its abo-
lition, the bill proposes to abolish it.
Mr. CLARK. I uudeistand the gentleman from
Rhode island to state that the collection district of
Sackett's Harbor is to bo abolished, and the col-
lector's salary at Cape Vincent increased.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The district of Sackett's
Harbor is to be abolished, and the compensation
of the collector at Cape Vincent is to be decreased
$139 03. . ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman on what
ground he proposes to reduce the salary of the
collector at Oswegatchie?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The bill gives him a fixed
salary instead of fees. This paper is made up on
the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I inquire of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island whether the Committee
on Commerce have any objection to permitting
this bill to be printed, and its consideration post-
poned for the present?
Mr*SHEFFlELD. My objection to that is,
that there is great necessity for the passage of this
bill at present. These revenue officers have done
a great deal of work, and some of them have per-
haps incurred more expenses during the last year,
by the extraordinary duties imposed upon them,
than they realized from their office—in this: they
have become the depositaries for the Government,
and have been obliged to incur expenses not pro-
vided for by law. It will take the entire income
for the year, of some of them, to defray these ex-
traordinary expenses. The objection that I have
to dcfeiring the bill is, for fear that it might hazard
its passage at the present session.
Mr. BAXTER. I notice that the salary of the
collector at Vermont is fixed at $750. 1 think that
is a reduction.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Yes, of $10 01.
Mi. BAXTER. I do not know the sum. I sec
also that the salary of the collector at Champlain
is fixed at $1,000.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAXTER. Will the gentleman tell me
what rule he adopted in making that classification ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The classification is made
on the amount of revenue collected.
Mr. BAXTER. Will the gentleman be good
enough to state the gross amount of revenue re-
ceived at these two points ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The gross amount of rev-
enue received at Vermont is $9,107 08, and at
Champlain $34,695 13. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time ;and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Thequestion was taken, and the bill was passed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions reported yesterday a resolution that Charles
Henry Foster, claiming a seat as a Representa-
tive from the second congressional district of North
Caiohnu was not entitled to a scat. Mr. Foster
was not then in the House. If he hud been, he
would have been entitled to be heard. The reso-
lution was adopted; and on motion of the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Browne,] the mo-
tion to reconsider was laid on the table. That was
a final disposition of the matter. I desire to ask,
as a matterof justice to Mr. Foster, that he may
have an opportunity to be heard, as if the matter
was still pending for the action of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the gentleman
can leach hits object by offering a resolution that
Mr. Foster is entitled to his seat. That is a priv-
ileged question, and nothing else can override it.
Mr. Fostermay speak to that motion, and satisfy
the House, as I have no doubt he will, that its
action yesteiday was correct.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent to
ray proposition.
Mr. WALL. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I offer the following
resolution; which, however, I do not think should
be adopted:
Resolved, That Charles H. Foster is entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative from the second district in
North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
resolution can be received.
Messrs. W^ALL and TROWBRIDGE ob-
jected.
The SPEAKER. After the House has once
decided a question, and laid on the table a motion
to reconsider it, and no new case is presented, it
cannot be brought back.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seemed to me that unless ,
by unanimous consent the subject could not be
brought again before the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the Chair's opinion.
CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 525) in relation to the elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress by single dis-
tricts.
The bill was read. It enacts that in each State
entitled in the next and any succeeding Congress
to more than one Representative, the number to
which such State is or may be hereafter entitled
shall be elected by districts composed of contig-
uous territory, equal in number to the number of
Representatives to which the State may be enti-
tled in the Congress for which the election is held,
no one district electing more than one Representa-
tive.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
oil the third reading of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, that I may ask a ques-
tion in reference to the meaning of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It has been stated
in the public papers that the object of the bill was
to prevent the election of members from any por-
tion of a State except from the particular disLrict
within which they lived; is that so?
Mr. DAWES. The object of the bill is to carry
out precisely the law of 1842. Its phraseology is
almost the same. That law expired by its own
limitation. It provides merely that members of
Congress shall be elected by single districts.
There is nothing else in it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then it does not
undertake to limit the election.
Mr. DAWES. Not at all. It follows the
plnaseology, almost piecisely, of the law of 1842.
but that law confined its operation to the appor-
tionment of that year.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This bill provides
only for an election by districts instead of by
general ticket.
Mr. DAWES. That is all.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the bill adopt, and
properly, the provision that members shall repre-
sent the districts in which they reside?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon that subject
I will say that it has been repeatedly decided that
it is not in the power of Congress to prescribe any
qualification of members which is not prescribed
by the Constitution.
Mr. DAWES. The bill certainly does not pre-
scribe anything in violation of the Constitution.
It simply provides that members shall be elected
by single districts.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Constitution
only provides that each member shall represent
the district m which he resides.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that. This bill
does not interfere with that.
Mr. SARGENT. If I understand this bill, it
provides that the election of members shall take
place this fall, and that previous to that time the
States shall be districted in accordance with the
new apportionment.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken.
This bill does not provide for fixing the time of
election at all. The sole piovision in it is that
members of Congress shall be chosen by single
districts!
Mr. SARGENT. I will simply remark that
the Legislature of my State has adjourned with-
out districting the State. It does not meet again
until the next year, and therefore, if.the_elaatkm
should taka place this fall, this hnsrcou'ld not be
