1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2911
complied with unless a special session of the Le-
gislature was called for that purpose. And even
then the disagreement in the Legislature in re-
spect to this question is so radical that it would be
impossible for it to agree upon the division of the
State into congressional districts. It cannot be
done until another election has been held. I do
not see, therefore, how it will be possible to district
California for the next Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I regret, most certainly, that
the Legislature of California has not done its duty;
but really this is a bill, I think, which will com-
mend itself to even the gentleman from California,
as a proper bill to be placed upon the statute-books
of the country; and no more opportune time can
be selected for its passage than the present. I call
the previous question on the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
allow me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, to hear the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I respectfully suggest that
the objection of the gentleman from California
oughttoreceivemore consideration thanit is likely
to receive. Suppose a State either fails or refuses
to district itself; I would be unwilling to see a law
upon the statute-books of the country that such
a State should go unrepresented in this House.
It seems to me the bill should go further, and pro-
vide in such a contingency that a State so neglect-
' ing or refusing should be districted'by the Federal
authority.
Mr. DAWES. It will be within the power of-
Congress or of the House to determine how to act
in such case. The House may provide for such
an emergency as they did in 1842, though I trust
they will not determine it in the same way they
did under the law of 1842. It would be beyond
the power of Congress now to provide that a State
so failing to comply with its requirements should
be unrepresented m the next Congress, for the rea-
son that by the Constitution each House for itself
is to be the sole judge of the election and qualifi-
cation of its own members.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is all very true.
Mr. DAWES. The Constitution also, if the
gentleman will allow mc, authorizes Congress to
prescribe the manner in which they are to be
elected. Each House is to judge upon its own
responsibility whether the member is elected in
accordance with the manner^so prescribed or not.
That I suppose is the meaning of the two clauses
of the Constitution. Congress is to prescribe the
manner and the House is to judge as to whether
that manner has been complied with when the
members present themselves for admission.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make a suggestion.
Unless there is a necessity that this bill should
pass now, I hope the gentleman will agree to a
postponement of it, for this reason: I think that
Congress ought to fix a uniform time for holding
the elections for members of Congress in all the
States, and that this bill ought to be amended so
as to accomplish that object.
Mr. DAWES. There is a bill pending in the
Committee of Elections to fix the time for holding
elections for members of Congress in all the States.
It is under consideration in committee, but no
member of the committee has yet been authorized
to report it. It was deemed important that this
bill should become a law at this session; and for
that.reason it was not thought best to encumber
it with other propositions. As the law now stands,
an inconsiderable number of electors could get to-
gether in one corner of any of the States in rebel-
lion, and elect members of this House for the whole
State. We propose, therefore, to require members
of Congress to be elected by separate districts; and
it seems to me that no one but the members from
California, who were themselves elected upon gen-
eral ticket voluntarily adopted by that State, could
object to such a proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. The same law has been in
operation for a long time, and yet California has
habitually disregaided it.
Mr. DAWES. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
Since California came into the Union, there has
been no law requiring the elections of members to
be by single districts. That law was only made
to a^%)ly to the apportionment of 1840, and, of
course, expired in 1850.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman states the
law correctly, and yet he expresses regret, that
California has not done her duty.
Mr. DAWES. la making that remark, I re-
ferred simply to the statement of the gentleman
himself, that the Legislature of California had ad-
journed without districting the State. The gen-
tleman said the disagreement on that subject in the
Legislature was so radical that it could not be
done without the intervention of another election.
Mr. SARGENT. As a matter of policy merely.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask whether,
without any law, any State in the Union has failed
to elect by single districts?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; California and Min-
nesota.
Mr. ALDRICH. Minnesota has, however, now
provided for districting the State.
Mr. DAWES. Then California is the only
State which has not done it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It does strike me that it
is better to leave this congressional district ques-
tion to the State power. Gentlemen, let us not
lose sight altogether of the fact that this Union is
composed of States, and that the people of these
States have certain rights.
Now, sir, as I run my eye over this bill I see
that it requires the States to lay off districts by
counties pro terminus with equal population .Why,
sir, under that law no State can hold a valid elec-
tion, for no State can lay off districts by counties
pro terminus with an equal population in each. I
undertake to say that in the West—I will not
speak for east of the Alleghanies—no such dis-
tricts can be laid off in any State.
Mr. DAWES. The bill does not require that
the districts shall be equal in population.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask that the bill may be
read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. DAWES. In respect to the provision to
which the gentleman from Kentucky alludes, I
will say that it is precisely that of the law of 1842.
It is copied from that law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I neverexamined the law
of 1842.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman that
it-would be impossible to make the districts equal
in size, equal in population, and of contiguous
.territory, but the bill requires no such thing.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What evil has afflicted the
country by leaving the whole matter with the
States, to elect by general ticket or by single dis-
trict? Has any great evil afflicted any interest of
the country from any such cause? What was the
cause of the passage of the law of 1842? Why not
allow the States to lay off their own districts as
they please?
Mr. DAWES. I will reply to the gentleman
that this bill does not contemplate what he sup-
poses. There is no provision that the Federal
Government shall lay off the districts for any State.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is coming to that.
Mr. DAWES. It contemplates merely that
this shall be done by State authority.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The Constitution gives to
each House the power to decide upon the election
and qualifications of its own members. It did not
contemplate that we should interfere with the
States in respect to the districts they are to layoff.
I see no necessity for such legislation.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not com-
prehend the bill. It is perfectly apparent that,
without this bill, any State can elect by a general
ticket. The bill requires that members shall here-
after be elected by single tickets, and that is all it
does require.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 was inquiring whether
any evil resulted to the country by the general
ticket system.
Mr. DAWES. I have been under the impres-
sion that the general ticket system was considered
an evil.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It has not been deemed
dangerous that I know of.
Mr. DAWES. During the last twenty years
nearly every State in the Union has abandoned the
general ticket system, and res<fhed to the single
ticket system. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to v/ithdiaw the call for the pre-
vious question in order that I may move an amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to with-
drawing the call for the previous question for that
purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. I will simply remark that
unless the amendment which I propose to offer is
adopted, the State of California will be unrepre-
sented in the next Congress. I do not believe that
it is the purpose of this House to exclude Cali-
fornia from representation in the next Congress,
which it certainly will do if it passes this bill as
it has been reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions. It will certainly, unless amended, leave
California dependent upon the charity of the next
House of Representatives for any representation
at all. Saying that much, I will leave it to the
good sense of the House to decide whether we
ought not to be excluded from the provisions of
the bill. I move the adoption of the following
amendment:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not apply
to the State of California, so far as they may have Repre-
sentatives to the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say
a few words upon this bill before the#question is
taken upon its passage. We are called upon to
pass a measure that the members of the next
Congress 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman to order.
I make the point that it is not in order to debate
the question during the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to hirh, then,alto-
gether, on condition that he renews the demand,
for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will renew the
demand for the previous question. I desire to
present some reasons, Mr. Speaker, why I think
it inexpedient to legislate at this time in the man-
ner proposed.
The next Congress will assemble under the new
apportionment. In some of the States not now
represented on this floor the number of Repre-
sentatives will be increased, in others diminished;
while in others no change in the number will be
made by the new. apportionment. In all these
States the Representatives are elected by districts,
each districtelecting butoneRepresentative. Such
is the requirement of the laws of these States. In
those States where the number of Representatives
wiil be less in the next Congress than they are
entitled to in this Congress, the Legislature must
assemble and redistrict the State before Represent-
atives shall be elected. It is manifest it is the in-
tention of the framers of this bill to require the
States which have not already done so to redis-
trict the States. This will require the Legislatures
to be assembled. In many of the States not here
represented this cannot be done. The civil war
prevents it. But if Congress shall not legislate
as proposed so soon as the authority of the Gen-
eral Government shall be maintained throughout
a congressional district, there is nothing to pre-
vent the people of that district from electing a Rep-
resentative. TheUnion electors of such a district
will electaRepresentativejand I shall be rejoiced
to see him here.
But the requirementsbf this bill cannot be com-
plied with, unless the people qf the State shall
have returned to their allegiance and assembled its
Legislature. And that Legislature must redistrict
the State for the election of its Representatives.
If this bill shall not become a law, and I see no
necessity for its passage, the necessity of con-
vening the Legislature will not exist, unless the
representation of the State shall be less in the next
than in the present Congress. But suppose the
representation of a State shall be increased in the
next Congress. Tafces for instance, the State of
Louisiana, which is entitled to four Representa-
tives. Suppose it will be entitled to five under
the new apportionment. Then, if the Legisla-
ture of the State shall not assemble, the people
can elect a Representative from each of the four
districts and leave the Legislature to provide for
the election of the fifth Representative at such
time and in such manner as it may deem advisa-
ble. The pending bill will not permit this course
to be adopted.
The State of Arkansas is now entitled to two
