1862.
THE OOJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
sin, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
BATTLE OF PITTSBURG LANDING.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies of all official reports from ail
officers in command, relating to the recent battles at Pitts-
burg Landing, on the 6th, 7th, and 8th days of April last.
I ask that it lie on the table for a day or two,
and I will call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie on
the table.
BILL INTKODUCED.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
302) to protect the property of Indians who have
adopted the habits of civilized life; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
225) for the relief of the owners, officers, and crew
of the Spanish bark Providencia.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 1st instant,an act(H. R. No. 406) for the
relief of Francis HiittmaHn.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
call up the bill we had under consideration yes-
terday, limiting the number of major and briga-
dier generals in the Army and volunteers. It is
important that it should be passed. I move that
it be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
advised that that bill has not been returned from
the printer.
Mr. GRIMES. There must be some mistake
about it. It has not been sent to the printer. We
had it under consideration yesterday, and it was
laid over as the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed thatit was sent to the printer, as all bills
reported from committees, under the general rule
of the Senate, have to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. After the Senate takes them
up to act upon them ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The proper
business in order would be the unfinished business
of yesterday morning, which was the homestead
bl!1" ROSE M. IIARTE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senate to take
up and consider a little bill which I reported yes-
terday from the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, for the relief of Rose M. Hartc,
widow of Edward Harte. It will take but a mo-
ment. It is a private bill that passed the Senate
at a former session, and it was only prevented
from becoming a law because of the adjournment
of Congress before the House of Representatives
could act upon it. The committee were very
much in favor of it.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire what that bill is,
and whether it will lead to any debate?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Not a particle. If any
gentleman wishes to understand it, there is a re-
port accompanying the bill which may be read.
It was once before reported unanimously from
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] and
has been again reported.
Mr. WADE. I think we had better adhere to
the homestead bill. I apprehend this bill will lead
to debate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT;)™ tempore. The Chair is
informed that that bill also is in the hands of the
printer. Having been reported yesterday, it was
sent to the printer, and has not yet been returned.
The bill before the Senate is the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour of yesterday, the home-
stead bill.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
125) to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, and to provide a bounty for sol-
diers in lieu of grants of public lands, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr. Car-
lile to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert tne following:
That all commissioned and non-commissioned officers,
musicians, or privates, who have performed or who shall
hereafter perform military service under the proclamation
of the President, of the 15th of April, 1861, or any of the
acts of the fust session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, or
under any acts which may hereafter be passed by Congress
during the present war with States in rebellion against the
Federal Government, or war with any foreign nation dur-
ing the same; and all militia, volunteers, or State troops
of any description, of any State or Territory, who have per-
formed or who shall hereafter perform any military service
in aid of the Federal Government, or in defense of their
own State or Territory, against armed foes in rebellion
against the Federal Government; and also every officer,
commissioned and non-commissioned, seaman, ordinary
seaman, flotilla-man, marine, clerk, and landsman, who
have performed or shall hereafter perform service in the
Navy of the United States, in the present war, or in any
foreign war during the same, shall be entitled, in lieu of
the bounty of $100 authonzed by law, to enter one hun-
dred and sjxty acres of any unappropriated public lands,
which may at the time the application for said entry is made,
be subjectto preemption at $1 25 orless per acre ; oreighty
acres of such unappropriated lands, at $2 50 per acre ; to
be located in a body, in conformity to the legal subdivision
of the public lands, and after the same shah have been sur-
veyed.
Mr. CARLILE. I hope the Senate will indulge
me with the yeas and nays on that proposition, and
I shall not trouble the Senate with any remarks
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
prevail. I do not want to enter into any argument
upon it; but I will say that the bill now before the
Senate is one that has been acted upon here a great
many times; it is a bill that has been approved by
both branches of Congress several times, although
it never happened to get passed into a law. The
proposition of thcSenatoris entirely different from
that. All I want is for the Senate to vote under-
standing^ upon it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Caihle, Davis, Henderson, Kennedy,
McDougall, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, Willey, Wilson of
Missouri, and Wright—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittlc, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harris, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—98.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read the third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make an inquiry,
which I do in consequence of the form of the title
as read at the desk. Does it provide for soldiers'
land? Is that in it at all ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; that is all struck out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Gilines, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Kennedy,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, McDougall, Mor-
rill, Pomeroy. Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachusetts,
Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Carlile, Davis, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Stark, and Wiliey—7.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the title of
the bill by striking out the words, " and to pro-
vide a bounty for soldiers in lieu of grants of the
public lands;" so that it will read, "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain."
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
The PRESIDENT;;™ tempore. The Chair will
call up the special order for the hour, being Sen-
ate bill No. 178, to incorporate the Washington
and Georgetown Railway Company, which was
made the special assignment for half past twelve
o'clock to-day, and the Chair will state the ques-
tion. This is a Senate bill in which the House
of Representatives have concurred, with certain
amendments, which returned the bill to the Sen-
ate, and by the Senate it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. That com-
mittee report the bill back with certain amend-
ments to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The amendment of the House will
first be read, and then the amendments reported
by the committee to those amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. It is hardly necessary, I take
it, to read the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, because it is one entire bill, which
has been laid on the desks of all the members of
the Senate, and they have had an opportunity to
examine it. If the Secretary will commence with
the amendments submitted by the Senator from
Maine from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia we shall get an intelligible understanding
of the matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
the course pursued if there be no objection; and
the amendments reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbia to the amendment of
the House of Representatives will be read.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear what the Senator
from Iowa slated
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
repeatedly endeavored to secure order, and there
is no way of securing order unless there will be
attention.
Mr. HALE. It is a bill I take some interest
in, and I did not hear the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa. I should be obliged to him if
he would repeat it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Clerk was about to read
the entire amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the original Senate bill, which is a sub-
stitute that House senthere. I suggested that it was
hardly necessary to read that entire bill, but that
in lieu of it lie should commence with reading the
amendments to that amendment which have been
submitted by the Committee on the District of
Columbia. It will save the reading of some fif-
teen pages of printed matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the Clerk will read the amendments
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the latter amendment being to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the Senate bill
and insert a substitute.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
committee, which was in line seven of the first
section of the House amendment, after the names
of the corporators there mentioned, to insert:
J. J. Coombs, J.Henry Puleston,F.dward Williams, Wil-
liam Osborne, Edward Clark, Cornelius S. Bushnell, Zenas
C. Robbins, Eliab Kingman, Sayles J. Bowen,GilbertVan-
derwerken. and William II. Tenney.
Mr. HALE. Before that amendment is con-
curred in, it strikes me that it should be made more
definite. I have before me a bill to incorporate a
railroad company for a road to the Pacific, and
there is something put in to indicate who the in-
dividuals are that are named; but I see here that
there are a certain number of names picked up and
put in the bill, in the first place, by the House of
Representatives, without telling anything about
who they are or where they belong to, and then
the committee of the Senate have put in another
set of names of whom we know nothing. It
strikes me that the least which should be done is
that this thing should be made so definite that we
should know who it is that we are incorporating,
and then we might possibly be able to judge of'
the reason why these franchises are given to some
twenty-six or twenty-seven persons picked up all
over the United States, to the exclusion of the
" rest of mankind." I think the very least the
Senate should know before they adopt this amend-
ment is where these gentlemen are from, and who
they are. If they do not do that, I think I know
at least three orfour people whose name isTliomas
Berry; it is a very common name in the State of
New Hampshire, and it is common in the city of
New York. I think I know a gentleman, a mer-
chant, in the city of New York, of some consid-
erable standing, of the name of Thomas Berry.
A good many of these gentlemen are from New
York. I am told there is a Thomas Berry living
in the city of Washington, a very respectable gen-
tleman. I know there are several in the county of
Stafford, State of New Hampshire, of that name;
and it strikes me it would be improper to incor-
