2914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
ferced to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
, The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK subsequently said: The Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to whom was referred a resolution
in regard to the pay of the clerk of the Pacific
railroad committee, have directed me to report it
back, with a recommendation that it pass; and I
ask unanimous consent to have it put on its pas-
sage now, and I will state the reason why. The
clerk is from California, and expects to leave on
Saturday in the steamer, and it is desirable that
he should have his pay immediately, so that he
may make preparations to leave.
Jilr. TRUMBULL. What is the amount?
Mr. CLARK. About twelve hundred dollars
for seven months'service—the same as other com-
mittee clerks get.
The resolution was read the third time, and
JANE B. EVANS.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, the bill (S. No.
346) for the relief of Jane B. Evans was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the patent originally
granted to CadwalladerEvnns on the 15th ofApril,
1839, which letters patent were surrendered and
renewed on the 23d of November, 1852, and after-
wards extended by the Commissioner of Patents
for the term of seven years from and after the ex-
piration of the first term, the patent being a " new
and useful improvement in steam boilers and ap-
paratus to be used on board of steamboats lo pre-
vent the explosion of boilers," shall be renewed,
revived, and extended for tile term provided in
section sixteen of "An act to promote the prog-
ress of useful arts," approved March 2,18G1, for
the benefit of Jane B. Evans, widow of Cadwal-
lader Evans, her heirs or assigns; but it is pro-
vided that the renewed and extended patent shall
be open to legal inquiry and decision in the same
manner as if issued under the general law rela-
ting to patents; and that all rights of third per-
Bons, acquired and intervening between the expi-
ration and renewal of the (intent, shall be saved to
them against such renewal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third tune, and passed.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
324) to provide for Ihe relief of honest but unfor-
tunate debtors, and the distribution of their prop-
erty among their creditors, by the establishment
of a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the. United States, together with numerous memo-
rials, both for and against the passage of a bank-
rupt law, have instructed mo to report back the
niemoiials to the Senate, and ask to be discharged
from their further consideration, and to report
back the bill, with a recommendation that its con-
sideration bo postponed until the first Monday of
December next.
The motion to discharge the committee from
the consideration of the various memorials was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back a bill for a uniform system
of bankruptcy, and by direction of the committee
moves that the further consideration of that bill
be postponed until the first Monday of December
next.
Mr. HALE. Does it not require unanimous
consent to consider that report to-day, under the
rule ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope it will not be
considered to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rule.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to know what dispo-
sition was made of the leport on the bankrupt
bill? ^
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rule, no action being taken on the re-
port, winch will come up to-morrow, or whenever
it shall be called up.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 want to be heard on that
question.
CONGRESSMEN INTERESTED IN CONTRACTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a resolution
instructing the Committee on the Judiciary to
inquire into the charges against C.D. Schubarth,
as made in the report to the Secretary of War by
Hons. Joseph Holt and Robert Dale Owen, and
what legislation is necessary to prevent official in-
fluence in procuring contracts from the Govern-
ment, and also a bill (S. No. 358) to pre vent mem-
bers of Congress and officers of the Government
of the United States from taking consideration for
procuring contracts from the United States, ask
to be discharged from the consideration of the res-
olution, and report the bill back with an amend-
ment.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to inform the Senate
that to-morrow morning I shall move to take up
that bill and put it on its passage.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d of
March, 1837, entitled "An act supplementary to
the actentitled 1 An act to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States,' " have instructed mo to
report back the House amendments, with a recom-
mendation that the Senate do not agree to the
amendments of the House; and also to ask to be
discharged from sundry petitions of members of
the bar in the State of Indiana, and a resolution of
the Legislature of Iowa in reference to the same
subject.
The committee were discharged.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on concurring m the amendment of the
House of Representatives. The Committee on
the Judiciary report adversely to concurrence, and
recommend that the Senate non-concur.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not ask for action at
present.
Mr. GRIMES. I enter the motion that the Sen-
ate do concur.
The PRESIDENT pro Umpire. That will be
the motion put. It lies over, objection being made
to its present consideration.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. HALE. 1 now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 350) to repeal an act entitled " An act to
prevent and punish fraud on the part of officers
intrusted with making out contracts for the Gov-
ernment," approved June 2, 1862.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will be gratified in this motion. Yes-
terday, when I moved to take up a little bill which
would save to the Government §3,680 a year, that
Senator objected to its consideration, and called
for a division of the Senate. 1 have tried for the
last fortnight and more to get that bill passed. I
have yielded at one time to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, at another time to the Senator from Iowa,
at another time to the Senator from California,
and to three or four other Senators. I have given
way repeatedly. Yesterday, a little ungraciously,
as 1 thought, the Senator from New Hampshite,
without having any apparent object—for ho did
not move anything afterwards—opposed it; but
as the Senate was very thin, 1 withdrew the mo-
tion rather than have a division when there was-
no quorum present. Now, I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will be gratified in his own
way, and some time or other, perhaps, I shall get
up my bill.
Mr. HALE. I will not make a personal apol-
ogy t0 'bo Senator, because I think he makes his
complaint in bad temper; but I will make it to the
Senate. I did object to that because it was a pri-
vate bill; and I said I thought public bills ought
to be considered; and I did move to take up this
bill, and was voted down on it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not a private bill.
Mr. HALE. I cannot help it. I thoughtthis
was a public bill that demanded the consideration
of the Senate, and as an act of duty, on no private
bill of my own, but simply governed by public
considerations, I moved to take up this bill yes-
terday, hut foiled.
Mr. SUMNER. It is proposed to postpone all
prior orders. I shall not oppose the motion, though,
like the Senator from New York, 1 have every day
for more than a week tried to get the eye of the
Chair in order to call up a bill of veiy important
public interest, which ought to be acted upon with-
out delay—a bill to carry into effect the treaty be-
tween the United States and her Britannic Maj-
esty for the suppression of the African slave trade.
It ought to be acted upon as soon as possible, ill
order to secure the concurrence of the House of
Representatives during the present session. With
that view, I have sought to bring it forward. I
have not succeeded; but I give notice that as soon
as the Senate has acted upon the bill of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire I shall deem it my
duty to call up the other bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 350) to repeal an act enti-
tled " An act to prevent and punish fraud on the
part of officers intrusted with making of contracts
for the Government,"approved June 2,1862, was
resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to have the bill
read.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
JBe if- enacted, \$'c., That the act entitled " An act to pre-
vent and punish frauds on the part of officers intrusted with
making of contracts for the Government," approved June
2,1862, be, and the same is hereby, lepealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I think that this bill might be
amended so as perhaps to reserve to the Govern-
ment all the benefits which the bill it proposes to
repeal would confer, by simply excepting from
the operation of the repealing bill all such con-
tracts as in the opinion of the Department ought
to be kept secret and apart from the public eye.
I understand that the Navy Department object to
the bill because it requires them to put upon the
public files of the new office which it is contem-
plated shall be established by the original bill,
contiacts which, in their opinion,ought not to be
exposed to the inspection of everybody. Now,
I see no great difficulty in confining this repeal-
ing clause to such contracts as ought not to be put
upon the record, and I therefore pi opose to amend
the bill, and except from the operation of the ori-
ginal law those contracts which in the opinion of
the Department by which the contract was made
ought not to be put upon the records.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to hearfrom
the Senator from New Hampshire, who offers this
bill, what reasonsexist for repealing the act. None
have been stated. It may be very proper to re-
peal it, but I have heard no reason why it should
bo repealed. I should like to know if there be
any reason.
Mr. HALE. That is not my fault. It was
stated very fully, verbally and in writing, and
then the Senate ordered the documents, which
were read, to be printed. They have been printed,
and laid on the tables? of members.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have not seen them.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is being prepared by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and will be read as soon as it is forwarded
to the Clerk.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to amend by adding
at the end of the bill the following:
In so far as the same requires contracts to be filed in the
 oificc. which in the opuuon of file Department making
the same ought not to be made public.
So that the bill will read:
That the act entitled "An act to prevent arid punish
1'iauds," See., be,and the same is hereby, lepealed, in so far
as the same lequire* contracts to be filed in the office,
which in the opinion of the Department moving the same
ought not to he made public.
I will ask the Senator from Iowa what that
office is called in the law.
Mr. GRIMES. The t( Bureau of Returns" is
what the law calls it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blank
will be filled by inserting the appropriate name of
the office.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the title of the bill is the
il Bureau of Returns." I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will consent to modify his amend-
ment so as to provide that the law shall not apply
to the Navy Department. The reason why it
ought not to apply to that Department is obvious.
The Navy Department is now required to do sub-
