1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
United States until the otdinary courseof judicial pjoceed-
ings shall be restored in the State ordistrict where the same
is situated, and in all cases until the owners of said piop-
erty can be proceeded against by legal prosecution; but no
persons holden to service, commonly called slaves, shall be
taken under this section; and all such personal property as
shall be so taken, which is perishable or expensive in keep-
ing, may be sold by said commissioners, who shall keep and
render full accounts of all the avails and receiptsfrom said
property so sold, let. or occupied, and pay over the avails to
the Treasury of the United States.
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That whenever it shall
be deemed necessaiy to the speedy and successful termi-
nation of the existing rebellion against the authority of the
Federal Government by the Fiesident, he is hereby author-
ized, by such commissioners as ho shall appoint, to seques-
ter and seize the property, real and personal, of such per-
sons not included in the preceding section as shall bear
arms against the United States, or give aid and comfoit to
such persons, wherever situated, and hold, occupy, rent,
and control said property for the United States, according
to the provisions of the preceding section ot this act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the owner of
any property which may be seized, as aforesaid, shall flee
from" justice, so that he cannot bo brought to tiial, upon
indictment found, and aietui n upon the capias issued theie-
on of won est innenlu#, an order shall be made l>y the court
where such indictmcnt is pending, tequiung such peison
to appear beloie said couit, at such time as may be fixed
therein, and take his tiial; which said order shall be pub-
lished in such newspapers and for such time as the court
may determine; 'and if such person shall not return and
take his trial as required, such person shall be taken and
deemed to have renounced all claim to any property which
may have been seized as aforesaid, and lie and his heirs
shall be forever barred from making atiy claim or maintain-
ing any action for the recoveiy thereof, but the same shall
be confiscated and become the pioperty of the United States.
Sec.O. Jlnd he it further enacted, Thatin any State or part
thereof, in which the inhabitants have by the Piesidcnt been
heretofore declared in a Plate of insurrection, the Piesident
is hereby authorized and required, immediately after the
passage of this act, by proclamation, to fix and appoint a
day, not rnoic than thuty dajs aftei the passage of this act,
when all persons holden to seivice or labor in any such
State or pait thereof, whose eeivice or labor is by the law
or custom of said State duo to one who, alter the passage
of this net, shall levy wai or participate in insuuection
against the United States, oi give aid to the same, shall be
free, and discharged from snch chum to labor or scrvice;
and thereupon said person shall be loteverfiee and dis-
charged Horn said labor or set vice, any law or cu<tom of
said State to the contrary notwithstanding. And whenrver
any person claiming to he entitled to the service orlaborof
any other pei.-on t-hall seek to cnfoi ce snch claim, he hhall,
in the fir^t instance and befoie piooeeding with thctualof
his claim, satisfactorily prove that he is and has been, dur-
ing the existing rebellion, loyal to the Government of the
United States; and no person engaged in the mihtaiyoi
naval seivice of the United States shall, under any pretense
whatever, assume to decide on the validity of the claim of
any pei^ou to the <*ei vice m laboi of any other peison, or to
suirender up any such pei>on to the claimant.
See. 7. Jlnd be it furtkei enaded, That it shall he the
duty of the President ot the United States to make piovis-
iou for the tiansportation, colonization, and settlement in
some tiopical country, beyond the iumts of the United
State?, of such persons, of the African lace, made fieeby
the provisions of this act, as may he willing to eimgiate,
having first obtained theconsent of the Govermnentof said
couutty to their protection and settlement within the s>ame,
with all the rights and pimleges of Ireemen.
Sec. 8. *A>ul.l,c it further cnactat, That the. Piesldent is
hereby authorized, at any tunc hereafter, by pioelmnation,
to extend to persons who may have paitieipated in the ex-
isting jebcllion in any State or part tlieieoi pardon and am-
nesty, with such exceptions and at Mich tune and on such
conditions as he shall declaie and pioclaim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to this amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts who moves this amendment that
the fifth section as proposed by him may be
amended; and if he will allow me, I will read what
I think should be added to it, to see if he will
adopt it. It is the fifth section, in regard to the
confiscation of the properly of those persons who
flee from justice. I suggest that thcic should be
added at the close of that section these words:
And all persons to whose scrvice or labor, he. by any law
or custom, had any title, commonly called slaves, shall tor-
ever thereafter be free.
So that a person who flees from justice shall
lose his slaves as well as his property. 1 have it
written, if the Senator will adopt it as a part of
his amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
I accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts modifies his proposed amend-
ment by adding at the end of the fifth section the
following:
And all persons to whose scrvice or labor he bv any law
or custom, had any title, commonly called slaves,''Miall for-
ever thereafter be free. '
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is not my
purpose to detain the Senate but for a moment to
make a brief explanation of the amendment. The
Senator from Veimont has moved to amend the
original bill. Since that amendment was offered
there have been evidences that it has met favor,
or certain provisions of it have met with favor in
certain quarters of the Senate. I propose to strike
out all after the first section of that amendment,
which is a section for punishment for treason, and
substitute the amendment which has just been
read. The second section of this amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont is
the third scction of his amendment. I should have
moved to strike out all after that section, but I
desired to get rid of his second section, which
freed simply the slaves of those who might be
convicted under the bill.
Then, sir, I propose, in the third section of my
amendment to amend substantially the fourth sec-
tion of the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, so as to make it imperative upon the Pres-
ident, that he shall not only be authorized but
required to seize the property of certain classes
that are specified in the section, and that have
been already specified by the Senate by an amend-
ment incorporated into the original bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. This amendment makes it im-
perative upon the President to seize the propeity
of these classes of persons, these leaders of the
insurrection, and to hold and use this property as
provided for in the fourth section of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senatorfrom Vermont. All
there is, then, in this section is this: it authorizes
and requires the President to seize the property
of these leading rebels, and to deal with the prop-
erty as proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
Then, the fourth section of this amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont pro-
vides that whenever the President shall deem it
necessary for the speedy and successful termi-
nation of this rebellion, he is authorized to seize
the property of other persons engaged in the in-
surrection not specified in the third section, and
to use it according to the same provisions pro-
vided for in the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Veimont. In other words, if the Pres-
ident thinks it ncccssary, in order to suppress the
insurrection, he may seize the property of other
persons besides those mentioned in the bill, and
use it in precisely the same way.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will pardon me a
moment, I want to suggest to htm at this point an
amendment that 1 have drawn which will cover
those two classes of cases. There may be in the five
classes mentioned in the bill some persons whose
property we do not want to take. I will either
read it now or when the Senator gets through.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will hear
it read now.
Mr. CLARK. It is this:
Sec. 4. And he it further enacferf, That for the speedy and
succe>&lul tennination of the iebellion,and the punishment
of those engaged theiem, the Pi evident of the United States
in hereby aurhouzed, and it shall be im duty, by the mar-
shals of the respective distncts, or such commissioner or
othei peisons as he may appoint for that puiposc, to seize
the propcity,real and personal, wherever found, of all such
peisons as shall have, after the passage of tin* act, promi-
nently engaged in said rebellion, or notoriously incited,
canh'd foiward, or aided theicm, bearing anus against the
United States, or giving aid and comfoit to such peis-ons as
have done so.
It includes all the prominent rebels without
classifying them. There may be persons in the
classes mentioned whose property we do not want
to take. My amendment goes further, but I only
suggest the amendment so far.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am not
sure that the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire is better than this section. I will read
it, and if it be, I will adopt it as part of my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is within
the competency of the mover of the amendment to
the amendment to modify it as he pleases. It is
not open to amendment by the Senate.
Mi. CLARK. I was not going to move the
amendment, but simply suggest it to the Senator
that he may consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
understood.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The fifth
section of the amendment I propose was offered
in the Senate by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and he has moved to perfect it this morning,
which modification I have accepted. The whole
section as it stands was prepaied by that Senator.
It seems to me it has been drawn with great care,
and it ought to receive the support of the Senate.
I come now to the proposed change in the sixth
section. Theamendmentof the Senatorfrom Ver-
mont provides for discharging the slaves of per-
sons under certain conditions; that is, that the
President may do it if he deems it necessary for
the suppression of the rebellion. He puts it in
the discretion of the President. That provision
in my amendment is in these words:
That in any State or part thereof, in which the inhabit-
ants have by the President been hcretofoie declared in a
state of insuirection, the President ia hereby authorized and
required, immediately after the passage of (his act, by proc-
lamation, to fix and appoint a day, not more than thiity
days after the passage ot this act, when all persons holden
to service or labor in any such State or pait theieof, whose
service or labor is by the law or custom of said State due
to one who, after the passage of this act, shall levy war or
participate in insunection against the United States, or
give aid to the same, shall be free, and discharged irom such
claim to labor or service.
This makes it imperative upon the President to
issue his proclamation, immediately after the pas-
sage of the act, to fix a day, not more than thirty
days after the act is passed, and the slaves of all
persons who engage in insurrection or rebellion
after they have had the warning of thirty days,
after the time is fixed, are made free. As I said
the other day, this is the chief concern I have with
the bill. I want to punish the rebels; I do not
want to punish them cruelly. I want to punish
them by taking from them the very cause that
made them rebels; not only to punish them, but
to take security for the future, to take a bond for
the peace and repose of the country hereafter.
This amendment makes it imperative on the Pres-
ident to issue a proclamation, to issue it immedi-
ately, and to fix a day not more than thirty days
distant, and give notice to these rebels that the
slaves of all those who are in rebellion against
this Government after that day shall be free. I
think this a reasonable proposition. I believe if
it were submitted to the country, it would receive
a vote approaching unanimity. I do not believo
there is a loyal free State in this Union to-day in
which, if this section, as it stands, were put to the
peoplo at the polls there would be a vote worth
recording against it. I believe it is the sentiment
of ninety-nine out of every hundred men who are
m the ranks fighting the battles of our country.
The seventh section of my amendment to the
amendment is in the bill reported by the Senator
fiom Illinois, and makes provision for voluntary
colonization. The last sectton of the amendment
to the amendment is substantially in the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Veimont,
with some modifications made necessary by the
change made in the body of the bill.
I have offered this amendment in the hope to do
something towards the perfection of a bill that
will be effective, that will tend to the suppression
of the rebellion, that will punish those engaged in
it, and that will secure the future peace and wel-
faie of the country.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, it strikes me, is
an important one. I think it goes a good way to-
wards harmonizing some of the differences in the
minds ofSenators. Ifthere could be time for con-
sidering it further, or for maturing it, or if it were
sent to a committee to pcrfect it, it seems to me
the Senate might readily come to some conclusion
that would be satisfactory. I do not wish to throw
this measure into the hands of its enemies, but I
desire thatameasureshall be perfected which shall
meet the general approbation. I do not desire to
be upon that committee. I voted against one some
days ago; but further experience in the Senate has
shown me that there is some necessity of a commit-
tee for this purpose,and unless itshould be stren-
uously objected to by the friends of the measure,
and they may have fear that it would be casting
it into the hands of its enemies, I will move that
the whole subject, this amendment and all the
other bills, be committed to a select committee of
five for the purpose of being perfected.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator had bet-
tei say seven.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to seven,
it my fwenda prefer it. I think seven will answer
well enough, and we may have more consideration
given to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
having once rejected a precise proposition of that
character it, would not strictly be in order, but as
to the number, if it be the pleasure of the Senate
that seven rather than any other number should
