1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBjE.
constitute the committee, the Chair will entertain
that proposition.
Mr. HALE. Otheramcndmcntsandotherbills
have been introduced, which make it a different
proposition to commit from that on which the
Senate acted.
The PRESIDENT p7-o tempore. The sugges-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire is well
taken. They have changed sufficiently the char-
acter of the proposition to make it a new one.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a single word.
There is a difficulty in my minu in regard to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I think I have been as anxious and as earnest as
anybody to advance the cause of free principles,
so far as might be done consistently with the rights
we owe under the Constitution; but it seems to
me the machinery of the sixth section of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
objectionable to the exception that it is not in ac-
cordance with the Constitution. I hope we have
not got so far that a man may be treated here as
1 used to be in my own State when I quoted the
State constitution and the Supreme Court. The
sixth section of the amendment undertakes to au-
thorize the President of the United States to go
into one of the States of the Union and point out
a crime, and as a punishment for that crime, by
proclamation, to liberate his slaves. It strikes
me, if we have any Constitution at all—the thought
is new to me—such a proceeding is palpably un-
constitutional. It is not worth while for us to let
our feelings run away with our judgments entire-
ly, though I am willing to let them go a good way.
I think the Senator will find that that is nothing
more nor less than taking that crime, which is
being in rebellion, or participating in insurrection,
which is a crime now upon the statute, and im-
posing as a penalty a punishment, not of confis-
cation, but of the liberation of his slaves by the
simple proclamation of the President. That will
probably be thought of by others who arc able to
give it more mature consideration.
I wish to say funher, once for all, that I am,
as at present advised, opposed to any and every
one of these bills and amendments and parts of
bills that looks to a trial and conviction in the
courts as a condition precedent to doinganything.
Whatever may be the intentions, the real bona fide
intentions and honest opinions of gentlemen who
indicate a course of that sort—of course I have
not a word against it—but the effect of that prop-
osition is just exactly to emascnlatc entirely the
whole measure. It is to render it as completely-
useless as a practical measure as it can be possi-
ble to do. You might as well move to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill. These are the views
that suggest themselves to my mind.
I sent to the office of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and got a little memorandum, which I desire
to read here; for I want to suggest that in my
humble judgment the remedy for this is not a
recommitment to any committee. Such has not
been my experience nor my observation in regard
to the effects of these committees to which these
matters are to be committed. As I suggested be-
fore, in 1850 the famous committee did nothing.
What we want is to vote upon something, and
the longer wc delay voting the more propositions
we shall have. To find out what we have been
about, one of the accommodating gentlemen we
have in our Secretary's office handed me this
memorandum. The confiscation hill introduced by
the honorable Senator from Illinois was reported
on the 15th of January, 186*2. From that time
until the 1st day of May, instant, there have been
twenty speeches, which, with the running de-
bates, make one hundred and seventy-three col-
umns of the Daily Globe. The bill has been con-
sidered in ail twenty-five days, up to the 1st of
May, instant. If we go on as we have, we shall
probably have one hundred and seventy-three
more columns, and I think this reference (o a com-
mittee will add one hundred more to it. When-
ever the Senate make up their minds to vote, I
think we can \ot<>; but the longer we delay, the
more confused our counsels will be; the more prop-
ositions we entertain, the further we shall be from
a conclusion. It is impossible that we can all
think alike. We cannot; and not constituting one
of the leaders or distinguished members, I have
concluded to give up myjudgment m a great do-
oree to those whom the wisdom of the Senate have
placed on the committees to whom these matters
are submitted. I would not vote in palpable con-
tradiction to my convictions, but I do not intend
to throw any opinions that I may entertain ad-
verse to the measure in the way of it. I do not
think we shall make any progress by this course.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I think if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire had spent the time in studying the.various
propositions thathavebeen made instead of hunt-
ing up the files to sec who has made speeches,
and how many have been made, and how many
columns of the Globe are filled with those speeches,
and how many days we have consumed, he would
not have so readily pronounced this amendment
unconstitutional. I must confess I do not see any
very great statesmanship or wisdom in the sug-
gestions that have been made by the Senator from
New Hampshire in regard to this occupancy of
time. Here are propositions, as the Senator from
Wisconsin said the other day, of grave import-
ance—questions never surpassed in magnitude by
any that any Congress in the history of the coun-
try had to consider. We are in extraordinary
times. It is to be supposed that members of this
body would take occasion to make propositions
when we undertake to perfect the bill in open Sen-
ate, and that they would make remarks upon
them. That this should consume days of our
time, can surprise no one. That it may consume
other days, we must expect. If we pass a bill of
this character, such as 1 think we ought to pass,
the days wc spend in maturing and considering
such a bill will be fitly spent, and will be for the
credit of Congress and the interests of the coun-
try.
'Sir, I am not a lawyer. I neverlike to discuss
law points, or to illustrate constitutional provis-
ions. In the presence of Senators about me, I
feel that it does not become one who is not a law-
yei, and an able lawyer, to undertake to instruct
those who are eminent as constitutional lawyers
in regard to constitutional provisions. 1 have my
opinions, and I make up my judgment. I listen
to Senators, able lawyeis, too, and on nearly all
the legal and constitutional questions that conic
up here we find the most eminent men in this body
disagreeing. Why, sir, it will be remembered
that a few weeks ago^ve had a bill proposing to
make the Treasury notes of the Government a
legal tender, and we had the most eminent law-
yers in this body taking different sides upon the
question of constitutional authority. I could only,
as an humble member, exercise my judgment as
to the power. As to the expediency, I had my
opinions. I had no more doubt than 1 have to-
day, aftn the working of the system, that it was
the port of wisdom to make those notes a legal
tender—none whatever.
Now, we have before us another question, far
greater in its scope, and here we have the most
eminent legal gentlemen of the Senate differing.
The chai rm«m of the Committee on the Judiciary,
acknowledged by us all to be a good lawyer, leads
for one of these nieasuies. The Senator from
Vermont, to whom we all pay so much deference,
and justly too, leads in another of these proposi-
tions. Other Senators, eminent men, have dif-
fered. Now, sir, rxeicising my judgment, I vote
for these confiscation bills because J believe, in
view of all the considerations, that we have the
power.
As a matter of policy, of right, I have my own
opinions, and I do not choose to sit at any Sen-
ator's feet. For twenty-six years I have read
everything that is worth leading, in my judgment,
on all sides of the questions connected with human
slavery in America. I have listened, in Congress
and out of Congress, to the most eminent minds
of our country on that question. I have endeav-
ored to learn from every quarter where anything
could be learned on the transcendant questions
involved m the issues of slavery. That slavery
is the sole cause of this rebellion: that it made
Calhoun, in his day, its leader, its philosopher,
its teacher; that it governed that class of public
men who have instructed the southern mind and
" fired the southern heart;" that it prepared that
people, by years of teaching, so that it is in their
blood, their bones, their very marrow, I entertain
no more doubt than I entertain a doubt that I am
a member of the Senate of the United States. * at
slavery is disloyal to the country; that U is dis-
loyal to everything connected with the Orovern-
ment of the United States and the institutions of
the Republic, I entertain no doubt. I£very fibel*
of the being of the Republic is against slayeiy,
was made to be against it, and is against' it, and
ever will be against it. Slavery knows it? iscort-
scious of it, and siavery~hates the institutions
of the country and tins Government, and all thte ,
legitimate and proper influences of democratic
institutions more than anything on earth-hates re-
publican institutions. There is not to-day on the
continent of Europe an institution, a party, a sect
that hates republican government ana democratic
institutions with the thousandth part.of the in-
tense bitterness that slavery hates them. Between
slavery and the masses of our people, nurtured
and trained in Christian democracy, there is and
must always be an antagonism.
Sir, slavery has made this rebellion, and alone
is responsible for it; and yet such has been the
overshadowing power of slavery, so omnipotent
h as it been in these Halls, and over this Govern-
ment, that when wc, who are the children of dem-
ocratic institutions, who have in our blood, in oar
being, in our very souls, love of liberty and hatred
of oppression, are called upon to act, when our
brethren have been foully murdered, and wives
and children and fathers are bowed in agony of
soul all over the country, when the existence of
this nation is threatened by this system of slavery;
when we, under all these circumstances, are called
upon to deal with it, such is its lingering power
over even us that we can take rebel lives, take
rebel property, take anything and everything, but
are reluctant to touch slavery, the cause of all.
I said the other day, and 1 repeat it, I think we
can get some property out of these rebels; but I
do not expect to get a great amount of that prop-
erty. I am willing to confine it to classes. 1 am
willing to take possession of that property, and
hold it until we bring those classes to trial and
judgment; and therefore I ihink the power pro-
posed in tins bill will enable the President to seize
a considerable amount of property which we can
hold forthf benefit of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, at any rate, for many years. I believe
we can punish the rebels more effectually, we can
suppress this rebellion more surely, and we shall
take theamplest security for the future peace and
repose of the country by freeing the slaves of
every rebel on this continent. I would be willing
to do it at once; but I am willing to give them a
few days'notice. I am willing to give them thirty
days' notice, and to say to the men who shall be
in rebellion against the Government, thirty days
after the passage of the act, we give you fair no-
tice, that, in addition to the other punishments
now provided by law, or provided in this bill in
regard to your life, your liberty, and your prop-
erty,we will takeaway what has made you rebels
and traitors to your country; we will take from
you the bondmen you hold, and make them free-
men . V
Now, sir, it seems clear to me we have the
power to free the slaves of rebels, and having the
power to do it, I believe it to be our duty to do it.
I heheve if you were to submit that simple prop-
osition to the people of the loyal free States of this
Union to-day, they would vote for it with a shout
that would shake the North American continent.
Put that question to the people of my State, and
you could not poll a thousand votes against it; and
I do not believe there could be found ten thousand
men in New England who would walk over the
graves of their pilgrim and revolutionary ances-
tors to the ballot-boxes to vote that the slaves of
rebels—rebels who are striking at our national life,
and murderingour brave sons who are bearing the
national flag—should not be made free. Put that
question fro the men who are with rifle or musket
fio-h ting the battles of your country in the Eastor
in the West, under their gallant leaders anywhere
and everywhere, and few and rare would be the
votes no-ainst a proposition so plain, so clear to
the comprehension of the head and the heart of a
brave soldier. The men who traverse vast spaces
of country, walking through the mud, drinking
pond and river water, sleeping on the cold, wet
ground, sharing the soldier's haid fare, shot at
when out on picket duty—the men who have seen
their comrades fall, and have laid them down in
their bloody graves—those brave men would give
a vote approaching unanimity in favor of striking
down a powei that plunged this nation into rebel-
lion , summoned them from their own dear homes,
their wives, children, fathers, mothers, brothers
