1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
and sisters, neighbors and friends, and took them
4way to bloody fieldsof strife,sorrow, and death,
£?ir, if the Congress of the United States shall
fail to free the slaves of rebel masters, the men
who are endeavoring to destroy the national life,
I believe Congress will fail to do the duties of the
hour, the duties that the nation and God require
at their hands. I feei deeply upon this question.
The conviction is upon me that this is the path of
duty to my country, and that the future peace of
the nation requires that this slave interest shall be
broken down; and now is the opportunity—an
opportunity that only comes to nations once in
ages. It comes to us how. Let us hail and im-
prove it.
I hoard Senators, and among them the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] with whom I generally
concur in sentiment, feeling, and opinion, say the
other day that slavery was broken down by this
rebellion. My hopes are that its powerisbroken.
1 believe much of its power is broken, to return
no more forever. But, sir, 1 warn the Senator
from Ohio, I warn other Senators, not to under-
rate the tenacity and power of slavery in this
country. A^power that could instruct seven or
eight millions of our countrymen, men whose an-
cestors won with ours the independence of the
country, who laid the foundations of a republican
Government, who have controlled this nation for
three generations, a power that could make them
hate our people, their brethren, hate the demo-
cratic institutions of our country, hate our Gov-
ernment, and plunge into a bloody revolution to
destroy the life of the nation—I say, a power like
that is not to be underrated or trifled with. Why,
sir, see the power of slavery even in the capital
to-day, cvpn in these Halls, in the portions of the
country near and around us. See the power of
slavery in Louisville,and in portions nfKentucky,
asdescribed by mycolloaguetheotherday. Sec us
power over many officers of the old Army, some
of whom seem to be more anxious to catch ne-
groes than to catch rebels. Do not underrate that
power that even now controls the action of mil-
lions of our countrymen.
Sir, slavery cheated Washington and Jeffer-
son, and the gieat men who founded our Gov- '
crnment. They believed if to be a temporary
perishing system that was to pass away under
Cinisdan and democratic influences. The nation
thought so; hut not so thought South Carolina
and Georgia in 1789. South Carolinahasextonded
her opinions of 1769, her sentiments, and feelings
in favor of slavery over nearly all the slave States
of this Union. JeilW-son looked forth hopefully
to the time when the young men of Virginia and
Mai yland would be advocating the cause of eman-
cipation in ihose States, and to-day we see the
young men of Virginia in ai ma over the graves of
Washington, Jederson, Madison, Ilenry, Mason,
and the old revolutionai y patriots of the Ancient
Dominion, fighting to destroy the institutions they
founded, to destroy the Government they made,
and the nation they brought into being.
Sir, I believe that if the Congress of the United
States fails now to do its duty, and its whole duty,
we shall see even in these Chambers some of the
leadersof this rebellion come back here, and shake
their bloody hands in our faces defiantly. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] shakes his !
head. I hope the Senator discerns the future I
clearly; but I am not sure, if we leave this gigan-
tic power untouched, that we may not have again
in the national councils that race of bold, arro-
gant, domineering, disloyal men who believe sla-
very to be a positive good, to be upheld, supported,
and extended, and who wish to see its power, in
the future as in the past, sway the councils of
thiscouutry. 1 expert to see them here again, and
to witness their seductive aits and their domineet -
jug spnit. Our fleet lode up the Mississippi the
ot her day, and lying before New Orleans, its com-
mander received fiom the mayor of that city a
specimen of his feelings, and the feelings of this
slaveholding class of men. They bow in submis-
sion to power; but they meet us with scorn and
defiance, llatied, scorn, and defiance reign to-
day all over the land of secession. When our
armies defeat their armies, as we have done, and
as I behuve we shall do on all fields hereafter we
do not change the hearts that hate us, hate our
Government, hate our institutions, hate ourfld*-.
There is nothing on earth but slavery that has
made those men, ay, and those women, too,
rebels against the country in sentiment and in
feeling; and so long as slavery lives as a power
to be upheld and supported as the corner-stone of
republican institutions, just so long will those
hearts be disloyal to the country. There may be
here and there a few men who believe slavery to
be right, to be good, to be sustained and upheld,
who may have a loyal heart; but they are like
angels visits, few and far between. I cannot see
how a man can love slavery and wish to uphold
and perpetuate it, as a system blest of man and
of God, and be loyal to the Government, which,
in every fiber of its being, is against slavery.
The democractic institutions of the Republic are
against slavery; for they are founded upon the
great cardinal idea that all men have an inaliena-
ble right to freedom.
The Senator from New Hampshire has moved
to commit these bills to a special committee. Sir,
we have undertaken to perfect these bills in open
Senate. That has been our policy; and it is pos-
sible that we can do so. I was of opinion—al-
though I chose to follow the lead of the Senator
from Illinois, who has the care of this measure,
and to consult his wishes—that the commitment
of these propositions to a special committee, a
majority of whom should be friendly to some le-
gislation for confiscating the property and freeing
the slaves of traitors, would hasten the passage
of a bill. That has been myjudgment; and I
think if we had so acted three weeks ago we would
have had a bill through the Senate by this time.
I may err in judgment; but that is my opinion. I
gave up my own judgment to other Senators who
have had the care of the measure. I am willing
tp continue on to perfect the bill in the Senate, or
I am willing to vote for what seems to me to be
the wise motion made by the Senator from New
Hampshire. If wo can have a committee friendly
to action, and who will act promptly in regard to
the subject,'I think it can bring m a bill in forty-
eight hours that will receive the sanction of the
Senate, of Congress, and of the country.
Mr. HALE. When I made the few remarks
I did make, which were very short, and I have
refrained very much from talking on this subject
in the twenty-five days it has been up, I had no
idea of provoking such a response from my friend
from Massachusetts. He almost seems to put mc
in the condition of having been one of the sup-
porters of slavery.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. MALE. I know the Senator would not be
so unjust as that; but his zeal sometimes hurries
on his eloquence in a manner of which he is little
aware. The Senator need not argue with me about
the moral evils of slavery. lie need not argue to
mc about the power of slavery. I have felt it more
than he has. The time was when the slave power
sent missives from the city of Washington direct-
ing, the Democratic State committee to call to-
gether a convention and reconsider its action in
nominating me for Congress; and the Democracy
bowed its head,adopted resolutions thatweresent
from this city, excommunicated mc from the
D emocratic party, called a new State convention,
and nominated another man in my place. The
leading Democratic paper of my State published
a l.uge handbill soon after that took place with a
large crowing roostei, and announcing in his jubi-
lant proclamation that they had buried mc so deep
the resurrection would never find mc. That be-
ing my experience, I do not need a lecture on the
power of slavery. I can say as it is said a servant
once replied to his master. The master found out
sometime after, that somebody had flogged the
servant against his wishes, and he said to him,
1 do not know anything about that." " Well,"
said the servant, " I knew all about it at the time."
[Laughter.] So did I about this power of sla-
very, and long ago I felt it.
The honorable Senator fiom Massachusetts
says that slavery cheated Washington and cheated
Jefferson. Not half so bad as it will cheat himif
in his crusade to kill it, he tramples upon the Con-
stitution of his country in his march. lam will-
ing to go as far as anybody within the limits of
the Constitution to cripple slavery, and I think
the Government ought to make use of that as a
physical agency in suppressing the rebellion when
it is brought in contact against it. All that I sug-
gested to the Senator was that I did not think the
machinery he had prescribed in this sixth section
was precisely the mode and manner of doing the
thing, because it does not look like a war meas-
ure, and it does not look like availing ourselves
of the physical assistance of that body of men,
but it is simply in the form of a judicial trial for
crime, and pronounces as a punishment for crime
the liberation of the slaves. Nor need the Sena-
tor have made the slightest apology when became
to express his views on the Constitution, for not
having studied law a great while. He ought to
thank himself for it. if he had studied law so
much as some of us, he might have been left to
utter some of the legal nonsense and judicial
quackery that lawyers frequently pour out upon
the Senate. [Laughter.] 1 have respect, I think,
for almost everything that is respectable; and
among other things, I have great respect for what
the honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
l-amer] says, and I want to read what he says as
a caution to my zealous friend from Massachu-
setts. The Senator from Vermont said the other
day:
" If we are constrained to call up, invoke, and put in ex-
ercisc in any one department of the Government—it is im-
material in what department of the Government—more of
power, more of force than the Constitution provides, or
than is limited by that Constitution, the moment we do that,
or are constrained from our necessities to do it, we ac-
knowledge before the world thatour institutions aie insuf-
ficiently founded, and that we aie, after all, compelled in
the period of trial to report to the lbico which tliey &uy is
neeossaty to the existence of nations, and our experiment
is a failure."
That is what the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont said, and well said, as he says everything
that he does say. Now I would suggest to my
friends around me that if in their crusade against
slavery they are obliged to invoke a power that is
not conferred by the Constitution, if they are com-
pelled to violate its precepts, trample upon its
provisions, disregard its restraints, and disobey its
injunctions, they do tl  t which, in the language
of my learned friend from Vermont, makes our
institutions a failure. I have not read so much
upon this subject as the Senator from Massachu-
setts professes to have read; possibly I have read
more. He says that he has read everything that
is worth reading. I have read a good deal 1 know
that was not worth reading upon this subject;
[laughter;] whether I have read all that was worth
reading or not, I will not say, but will say this:
if there was one single subject upon which the
early anti-slavery men of this country were care-
ful and jealous and guarded in the enunciation of
their principles and the measures which they cal-
culated to follow out, it was that they claimed,
under the Constitution of the United States, no
more power to interfere with slavery in one of the
States of this Union than with serfdom in Russia
or slavery in Turkey, and they have left no mis-
takcnevidence ofwhattheirintentionswere. They
spoke early and continuously and fervently upon
that subject, and I remember that the first time I
ever had the honor of a seat in either branch of
the national Congress, a friend of mine from the
State of North Carolina came to me and asked me
what were the opinions of the anti-slavery men
upon the question of interference with slavery in
the States? and I told him that they repudiated
any such power with one voice, earnestly. He
begged of me to take an early occasion to say so
myself on the floor of the House. I said, no,
never; for however it might satisfy you to hear
me disclaim that power, my own constituents
would look upon me as a fool who was undertak-
ing to deny that which was palpable and apparent
tocverybody who knew anythingaboutthe A BC
of the reformation that the anti-slavery people
were about introducing. They claimed that sla-
very was a mora! evil, and wan to be fought by
moral means. When they found that slavery had
seized upon the Democratic party, and made it an
engine for it to work with, they then attacked the
Democratic party, and they attacked it for its sub-
servience to slavery. The Democratic party were
defeated years ago, in the election of General Tay-
lor; and the Whig party when they came into
power, forgot their faith, their first love, their
fidelity, their consistency, and they bowed down
to worship in the same temple; and when they
did that the anti-slavery men attacked them, they
overthrew the Whig party, and from the ruins
of that overthrow they erected battlements upon
which they have waged new warfare on the Dem-
ocratic party and overthrew them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope Lhe gentleman does
not mean to be understood that that was done
