1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under General Taylor? I trust he docs.not mean
that the Whig: party disregarded their faith and
their obligations while he was in power.
Mr. HALE. I do not say they did it under
anybody; but I rccollect that my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] once issued a sort of warning' which
proved to be something! ike a voice from the tombs,
to the Whig party, telling them that their days
were numbered, their race run, their course fin-
ished, and the cup of retribution at their hps to he
drank up to its dregs. And why was it? Because
of a dereliction of duty on the part of many of
them, of all that constituted it a national party in
reference to these sentiments.
Sir, this new Republican party came into power
upon the destruction of two parties that had been
false on this subject; and now whatever party may
succeed tins Republican party—and God only
knows what it will be—I hope that they may not
write on our tombstones that we split on the rock on
which our predecessors did, and that is in want
of fidelity to our declared principles. If there is
one principle that wc have declared often, early,
and long, it is fidelity to the Constitution, to ha
requirements, and its restrictions. The mourners
go about the streets in all the places that used to
be the high placesof power of those twoold parties,
mourning over their derelictions, and I trust that
will not be left to us. No, sir, let us under the
flag—the old flag, under the Constitution—the old
Constitution, carry on the warfare in which we
are engaged; and if wc fail, we shall not fail be-
cause the Constitution does not give us power
enough, hut because we aie recreant and do not
use the power that it does give us. That is all I
want. I want the Constitution preserved, and I
do not want to achieve even a success that is to
be purchased at the price of honor. I took occa-
sion in an eaily part of this session, upon a reso-
lution that was introduced I think by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] but which was
buried in the Committee on the Judiciary so deep
that we do not even hoar the clods of the valley
reverberate on the coffin thatclosed it—I say when
that resolution was up for consideration, when it
had life, before it was strangled in the house of
its friends and by its friends, I took occasion to
say what I now repeat, though I do not often
make speeches that are worth repeating, that I
wanted constitutional liberty left to us after the
war was over; thai constitutional liberty was the
great boon for which we were striving, and wc
must see to it that in our zeal to pA.it down rebel-
lion wc did not trample on that; and that when
the war was over and our streamers floated in the
air, and shouts of victory and thanksgiving to
God went up from the hearts of a regenerated and
disenthralled people, in that breeze miginstill float
the old flag, and ov^r this regenerated country
might sway an unviolated and a sacred Constitu-
tion, in the faithful maintenance of which in the
hour of our peril and our trial we had not faltered.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, when the mo-
tion for a reference of this subject was before the
Senate a few days ago I voted against it. I did
so upon the ground that if a committee were con-
stituted, as I understood parliamentary usage to
require that it should be, it would be made up
from among the friends of the measure and also
those who were opposed to it, and that thus wc
should have a divided committee and probably
two reports, and the matter would be thrown open
again for a general discussion.
t think now, sir, that the discussion has pro-
ceeded so far, the very diversified views of Sen-
ators have been so generally developed and brought
out, that a committee is necessary. [ do not, like
the Senator from New Hampshire, regret the dis-
cussion that has taken place. I do not think that
the subject has been discussed one hour too long.
It is a great subject; it is a new subject; it is a
subject on which we should act cautiously and
carefully; and this discussion has brought out a
very great variety of views and propositions and
projects. I hope they are all out. If there are
more, I should be glad to have them brought for-
waid. It seems to me that now, having ail these
before the Senate, the best mode of getting at a
profitable result, a wise conclusion, will be to com-
mit all these propositions to a committee of Sen-
ators who aie generally friendly to the measure,
friendly to some act of confiscation, to digest and
present to the Senate a perfect bill. My own judg-
ment is that it would be impossible in such a body
as this, out of these crude elements, to mature a
bill that any of us will be satisfied with; but if a
committee be carefully formed who shall desire
not to promote their own particular theory or
views in relation to it, but to embody the views
of the members of the Senate who urc friendly to
this measure, a committee who will enter upon
their labor with such a disposition and such a
purpose will be able to bring out of the elements
we have before us a bill of which a large ma-
jority of the Senate will approve, and which will
be adopted by a pretty emphatic vote. That is
the thing that I desire. I should be sorry to have
such a measure as this passed by a bare, lean
majoiity. I desire that it should go out to the
country, if it passes at all, with some moral effect,
not merely as a law passed by Congress by a mere
majority vote, but that the great body of the Sen-
ate, if we can get such a bill, will approve of the
measure. I shall vote therefore for the proposition
of the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
to refer this matter to a select committee, in the
hope that a committee will be framed with a view
to the object I have indicated, and that that com-
mittee will enter upon their duties with a.purpose
not to promote their own particular projects, but
to mature out of all the elements before them a
bill such as will be most satisfactory to the Sen-
ate, and that we may be able to reach a wise
conclusion in reference to this most important
question.
Mr. WADE. I did hope, when this motion
was first mode, that it would not prevail, but I see
now that it is to prevail, and I believe we have
come to an end of this subject. The reference of
this matter at this time to a committee 1 look upon
as a renunciation of the principle altogether. Wc
have compared notes in the Senate; almost every
Senator that had any project has brought it for-
ward, and a good many that hud none, have ex-
pressed their opinions upon the whole subject fully.
I regret to be compelled to say that from the prin-
ciples enunciated here, it is most evident that there
is not a majority m the Senate favorable to an ef-
ficient bill of confiscation. The bill reported by
the Judiciary Committee was one that contained
real practical principles of confiscation. Most of
the others add scarcely anything to the efficiency
of the law punishing treason at present, and when
you go into the seceded States, it is perfectly evi-
dent that you can bring no rebel to trial iheie. It
is idle and nugatory and vain for us to be here
talking aboutconfiscation, unless we are ready to
adopt some measure other than that of punishing
treason under the Constitution and by the course
of the common law, because the moment you £0
across this river, from heie to the Gulf, you can
convictnobody, as every one knows. Therefore
all who contend for any such mcasuieas that con-
tend for what any one can see is pei fectly idle and
vain. If the Constitution does not permit us to
go a greater length than that, why do we talk
about it? I do not know but that the law punish-
ing treason as it stands now, and has stood for a
great many years, is well enough. I suppose we
can go funher than that. My opinion has been
and is now, but I shall not undertake to reargue
it, that the bill of the Judiciary Committee is a
constitutional bill. It is so in my judgment, but
it is not so m the opinion of a majority of the Sen-
ate, and it is not so for reasons so radical that no
efficient bill can be made upon the principles enun-
ciated here. I think that is perfectly evident. I
regret exceedingly that it is so. The attempt to
pass a confiscation bill has now cost us a great
deal of time and labor. I do not contend that all
that labor is lost. It is something for us to ascer-
tain that we cannot agree upon this great meas-
ure, and the people will understand it from us
with greater regret even than is manifested here.
Sir, the recommittal of this bill after it has been
for four months under our consideration, and at
a period which I hope is towards the end of this
session, will be a proclamation to the people that
will fill them with more despondency for your Gov-
ernment than the loss of half a dozen battles, and
it will be viewed with as much regret by all the
loyal people in the seceded States as by those in the
northern States. I have letters every day from
the South, from loyal men of the South, praying
us and praying Heaven that we do something to
punish their neighbors who are robbing them. It
seems, however, that we can do nothing. Here
we are, every man with a bill of his own, differing
slightly from the one reported by the Judiciary
Committee, and yet differing so far that there can
be no yielding on the subject; each one must have
his or nothing, and several propose measures, and
enunciate constitutional doctrines, that show they
cannot conscientiously go any further.
I say, then, sir, I have no hope of this measure
when it goes to this committee, and I see that it
is a foregone conclusion. The question of recom-
mittal was tried the other day; it was made a test
question then, and every man who was in favor
of an efficient confiscation bill voted against the
motion, and we defeated it by a small majority.
Now, new light is shed on the subject. Many of
the warm friends of this bill now wish to get
anotherbill,andforwhat? To emasculate it. The
bill of the Judiciary Committee which is under
consideration goes none too far, if you intend to
do anything. It proposes to take the property of
the great leaders .of this rebellion, and of nobody
else. I liked the bill much better before it was
amended than I do now. It was said to be alto-
gether too sweeping. Sir, the people whose estates
are mortgaged to make a defense against these
traitors will not think it is too sweeping; the peo-
ple who have to hazard their lives, their fortunes,
and their honor in the field, and those who stay
at home, and who are impoverished by providing
for the country's defense, will not think that the
bill of the Senator from Illinois goes too far in tak-
ing the property of those who have compelled us
to this, in order to indemnify the northern peo-
ple somewhat for the exertions they have been
compelled to make against these murderous trai-
tors.
But, sir, it cannot be done here. With some
gentlemen the Constitution of the United States
is a stumbling-block, and some seem to feel very
tender in regard to these persons. For myself, I
want it understood, I want it to go to the people,
that I am of the opinion that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States justice can be done both
to the rebel and the loyal' man. I believe we have
the power; and I am anxious to take tlvv property
of every man who has sought to murder my con-
stituents* who has compelled them to go forth to
battle and to mortgage their estates, or to lose their
liberties or their lives. 1 want u to be undei stood
by my constituents that I am one of those who
have stood here urging upon the Senate a nirus-
uretbat would indemnify them, so far as it can be
done, by taking every scintilla of property be-
longing to an accursed murderous rebel, and dis-
posing of it to indemnify the people who have had
to defend themselves. I hope it will be understood
that I stand fur this bill, and 1 do not want to emas-
culate it; 1 do not want to send it to a committee,
for when it comes back it will come back a mere
milk-and-water concern, just such as we passed
at the last session—a thing that was met with
scorn by the people, a laughing-stock, a matter of
derision; so that they threw back in our teeth that
we had shown a disposition to do something, but
dared not manifest the courage to do it. It is a
foregone conclusion that this will be no better. I
do not carc whom you put on the committee, the
bill will come back shorn of its strength and its
usefulness.
1 did not get up to argue this question; I rose
only to say that at this moment when I see a fore-
gone conclusion to iejer this subject to a select
committee, to take all these propositions out of
which to manufacture something new, the great
principle for which we have contended is gone.
The country will so understand it, and you will
find that we shall have no confiscation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Ohio knows well that I always differ from
him with regret; he knows also that I differ from
him very raicly; but I do differ from him to-day.
I shall not follow him in what he has said on the
constitutional question, nor shall I follow the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire in what he has said on
that question. The precise point on which we are
to vote, as I understand it, has been stated by the
Senator from New York. It is, shall the pending
bill and aff the associate propositions and amend-
ments be referred to a select committee, with in-
structions to report forthwith ?
Sir, it seems to me in the present stage of this
discussion the time has arrived for such a motion*
I have from the beginning, in good faith, followed
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in the
support of his bill. I accepted it when it was first
