1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for examination who was a homceopathist, would
be such that, practically, he would be iuled out.
Mr.GRIMES. Thnt would depend on whether
the board of examiners knew that the applicant
was a homceopathist. I know that homceopathists
have been examined and passed on the supposi-
tion tliat they were allopathists.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am told
by gentlemen who are anxious to make a change
in this icspect, that the questions as to the mode
of treatment of certain diseases, if answered as
they would be answered by this school of prac-
titioners, would he fatal to their acceptance.
Mr. COLLAMER. But would those questions
be put if it was not known that the applicants
belonged to that school?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know; but it seems to me they ought to be put.
Mr. NESM1TH. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs one
question on that point. Is there anything now in
the laws or regulations which prohibits a regular
Army surgeon from practicing on the homceo-
pathic system in the Army?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that there is. I think not.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask a question. Is
there not a regular routine of medicines which the
Government furnishes? And docs it furnish any
othei s ?
Mr. NESMITH. The Government furnishes
medicines, it is true; but I believe the difference
between the two systems is the size of the dose;
the homceopathists give less.
Mr. GRIMES. They have different medicines
cntnely.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I take it the
fact is that the old school of practitioners have the
control of the medical board, and they are jealous
of the admission of any medical men of the new
school. That there is quite a diifeience in their
practice is admitted, and I think that practically
the questions would be so put by the examining
board that physicians of tins school would be
ruled out, unless they were very adroit and skill-
ful, and made answeis that perhaps they could
not truthfully make, and adhere to their own
school. 1 think there is no legislation upon the
subject; but if it were desirable to bring in med-
ical men of the new school, as we have been asked
to do this year by a laige number of pctitioneis4
some of them men of great eminence, the difficulty
would be in having these diverse systems of prac-
tice in the Army, ft would lead to great confu-
sion. I think it better to have it all the one or all
the other.
Now, sir, a word in regard to this amendment.
Senators ask if this bill is to be a permanent meas-
ure. I cannot answer that. Several years before
we increased the Army by the addition of twenty-
five thousand men in eleven regiments, we were
asked, with our old Army, to increase the number
of surgeons; and the reason given was that we
were spending thousands of dollars annually in
hiring surgeons and hiring men outside of the
Army to do the work of Army surgeons; we had
too few surgeons. Before we increased the Army
from seventeen thousand to forty-two thousand
men, we were annually asked for an increase of
the Army surgeons. We have now more than
doubled our force, and still we have added but
very few to the medical corps of the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a qui stion ? 1 want to ask him if we have
not added more surgeons to the regular Army m
proportion than we have added men by enlist-
ment ?
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
added a few surgeons, but the ranks of the eleven
regiments are not yet full; i think they will be
filled up m a few months. I have no doubt upon
that point. When the warisovei, we can make
these reductions, just as we shall probably reduce
the Army forcc, if we do not need it. I think
other Congresses will be quite as wise as we are j
in that respect. I am willing to trust the future, i
The Senator from Maine thinks that, under the j
bill as reported, we shall appoint the oldest class ;
of surgeons to these hish positions. Sir, I hope ;
not. 1 hope no man will be appointed as inspector ;
general or assistant inspector geneial who has ever j
seen sixty years of age. I hope that men in the j
matin e vigor of life, men of intellectual and phys- j
ical power, will be selected by the President to i
fill these high and important positions. "We have
so framed this bill that these important positions
are not to be filled by regular promotion, but by
selection by the President from the whole medical
corps. The object is to empower the President to
select from the corps the most efficient and able
men that can be found in the Army.
Now,sir,a word has been said in regard to the
inciease of compensation. It is an increase, but
a small one after all, and I believe that, had this
increase been made six months ago,it would have
sa\ed tens of thousands of dollars to the Govern-
ment of the United States, if, at the last called
session of Congress, we had incorporated into our
laws that provision, although it would have been
a small increase of expense on the face of it, it
would have saved tins Government tens of thou-
sands of dollars, 1 have not the shadow of a doubt.
Mr. SHERMAN. How?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will tell
Senatois in what way. You would then have hud
nine gentlemen selected for capacity and charac-
ter, who would have been empowered to make a
thorough organization of all your hospitals at sta-
tions and in the field, to bring all that scienceand
experience could have*brought to superintend,
direct, and contiol all the hospitals of this coun-
try in the camp and field and everywhere; and if
these men were good men, if they were efficient
men,each one of them could have saved the health
of the soldiers, and could have saved in the ex-
penditures in our hospitals by good organization
and good management tens of thousands of dollars
annually. The object of this very provision is to
secure that efficiency m the administration of the
hospitals of the country that shall save health and
save money too.
Mr. FESSENDEN. tshould like to know what
diif- rence it makes m that particular, whether you
call a man a general or a colonel.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
allthc difference in the world. If a man gues into
a hospital, who, by his rank, can command every
man there, if he has an oigamzing mind, lfho has
absolute control, he is somebody, and can man-
age affairs. Now, prrhnps, a surgeon is sent to
one of these hospitals, and there is another sur-
geon there who outranks him, an old surgeon,
twenty years older than he is, who thinks he
knows quite as much as this officer, though he
may know far less. When he gets there, can he
give a command; can he control him? In no way,
whatever. Therefore, we propose to ijfive these
inspectors the rank of a lieutenant colonel, which
gives tluyn the power to rank everybody in the
medical corps, excepting, of course, the Surgeon
General of the Army, the assistant surgeon gen-
eial, and the inspector general, who has control
over them. Thatisthereason why you give them
that rank.
Now, a single word in regard to the various
pioposttions that have been befoie tins committee
and before Congress for the last tew weeks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my friend leaves that
point, I wish to ask him a question. These new
officers are inspectors, and by the very terms of
the law they have no command whatever over the
hospitals, no control, no direction; they simply
inspect and report to their superior. Now, could
they not do i^witliout just as well as with the
rank of lieutenant colonel?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. That I do not understand.
Air. WiLSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator says they have no command. They do have
authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill expressly provides
that these medical inspectors 44 shall be charged
with the duty of inspecting the sanitary condition
of transports, quarters, and camps, of field and
general hospitals," and that they '• shall report to
the medical inspector general, under such regu-
lations as may be hereafter established, all cir-
cumstances lelating to the sanitary condition and
wants oftroopsand of hospitals, and to the skill,
efficiency, and good conduct of the officers and
attendants connectcd with the medical depart-
ment." These are their prescribed duties, and !
they have no other. !
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. That is very !
true; but they do outrank everybody there, and j
they can inspect and gi\e directions. Even now, [
if yon send to an hospital a suigeon with the rank j
of major, and there is there an assistant surgeon
with the rank of captain, your surgeon outranks
him, and of course direc's and controls. Thecon-
trolhng mind should outrank the other.
This bill has provisions in it that have encoun-
tered the opposition of gentlemen in the medical
corps of the Army. Most of them are opposed to
the doctrine of selection. They wain these grades,
they want the positions; but they want to obtain "
these grades and these positions, not by selection
on the ground of merit, but by regulai^romotion
on the ground of seniority.
I will state another reason why the selection of
these officers is confined to the medical corps of the
Army. Wc have had a sanitary commission, con-
sisting of gentlemen of talent, of varied experi-
ence, of character, and I believe they have done an
amount of good during the last few months that
cannot be measured by words. All the gentlemen
connected with that board, men who have trav-"
crsed our camps, who have visited our hospitals,
who have expended and administered tens of thou-
sands of dollars for the comfort of our sick and
dyirtg soldiers, are in favor of this proposition;
they are in favor of confining the selection to the
medical corps of the Army, for the reason that they
do not want it to be supposed that they desire
these places for themsehes or their friends.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that the only reason?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. So far as
they are concerned, I do not know but that it may
be the only reason. These gentlemen were de-
siious of putting themselves above suspicion;
They did not wish to open any warfare on the
medical corps of the Army. They wished sim-
ply to have theseimportantofficesfilled, toappoint
the officers by selection, to have the fittest men in
the country selected. They did not wish to have
the matter so left that it could be supposed they
had any personal ends to servo. In this mat-
ter, I think they acted as they have acted dur-
ing this war, like gentlemen of intelligence and of
patriotism.
1 think myself Senators had better keep this bill
as it came from the committee. If, however, the
Senate determines otherwise, I shall submit, and
support the bill in all other respects, because I
believe its passage will be productive of greatgood
to the service; and instead of increasing the ex-
penses of the Government of the United States, if
the President makes good selections—and I have
no doubt he will be disposed to select the best
men he can—the passage of this bill will save thou-
sands of dollars to the Treasuiy of the United
States; it will be to the comfort of our sick sol-
diers; and I have no doubt it will save many
lives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa to the amend-
ment of the Military Committee; and on this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being talon by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAtf—Anthony, Chandler, Claik, CoHamer,
Cowan, Davi*, D'xon, Doolitfle, Pessenden, Foot, Foster,
Gnmes, Ilalo, U.nlan, Howard, IIowp, Johnson, I'omeroy,
Hheuimiu Simmons, JSumoer, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Witlcy, and VV'ihnot—36.
NAYtf—Mes-if. Broivnin?, Harris King, Lane of Indi-
ana, Latham, McDnua;aM, NVymith, Peaice, Powell, ttice,
Sauhbury, Siaik, Ten Eyck, Thotnst n, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wilson of Mir^our.—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. As the Senate have now opened
the door so as to include the medical officers of the
volunteer service as well as the officers of the med-
cal corps of the Army, I want to extend it fur-
ther; and I move to strike out from section four
all after the word " selection." The words I pro-
pose to strike out are, "from the medical corps
of the Army or the volunteer medical corps in the
service of the United States, without regard to
their rank when so selectedso as to give the
President an opportunity to find the best doctors
he can without confining him to two particular
corps. On the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] I propose, in lieu of the
words to be stricken out, to insert the words " at
large."
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case, if the ap-
pointment is to be made by selection at large, the
President cannot take anybody outside of the
Army.
Mr. HALE. Then I will modify my amend-
