W8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ment, so as to make the section read, " by selec-
tions from the surgeons of the country at large."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would shutout the
Army and the volunteer surgeons.
Mr. KING. Tins bill has been the subject of
a good deal of discussion and labor in the Mili-
tary Committee. My own earnest wish from the
commencement has been that the range of selec-
tion should be wider than was proposed, and I
would no^.consent to the bill at ajl unless it in-
cluded thcassistant surgeons. There were some
who desired to confinc the appointment of these
highcroflicers to the surgeons, of whom there are
enough; but finally the bill was agreed upon in
the terms in which it has been reported, and I was
disposed to adhere to it.
There lias been a sanitary commission of vol-
unteer suigeons and others who luive rendered
- immense servicc to our Army. They have ex-
pended fifty or sixty thousand dollars of contri-
butions, and have acted entirely independent of
the medical corps of the Army. Among them are
some of the most eminent as well as the best'and
most patriotic men of the country, who have given
their time and their money, and the moneys which
have been collected by subscription, to the pres-
ervation of the health of the Army, and the im-
provement of the sanitary condition of the camps.
Those gentlemen were befoie the committee,and
were consulted about this matter. There were
some of them who would be very suitable persons
to be appointed to ihis service, and I thought that
perhaps some of them would like to be upon it,;
but they themselves came to the conclusion that
it was bettor to leave it to the medical corps of the
Army. My own opinion was, that it was best to
do that; but I have no objection to the amendment
that has been adopted by the Senate, though 1
voted against it, prefei i iug to lotuiu tin* bill as the
committee agreed to it. The proposition now
offered, however, would be a wide departure, and,
in my judgment, would expose the appointments
to solicitation and pressure from all quarters that
is undesirable, and that has made more or less
trouble in the selection of officers for the various
departments. I think it proper to retain the bill
as it is.
Mr. HALE. As some remarks have been
made about my amendment, 1 prefer to withdraw
it, and renesv the one which 1 first offered. I move
now to strike out the words " by selection from
the medical corps of the Army, or from the vol-
unteer medical corps in the service of the United
Stales, without regard to then rank when so se-
lected;" so that the section will road:
That the Silicon General, ;isM*-tant miijcod general, the
medical inspector g<-neiai. and in^heal ii^peetoi^, .shall Ik*
appointed by ih<; PieMtlent, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected
—ayes eight, noes not counted.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to amend this section
by inserting* ofter the amendment that has been
adopted, this proviso:
Provided, That sueh voJunteei medical oflicets shall he
examined and found quahlied bv the medical boaul of (ho
Army.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that if anybody is to be sub-
jected to that kind of examination, all the officers
should be—regulars as well as volunteers. Why
make the distinction ?
Mr. LATHAM. The regular officers are now
examined, and I want the volunteer officers ex-
amined.
Mr. SIMMONS. They arc all examined. If
you want to examine a man's qualification for this
high position, let all be examined oi none.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Every principal sur-
geon and every assistant surgeon in the Army has
already passed a medical examination, and been
reported qualified. Every brigade surgeon in the
volunteer service has also undergone the same ex-
amination, and been reported qualified. The ex-
clusion would only exclude assistant surgeonsm
the volunteer service. They have not passed a
medical examination, and I do not know that it
is desirable they should; but all the others have.
The amendment to the amendment was l ejected.
iV£r* "VVILSON, of Massachusetts. I move, in
the fourteenth line of the fifth section, to strike :
out the word "roqunod," and iuseu the won!
44 theieol;5' fao as to read, " the special lequisniont.
shall consistsimply of a listof the articles required,
the quantities thereof," &c.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the amend-
ments which I indicated this morning. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate, they can be taken together
or separately. I move to strike out the first clause
of section second; and then, in line five of section
two, to strike out the words "colonel of caval-
ry," and insert44 surgeons of ten years' service;"
and in line three of section three, to strike out
" lieutenant colonel of cavalry," and insert " as-
sistant surgeon of ten years* service."
Mr. COLLAMER. What about the provision
giving the Surgeon General the rank and pay of a
brigadier geneial?
Mr. SHERMAN. That I propose to strike
out. The second section provides " that the Sur-
geon General shall have the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a brigadier general." My first amend-
ment is to strike that out, and leave him with his
present pay of $2,740 a year, with the rank of col-
onel. The next clause provides that,
"There shall bo one assistant surgeon general and one
medical inspector geneial of hospital's, eaeh with the rank,
pay, and emoluments oi a colonel of cavahy."
I propose to strike out " colonel of cavalry,"
and insert " surgeon often years' service," which
gives him a pay of $2,700, a little less than the
Surgeon General. The pay of a colonel of cavalry
would give him about $3,414. The third amend-
ment is to strike out the words " lieutenant colo-
nel of cavalry," as the pay of the eight, medical
inspectors, and insert the words " assistant sur-
geons of ten years' service." This would give
the pay of the highest grnde of suigeons of ton
years'service to the inspector general of hospitals,
and the pay of the highest grade of assistant sur-
geons to the new medical inspectors. I think that
is enough.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Choir will
put the question separately on each amend ment, as
theyare difietcnt propositions. The first amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is in the second sec-
tion of the amendment of the committee, to strike
out the words, " the Surgeon General shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadiei gen-
eral."
The amend ment to the amend ment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, is in the fifth
line of the second section to strike out "colonel
of cavalry," and insert " surgeon of ten years'
service;" so as to make the clause read:
There tdiall be one as i.stant t-mgeon general and one
medical inspector general ol hospital-*, each with the lank,
pay, and emolument* ofa siugeon often yoaiV sei vice
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, is in the
third line of the third section of the amendment of
the committee, to strike out the words " lieuten-
anteolonel of cavalry,"and insert<{ assistant sur-
geon of ten years' service;" so as to make the
clause read:
There shall be eight medical inspectors, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments each of an assistant suigeon of ten
yeaih' service.
The amend ment to the amendmen^was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senator from Ohio to explain his lastamendmcnt.
Mr SHERMAN. My last amendment gives
to the eight medical inspectors the pay of assist-
ant surgeons of ten years' service. The amount
of that pay is $174 50 per month, besides their
fuel and quarters.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Whatis the
pay of a surgeon ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The pay of a surgeon of ten
years' standing is $225 a month.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then the
Senator does not propose to give these inspectors
so high a rate of compensation as he would give
to ordinary common surgeons?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not a surgeon of ten years'
standing I do not.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. A very large
portion of the surgeons of the Army are of more
than ten years'standing.
Mr. SHERMAN. These eight medical inspec-
tors are new officers. The pay of a surgeon of
less than ten yeais' standing is a month,
Mr. WILSON, ot Ma^-Jiusuta. Umi'Mb-
Senator's amendment the President cannot select
as one of these inspectors a surgeon who has the
rank of major, and who has been fifteen years in
the service, although he maybe the most eminent
man in the country, and may be nearly at the
head of his corps, without reducing his compen-
sation.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senate that
there are but thirteen surgeons in the whole regu-
lar Army that are of ten years' standing—Dr. Sat-
terthwaite, and some gentlemen who are pretty
well advanced in life.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under this amendment, the
amount of compensation would be about §2,100,
besides which they will get an allowance for fuel
and quarters, and mileage for traveling expenses.
With the present rate of mileage, I have no doubt,
the medical inspectors will be better paid than
surgeons of the highest grade. I think it had
better stand as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment to offer;
to insert as a new section:
Jlad he it further cnactcd, That the provisions of this act
shall continue and be in force during the existence of the
present icbellion, and no longer.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire whether the effect
of the amendment of the Senator from Ohio would
not be, as the Surgeon General is created anew by
this bill, that he will go out and we have none at
all?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Surgeon General is not
created anew by the bill. That clause is left out.
Pie is to bo left to stand on the present laws, or ho
may be reappointed again under this law.
Mr. RICE. 1 have no amendment to offer; I
merely wish to call the attention of several gen-
tlemen who know so much about military mat-
ters here, to the bill as it is now amended. The
President can now appoint any person he may
please to the offices cieated by this bill. He may
take my friend from Iowa and give him an ap-
pointment. No provision whatever is made for
his going before a board to be examined. The
Senator from New Hampshire wanted it to be
"at large;" I think it includes the entire world;
evi^ybody of all colors and ages.
Mr. GRIMES. It is only a few days ago since
flie Senator from Minnesota put me down in the
Senate, and overcame some opposition I had to
some proposition by saying that he had the utmost
confidence in the President.
Mr. 11ICE. I have.
Mr. GRIMES. So have I; and I am satisfied
that he will appoint surgeons.
Mr. RICE. But 1 have not confidence in all
his advisers.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know but that I would
agree with the Senator in that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Min-
nesota is mistaken, because the President must
make these appointments from the surgeons of the
Army or volunteers, as the bill now stands.
Mr. RICE. Did not the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire prevail?
Mr. FESSENDEN, No; it was defeated.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whofe were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. NESMITH. On the passage of the bill I
call for the yeas and nays. [" Oh, no!"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment. I wish to get a
bill up merely to have it before the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to take up Senate
bill No. 151, to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels, with a view to have it before
the Senate to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I give notice that to-mor-
row, at one o'clock, I shall want to lake up an
appropriation LiH.
The motion of Mr. Tjiumbull was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMiiULL. Will thi* bill come up to-
