2.918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
gross is to draw its power to do the act which lie
proposes ? "Why refer us to the confiscation bills of
colonial Legislatures, passed during the struggle
with the mother country? They were restrained
by no such provisions as uro contained in our
Constitution, but gave unbridled license to their
exasperated and revengeful passions. The wrong
and injustice of these colonial acts of confiscation,
and experience of the evils that grew out of them,
unquestionably led to the adoption of the clause
of the Constitution prohibiting a like power to
Congress. So far from the long array of colonial
acts, with which the Senate lias been presented,
being authority to justify Congress in similar le-
gislation, they are, on the contrary,authority di-
rectly against it. While these acts were yet upon
the statute-hooks, and their effects present and
palpable all over the country, the very men who
were actors in the exciting events out of which
they grew, fearing that a time might come when
the Congress of the nation, blinded by passion,
might venture to follow the bad and dangerous
precedents of (he colonial Legislatures, took the
most effective measutes to guard against it by in-
serting positive prohibitions in the Constitution
of the Union.
Still less support is derived from the practice of
the English Government. What the British Par-
liament may have done heretofore affords no safe
analogy for the interpretation of the Constitution
ofthe United States. The constitutions of the two
countries are widely and essentially different. I
institute no comparison of merit between them.
Tiie British constitution is unquestionably a mag-
nificent work, pei haps the host that could be de-
vised for the government of the IJritish people.
But it is not oar Constitution, it is not a written
constitution. " What Parliament declares to be
(he constitution of England is the constitution of
England." Parliament may pass bills of attainder,
outlawry,and confiscation, andexecute them,and
no question of power can be made, for it is om-
nipotent, and its will the supreme law of the land.
Tluyionstitution of England is subordinate to
the will of Parliament. The Congress of the
United States is subordinate to the Constitution.
It is hedged in with restraints which it cannot break
over or trample upon without most serious injury
to the structure of the Government, and great
danger of sapping its foundations.
i therefoie put aside, as inapplicable to our con-
dition,all the examples from ancientand modern
history. They neither prove nor illustrate any
point m this debute. If we have the power to pass
the bill before us we derive that power from the
Constitution, and from no other source. The
practice of other nations, and of the colonies
prior to the adoption of the Constitution, can
give us no aid. The Constitution, and the practice
of our own Government under if, and the expo-
sitions of it by the judicial tribunals and by the
great men who made it, who had studied it, and
understood it, and comprehended the grandeur
and harmony of all its principles, should alone
be consulted, alone accepted as authority.
The Senator was right when he said," m every
Government bound by a written constitution,
nothing can be done which is not in conformity
with the constitution." After this announcement
we had a right to expect an argument which would
uncover and "exhibit dearly" the sources of
power in the Constitution itself, instead of a
(earned and interesting disquisition upon the his-
tory of confiscations in other countries, and a de-
duction of authority from that. I know he. claims
the power under the Constitution, and cites the
provisions from which lie derives it; but it is only
necessary to analyze his argument, indeed only
necessary to call attention to it, to expose its in-
firmity and to show how far he has permitted his
wishes to mislead his judgment.
After stating that " the Constitution has not
been silent on this question," he recites the par-
ticular provisions which, in his opinion, contain
the grant of power to Congress to do all which
the bill before us proposes, lie says the Consti-
tution " has expressly provided that Congress
shall have power, first, { to declare war.'"
This is undeniably true, and the question arises
spontaneously to the lips, is this a bill to declare
war? If so, the Senator is right in claiming for
^Congress the authority to pass it. If it is not,
then«he gets no support fiom this provision of the
Constitution. He might as well dcduce from it
the power to charter a national bank as the power
to fiee slaves and confiscate property.
Secondly, "to grant letteis of marque and re-
prisal."
The question again comes, is this a. bill to "grant
letters of marque and reprisal?" If not, why
quote the clause? for, by virtue of it and from it
Congress gets no shadow of authority to do any
other act whatever.
Thirdly, " to make rules of captures on land
and water."
The Senator has, no doubt inadvertently,mis-
quoted the clause. As it stands in the Constitu-
tion it is to " make rules concerning captures on
land and water." But the bill neither makes rules
of captures, nor concerning captures, and does not
relate, in the remotest degree, to captures, either
on land or water, and it cannot, therefore, lean
upon this clause for support, whether we give it
the one reading or the other.
Fourthly, " to raise and support armies."
Fifthly, " to provide and maintain a navy."
Will any Senator have the temerity to attempt
to point out in what way this bill tends to raise
and support an army, or to provide and maintain
a navy? Would it, not be a mockery of the Sen-
ate to ask it to listen to an argument intended for
such a purpose ?
Sixthly," to make rules for the govern ment and
regulation ofthe land and naval forces."
There is not one word in the bill that was put
there with any expectation of its having the slight-
est effect on the government and regulation of either
the land or naval forces.
Seventhly, " to provide for calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions."
There is no invasion to repel, and provision has
long since been made and carried into effect for
calling forth the militia to suppress the insurrec-
tion. No one has yet had the hardihood to assert
that this bill is intended for any such purpose. If
it is, it would be difficult to imagine one less likely
to accomplish the end.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator?
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator to
say that the bill under discussion, which is the
House bill, was not founded on the provision of
the Constitution concerning captures; that, in
short, it did not in any way relate to captures.
Now, I have in my hand that bill, and will read
the introductory clause. It is as follows:
That all tin; e.-tate and propm ty, money, stocks, credits
ami effects of the persons heieafter nami'd in tins «eetion
aie hereby foit'eitod to the Government of the United States,
and ine d -elared lawful subject* ot seizure and of prize
and eaptuie w hercver found, tor the indemnify of tin* Uni-
ted States against the. evpenses of suppressing the present
rebellion.
The bill, therefore, is derived directly, specific-
ally, unequivocally, in just so many words, out
of the positive language of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I am le-
plying to the Senator's speech on the basis on
which he made it. I am not willing that he shall
shift his ground now. At the time he made his
speech and gave utterance to the language that T
have quoted, the bill from which he now reads
had never made its appearance in this body.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him again ?
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I had already offered that bill
myself. It was on the table of the Senate as my
bill, to be voted on at the proper time as an amend-
ment to the Senate bill; and I now read from my
own bill which has since been adopted in the other
House.
Mr. BROWNING. The bill was not before
the Senate at the time the discussion was going
on. It may have been on the table.
Mr, SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me.
When I rose to make my speech, this bill, in the
form of an amendment or substitute, had been
already offered by me. It was on the table; and
notice was given that at the proper time, when it
would bo in order, it would be pressed to a vote;
and my speech was made to support that bill.
Therefore the Senator is entirely mistaken—I
know he does notintend to do me injustice—when
he says }hat I change my ground. Sir, I have no
disposition to do that. I wish to meet this ques-
tion frankly under the Constitution of the United
States. I know the strength of the position which
I occupy, and I know it is only by misunderstand-
ing it that it can be answered.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I will en-
deavor not to misunderstand, and am very suie 1
will not willingly misrepresent the Senator. I de-
sire to understand him distinctly. I am very sure
I will not misrepresent him.
Mr. SUMNER. I know that you will not.
Mr. BROWNING. It may be true, as he says
—it matters not to me, so far as this discussion is
concerned, whether it is or not—that the bill from
which ho now reads had been presented. Con-
ceding it to be so, I think there is no fair-minded
lawyer who will take the pains to examine the
constitutional provisions, who is familiar with the
law of nations, and who will compare them with
this bill, who will not at once concede that the
bill, if it does in terms relate to captures, does so
in terms only for the purpose of evading a plain
constitutional provision; that it does not come at
all within the spirit or the letter or the intention
of the Constitution.
These, I believe, are the only specific grants of
power upon which the Senator relies; these are
the only sources from which he draws to justify
the bill. What conceivable measure can passion
or caprice suggest, that would not find as much
support in the provisions referred to as a bill to
free slaves and to confiscate property? And if this
is the best showing of authority that learning,
talent, and ingenuity can make fiom the Consti-
tution, may we not safely conclude that none
whatever is to be found within its lids?
A very important part of the Senator's speech,
and which appears to me to be among the most
heterodox, and dangerous, and indefensible doc-
trines he puts forward, are ranged under the in-
quiry, " what are the rights against enemies
which Congress may exercise in war?" To this
inquiry the Constitution gives a very explicit an-
swer. They have all already been enumerated.
Congress may "declaie war, grant letters of
marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land and water." it may " raise
and support armies;" " provide and maintain a
navy;" " make rules for the government and reg-
ulation of the land and naval forces;" " provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of
the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel in-
vasions;" and " provide for organizing, arming,
and disciplining the militia, and for governing
such part of them as may be employed in the ser-
vice of the United States." There is the answer,
and there is the whole of it. These enumerations,
extracted from the Constitution, declare all the
powers" which Congress may exeicise in war;"
and these it may exercise justas well in peace as
in war. Congress has no powers which aie pe-
culiar to a state of war—none which are " dor-
mant in peace and aroused into activity only by the
breath of war." Yet this I understand to be the
view which the Senator takes of the Constitution,
and of the powers of Congress under it. I un-
derstand him to contend that Congress may ex-
ercise powers to-day, because war exists, which
it cannot assert to-morrow if peace ensues, andn
is from this assumption of a shifting power that
he deduces authority to Congressto pass the bill
under consideration. I wish to do him no injus-
tice, and therefore quote his own language. "He
says:
"There is not one of the rights of war which Congress
may not invoke. There is not a single weapon in its terri-
ble arsenal which Congiess may not grasp."
And again:
" But when claiming these powers for Congtess, it must
not be fbigotten that thoie is a limitation of June with re-
gaid to their exercise. Whatever is done against the icheW
in our chaiacter as belligerents under the rights of war,
must be done during war, and not after it* close."
That this is true when spoken ofthe Government
I now admit, and always have admitted; but that
it is true when spoken of Congress I utterly deny.
" There is notone of the rights of war which" the
Government " may not invoke." There are many
which Congress dare not touch without becoming
a usurper. And now I desire, in all kindness, and
with all possible respect, to ask the gentleman
whether it is his deliberate judgment as a lawyer
and a Senator, that Congress possesses attributes
and may exercise powers in the exigency of war
which it does not possess, and may not exercise
when peace and tranquillity overspread the land?
