1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
morrow of course, or must I make it the special
order for one o'clock to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it will come up at that hour as un-
finished business. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 27,1862.
The House met at twelve .o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the report of
the Committee of Elections in the case of Hon.
Charles H. Upton, upon which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Delano] was entitled
to the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following; message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate arul House of Representatives: /
In transmitting to Congress the accompanying copy of
two letters, bearing date the 14th of February, 1861, fiom
his Majesty the Major King of Siam to the Picsident of the
United States, and of the Presidents answer thereto, I Mib-
mit for their consideration the question as to the pioper
place of deposit of the gifts leeeivod with the royal letteis
referred to. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, February %6, 186:2.
• The message was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who is entitled to the
floor, to allow me to make two reports fiom the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. DELANO. I will yield the floor cheer-
fully to any gentlemen who desire it, until the
House is fuller.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, repotted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the repoit of the
Commissioner of Patents, mechanical department, exclu-
sive of the lists of patents gianted and patents expircflBbc
printed for the use of the House.
EXTRA COPIES OF BILL AND REPORTS.
Mr. WALTON", of Vermont, from the same
committee, also reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there he printed in pamphlet form, for the
use of the Uoti^o, ton thousand c\ti«i copies each of the
act ofFebmaiy 2.). 18G2, " to authorize the ih-ue of United
States notes and toi the ledemption or funding thcieol*
and for funding the floating debt of the lTnited Statesof
th<> icport of the Committee on Commerce on tin1 commer-
cial relation-, ot the United States with the Hntish North
Ameiiean province? and po^se--ions, a^ affected hv the
treaty of 3851, known as the i reciprocity tieatj ; and of the
icport of the Committee on Military Aftait-, in icgard to
the construction oi a ship canal Irom the Mississippi iiver
to Lake Michigan.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. DUELL. Having been absent on Tues-
day when the £nal vote was taken on the bill to
make an additional article of war, I ask leave to
record my vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. Leave was granted yester-
day to gentlemen who were absent, to record their
votes on that bill at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DUELL recorded his vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. CAMPBELL also recorded his vote in the
affirmative.
PROCEEDINGS OF TIIE 22D OF FEBRUARY.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, whether
any resolution has been referred to them for the
printing of the proceedings of the 22d of February,
including the Farewell Address?
The SPEAKER. The concurrent resolution
of the two Houses directed it to be done.
ABOLITION OF COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill abolishing certain collection dis-
trict, and reducing the compensation ot collcct-
otsandsurvoyorsin California; which was lead a
fust and second time, referred to theComnnUee on
Commerce, and, with the accompanying papers,
ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY, ETC.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a national foundery and
depots of arms on the lakes; which was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move that the bill be referred
to the committee on lake defenses, and printed.
Mr. DELANO. I move, as an amendment, that
the bill be referred to the special committee on
aimorics and founderies.
Mr. ARNOLD. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on that motion. The committee on lake
defenses has the subject under consideration, and
I presume there will be no difference of opinion
in regard to the matter.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot understand upon
what ground thegentleman can presume any such
thing. This twofold subject of inquiry into the
expediency of establishing national founderies
and armories has been before a special committee
of this House since July last. There have been,
I should think, some twenty-five bills and peti-
tions from all quarters the country referred to
that committee. That committee, as I understand,
though I have been absent from my seat for some-
what over a fortnight, arc nearly prepared to re-
port. It seems to me that if there is anything in
this bill, or anything of novelty in the project, or
if it is calculatcd in any way to affect or influence
the opinion of the committee, that, of all other
committees, is the one to consider the proposition.
Mr. ARNOLD. This bill proposes to estab-
lish, in accordance with the recommendation of
the War Department, naval depots of arms on
the lakes, and that part of it at least rightfully
belongs to the committee to which I ask its refer-
ence. It also proposes the establishment of a na-
tional foundery. It has nothing to do with the
establishment of a national armory. I desire,
therefore, that it shall take this reference. I will
remark, in regaid to the committee on the estab-
lishment of a national armory, that I do not think,
from what I hear of the deliberations of that com-
mittee, that there will be any difference of opinion
between that committee and the committee to
which 1 ask the reference of the bill.
Mr. DELANO. From what authority does the
gentleman derive that information ?
Mr. ARNOLD. From the language of the
members of the committee, who, 1" understand,
have acted m the absence of the gentleman. I
ask simply, as a mattei of courtesy, that the bill
which 1 have introduced may be printed, and re-
ferred to the committee I have indicated. When
it comes back, if it is not satisfactory to the gen-
tleman, he can move its reference to the other com-
mittee.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I think the suggestion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts is a very proper
one, that there being a committee raised by vote
of the House on the question of an armory—
which committee, I understand, have, in connec-
tion with the armory project, taken into consid-
eration olso the establishment of one or two na-
tional founderies—that there is peculiar propriety
in referring this bill to the armory committee. I
have only heard it incidentally, and outside of the
committee; but I understand that they have agreed
to make a certain report to the llouse, embracing
the establishment of an armory and of two found-
eries, and perhaps an arsenal. 1 think, therefore,
that this bill ought, by all means, to go to that
committee.
Mr. ARNOLD. The bill ison asubjectentirely
distinct from that which they ha ve under consid-
eration. The bill is in regard to the establishment
of naval depots on the lakes, and the commit-
tee on the armory has nothing to do with that
subject. I trust, therefore, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts will not insist on his motion.
I will say to the gentleman, that that committee,
appointed in July last, has not yet reported, and
that when this bill shall be ready to be reported
back, I will ad viae the gentleman, so that, if he
desnes to have it referred to the special committee
on a national armory, he may have it so referred.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will my col-
league permit mo to make a suggestion.
Mr. DELANO. I do not yield the floor ex-
cept for a momentary explanation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Only for a mo-
ment. The suggestion which I would make is
this, that so much of this bill as refers to the es-
tablishment of a national foundery be referred to
the special committee on a national armory and
foundery.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the reference of a bill can be thus divided.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If that is not in'
order, Mr. Speaker, and probably it is not, I shall
be in favor of referring the bill entirely to the spe-
cial committee on the subject of a national armory
and foundery, because the material part of it-is,
as I think, the foundery itself. I suggest that the
bill take that direction. That committee will be
prepared to report in a very short time, and its re-
port will cover the main proposition in this bill.
1 think it peculiarly proper and just that the bill
shall go to that committee, which has the subject
in charge. I think that the interest of my col-
league, and the interests of the West, will be suf-
ficiently and amply guarded by the report of the
special committee.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker-,—
Mr. WASHBURNE. I should like to have
the bill read.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read now, un-
less the gentleman from Massachusetts yields for
the purpose.
Mr. DELANO. I shall not yield for that pur-
pose at present. I am now ready, after hearing
the remarks of the gentleman from the Chicago
district, to unfold a little more the reasons that
seem to have animated certain gentlemen in this
House in wishing to have this bill leferred to
the committee on lake and river defenses rather
than to the special committee on the subject of a
national armory. I have no doubt that what trans-
pired in this House at the time of the general ref-
erence has long since passed from the minds of
most members of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. 1 think we have a right to have the bill
read before the question is discussed.
The SPEAKER. Not while a gentleman is on
the floor, as it would have to be taken out of his
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts is speaking on the election case,
well and good.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DELANO. I was proceeding to say, Mr.
Speaker, that when the President's message was
referred to the various committees of the House,
the question came up as to the appointment of a
special committee on the subject of coast defenses,
and also on the subject of a national armory and
foundery. There had been already appointed a
special committee on the latter subject. The House
decided at that time, under the ruling of the Chair,
that the question as to the establishment of a na-
tional armory and foundery should go to the spe-
cial committee on that subject, and that it was not
in order to refer it to the newly proposed commit-
tee on lake and river defenses. What was the
effect of that decision ? It was, that from that time
to this every proposition relating to the establish-
ment of a national armory and foundery has been
referred to the special committee on that subject,
and its reference to the special committee on the
subject of lake and river defenses has been ruled
out of order, and that ruling has been acquiesced
in by the House.
Now, whathas been the action of the last-named
committee? The first intimation I had was, that
it was not only considering the subject of lake and
river defenses generally, but had also, by usurpa-
tion of the authority of the other special commit-
tee, chosen to go into this very question, and con-
sider it as a part of its proper business. I submit
to the House that this is but a piece of the same
plan and proceeding. The gentleman from the
Chicago district, who is, I understand, chairman
of that committee, introduces this bill and asks to
have it referred to his committee. What will be-
come of it, or what competition or collision there
may be in the future between that committee and
i the special committee on the subject of national
! armories 1 leave the House to judge. One thing
is true, and that is the principal fact which the
House should understand, that since July last
there has been a committee appointed on this spe-
cial subject, and that the gentleman who is at the
head of a committee charged with an entirely dif-
