1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2919
Does the Senator wish an
I have certainly no objec-
Mr. SUMNER.
answer?
Mr. BROWNING.
tion to an answer.
Mr. SUMNER. I answer most clearly that
Congress has powers during war and against pub-
lic enemies which it has not during peace towards
anycitizensoftheUnited States. There are rights
of war which belong to all nations, and the Uni-
ted States is not without them. Those rights may
all be exercised through Congress, but they must
be exercised in the time of war. As rights of war,
they are limited to war. There are penal statutes,
statutes against treason, statutes for the punish-
ment of rebellion, which may be enforced at any
time, both in war and in peace; but the rights of
war grow out of war, and can be exercised only
during war.
Mr. BROWNING. I am happy to find 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will pardon
me, to go back to the topic on which we were
before 
Mr. BROWNING. I cannot give way for a
speech to be interpolated, and I do not wish to go
back from the point I am discussing.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to call the Sen-
ator's attention to a point on which he differed
from me. I stated that the speech I had the honor
of making some time ago was made on my own
bill.
Mr. BROWNING. I concede it, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I find that the pamphlet
edition, which I have in my hand, but which I
had not when the Senator did me the honor to re-
fer to it some moments ago, is entitled as follows:
" Speech of Mr. Sumner, of Massachusetts, on
his bill for the confiscation of property and the
liberation of slaves belonging to rebels." It was
from that bill that 1 read, a bill founded on that
provision of the Constitution which confers upon
Congress the power to regulate captures.
Mr. BROWNING. I am perfectly willing to
concede all that. It neither changes nor modifies
any single point in tins discussion. I am very
happy to find that I had neither misunderstood
nor misrepresented the Senator in assuming that
he contended that under the Constitution Con-
gress might exercise powers to-day, because war
existed, which it could not exercise to-morrow
if peace ensued. If this be so, then I desire to
know whether all the powers of Congress are not
derived from the Constitution; whether it pos-
sesses any not granted by the Constitution; and
what particular clause or provision of that instru-
ment it is which invests it with authority to do an
act to-day which it would not have been equally
competent to do at any single hour of the last
twenty years ? Yet this proposition must be main-
tained to justify the action which is urged upon
us. It must be shown that a state of war enlarges
our powers; for the right is claimed to judge of,
and decide upon, military necessities; and the Sen-
ator truly says this, if done at all, '« must be done
during war, and not after its close." The reason-
ing upon this subject proceeds thus: "it is the
ri^ht of Congress to judge of, determine upon, and
order to be executed, all measures demanded by
military necessities; butmilitary necessities do not
arise when peace prevails, therefore Congress can-
not exercise these powers in times of peace, but
can when war is raging, and therefore the powers
of Congress are augmented and amplified by a state
of war."
The premises are false, and all the deductions
made from them are likewise false. It is not true
that Congress may assume and exercise all the
active war powers in the actual prosecution of
war. The Constitution invests it with no such
prerogative. It is not true that Congress may de-
cide upon the measures demanded by military
necessities and order them to be enforced. If it
can do so in one instance, it can do so in every
instance. If it can grasp and wield this power in
one case, it can do so in all cases. I deny that the
right exists, in any case, to pass in judgment upon
what is properly called a military necessity. It
may become a military necessity when an army,
with its munitions and supplies, has been trans-
ported across a stream, to destroy the bridge that
bore them safely over, and leave only the deep
and rapid river in the rear. It may be a military
necessity to preserve the bridge, that the means
of safe retreat may be at hand if adverse fortune
should require it. It may become a military ne-
cessity, as an army marches through the enemy's
country, to waste and devastate it, and leave only
ruin and desolation behind to signalize its passage.
It may become a military necessity, upon the sur-
render of a beleaguered city, to give it up to pillage
and plunder, or to wrap it in flames and reduce it
to a smoldering and blackened heap of ruin. It
may become a military necessity, upon the ap-
proach of the hostile army, to destroy all the stores
and munitions of war, and retreat instead of fight-
ing. It may become a military necessity to refuse
quarter in battle, or to put to the sword all the
prisoners who may be captured. Some of these,
I admit, are extreme cases, and of rare occurrence;
but they have occurred, and will occur again, and
when they do they must be promptly met and
acted upon.
They are all of the class properly called mili-
tary necessities. And now, I again ask whether
it is seriously contended that Congress has either
right or power to judge of and determine upon
any one of them a month in advance of its occur-
rence? Whatever the seeming necessity may be
now, when the month hasel-apseditmay no longer
exist. May Congress to-day order that upon the
capture of a city a week hence it shall, as a mili-
tary necessity, be sacked and burnt? However
great the apparent necessity for such measures
now, the events of an hour may so change the
face of affairs that the necessity will be found in
leniency, forbearance, and protection. May Con-
gress to-day determine that the military necessi-
ties of the next battle to be fought will require that
no quarter shall be given, and that all prisoners
shall be put to the sword? Let us register such
an edict, and on the page that chronicles man's
deepest and darkest infamy we will outlive the
emperor who fiddled by the light of his magnifi-
cent capital in conflagration.
These necessities can be determined only by
the military commander, and to him the Consti-
tution has intrusted the pierogative of judging of
them. When the Constitution made the President
<{ Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States," it clothed him with all the in-
cidental powers necessary to a full, faithful, and
efficient performance of the duties of that high of-
fice; and to decide what are military necessities,
and to devise and execute the requisite measures to
meet them, is one of these incidents. It is not a le-
gislative, butan executive function, and Congress
has nothing to do with it. Congress can " raise
and support," but cannot command armies. That
duty the Constitution has devolved upon the Pres-
ident. It has made him Commander-in-Chief,
and therefore Congress cannot be. Nor can Con-
gress control him in the command of the Army,
for, if it can, then he is not Commander-in-Chief,
and the assertion of the Constitution to that effect
is a falsehood. And whenever Congress assumes
the control of the Army in the field, it usurps the
powers of a coordinate department of the Gov-
ernment, destroys the checks and balances pro-
vided for the safety of the people, and subvcits
the Constitution. Legislative encroachmentupon
the prerogatives of the other departments thus
boldly once begun, where will it end? It will go
on increasing in strength, and pushing its con-
quests, till it subordinates the Constitution itself
to its will, and becomes as omnipotentas the Brit-
ish Parliament. It is from the legislative depart-
ment of the Government that danger is to be ap-
prehended, not the executive or judicial. They
are inherently weak, and we cannot too carefully
guard against encroachments upon their preroga-
tives by the legislative department. In discussing
the distribution of the powers of Government to
the three departments, and the danger to be appre-
hended from them, Mr. Madison, in the forty-
eighth number of the Federalist, says:
i; It is evident that neither of them ought to possess, di-
rectly or indirectly, «m overruling influence over the others
m the admmi^tiation of their respective poweis. It wiil
not be domed that power i  of an encroaching natuie, and
that it ought to ho effectually lostramed from parsing the
limits assigned to it." * * * * ^ The legis-
lative depuitmcnt is everywhere extending the sphere ot its
activity, and drawing all power into its impetuous vor-
tew" * It i& against the enterpris-
ing ambition of this dcpaitmcnt that "the people ought to
indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all their pi ecuu turns.
The legislative dcpaitinent derives a supeiiority in our
Government from other circumstances. Itsconstifutional
powers being at once more extensive and less susceptible
ofprcci&e limit*-, it can with the greater facility ma&k, under
complicated and indueet measure-!, the encroachments
which it makes on the eo jrdmate departments."
But to return again for a moment to the ques-
tion whether Congress can control the President
in the supremo command and direction of the
Army, I ask attention to the fifty-ninth number
of the Federalist, by Mr. Hamilton. He says:
"The President is to be Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States. In this respect his au-
thority would be nominally the same with that of the king
of Great Britain, but in substance much inferior to it. ft
would amount to nothing more than the supreme command
and directioiiof Che military and naval forces, as first general
and admiral of Ike Confederacy ; while that of the British
king extends to the declaring of war, and to the raising and
regulating of fleets and aimies, all which by the Constitu-
tion under consideration would appertain to the legisla-
ture."
Here the respective powers of the President and
Congress, as connected with the Army, are most
clearly and distinctly stated. Congress is to raise
and regulate the Army; when raised and regu-
lated, the President is to have the supreme com-
mand and direction.
Again, in the seventy-fourth number, the same
distinguished statesman, recurring to the same
subject, said:
" The President of the United States is to be Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of
the militia oftheseveial States when called into the actual
service ot'the United States. The piopriety of this provision
is so evident, and it is, at the same time, so consonant to the
precedents of the State constitutions in genera), that little
need be said to explain or enfoice it. Even those of theiu
which have, in other respect^, coupled the Chief Magistrate
with a council, have, for the most part, concentiated the
military authority in him alone. Of all the cares or con-
cerns of Government, the direction of war most peculiarly
demand-* those qualities which distinguish the exercise of
power by a single hand. The direction of war implies the
duectioo of the common stiength; and the power of direct-
ing and employing the common strength forms a usual and
essential pu.it in the definition of the executive authority."
This was all said before the adoption of the
Constitution, and to commend it to the acceptance
of the people. At a later day, after it had been
adopted, and questions, as now, arose as to the
extent of the legislative power under it, Mr. Mad-
ison, in discussing a bill before Congress, said:
" lie did not accedc to the principle of the bill. He did
not see anv such immediate prospect of a war as could in-
duce the House to violate the Constitution. He thought
that it was, a wise pi maple in the Constitution to make one
branch ol the Government m&e an at my and another con-
duet it. if the Legislature had the power to conduct an
army, they might embody it lor that end- On the other
hand, if the President was empowered to raise an ai my, as
he is to direct its motions when raised, he might vvi>'h to
assemble it lor the sake of the influence to be acquired
by the command. The Constitution had wisely guanled
against the danger on either side."—4 Elliot's Debates,
p. 444.
Now, hear again the Senator from Massachu-
setts state the legal proposition from which he de-
duces the power to Congress to give the sanction
of enactment to the measures which he proposes.
Overturn his premises, and his conclusions nat-
urally and necessarily fall with them. In stating
what he claims to be a grant of power to Congress
by the Constitution to control armies and conduct
war, he says:
"Language could not be broadei. Under its comprehen-
sive ccope there can be nothingossential to the prosecution
of the war, its conduct, its support, or its success; yes, sir,
there can be nothing essential to its success which is not
positively within the province of Congress. There is not
one of the lights of war which Congress may not invoke.
There is not a single weapon in its terrible arsenal which
Congress may not giasp."
The great architects of the Constitution, who
had studied it profoundly and mastered and com-
prehended its philosophy, and who could not be
driven by popular clamor in after years to mar
their majestic work, have placed and left on rec-
ord, for the admonition and guidance of those who
were to come after them, the solemn and author-
itative declaration, that it was s< a wise principle
in the Constitution to make one branch of the
Government raise an army and another conduct
it." The fathers of the Constitution, whose long
experience of the imperfections of existing sys-
tems had taught them all the necessities to be pro-
vided for by organic laws, distributed the powers
of Government to different departments, and to
prevent conflicts and collisions, preserve order,
and secure harmony in the working of the sys-
tem, they erected barriers to keep them separate,
and to confine each department to its appropriate
sphere, and restrain it from encroachments upon
another.
The honorable Senator recognizes no such bar-
riers, no such separation of powers, but claims
that all executive powers which the President may
