1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
enlightened by the private meditations of five Sen-
ators who shall assemble together in some room
by themselves? Will that determine for the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dooljttle,] for my
colleague, (Mr. Browning,] for the Senator from
Vermont, [Mi. Collame-u,] what is constitution-
al? I have no doubt that certain Senators may
get together and agree, but the chief objections to
a confiscation bill have come from those who
ba«*ed their objections on constitutional ground.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,]
who is opposed to all measures of confiscation,
bases his objections on constitutional grounds.
I know that other objections are made. I know
that Senators say it is "inexpedient. X know, and
I regret to know, nothing has made me sadder
than to see that feeling exhibited here in this body
to-day, even to this hour, which is the cause of
all our troubles. I have been astonished, I have
been astounded beyond measure, when Senators
have risen here, after a year of bloodshed and
war, and have advocated the very course of pol-
icy which has brought war and desolation and
devastation upon us. Why,sir, I remember when,
during the last Administration, some of us went
to the Chief Magistrate of this nation, and ap-
pealed to him, " Sir, take some steps to prevent
the fortifications of the South from falling into the
hands of traitors to the Government; do not suffer
the forts at the mouth of the Mississippi, on the
Gulf of Mexico, at Charleston and Savannah, and
the valuable navy-yard at Norfolk, to fall into the
hands of rebels and traitors;" and what was the
the answer? Oh, you must not do anything, you
must not send troops down to Charleston harboi;
it will alienate the South, and it will unite them
as one man against the Government at once!
When Major Anderson, with a few men, was down
in Charleston harbor, he was ordered to do noth-
ing that could offend the people of South Caro-
lina! Sir, a single regiment of men in November,
1860, sent by the Piesidcnt of the United States
to Charleston harbor, and placed m the three forts
there would have saved us this war. There must
liotbeagmi fired there we were told; itwould alien-
ate the South! And so at Norfolk, where two
thousand cannon lay, with munitions of war and
valuable vessels, where the Merrimac was, where
the Government had millions of property, no
steps were taken to protect it. Why? Todoso
would alienate Virginia! And now, sir, after all
the sutTering that has'followed,Scnatoisnse here
in their places and tell us, " If you confiscate the
property of these rebels, you pass this law, you
will unite tho South a1? one man, and yon will
never have any peace."' Is it not time, sir, that
we took counsel of our judgments and of loyal
men, and stopped incjuit mg how traitors and rebels
would feel at our legislation? Sir, it has been the
thing in the way of the prosecution of this war,
yielding to the neutrality that was preached in
some of the border States, yielding to the men
whocame here from Vnginia when their conven-
tion was in session to take the State out of the
Union, to steal your property at Norfolk and at
Harper's Ferry. You held still until they got
ready and were prepared, and then they took pos-
session of your cannon and your guns, and they
have been firing them at you ever since.
I believe that is the great distinction between
the bills here. I believe that no bill is worth the
paper on which it is written that hesitates to take
the property of traitors and rebels before they are
convicted in your courts of justice. You might
as well undertake to make war thiough courts of
justice as to talk about confiscating the property
of rebels through courts of justice. Why, sir, it
is because you have got no courts of justice in the
South that this war is upon us. It is idle to talk
about a judicial tribunal in South Carolina con-
demning a man for treason before you can touch
his property. If a majority of the Senate believe
that you cannot touch the property of traitors and
rebels except on the vei diet of a jury, we can do
nothing toward touching their property that will
be worth the paper we write the bill upon. The
Senator from Vet mont made really a great deal of
spott of the bill which came from the Judiciary
Committee, and yet his bill, so far as constitu-
tional principles are concerned, contains every
principle that is in any of the bills. He provides
m his bill for takmg property without any trial,
without any court, without any adjudication; he
proposes to take property and sell it-and put the
money into the Treasury without ever looking at
a court; but he says that it must be property that
is expensive to keep. It is constitutional to con-
fiscate property without the action of the courts,
if it is expensive to keep it!
Mr. COLLAMER. My bill does not say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not say that? Let
us look at what it says 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the confisca-
tion provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall see what it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. With the consent of the
Senator 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read it; it will speak
for itself. I have the bill before me.
Mr. COLLAMER. I prefer to speak for my-
self, if you will let me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would rather let the bill
speak. I know the gentleman's speech and his
bill were not in exact harmony.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman desires
to pervert my meaning, he may go on.
Mr. TRUAIBULL. I will read the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Your understanding of
that provision is not correct. Putting the money
in the Treasury is not the end of it. It is to be
kept until the man is tried, and if he is convicted
it lemains in the Treasuty; if he is not convicted,
the property must be returned to him, or the avails.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no provision in
the bill for returning any property to him or the
avails of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the meaning of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other day, when my
friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill] was comment-
ing on this bill,and appealed to the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Carlile] to know if it was this
feature of the bill which he indorsed after the
Senator fioni Vermont took his seat, the Senator
from Virginia said, " I indorse the speech of the
Senator from Vermont; not his bill." Now, sir,
we will see what the bill says:
" Whenovei it shall bo deemed necessary to tin* speedy
and successful termination of a rebellion by the President,
he is hereby authoiized by such commissioners as he shall
appoint''—
Not by a court—
'• to sequester and seize the property, real and personal, of
such petsons as shall bear aims against the United States,
or ffiveaid and comfort to t-ueh peiaons. whei ever situated;
and if within any part of the United States the inhabitants
whereof have been piociaimcd to he in a state of insutrec-
tion, to hold, occupy, rent, and control for the United States
until the ordinary courseof judicial piocccdmg shall be re-
stored in the State or district wlieie the same is t>iiunted,
and in all easos until the owners of said propeity can be
proceeded against by lesal pio«eeutiou5'—
And then comes an exception —
1 but no persons holden to --crvire. commonly called slaves,
| shall be taken under this section.
| Of course not; it has always been the doctrine
I that you could never touch slaves-, you can not seize
; them under this provision and set them free! ph,
i no ! Another section of the bill provides that you
I may do it after six months of insurrection and a
I proclamation of the President. Then you can do
1 it; but all this other property you can seize at
| once, except the negro;, you cannot touch him;
; and I am sorry that even my friend from Massa-
j chusetts copied that into his amendment. Now
! we will see what is to be done with this property:
\ uAnd all such personal property as shall be so taken
i winch 1-* perishable, or expensive in keeping, may be sold
, by said comini^iouei^, who shall keep and lender full ac-
' count4* of ail the avails and receipts fiom -<cud property so
1 sold, let, or occupied, and pay over the avails to the Treas-
uiy of the United States."
" Court" is not mentioned there once as to the
disposition of this property. If it is property of
a perishable character, or if it costs something to
keep it, it is not unconstitutional to take it and
sell it and put the money in the Treasury; and as
to the other property, the use of a thing is as
much property as the ownership of a thing, and
this bill provides for taking the real estate and
using it—for how long3 Until you can bring its
owner to trial. Suppose you never bring him to
trial, are you to keep it forever? Then, it seems
you may, after all, do this without getting the
matter before the courts. Now, I want to know,
if you can do that, why you cannot take the real
estate absolutely ? You will observe, sir, that this
property which is to be taken and to be held,oc- j
cupied,and rented by the bill of the Senator from ;
Vermont, is property m a part of the United States j
where the inhabitants have been proclaimed to be
in a state of insurrection. Now, what will the
Senate do with a case like this? I have a letter
here from a very intelligent gentleman, a gentle-
man of high character in my State, which i have
received since I came to the Senate, in which he „
says:
" Five or six years ago, when attending the land sales at
Danville, in this State, I met an agent of John SHdell, pres-
ent lebe! minister to France, who entered for him some
foity thousand acres of land, and I learned that the next
year he entered some thhty thousand acres in Iowa. Last
week, when in St. Louis, t met this agent and he informed
me that Slidell still owned these lands. Now, It seems to
me that here ia a fit subject for confiscation."
That is one instance; there are a great many
such instances all over the State of Illinois and all
over the western States where these rebels hold
real estate,forthey have been making investments
for years in our lands. Are we not to touch them)
Not unless you can bring the man to trial! I
reckon it will be some time before you get John
Slidell to trial. I propose to .take that property
and sell it whether Slidell comes to trial or not. I
propose to confiscate that property by proceedings
against the property where we can reach it. I
know that was an extraordinary proceeding to the
Senator from Vermont—a proceeding in rem. The
distinguished Senator made a great deal of sport
of the words hi rem. He actually pronounced
them in so humorous away that he " brought the
house down." Everybody laughed at " proceed-
ings in rem." It was a very strange proceeding,
one would suppose, to the distinguished Senator
from Vermont. But in the Senate of the United
States I hardly think it is necessary to reply to an
attack of that kind upon a bill.
I will allude to another feature of the bill of the
Senator from Vermont; and I speak of his bill as
a sample; it will be found that the same principles
are admitted in the bill of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] and in all the various prop-
ositions; they all admit the principle, every one
of them, that you can confiscate property. The
first section of the substitute offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont is a provision for the punish-
ment of treason. It will be remembered by the
Senate—I would like the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] to notice this, for I believe this
bill suits his views 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What bill is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill of the Senator
from Vermont. He thinks you cannot confiscate
the real estate of a rebel or traitor beyond his life,
under the clause of the Constitution which de-
clares that " no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood, or forfeiture, except during
the life of the person attainted;" and here comes
in the bill of the Senator from Vermont, a prop-
osition to confiscate—he docs not call it by that
name—the real estate of a convicted traitor. Do
you believe we can do that? Thut is this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe we can for life.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this bill proposes to
dispose of it not for life; but how does it do it?
It does it in the name of a fine. It docs not call
it confiscation, but it declares that the traitor
who shall be convicted upon the oath of two wit-
nesses to the same overt act may be punished by
imprisonment and a fine which may take all his
estate—a fine of not less than §10,000—" which
fine shall be levied and collected on any or all the
property, real and personal, of which the said per-
son or persons so convicted was owner at the time
of the committing of the said act, any sale or con-
veyance to the contrary notwithstanding." He
proposes in that way to take the property of a con-
victed traitor, when the Constitution of the United
States says that no attainder of treason—and that
means, I take it, no conviction for treason, be-
cause we have no such thing as a technical at-
tainder of treason—no conviction for treason shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture, cxcept
during the life of the person attainted. The Sen-
ator from Vermont proposes that it shall work a
destruction of ail his real estate if you do it under
the name of a line; just call it a fine, and you may
take the real estate forever.
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of dis-
cussing the Senator's bill. I rose simply to state
that I do not behove any good will arise out of a
reference of these measures. I cannot see how
any five Senators here can determine these con-
stitutional questions for forty-five Senators. I do
not see how that will dispose of the amendments.
If there is a feeling in the Senate on the part of
