2920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
exercise in the prosecution of the war are held by
him in subordination to the will of Congress, sub-
ject to its control and direction, and ull of which
Congress may exorcise concurrently with the
President if it so chooses. He puts the matter
thus:
"Doubtless there are rights of war, embracing confisca-
tion, contribution, and liberation, which may beexercised
by the commanding general in the field, or may be ordered
by the President, according to the exigency." A *
* * "But ail these rights of war whicli I have re-
viewed to-day arc deposited with the Government of the
United States, which meanti Congress in conjunction witli
the President."
1 will not pause to controvert the very remarka-
ble assertion that the President and Congress con-
stitute the Government of the United States, but
take issue at once with the Senator upon the not
less extraordinary proposition that the rights of
war are deposited with the Government to be ex-
ercised by Congressand the President conjointly.
There is not, sir, a single power of ilie Govern-
ment, so far ns I am informed or believe, not one
single power which may be exercised cither con-
jointly or concurrently by different departments
of the Government. There are cerium acts to be
performed which cannot be perfected without the
assent of both the executive uiui legislative depart-
ments, but the part to be performed by each is
clearly and distinctly defined, and neither enn
trench upon the province of the other. They are
separate and distinctness, to be performed by each
department for itself, by its sepaiate notion, and
not by the conjoint action of both. The part to
bo performed bv the President must be performed
by him alone. Congress can neither do nor con-
trol the doing of it. iftlieaetis legislative, itnmst
be done by Congress; if executive, by the Presi-
dent, and the President alone.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
there?
Mr. BROWNtNG. Yes, air.
Mr. SUMNER. I should not interrupt him if
1 did not hope to bring his attention to the precise
point. The Senator savs that if the net be legis-
lative, itmust be by Congress alone; if executive,
by the President alone. 1 would ask the Senator
whether every legislative act must not receive the
signature of the President? Receiving the signa-
ture of the President, does not every legislative
act become the conjoint work of the Congress and
of the President? That is what 1 had in view
when I said that these rights of war were to be
exercised by Congress in conjunction with the
President; (or nothing done by Congress can re-
ceive final effect until it has the signature of the
President.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, tlie lan-
guage of the Senator tipun winch 1 am comment-
ing was, " there is not one of tin1 rights of war
which Congress may not exercise; there is not a
weapon in its terrible arsenal that Congress may
not grasp." Nothing is said about the President.
Mr. bUMNkR. A.nd the Senator quoted the
words of mine, " in conjunction with the Pres-
ident." All act of Congress becomes a law only
through the signature of the President.
Mr. BROWNING. lam as fully aware of that
as the Senator can be. As I stated already, there
are certain acts which cannot be perfected with-
out the action of both Congress and the President.
1 stated that, and stated it distinctly; but, sir, do
they act conjointly or concurrently? Neither.
Cougiess has its part to perform, and the Pres-
ident has his part to perform; and Congress can
no more control him m giving or withholding his
approval to a bill, than'he can control Congress
in giving or withholding its approval. The"acts
are separate and distinct, to be performed by each
department for itself, wholly irrespective of the
wtshesand wholly emancipated from any restraint
by the other.
I say, sir, if the act is legislative, it must be done
by Congress; if executive, by the President, and
the I resident, alone. Congress cannot act with
him either conjointly or concurrently. He is as
supreme m his spheieasthe legislative department
is in its sphere; and jn the performance of the du-
ties with which the Constitution has charged him
he cannot, without an abnegation of his authority,
submit to be controlled by either Congress or the
people, they being as completely subject to the
Constitution and as much bound to yield to its
authority as he is. It is admitted by the Senator
that" there are rights of war, embracing confis- I
cation, contiibution, and liberation, which may
be exercised by any commanding general in the
field, or may he ordered by the President accord-
ing to the exigency.1' This, sir, is an admission
fatal to the claim of power he makes for Congress
to exercise the same "rights of war, embracing
confiscation, liberation, and contribution;'5 for to
show that the President may exercise them is to
demonstrate that Congress cannot. I repeat what
I have before said, that there is no single power
granted by the Constitution to be exercised indif-
feiently by thePresidcntand Congress. Thejuris-
dietion is exclusive in each. If the one possesses
it, the other cannot. If this were not so, th^re
would be continual nnd dangerous collisions be-
tween thesetwodepartments of Government. One
might choose to exercise the power in one way,
and the other precisely in the opposite way, and
this would result in such fatal antagonisms as
would not only retard but absolutely suspend the
wheels of Government.
The exercise of the law-making power by the
President would be rank usurpation. It is as fla-
grant usurpation, and far more dangerous to the
integrity of die Constitution and the Government,
for Congress to assume executive power.
Another error into which zeal for confiscation
in this particular mode, and by congressional ac-
tion, has hurried him, is to be found in the asser-
tion that " it is clear" il that there is no limitation
to the amount of fine which may be imposed for
crimc, so that in its sweeping extent it may prac-
tically take from tin* criminal all his estate, real
and personal." Before dogmatizing on the Con-
stitution, it might be well to read it. I quote the
eighth aiticle of the amendments:
" TC\cr -ive b.ul not In* requn ed, nor excessive fines
impoM'ij, not euu'l and untisii.tl punishment* inflicted."
Yet, in tiie teeth of this, the Senator asserts
that " it is dear that there is no limitation to the
amount of fine which may be imposed for crime."
With this claim of omnipotence for Congress, it
ought not to surprise us to hear gentlemen con-
tend that for the very common and not very atro-
cious offense of assault and battery the whole of a
man's estate, real and personal, may be swept
from him by confiscation,and his family pauper-
ized, if Congress so wills it, and that all consti-
tutional barriers to a like punishment for treason
may be easily surmounted by a resoit to the un-
limited and illimitable power of imposing fines.
What matters it that the Constitution interposes
to stay the hand from giving up the estate to abso-
lute forfeiture for treason ? We have sworn to sup-
port the Constitution, and are troubled with some
"compunctions visitings of conscience " when
the precise thing which the Constitution, in terms,
forbids is proposed; but how easy to calm the
moral perturbation by a sneer at constitutional
scruples, and reach the same end by the shorter
and director road of afine whose "insatiable maw"
shall incontinently swallow all at a gulp.
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, says of this clausc:
u The piovwion would boom to be wholly unnecessary
in a tree govcrmnmit, since it is scarcely possible that any
department ot such a $?oveinment should authorize or just-
ify Mich .itioeiouf conduct, li w.n. however, adopted as
an admonition to all departments of'the national Govern-
ment, to warn them nguin>t Mich violent proceedings a&
liad taken place in ISnglnnd in the arbitraly reigns of some
ot the Stuarts. In those times, a demand of p\cc«sive bail
wax often made ngahiM persons who were odmns to the
court and its favorites, and on failinc to pioeuro it they
vvt'io ruminated to prison. Enormous fines und ameice-
inents jvrrr nUo sometimes imposed, and ciuel and vindic-
tive punishments inflicted. Upon tins subject Mr. Justice
i>lackstone has widely remarked, that sanguinary laws are
a had symptom ot the distemper of riny State, or .it least of
Us weak constitution. The laws of the liomai) kins*, and
the twelve tables of the Deeemviii, vveie full (if cruel nnn-
isniiR'iit& ; (he Porctan law, which exempted all citizens
tiom MMifnee ot death, silently abrogated them all. in tins
period the republic flourished. Under the emperors severe
laws were revived, and then the empue fell.''
It was to prevent a repetition of these oppres-
sions, these atrocities, which, m times of high
pai ty excitementand exasperation, had often been
perpetrated, and which the convention, jud^ino-
more correctly than the commentator, feaied
might be resorted'to again, that this provision was
inserted. Long experience had already taught
the civilized world that undue severity of punish-
ment, instead ofpreventingand diminishing crime,
tended to provoke and increase it. The progress
ot Christianity had developed a wish to mitigate
as far as compatible with the imperfection of hu-
man institutions, the rigorofcriminallaws which
involved the innocent in the punishments due to
the gulity; and this provision, as well as that
against forfeitures, ana the passage of the bills of
attainder, was inserted with a view to the accom-
plishment of that object.
To a greater or less extent, the wife must suffer
for the guilt of the husband, and the child for that
of the parent; but this should be so only to the
extent which is inevitable in God's economy of
the world, and human laws should be confined
within that limit. It was the purpose of the
framcrs of the Constitution to protect the inno-
cent families of offenders from utter impoverish-
ment and ruin for crime which they had not com-
mitted, and could not prevent. It was the intention
to leave to such families the means of subsistence
and livelihood, after the law had exhausted its
power of punishmenton the criminal; but this ob-
ject has not been attained, if the unlimited power
of imposing fines exists, as contended for by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. If the
existence of the power can be demonstrated, there
is a manifest disposition, in some quarters, to use
it to the full extent suggested by him, " so that
in its sweeping extent it may practically take from
the criminal all his estate, real and personal."
The emergency has come which the Consti-
tution contemplated. The stupendous, unparal-
leled, and unprovoked crimc of the traitors in arms
against the Government, has justly exasperated
us, and inspired a desire to strip them mercilessly,
and with inexorable hand, of all then earthly
possessions. Many of them deserve no mercy;
and when the necessities of the war demand it,
they may be stripped, but not by Congress. Con-
gress can neither judge of and determine military
necessities in the field, nor execute military powers.
Nor is this what js suggested by this part of the
Senator's speech; but to provide by law for sweep-
ing away everything by civil proceedings in the
courts. When this is attempted, we mustlook to
the Constitution for the extent of our powers;
and when limitations aie found, respect and obey
them. All limitations in this respect upon the
military power are subject to modifications by the
exigencies and necessities of the war, to be judged
of by the war-executing power; but no such mod-
ifications supervene to amplify the authority of
Congress. The traitors deserve the severest pun-
ishments, and we are anxious to strip them of
theirestates byabsoluteforfeiture; but,upon look-
ing into the Constitution, we find our hands are
tied; the power to do this is denied us. We are
exasperated and restive under the restraint, and
seek for some othcravenue through which we may
roach the same end. We resort to fines which
shall be so large as to absorb everything,and prac-
tically accomplish the same result which would be
attained by forfeitures and confiscations; but the
Constitution has hedged against us here by provid-
ing that excessive fines shall not be imposed.
Now, in these circumstances, what is the duty
of Congress ? Clearly, I think, to obey the Con-
stitution, and keep within its limitations, and nei-
ther trample upon nor evade them. These re-
straints were imposed because the expeiience of
centuries had shown that power was always strug-
gling for expansion, for the enlargement of its
area of action; and that this was especially true
in times of domestic disturbance and strong pop-
ular excitement; and it was foreseen that, uoon
such occasions arising here, it might be deemed a
political necessity, by Congress, for the punish-
ment of great offenders, who had committed stu-
pendous crimcs, to pass bills of attainder, to con-
fiscate estates forever, or to impose excessive fines,
which would practically accomplish the same thing
as absolute confiscation. The convention believed
'he powera dangerous one, capable ofgreat abuses,
ana sure to be, at such times, so abused as ten
times over to counterbalance all possible good that
could be attained by itsexercise—capable of being
used as the instrument of crippling the other de-
partments of the Government, and finally of usurp-
ing all their functions; and therefore, in the most
emphatic terms, denied the possession of any such
poweis at all. Congress can exercise no powers
not granted by the Constitution; but, with respect
to those above enumerated, and some others, the
convention was notcontent with simply withhold-
ing the grant, but put an express negation upon
them all; thus tying the hands of the legislative
department of the Government as tightly as it was
possible to do by a written Constitution.
