1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
those opposed to an efficient measure of confisca-
tion, if there is a disposition to bring in amend-
ments, you may have forty amendments offered
the moment yourcommittec reports. Surely forty-
five Senators will not put their constitutional scru-
ples into the custody of this committee of five to
settle for them. They may offer all these amend-
ments after the bill comes back into the Senate,
just as they are offered now. I shall not despair,
i shall not say, with the Senator from Ohio, that
nothing will bo done; but I admit that it is dis-
couraging. 1 think the tendency will be to bring
about that unanimity which the Senator from
Rhode Island desires, by giving up the life and
vitality of a confiscation bill. I should be glad to
have unanimity. I wish we all might agree. But
I want that agreement upon something that will
be of value. However, many of my friends who
are as earnestly for confiscation as I am, favor this
reference, and I shall rejoice if the committee to
to which it is referred, if the Senate thinks proper
to refer it, which, of coursc, will be done without
my vote, can bring in a measure that shall have
vitality, that shall accomplish something, that
shall take the property of rebels to pay in part
- the expenses occasioned by this rebellion.
The classification now contained in the first sec-
tion has been adopted into the bill since it was
reported from the Judiciary Committee. 1 voted
against it. Furtherreflection has satisfied me that
my vote was correct. There was great force in
what the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
said yesterday in regard to this classification. He
thought that under it innocent persons might have
their property taken, while the guilty would go
unpunished. I think so to some extent; but I
thought it a very strange argument to come from
the Senator from Wisconsin, who, if I mistake
not, came into the Senate and voted to put the
classification into the bill, and then attacked the
bill because it was in it. I believe it ought not to
have gone in, and I agree very much with what
he said on that subject. I think the bill was bet-
ter as it originally stood. However, others of my
own friends thought then,a? tlu-y do now, that it
was better toadopt the classification; and although
I voted against it, 1 did not very strenuously op-
pose it,and 1 took in regard to that the same view
that I shall now take in regard to this question of
reference. Senators favorable to the bill insist
upon it; I can only acquiesce—and that 1 desire
to do gracefully—without any strenuous opposi-
tion to the motion, slating at the same time that,
in my judgment, it is a mistake, and that we had
better adhere to the measure that is before us.
Mr, POSTER. Mr. President, on Friday last
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
moved that this bill which was then before the
Senate, together with the other bills on the table
of the Senate connected with the same subject-
matter, be referred to a select committee—the num-
bers five and seven were both named; seven I be-
lieve was finally the motion, It was opposed,and
it was suggested that it would occasion delay when
wo had already long delayed action on the bill.
In conncction with that suggestion, the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Dooljttle] proposed, as an
amendment to the motion, that the committee
should be instructed to report upon these several
propositions on the Monday then next, now yes-
terday. The question was taken upon the motion
to amend, by instructing the committee when to
report, and it was voted down; and then upon the
motion to refer to the committee, and that was
voted down; and the honorable Senator from Ohio
says that those who voted at that time for the
motion to refer were persons who are opposed to
confiscation, and those who voted against the
motion to refer nro friends of confiscation.
Now, Mr. President, the question comes up
again, and we have had over an hour of discus-
sion upon this motion to refer, which does not
open the merits of the question; still the Chair,
in forbearance to members upon the floor, has
permitted us to go on and discuss not only its
merits and demerits, but matters connected and
unconnected with the measure, to the lieart's con-
tent of every gentleman who has addressed the
Senate. This discussion has been confined en-
tirely to gentlemen who, on Friday, voted against
any reference of this question, and who are con-
sidered by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] as
friends,par cxccllcnce,exclusively of confiscation;
so what was on Friday last evidence that a man
was opposed to confiscation is no evidence now;
because this very question of reference is now
urged by those whom the Senator from Ohio
agrees are as good friends of confiscation as he
himself; and he might with equal justice agree
that, at least, some of those who advocated the
reference on Friday last were just as good friends
of confiscation as he himself. I speak only for
one; but I believe there were others who voted
with me that arc just as sincere fiiends of confis-
cation as he is.
Mr. WADE. They had a singular way of
showing it.
Mr. FOSTER. They had a singular way of
showing it, says the honorable Senator. It was
singular on Friday last; but after two days' dis-
cussion, itis not at all singular now; the honor-
able Senator docs not think it singular now. It is
perfectly in accordance with the utmost zeal for
confiscation to vote now for this reference to a
committee; and the honorable Senator thinks so
now.
Mr. WADE. Oh, no.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator agrees
that those who do think so, and who are going to
vote so now, are just as good friends of the meas-
ure as he is. If th£ fact that a man votes for this
reference is any evidence against him, it isjustas
much evidence against those who arc now good
confiscationists as it is against those who voted
in the same way on Friday last, and with entire
deference to the Senator's better judgment, I think
much stronger evidence, for the question of ref-
erence on Friday last was a different question
from the question of reference to-day. There
were reasons for the reference then which do not
exist now. I am not about to say that there may
not be good reasons now, but they are notasgood
nor as numerous as they were then. We have
had further discussion. There is no one identi-
cal proposition before the body to-day which was
not before us then. They are arranged in a little
different form in the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts this morn-
ing. That is theonly measure which is brought
forward that is claimed to be new, and there is
nothing new in that except the arrangement of it.
It is an eclectic amendment, so to speak, taking
those propositions which the honorable Senator
deemed best and putting them together. So, then,
we have had nothing new, and we have had two
days in which to compare these bills and make
up our minds in regard to voting. Now, there is
good leason in the minds of men who are earnest
friends of confiscation for the reference. The
reason why I rose to speak now, was to protest
against the assertion made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, who said that a man who was in
favor of referring these bills was not a friend of
confiscation.
Mr. WADE. I believe the Senator has inferred
thaU; I think I said no such thing. If the Senator
is conscious that such is the fact in regard to him-
self, that is a deduction of his own mind. I did
not say it.
Mr. FOSTER. I understood the Senator, in
the remarks he made a short time ago, to assert
distinctly that those who on Friday Jast voted in
favor of the motion to raise a select committee,
and to refer these bills to that committee, were
persons who were opposed to confiscation, and
that those who voted against it were friends of
confiscation. In that connection my friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] made an explana-
tion, in which he said that, although he voted
against the motion to refer, it must not be inferred
that he thereby pledged himself to any particular
bill before the body, or that by that vote he indicat-
ed distinctly what were his views upon the ques-
tion of confiscation. The Senator from New Jer-
sey at least understood the Senator from Ohio as I
did, and at that time the Senator from Ohio did not
think proper to disclaim having made such a re-
mark. I may have misunderstood him. Certainly
if he did not intend it, it is sufficient; whether he
said what I have asserted or not.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from New Jersey
spoke about the test question, not about who was
for or who against confiscation; but about the mat-
ter of test, which I explained to him.
Mr. FOSTER. Piecisely; and what was the
test? It was the vote on that motion of reference.
That was the test—those who voted yea were no
friends of confiscation, those who voted nay were;
that was what the Senator from New Jersey alluded
to when, not disclaiming that he was a friend of
confiscation, he still said that that vote was no test
of what bill he would go for, what measure he
would support. That was the test exactly.
Mr. WADE. I do not like to interrupt the
gentleman; but I believe there was no fiiend of
confiscation who voted for that reference; not one.
Mr. FOSTER. That was what the gentleman
said. I understand him now to come back to it,
after having once suggested that lie did not say it.
Mr. WADE. No. I say it now. I did not say
it before.
Mr. FOSTER. I thought the gentleman said
it before, but in that he stated that I was wrong.
It is sufficient that I understand him now to mean
that not a man who voted for that reference on
Friday was a fiiend of confiscation.
Mr. WADE. I believe not.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course the Senator does not
speak as a matter of knowledge, becausc that
would be more presuming than the Senator from
Ohio ever is, for he always speaks properly; and
to say that you believe a man means so and so is
about as strong as you can speak on a subject not
admitting knowledge. Now, I say that when a
distinction is undertaken to be made in this Sen-
ate between those who vote differently on a mat-
ter of that sort, gentlemen are speaking without
authority; they arc speaking without book. When
the Senator comes to apply his own test to-day
to an act done on Friday last, he agrees that the
test fails, because he agrees that men who now
vote for the reference are as good friends of the
measure of confiscation as he himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Connecticut allow me to suggest to him that there
is all the difference in the world between the two
motions in my estimation ? The motion to-day
comes from a friend of confiscation. It came the
other day from a Senator known and avowed to
be opposed to confiscation.
Mr. FOSTER. Ah, Mr. President, that is it,
is it? It is because the measure did not come
from the right source. The character of an act,
then, docs not depend upon the act; or rather the
act has no character, it depends upon him who
performs it—the actor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
moan to misrepresent me, I know.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course I do not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ii# must know that the
person making the motion takes control of the
measure. I think it makes all the difference in
the world whether a confiscation measure goes to
its friends or its enemies. By parliamentary rule,
the Senator knows as well as any gentleman upon
the floor, that the Senator making the motion to
refer takes charge of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I would say that the Senator
is a little fast, first, in his assumptions, but if he
were entirely right, what did the Senator from
Pennsylvania do? He rose here in his place and
disavowed, in the most explicit terms, any desire
or wish to be upon the committee, and if the com-
mittee were raised, he requested that he should
not be placed upon it. Does any man doubt his
good faith j and that he did not mean what he said ?
If so, of course they would still take it for granted
that the Chair would appoint him, and that he
was taking that particular course for the sake of
getting the appointment; but I trust—although
Senators may think the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is not a friend of the confiscation bill—no one
will say but that he spoke sincerely and truly,
not hypocritically, when he disclaimed any desire
or wish to be upon the committee. And as to his
being an enemy of confiscation, it is better, per-
haps, that he should speak for himself. I do not
undertake to speak for him. If the Senator from
Illinois or the Senator from Ohio can, of coursc
it is because they have more knowledge on the
subject than I have. I confess I should prefer to
have the Senator from Pennsylvania speak for
himself.
There is nothing, as I apprehend, in the fact
that the motion is now, as it is said,made by the
friends of the measure, and was not made by the
friends of the measure on Friday. There is no
force in the suggestion, because, as I before re-
marked, the Senator from Pennsylvania, if he is
to be taken as an enemy of the measure, disclaimed
entirely any disposition to be upon the committee,
and requested not to be placed upon it. ThePres-
