1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
ident of the body would appoint the committee,
and there was no reason, in parliamentary usage
orotherwi.se, for supposing that there would be
a committee appointed other than a fair and im-
partial one, as friendly to the bill of the Senator
from Illinois as to the bill of the Senator from
Vermont, or Pennsylvania, or Wisconsin. There
can be no reason on earth for supposing- that the
Chair would undertake to discriminate in regard
to those particular measures, but he would en-
deavor to make up an able, competent committee.
By those principles the Chair would have been
governed on Friday; by them the Chair will be
governed to-day—no different rule. I say, then,
Mr. President, that an attempt to decide who are
for and who are against a particular measure by
a vote which they give on an incidental question
stiikes me as unwise and unsafe; and surely it is
not worth while for ud to interpret each other's
opinions, and especially each other's motives. It
was not alone the Senator from Ohio who thus
is enabled by a vote to determine what a mail's^
views are; the Senator from Illinois, who has
made several suggestions in the course of the mat-
ter, charged, I remember, the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] the other day, with being op-
posed to confiscation; and on being asked what
the evidence of that was, answered because he
voted for the reference on Friday last of these
measuies. It may be that that is conclusive. If
so, it places some gentlemen on the floor, who
have never as yet, I believe, agreed that they were
opposed to confiscation, and who were never, I
believe, charged by anybody with being oppo-
nents of confiscation, in a most unfortunate posi-
tion.
I think that at that time and now it is better that
a matter so complicated as this should go to a com-
mittee for preparation, that these several projects
may be digested and brought forward in proper
form and shape, but it is possible to go on with-
out; and having gone on several days without, as
I have before remarked, there is less necessity
now than then. Still lam inclined to think it will
be as well to have them now go to a cnmmiUco,
though 1 am by no means strenuous on the subject.
Mr. WADE. 1 have been a little surprised at
the course of remarks indulged in by several gen-
tlemen on account of what I said when I was up
before. I did regret most sincerely that we were
notable to pass an efficient confiscation bill. I
remarked, I think, that it would be the saddest
announcement to the country that had been made
for a long tune when it was found that we now
referred tin.i bill to a committee after four months'
discussion. I did not impugn the motives of any
man for the course he saw fit to take. I never do
that, whatever gentlemen may insinuate. I am
one of those who admit that every man has the
same honesty of purpose that I claim for myself.
Nor did 1 undertake to fix the status of any man
on the subject of confiscation. I did regret, and
I do regret, that there seems to be a majonty op-
posed to confiscation in any practicable form. I
have nobody to blame for it; because every man
has a right to his own opinions on the subject, as
I claim to have myself. I had not even said that
any man was opposed to confiscation. I did say
that, ftom the announcements made on this floor,
there were radical differences of opinion upon con-
stitutional grounds, and that I did not see how a
refeience to a committee could be of any service
to surmount those difficulties. If the difference
were simply as to the details of the measure, a
reference to a committee m-ight be of very great
advantage; but we differ on this question most
ladically upon principle. Here arc somccightor
nine different bills. The Senator from Vermont
has announced that he believes it is only consti-
tutional to take a man's property after you have
convicted him. That is his argument, in short,
as I understand him; and several other Senators
entertain the same opinion. Then why refer it
to e. committee ? The gentlemen \\ ho believe that,
are opposed to any practical measure, such as the
bill of the Senator fiom Illinois. I could not see,
therefoie, why it would be of any use to lefer it
to a i ommittee. A committee cannot fix the Con-
stitution for members of the Senate. It is a mat-
ter of conscience; a matter of oath; a matter that
gentlemen cannotsurmount. I blame no man for
his constitutional opinions; but I have regretted
that we did so differ that wc could not make an
efficient confiscation bill. I regret it now.
Gentlemen have spoken of the remark which I
made as to the vote on the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania being a test vote. I did not
rise here and state, as I say now, that the prop-
osition came from an enemy of the bill. 1 was
criticised severely for saying it, but the Senator
did not deny that he was an enemy of the bill; he
admitted that he was. 1 then warned my breth-
ren here who wished to go for an efficient confis-
cation bill to resist the attempt to refer it to a com-
mittee, because, in my judgment, it was fatal tp
the measure; and I said so. I did not pretend to
say that every one who voted for that proposition
was an enemy to confiscation, as the Senator from
Connecticut supposes I said. What I said was
that, in my judgment, at so late a period of the
session, after nearly four months' discussion of the
measure, if we should refer it to a new committee,
when it was seen how wc differed and upon what
principles we differed, it would be nugatory, other
things would intervene, your tax bill would be up,
the session would be advanced, a thousand rea-
sons would interfere why no efficient measure
could be passed after that; and I believe to-day
that the fac\ that this is going to a committee is
fatal to the measure. I am sorry that it is so; I
regret, as the people will regret, that gentlemen
so construe the Constitution that we have not a
majority here who will pass this measure. It will
be a sad announcement to the country to tell the
peopleHhat we are powerless to do anything in
this particular, for I know that they have been ex-
tremely anxious in regard to it, believing them-
selves that it was within our power to punish trai-
tors, and make their property indemnify us in
some measure for this rebellion, and for defend-
ing ourselves against it.
"That was about the course of remark in which
I indulged before; but 1 impugned nobody, and
I am astonished that men should rise heie and
insinuate that I did. They had a right to vote as
they pleased on that occasion; they have now. I
did not deny them that privilege. I am opposed
to this reference. I am opposed to it because I
think I foresee that it will result in nothing fa-
vorable to what I am exceedingly anxious for,
and that is an efficient bill to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels. That is what I want to see done.
I believe that at this late period the reference of
these measures to a committee will prevent ac-
tion. The Senator from Illinois well remarked
that a committee of five could not settle the Con-
stitution for fifty Senators. I do not believe it
will amount to anything; you will come out of
the committee just as you went in; no Senator,
who has constitutional scruples when you go in,
will have them removed when you come out, by
the finding of the committee, any more than by
arguments in the Senate. That is my judgment;
but I may be wrong. All I said about the vote
the other day being a test was this: 1 stated that
if tiie motion should prevail, in my judgment the
question of confiscation was gone, was rcndeied
null. That was my judgment, and there was no
man here who rose and said it would not be a test
for him. As all of you rested under the announce-
ment which I made that it would be considered a
test, I repeated it to-day. Nobody denied that it
would 1)0 a test; no Senator said it would be no
test fo. him. I thought it probable, then, under
those circumstances, that it was a kind of test.
That is all there is about it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed, as was suggested by the Chair, that on a
motion to commit, the merits of the subject-mat-
ter to be committed were not proper for discus-
sion, but it has received discussion with as much
latitude as was taken when the merits of the bill
and the vaiious amendments to it were properly
under discussion. When a Senator's bill and his
remarks or speech (if what I said on this question
may be called by that name) are commented upon
with freedom, it must be expected that he will
make a reply in some debtee at least, especially
if theie is anything in him to render a reason fur
the hope he entertains and the opinion he has. The
Senator fiom Illinois and the Senator from Ohio
talkaboutail who arc opposed to the bill reported
by the Senator from Illinois, or the essential feat-
ures of that bill, as opposed to any confiscation,
and they say that if any bill is presented which
does not come up to that, it is utterly inefficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said no such thing.
Mr. WADE. I did not say it; but I believe
the bill of the Senator from Vermont is inefficient,
utterly.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Ohio
expressed that opinion three or four times over;
he had a perfect right to express it, and give his
reason for it. Now, Mr. President, whether men
are in favor of confiscation or not, depends very
much upon the definition of the term; how you
use the word; in what sense you use it. If you
mean by confiscation that you may strip people
of their property by a law which shall execute
itself without any other means or mode of carry-
ing it into effect in a way which I regard as un-
constitutional, I am opposed to confiscation alto-
gether. If it be defined to be a stripping of the
people by calling them names, without ever try-
ing them whether they are guilty of these names
or not, so that the law shall execute itself—if con-
fiscation means that, then to be sure nobody can
be in favor of it unless he comes up to the bill
which gentlemen so strenuously urge. I know
there are confiscation bills of old. I called the at-
tention of the Senate recently to one instance in
the State of Georgia during the time of the Revo-
lution, and I think it was a fair specimen of the
others. It went on and named the persons A, B,
C, D, and E, to the number of one or two hun-
dred, and said they were regarded as being guilty
of rebellion or toryism against the Government of
the United States. As 1 called attention lately to
the character of that confiscation bill, which is
really and truly a confiscation bill,perhaps I had
better read it as I have it here. It is in these
words:
"Whereas, on the IstdayofMarch, which was in the year
of our Loid 1778, an act was passed foi attainting certain
persons theiein mentioned uf tieason, and confiscating tlicir
estates loi the u«e and benefit of this State, which act has
not asyet been canted into full execution ; and whereas it
is necessaiy ttiat the name-* ot the said persons so attainted
by the said act r-hould be insetted in a law, witii the names
of vanous other persons who have since the afoiesaid time
been guilty of treason against this State, and the authority
of the same, by tiairoiously adhering to tin: King of Great
Butain, and by aiding, assisting, abottuisr, and comforting
the geneials and other officers, civil and niihtaiv, oflhesaid
king, to ent'oice lus amhoiity in and over tins' Stare, and
the good people of the samo; and whereas the said trea-
sons' iiave been followed with a "-cries of murders, rapine,
and devastation, as cruel as they were unnecessary, where-
by order and justice weie banished the land."
And so on, speaking of the evils which gentle-
men have so often recapitulated here, and then it'
proceeds;
'* And whereas the aforesaid trra-onp and other atrocious
crimes justly merit a forteitute of pioteetion and property :
" Be it cnacted by the representatives of the fieemen of
the Stale of Georgia in General JlwinMy met, and by the
authority of the same, That all ami each of the following
poisons,\iz: ior Chatham, Sir James Wright, Bart., John
Gtaham, Alexander Wnght, Lachlan McGillivray, John
ISIuii vne, Jonah Tatnali, Basil Cowper"—
And so on, enumerating the names through two
whole pages—
" be and they are heieby declared to be banished from this
State foiever; and it any of the aforesaid persons shall re-
main in this State sixty days after the passing of this act,
or shall jeturn to this State, the Governor or commander-
in-chief for the tune being is hereby authorized and re-
quited to came the persons so lemaming in or returning to
this State to be apprehended and committed to jail, there
to lemain without bail or muinprize until a convenient op-
pominy *hall offer for tian<porting the said person or per-
sons beyond the seas to some part of the British king's
dominions, which the Goveinoi oreommander-in clnoffor
the time being is hereby lequtrod to do ; and if any of the
said persons shall leturn to this State after such transporta-
tion, then, and m such ease, lie or they shall be adjudged,
and they heieby are deelaie'd to be gtaltv of felony, nnd
shall, on conviction of their having so leturned as aforesaid,
suffer di'.ith without benefit of eleriry.
'•5. Jlnd he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
Tnat all and singular the estates,'real and personal, of each
and eveij. of the afoiesaid poisons winch they held, pos-
seted, or were entitled to m law or equity, on the 19th day
of April, 17'/j;"—
That was three years previous—
iCoi which they have held since, or do hold in possession,
or othets hold in trust for them, ot to which they ate or
may be entitled in law or equity, or whu h they may have,
hold, or be possessed of in nght or otheis. together with ail
debts, dues, demand*, of whatever naunc, that me or may
he owing to the aforesaid persons, oi either of them, he con-
fiscated to and for the use and benefit of this State, and the
moneys aiising fiom the sales which shall take place by
virtue of and in puwinnce ot this act. to be applied to such
uses and purposes as thoLt-'gislatme bhail hereafter ducet."
Thus it will be perceived that they attaint the
persons dircctly, say they are guilty of treason,
name them, confiscate their estates and all the
estates they had at any time for three years pre-
vious, and order them to be transported without
the country, and to remain out of the country.
That is a confiscation bill. I submit to any and
