1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2921
And, as has been most clearly and forcibly stated
by the able, distinguished,and venerable Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] the prohibitions
were inserted because it was foreseen that occa-
sions would arise when Congress would think it
necessary to exercise the forbidden powers; when
the strongest temptation to their exercise would
exist; when popular clamor might demand their
exercise; and when the danger of their possession
would be enhanced just in proportion to the in-
tensity of popular feeliugand resentments. These
restrictions were not provided for periods of tran-
quillity, when all the departments of Government
would be moving smoothly and safely in their le-
gitimate spheres, without temptation to reach for
and 2;rasp powers which did not belong to them,
but for times of turbulence and danger, when in-
flamed passion would overridereason,and resent-
ment dethrone discretion and justice. It is no an-
swer and no argument to say that it appears to us
to be both necessary and just to confiscate, abso-
lutely, the property of traitors, or to impose fines
which, "in their sweeping extent, shall practi-
cally take all their property, real and personal,'*
in punishment of their great crime. It wns for this
very reason, that it might seem to us necessary
and just, and because the great and wise patriots,
sages, and statesmen of the Revolution, who had
had practical experience of the effects ofsuch meas-
ures through all the stormy years of struggle for
independence through which they had just passed,
had been taught by that experience that they were
neither necessary nor just, that the power to adopt
them, when we might want to adopt them, was
withheld from us. it would have been foolish to
forbid a power to Congress which Congress would
never want to assert; and it was precisely for the
reason that it was believed the time would come
when the Congress would want to do the prohib-
ited things that the power to do them was denied.
Now, to assert that this rebellion cannot be sup-
pressed without a resort to measures which we
have no power under the Constitution to adopt,
is to concede the success of the rebellion, to admit
that the Constitution is overthrown, and the Gov-
ernment a failure. It is to admit that the aspira-
tionsof our fathers were but thedreams of-enthu-
siasts, and that the institutions they founded,
though flourishing for a time while the skies were
clear and calm, have been prostrated in ruin by
the first storm of faction that broke upon them.
This I am not willing to concede. The legitimate
and acknowledged powers of the Government,
under the Constitution, are fully adequate to all
the necessities of self-defense, protection, and per-
petuation, if we will only give them fair play—
only confine each department to its own orbit, let
it work with its own instrumentalities, and pre-
vent collisions which shall disturb and unsettle
the delicately adjusted balance. To save the Gov-
ernment we must save the Constitution. When
the Constitution is given up atld we have to resort
to means outside of it, the Government is given up
with it. There is an end of it. Some sort of polit-
ical organization may still exist, some sort of po-
litical machinery may take its place; but it will
no longer be the Government of our fathers. Its
whole essence and structure will be changed. No
landmarks, no guides, no guarantees will he left,
and no citizen will know Ins rights or duties, ex-
cept as they are declared from day to day by the
capricious, unsteady, unregulated, and irrespon-
sible will of Congress.
Now, Mr. President, when we shall deliberately
have carried into a law the assertion that there is
no limitation, except the will of Congress, " to
the amount of fine which may be imposed for
crime," we have gone far, very far, in the work
of demolition. We have thrust one supporting
stone from the arch. Segregation will have be-
gun, and all the separate parts of the structure
must soon fall asunder. And how easily, how
naturally, how necessarily this system of reason-
ing, when once adopted, leads its votary on, step
by step, to the denial or perversion of all that has
been regarded as settled by the jurisprudence of
the past, and drives him into a legal labyrinth,
from which his only guide is the threat of the in
rem! All proceedings in rem for the condemnation
of captures have heretofore rested upon the guilt
of the thing proceeded against. I am not aware
of an exception. The honorable Senator admits
that this is so, and then, to maintain a show of
consistency, proceeds in an effort to prove that
all the property of a traitor participates his guilt,
and is all, therefore,liable to be proceeded against
in rem, and absolutely confiscated, wholly irre-
spective of proceedings in personam against the
guilty owner.
Mr. President, I certainly intend to treat the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts and his
opinions with the greatest possible respect, and
trust that I am guilty of no discourtesy when I
ask whether anything can be moie fallacious or
more dangerous than his reasoning upon this sub-
ject. He says:
" Through his property tlie traitor is enabled to devote
himself to treason, and to follow its accursed tiade, waging
war agam?t Ins country, so that liis propeity may be con-
sidered guilty also."
This one bricfsentence sweeps away the ancient
basis of proceedings in rem, and lays a new foun-
dation upon entirely new principles. It is no
longer a question of the actual participation of the
property in guilt, but the guilt of the property in
all cases is to be inferred from the guilt of the
owner, however innocent and impassive the prop-
erty may be, and however far separated from its
owner and the theater of his crime. I beseech of
the Senator to pause and review his doctrines, and
earnestly to contemplate the dangerous issues to
which they lead. Is it any more true of the trai-
tor than it i-sof the thief, the burglar, or the mur-
derer, that hi&property enables him to devote him-
self to crime, "and follow its accursed trade?"
The man without property may shoulder his mus-
ket and levy war against his country. The man
of wealth may do the same thing, but his wealth
enables him to engage others in the same work.
The man without property may devote himself to
the work of robbery orassassination. So may the
man of wealth, buthe has the means of suborning
others as confederates in wickedness and crime.
There is absolutely and positively no difference in
the effect produced by treason upon the property
of the offender and the effect produced by any
other crime; and if treason subjects all the prop-
erty of the offender to he proceeded against in rem
for the punishment of theowner, withoutany ref-
erence to the uses to which the property has been
applied, the same effectmnst be produced, and the
same consequences ensue, to all the property of
every other public offender, whatever his crime
may be. Neither the Constitution nor law recog-
nizes anydistinctionin this regard between treason
and other crimes. If, then, we accept the law as
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts, a to-
tal revolution is wrought in our criminal juris-
prudence, and, in despite of all the safeguards of
the Constitution, proceedings in personam for the
punishment of crime may be totally ignoied, and
punishment inflicted by proceeding against prop-
erty alone; or, what is yet worse, by punishing
the same act twice, by separate proceedings, either
simultaneously or at different times, against both
person and property.
Confiscation of property for the crime of the
owner, cannot be effected by proceedings in rem,
but can follow only upon the personal conviction
of the offender, in punishment of his crime. The
law upon this subject is stated with so much force
and perspicuity by Judge Sprague,in his opinion
recently delivered m the case of the Amy War-
wick, that I venture to ask the attention of the
Senate to a consideration of his views. He says:
"Another objection to those decisions of tlie dMiict
couit® is founded upon the apprehension that they may load
to oi countenance ciuel and impolitic confiscations of pu-
vate property found on land. This appiehension is un-
founded. No such consequence can legitimately follow.
Those decisions undoubtedly assert that the United States
have the rights of belligerents. But the extent of lliove
right-, on land, or the manner m which they weie to bo ex
ercist;d, was not di-cus ed. They were not even adverted
to, except to say lhat enemy's property found by a bel-
ligerent on land, within his own countiy, on the breaking
out ot a war, will not be condemned by the corn ts although
it would be if found al riea. Thi«? distinction, so tar as. it
goes tends to show th.it the doch ine of maritime captures is
not to be applied to seizin es on land. But the danger upon
which this objection is founded does not arise from the ad-
ministration ot thp prize laws by the courts, or the. exercise
of belligerent right- by military commanded upon nniitaiy
exigencies. The objection really arises from fear o/ the le-
gislation of Congress. It h apprehended that they may pass
sweeping or general acts of confiscation, to take piactical
effect only alter the lebelhon  hail have been suppressed ;
lliat whole estates, real and personal, which have not been
seized duinig tlie war, may be taken and confiscated upon
coming within the reach of the Government, after hostilities
shall have ceased This, as we have seen, would not be
the exercise of belligerent right*, the war being at an end.
Belligerent confiscations take effect only upon "propeity of
which possession is taken during the. war. As against piop-
erty which continue1? under the control of the enemy they
aie wholly inoperative. If possession be acquired by oi af-
ter the peace, then pervious* legislation may take ("fleet, but
it will be by the right of sovereignty, not as an act of war.
Under despotic Governments the power of municipal con-
fiscation may he unlimited, butunder our Government the
right ofsoveieignty over any portion of a State is givn and
1 limited by the Constitution, and wdl he the same aftei the
war as it was before. When the United States take po«-
se?sion of any rebel di&trict they acquire no new title, but
merely vindicate that which previously existed, and aie to
do only what is necet-saty for that puiposc. CoH^scah'ons
of property, not for any use that has been made, of it, which
go not against an offending thing, but are inflicted for the
personal delinquency of the owner, are punitive ; and pun-
ishment should be inflicted only upon due conviction of per-
sonal guilt.''
Without multiplying authorities, I may safely
say that this is undeniably the law. I do not un-
derstand the Senator to deny that it js the law.
Indeed, he distinctly admits that " the reason for
proceedings in rem is" " that tlie thing is in a cer-
tain sense an offender, or at least lias cooperated
with the offender, as in the case of a ship in tlie
slavetrade." Admitting the law and the restraints
of the Constitution, for they cannot be denied, he
simply advises that we shall disregard them both.
He spurns everything which stands in the way
of his wishes, and boldly and defiantly asserts
that the Constitution gives to the citizens of this
country no guarantees which Congress is bound
to respect. This is his language:
"Glonous as it is that the citizen is suirounded by the
safeguards of the Constitution, yet this rule is suspended
by wai, winch brings into being other lights, which know
no master.
Among the other safeguards with which the
Constitution lias surrounded the citizen, are the
following:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or piohibiting tliefiee ex<*ici c thereof; oi
abridging the freedom of speech or the press ; oi the ii<rht of
the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Gov-
ernment for a redress ot grievances."
According to the Senator these are all sus-
pended; and to-day Congress may pass laws
establishing a national religion, prohibiting the
free exercise of religion, abridging the freedom of
speech and of the press, and punching the people
for peaceably assembling to petition for redress
of grievances. If all these safeguards are super-
seded, why not ? What is to hinder if the dispo-
sition to do so shall chance to exist? I cannot
hear such doctrines deliberately announced upon
the floor of the American Senate without ihemost
serious alarm, and being forced to ask myself,
where are we drilting?
Mr. SUMMER. Does the Senator attribute any
such doctiines to me? They exist only in his own
imagination, not in anything I have ever con-
ceived, certainly not in anything I have ever ut-
tered. I have simply said that the rights of war
are without any limitations in the Constitution.
The rights of the citizen are always under the safe-
guard of the Constitution; and now that we are
engaged in war we have no more power as regards
the citizen to establish a national religion or to sus-
pend any of those other safeguards, than we have
in time of peace. 1 never conceived any such idea,
nor has any tin ng ever fallen from me winch could
have given rise to such an idea,
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I read again
m the hearing of tiie Senate and the Senator his
own language:
"Glorious as it is that the citizen is surrounded by the
saleguaids of the Constitution, yetthts mle is&uipended by
war, winch bringo into being othei rights, which know no
master."
Mr. SUMNER. That is, the rights of war; I
speak only of the rights of war; I do not allude to
anything else under the Constitution. The rights
of war, 1 say, know no master.
Mr. BROWNING. " Glorious as it is that the
citizen is surrounded by the safeguards of the
Constitution, yet this rule is suspended."
And what are these other rights brought into
being "which know no mastei?" And with whom
arc they deposited, and by whom are they to be
exercised? Not the people, for if this new doc-
trine be true, all the safeguards which the Con-
stitution provided for them are superseded. It«is
Congress which is to " know no master." It is
Congress which is to pursue its objects outside
of the Constitution, and to dominate over every-
thing and everybody, with no guarantees forany-
thing or anybody, except its own moderation and
forbearance.
May I not conclude that the Senator himself is
