2922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
convinced that the measures ho proposes and the
bill he advocates cannot be passed under and in
harmony with the Constitution? If he believed
that he could accomplish his ends without depart-
ing from the Constitution or infringing its pro-
visions, would he ever have ventured to
shelter under the dangerous, radical, and revolu-
tionary doctrine that the safeguards with which
the Constitution has surrounded the people are
superseded; that other rights, which know no
master, are brought into being; and that Congress
may pursue its objectsoutside of the Constitution?
It was not without surprise that I heard the Sen-
ator announce the double character of the rebels
as a discovery which relieved the subject of all
difficulty and embarrassment, and placed the pow-
ers which he claims for Congress beyond further
question. Who lias discussed this question with-
out looking at them in the double aspect of crim-
inals and enemies? He says:
" Regarding the icbels as criminals, you may so pursue
and punish tlicm."
This nobody doubts or controverts. But re-
garding them ns criminals, how are you to " pur-
sue ami punish them?" With sword and muslcct
and bayonet? With measures of "confiscation,
contribution,and liberation?" No, sir; but in con-
formity with the modes prescribed by (he Consti-
tution and laws. By indictment, nrrest, and trial
before n jury of the country; and, when convicted,
by inflicting the punishment previously ascer-
tained and denounced by the law. When this is
done, the power of punishment of the offender as
a criminal is exhausted. As criminals you cannot
confiscate their property, nor puisne them with
bills of attainder and outlawry. And this is all
the answer I desire to give to this suggestion.
The gentleman proceeds:
"Regarding [hem ns enemies, you niny blast tlicm with
that suiinn.uy ven^eaitei: wlneli is among the (head agen-
cies of war."
Here I will have 110 controversy with the Sen-
ator. i accept the proposition as sound and true,
mid in exact harmony with the Constitution and
international law. It is precisely what those of
ua who oppose this bill have contended for from
the. beginning; and if we will adopt and act upon
this principle we will not hesitate to cease the con-
troversy here, and let all these confiscation bills
go. For the present we must regard the rebels as
enemies, and pursue them with " the diead agen-
cies ol war." To enable us to do, and do it most
efficiently, no such legislation is demanded.
"The. dread agencies of war" already exist.
It is only necessary to grasp and wield them; and
that is an executive and not a legislative function,
i cannotgive my assent to the dangerons doctrine,
now, I believe, for the first time distinctly put for-
ward, that Congress has coordinate powers with
the President in the execution of the laws of war.
It will be observed that the question now made
is not as to whether the property of rebels shall
he subjected to confiscation, nor to what extent
confiscation shall take place, if resorted to at all,
but one of far greater magnitude, namely, who
shall conduct the active operations of war, and
determine upon and enforce military necessities?
If the doctrines contended for be true, the Pres-
ident is stripped of his most valuable prerogatives;
he ccases to bo a check upon legislative power;
ceases, in (act, to lie a coordinate department of
the Government. He will no longer be supreme
under the Constitution 111 hi* constitutional sphere,
but will be reduced to pitiable dependence upon
the will of Congress, possessing and exercising
only such powers as Congicss chooses to concede"
and at such time and in such manner as Congress
may think pi oper to prescribe. When this is done
the revolution will be complete. The Govern-
ment will no longer be the Government which was
evolved from the convulsions of 1776, and trans-
mitted to us by our fathers, and we will have but
little left worth struggling for. In comparison
with the triumph of this doctrine, the success of
the rebellion would be insignificant in radical,
startling, and permanent damage to republican
institutions.
^ The Senator has carefully avoided any discus-
sion,or even expression of opinion upon the ques-
tion of the relation which the rebels sustain tons
during the continuance of the war. We must
recognize them in some distinctive character, and
d^lwul. them accordingly, conceding to them
all the rights which pertain to that "chaiacter.
The Senator felt the embarrassment of this, and
struggled with it, I think ineffectually, through-
out his speech. If the character of public enemies
is conceded, then, while the war lasts, we must
pursue them with " the dread agencies of war,"
and with them alone; and I have endeavored to
show, and think I have shown, that the right to
use these is deposited in other hands than those
of Congress. If the character of enemies is de-
nied, and that of criminals alone accorded, then
we cannot pursue them with the " dread agencies
of war." We can use no more force against
them than is necessary to arrest them and bring
them to trial according to the provisions and re-
quirements of the Constitution 4nd laws.
The Senator says:
" Standing, as we do, face to face with enemies who are
striking at the life of the Republic, 11 is painful to find our-
selves subjected to ail tJio embariassinents of a eiiminal
proceeding, as if this war was an indictment, and the Army
and Navy of the United States, now mustered on land arid
sea, was only a posse cvmilatus
This, sir, is precisely the character tp which
the arguments and measures of the Senator would
degrade the Army and Navy. It is, indeed, the
exact proposition he makes. In a subsequent
part of his speech he says:
<£ Or, regarding them both a« criminals and enemies, you
may marshal against thein all the double penalties ot re-
bellion and ol war, or, better still, the penalties of rebel-
lion and the triumphs of war."
Now, If they are to be dealt with as criminals,
our only "triumphs of war" must be the tri-
umphs of arrest by the posse comitatus, that the
offender may be handed over to the judicial tiibu-
nals, there to be pursued, according to law, with
the penalties of the law.
This cannot be done. It would be a violation
of all the laws of civilized warfare. We cannot
capture them as enemies in war, and proceed at
once to punish them as criminals under the muni-
cipal laws. Would the gentleman himself consent
that his theory should be reduced to practice?
Will he advise that all those who have been cap-
tured 011 the field of battle, as prisoners of war,
shall now, while the war yet rages, be indicted,
convicted, and executed as traitors? Does he not
know that this is utterly impracticable ? Does he
not know that one such execution by us would be
the signal for retaliation by them upon our own
soldiers, who, by the chances and casualties of
war, are now prisoners ill their hands? And
wlwn they had dared to drag one of our brave
and patriotic, soldiers to the gallows, and hang him
up as a felon, could we retrace our steps? Could
we tamely submit to the outrage? Would we dare
submit? Submission would annihilate our Army,
ruin our cause, and bring upon us the deserved
contempt of the world. We would be forced by
every consideration of self-respect and self-pres-
ervation to resent the act by retaliation. The in-
evitable and shocking result would be the brutal
and merciless butchery of all prisoners on both
sides, and to intensify the Avar, and imbue it with
a cruelty, vindictiveness, and ferocity surpassing
the murderous and bloody warfare of savages, and
to make reunion and fraternity among our un-
happy people an impossibility in all time to come.
When the war is ended, and the rebellion sup-
pressed, we may then resume dominion over the
rebels as citizens, and indict, try, and punish them
for their treason to any extent which may be
deemed wise and necessary. But then we must
abandon the agencies of war. We cannot pursue
and capture them as enemies, and at the same time
try and execute them as criminals. We cannot
marshal against them at the same time the "dou-
ble penalties" of war and the criminal code. It is
neither lawful nor expedient to do so; and the at-
tempt only embarrasses and bewilders.
The Senator says:
w Dwe.lini" 011 ttiesc tiling, t feel humbled tiiat the course
01 the debate lia- imposed upon me any such nece.~r.ity "
' necessity referred to is that declared on the
threshold of his speech, of opening '• the question
111 such a way as to exhibit clearly all the points in
isnic.
It must he a happy state of mind which enables
one to abase himself for the short-comings of his
neighbors, and thank God that he is not as other
men. lie who has attained to such a state of per-
fection as to justily him in doing so, must be ap-
pioaching his apotheosis, and rapidly ver'nn^ to
the point when lie.shatl be withdrawn from con-
taminating contact with the world. I
The Senator is humbled by the course of debate
pursued by his brother Senators in this Chamber,
and deplores the necessity imposed upon him of
exhibiting " clearly all the points in issue." He
speaks ex cathedra, and when he has spoken, there
is an end of it. The debate is closed. He has
" exhibited clearly all the points in issue." There
is nothing further to be said. Who can have the
presumption, the audacity, to doubt as to the
course to be pursued, or continue the discussion,
after his oracular enunciation of the law? Listen
and be enlightened. He says:
" In point of law" * * * * "we may treat
the people engaged against us as criminals, or as enemies,
or, if we please, as botli."
But shall we treat them as criminals or as ene-
mies? That is the question, and the question whi&h
remains unanswered by the Senator.
If we treat them as criminals, then we are under the
restraints of the Constitution."
Who has contended for more? Who has as-
serted more ? This is one of the very propositions
the advocacy of which by others has so humbled
him.
"If we treat them as enemies,then we have all the lati-
tude sanctioned by the rights of war."
Of this who has made any question? Who that
has taken part in this discussion has not only
affirmed it, but earnestly urged the vigorous em-
ployment of all the most terrible agencies of war
to vanquish our enemies and crush the rebellion?
Who has humbled him by a denial of this right?
" If we treat them as both, [enemies and criminals,] ilien
wc combine our penalties tr'om the double sources."
Here I take issue with the Senator, and deny,
in the most emphatic terms, that we may, at the
same time, treat them both as enemies and crim-
inals, and " combine our penal ties from the double
sources."
I have already remarked briefly on this point,
and will not now dwell upon it longer. This is
the main feature of his theory, and to enable him
to attain the object he has most at heart it is ne-
cessary that he shall maintain it. His effoit to do
so was able and ingenious. He will paidon me
for saying in my opinion it was far from success-
ful. . When we treat the rebels as criminals he
admits that we are "under the restraints of the
Constitution." If we treat them as enemies then
we pursue them with "the dread agenciesof war;"
but these must be wielded by the Army, and not
by Congress. If wc elect to treat them as the one
or the other, in neither event can the power be
claimed for Congress to do the act and reach the
end at which the Senator is aiming; and it is to
escape this difficulty, and open a now source of
power for Congress, that he has taxed his talents
and his learning, and been driven, in despite of
them both, to theextraordinary proposition to treat
them at the same time both as enemies and crim-
inals, and from this makes the illogical deduction
that, as in the one character they cannot be pur-
sued with war, and in the other cannot be pursued
in the courts, that therefore Congress displaces
both the Executive and the judiciary, and acquires
absolute and unlimited control over them in both
characters, and may proceed to do any and every-
thing which we may suppose to be necessary,
whether meeting the sanction of the Constitution
or not.
The effort to maintain this proposition lias
involved the Senator's argument m inextricable
confusion. Let me group together a few passages
culled from different parts of his speech. These
are his words:
,,n','i,''LCVfyKGoyCrnl"e,".t by a vvl"f°n constitution
co t iT t;Can >> nc w ^ ^ 111 contoiinitv with-the
t,',nvc K°IM' outsiclc of.the Constitution to
< s. wai upon their country. It is fo  us to pursue them
a* (Miemius outside ot tiie Coitstituiion, when; tliev have
wickedly placed themselves, and where the Constitution
concilia in placing them aNo."
We, sir, are bound by a. written Constitu-
tion, and it is admitted that nothing can be don*)
by us not in conformity with the Constitution,"
and yet we are told by the same authority it js our
duty to " pursue the rebels outside of the Consti-
tution." Can it be necessary to repeat what has
not been denied, and what, I apprehend, will not
be denied, that Congress possesses no power, and
can cxrrcise no power, not granted by the Con-
stitution ? This beiuo true, Congress can pursue
no object outside of the Constitution without dis-
rcgaiding the Constitution, and usurping power
