1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
lawful authority of the United States, and deposed or driven
off its otficeis, piactically severed the ties and abrogated
and repealed all laws that bound the State to the Geneial
Government of the United States. All this wan done, foi
aught that is shown to the contrary, with the approval and
concurrence of a very large majority of the people, and
without the effective opposition of any of them/'
Now, sir, I undertake to demonstrate that there
never was a greater fallacy than that here put
forth. Will it be maintained here that because the
seventh district of Virginia was in the hands of
disloyal men, therefore the loyal men in the dis-
trict had no right to make themselves heard here,
and that we ought not to hear them?
How is it in the other branch of Congress ? Is
Virginia now represented in the Senate through
the votes of a majority of her people? Do her
Senators speak there their own voice only or the
voice of the State? They have been admitted there,
although it is known that a majority of the people
have not by any act of theirs, director indirect, sent
them. We haveadmiued membeisfiom that State
here because wc believe that the majority arc at
present in a state of suppressed or suspended po-
litical animation; that they cannot speak; that
they dare not speak; and because when men come
forward, no matterundcr what irregular proceed-
ings or organization or provisional government,
they are presumed to represent correctly the dor-
mant or stifled sentiment of their districts. And
yet what a small proportion of the State of Vir-
ginia would any member in the other branch of
Congress pretend to represent territorially. So
precisely here. Although the voters of the sev-
enth district, consulting their own safety, taking
counsel of their timidity, thought it best to waive,
for the time being, the assertion of their rights at
the polls, which might involve the halter on*thc
confiscation of their property, they were willing
that the risk should be run by my friend here,
who, more courageous than they, stood up to his
duty, and, as Throckmorton says, for weeks be-
fore the famous ordinance of secession passed, ran
up the stars and stripes over his own homestead,
and proclaimed that if no other place in the whole
territory of Virginia were true to its ancient loy-
alty and to the flag of the Union, he at least
remained constant.
I feel that no member of the House can fail to
admire that sort not only of physical but of moral
courage; and it is this admiration which will not
permit me to sit here in silence. I have known
the sitting memberfrom the time he first took his
seat here; I have known him on committee; I
know him as an intelligent man, and one who is
worthy to be associated with his peers in this
House. T-Iis character has been amply vouched
by his former acquaintances, now his colleagues
here, and by others who have known him in every
relation oflife. But! know that appeals on grounds
of social and intellectual qualities merely must be
as distasteful to him as they are illegitimate in the
way of argument.
I theicfore pass on to consider and bring to the
attention of the House the varied evidences of
duress which kept down the manifestation of loyal
sentiment among the people of the seventh district
of Virginia before, at, and after this election. In
that connection I shall mention some names lately
become notorious; and with this view 1 desire to
call attention to the history of events m the State
of Virginia during the short period between the
4th of February and the 23d of May. It will be
borne in mind that on the 4th of February dele-
gates were elected to a convention of the State of
Vngma. On the 13th of February that conven-
tion had its first meeting. It was reported to be
for the Union by some sixty thousand majority.
The first act of the convention indicated that the
Union sentiment prevailed in the proportion of
about one hundred and ten to some forty. I do
not know that anything of a peculiar chauicter
transpired in March. Then came Apiil. In the
mean time, an ex-Pi esident of the Republic, John
Tyler, was here attending a peace convention,
professedly in the councils of the Union party, and
desirous of preserving the integrity ot the Repub-
lic. Then, shortly and rapidly, came a change in
the sentiment of the convention. On the 17th day
of April the ordinance of secession was passed.
On the 22d of April General Lee was^putin com-
mand of the army and navy of the State of Vir-
ginia. On the 24th the officers of the State as-
sumed supreme authority. On that s.imedav the
convention passed an oidinance declaring—tor the
purpose of preventing any courageous gentleman
like the sitting member here from putting himself
before the people—that all voting for members of
Congress should be prohibited. It is in these
terms:
"The election for members of Congress for this State to
the House of Representatives of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, required by law to be held on the fourth Thurs-
day in Mav next, is hereby suspended and prohibited until
othciwisc oidained by this convention."
See how adroitly they did this. Coming into
convention with a large Union majority, they pro-
fessed to submit the ordinance of secession to the
people of Virginia; and yet, within one week, they
passed another ordinance, by which it was pre-
sumed and assumed that the ordinance of seces-
sion would be carried, and that there would not
be found loyal men enough in Virginia to send a
Representative to the Federal Congress. They
therefore suspended the State law and prohibited
anyelection. Now,in what position did that place
the timid men of Virginia? Why, if they acted
in defiance of this ordinance, and if the ordinance
of secession wereadopted,they would have placed
their necks in the halter and have subjected then-
property to confiscation. That was the duress
laid on them as early as the 24th of April. My
friend had property. He had ties and rights as
dear to him as any head of a family in that ancient
Commonwealth. But he set at naught this ordi-
nance; he set at naught this supplementary act,
and he took the same view of all the ordinances
and acts of rebel legislation which the Federal Ad-
ministration has taken, from that time to this. He
stood on the theory that the ordinance of seces-
sion, and all other ordinances and laws disquali-
fying members or prohibiting their election were
an utter nullity. Is there any question that he was
right in this? I, for one, embrace most cheerfully
this theory of our President and his Cabinet, and
expect at no distant day to be called on to_apply
to a variety of rebel legislation the very principle
on which the gentleman acted. Asa man of Mas-
sachusetts, I confess I see no other so practical a
method of lestoration of seceded States as to fall
back on the utter futility of every ordinance of
secession and every law passed in pursuance
thereof. I regard them as nullities—all. I believe
that when the States resume their orbits again
around the Federal center—as I trust, from the
signs of the times, they speedily will do—in fra-
ternity and good accord, it will be by assuming
that there has not been the first shadow of validity
from the time of the first ordinance of secession
down to the last law or ordinance passed as acces-
sory thereto. Upon this theory, and upon this
alone, may we look for a restoration of the old
Union, and to a return of the thirty-four States in
all their original features and identity, and with
the glorious associations of the past. Acting on
this theory, I cannot permit myself to doubt that
in a brief period we shall welcome back, not only
Tennessee, then North Carolina and Georgia, until
ultimately the galaxy shall be restoicd.
Now, because my friend here chose to stand on
the nullity of the ordinance of secession, and on
the nullity of the acts passed under it, are we to
turn him out of his seat on the ground that he had
but ten votes, when, too, he only was " faithful
among the faithless found?"
Hut I am now on the question of duress. I have
shown how the convention of Virginia not only
passed an ordinance of secession, referring it to
the people, but also, as if they distrusted the
people, passed an ordinance prohibiting them in
advance fiom voting for members of Congress.
Rut my friend here defied them. Here are two
or three very interesting letters. I ask how many
members have read what is to me one of the most
interesting reports ever laid on my desk—the re-
port of the evidence m this case. I repeat again,
sir, it contains but twenty pages, and I see not
ho w members can excuse themselves, when voting
on this question, without having scrutinized this
evidence. Look at the Alexandria Gazette of the
37th of May—six days before the gentleman put
himself before the voters of his district for elec-
tion. An article reads thus:
the convention of Virginia has by oi di nance declared
that no election foi member of Congress shall be held m
tliis State at the enMimg election, as that oidmaneo the
law of tin' Stare, as an attempt to n-Mst or contravene the
ordinance would he highlj illegal and nnpropei, we _tru<t
that no on''will countenance this proceeding by taiung a
\ote oi holding ■< poll , and we have no doubt that Iho-e
who uie nor in t.ivor ot •seees&ion will themselves condemn
most pointedly that which can only promise mischief and
bring trouble upon parties persisting in being concerned in
it."
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman has re-
marked that he thinks no member ought to vote
in this case who has not carefully read the report
of the Committee of Elections, and every line of
the testimony in this case. I differ with my friend
somewhat, in regard to this matter, and suggest
to him that inasmuch as the gentleman from yir-
finia has a seat on this floor, no gentleman, who
as not carefully read the report and evidence,
and has not come to the conclusion that he is not
entitled to his seat, shall vote to oust him from it.
I think that is the light in which he ought to put it.
Mr. DELANO. I accept the suggestion of the
gentleman. But what I am upon just now is the
Alexandria Gazette, of May i7. The editor of
that paper, to whom my friend here appealed, and
through whose columns he hoped to reach the
voters of the district, made a promise that his no-
tice of intention to become a candidate should be
published; but when the day of publication came
there was a virtual refusal to publish the notice.
The duress had begun to take effect in that quar-
ter. The editor on that day says:
" As tho convention of Virginia has, by ordinance, de-
claied that no election for membeis of Congress shall be
held in this State at the ensuing election, as that ordinance
is the law of the State, as an attempt to resi&t or contra-
vene the ordinance would be highly illegal and improper,
we hope that no one will countenancc this proceeding by
taking a vote or holding a poll."
Thus we have confessedly the leading paper of
the district urging the voters of the district to ab-
sent themselves from the polls at that time.
Then, the Fairfax County Newsof the same day,
alluding to the prohibitory ordinance, says:
<• The obedience of every citizen of the State is not only
due to the above, rhe sovereign act of the Commonwealth,
but is enforced hy the pains ami penalties of the lawagainst
treason."
Here, sir, are two papers, and the only papers
to which ho could appeal for the publication of his
notice and address to the people, both of them,
from timidity or indifference, or having gone over
to the rebel cause, refusing to allow him access to
their columns for the purpose of reaching the ear
of the people of the district.
But there is a more interesting document still,
which I shall ask to have read at the Clerk 5s desk—
the letter of Senator Mason, giving his views as
to the propriety and danger of voting at this time.
Observe, it was circulated in Upton's district the
day before election, and when read, sir, I wish to
ask whether the House is prepared to indorse such
advice to the people of the seventh congressional
district of Virginia.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Winchester, Virginia, May 16,1861.
To the editor of the Winchester Vhginian ;
Tho question has been frequently put to me, what posi-
tion will Viigima occupy should the ordinance of secession
be rejected hy the people at the approaching clecuon? And
the frequency of the question may be an excuse for giving
publicity to the answer.
The ordinance of secession withdrew the State of Vir-
ginia from the Union, with all the consequences resulting
fiom the separation It annulled the Constitution and the
laws of the United States within the limits of this State,
and absolved the citizens of Virginia fiom all obligation ot
obedicnce to them.
Hence it follows, if this ordinance be rejected by the peo-
ple, the State of Virginia will remain in the Union, and the
people of the State will remain bound by the Constitution
of the United States, and obedience to the Goveinmentand
laws of the United States will be fully and rightfully en-
forced against them.
It follows, of course, that in the war now carried on by
the Government of the United States against the seceded
States. Virginia mu*t immediately change sides, and under
the oi tins of that Government turn her arms against her
southern sisters.
Fiom this theie can be no escape. As a member ot the
Union, all her resources, of men and money will be at once
at the command of the Government of the Union.
Again: for mutual defense, immediately after the ord-
inance of secession passed, a treaty or u military league"
was foi mod by the convention, in the name of the people
of Vngima, with the "confedeiate States" ot the South,
bv which tho latter wete bound to maich to the aid of our
State against the invasion of the Frdeial Government. And
wc have now in Virginia, at Harper'^ Ferry and at Nor-
folk m face of the common foe, several thousand ot the
wallant sons of South Carolina, of Alabama, of Louisiana,
Georgia, and Mi^if^ippi, who hastened to fulfill the cove-
nant thev made, ami are readv and ea^er to lay down their
lives, side by side with oui sons, in defense of the soil ot
Virginia >
ft the oidmanee of ^eeesMOn i^ rejected, not only will
this u nulitaiv league" be annulled, but it will have been
made a ttnp to inveigle our gcneious defenders into the
hand-* nt'thcir enemies.
Vngima lemnmmg m the Union, duty and loyalty to her
obligations to the Union will require that those southern
