2924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
they come they will find the same beneficent Gov-
ernment to which they had proved faithless, as
magnanimous in mercy, as bounteous m blessing,
as equal in justice, as strong* in protection, as when
they betrayed it. Through weal and through woe,
iii the sunshine of peace and timid the stoim and
tempest of war, 1 wish to stand by the Constitu-
tion. I desire (hat every battle fought and every
victory won, shall be fought and svon under the
Constitution and for the Constitution, and that
every life that is poured out in this terrible strife
shall be a libation to its great principles. Let us
stand by the Constitution. We shall need its
protection hereafter more than we ever have here-
tofore. We shall need its restraints in the times
to come more than we ever have in the times that
are past. When, hereafter, this Chamber shall
be filled with Senatois, fresh from the battle-field,
whose laurels are yet green upon their brows, ac-
customed to command,and impatient of restraint,
let there ho no act of ours to be drawn into bad
precedent in breaking down the bulwarks wluch^
the Constitution has erected for the security of
the people. Let us leave no ireord behind to be
pointed atas authority for encroachmentupon the
powers and prerogatives of a coordinate depiut-
ment. Power i  always grasping, always sti ug-
glmg fot the enhugemcnt of Us dominion. If we
begin by denuding the Executive, how long wiU
it be before the judiciary is stripped of its ermine,
and ail power concentrated in the hands of an ir-
responsible Legislature? When that is done, the
history of ihe Republic in closed and the bistmy
of aiixiieiiy mid despotism begins its melancholy
reeoid of tyranny and oppiession and confusion
and hiood.
The beneficence of the Government in peace
has been proven; lis strength m foreign win lias
been fully vindicated. Its power to breast internal
.storms and commotions, and resist and subdue in- !
testiiie foes, is now, An* the first tune, subjected to j
the t ci i'lble ordeal of ex pen men t. if we rise to this j
great occasion, "■nipple successfully with the mo- !
mentous events that are upon us, save the life of
the nation, reunite it, and reassert its authonty,
and come from the conflict bringing the Constitu-
tion unharmed with us, pei feet m its strength,and
in the harmony and majesty of its proportions, the
page ihat beai s the record of the achievement will
be gilded with a brighter glory will glow with a
purer lay than any in the annals of our iace.
The treasure and the blood we shall have ex-
pended will not have been poured out in vain.
Our countrvi now stooping under ihe chastening
rod, but dearer in her afflictions, will rise from her
humiliui ion renewed and reassuied in strength and
i;uliant with beauty, to legume her proud place
among the nations and blend the ti lump'ia of her
futuio wuh the glories of her past history.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senatoi fioni
iMiehii an {_Mt. I i on\u:i> j ye.xfnday o lie red to the
•Senate an argument which, in my judgment, jf
not conclusive, was one of great ingenuity and
power, (be object of which was to prove that the
hill offered by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] as a substitute for that passed by
the IIounc of Representatives, and now before
Uh, is unconstitutional. If he did not prove what
lie attempted, he at least pioved how difficult it
is to frame a bill of the character of that, befmo
us, without coming in contact, wuh the (Jon.stitu-
Jion. 1 do not propose at tins time to consider the
precise (piestion of confiscation. In what 1 have
now to say in relation to this bill I propose rather
to confine myseifto the importance of a strict re-
g;ud tor the Constitution in the present crisis of
our history. I offered, some days since, a reso-
lution, whiUi, as f believe, indicates the true doe-
n-uu with regard to out pu-seut, condition, and the
policy we ought, in view of it, to puisne. In speak-
ing upon this lull, 1 propose to make that resolu-
tion my text. It is as follows:
UroLii'il, Thar all uet- or ordni.ui'M*^ of sec os-don, <U-
leg-.i io have been adopted bj any Lc^islatme oi conven-
tion "i ilii' people oi any Stale, are. a* to the l'Ydej.il Union,
•lb-olio-!\ mill and voul: and th.it while ^ueh aots may
and do (lined rhe nifhVMiii.il aetois Iheiem to iorfeii uie:?
and penalties, thin do iuj£, in ;ui\ derive, aftect tile relation-*
oi ihe r'l.ti'• uiieiein the\ purport to have been adopted to
the Go\ iiiuent of ihe h'ntted State--, bur .in1, a? to such
Govumnenf. act- oi rebellion. insurrection. and hostility
on the part ol the individual engaged therein. or giving
{iss"-cit tneicto ; ami that siidi otatea. .ue, notwuhftt.mdmg
t-ueii act.-5 and onhnances, members of the Fedeia.1 Onion,
and as such aie subject to all the obligations and duties, im-
posed upon them b> the Constitution of the United States;
and the loyafcitizens of such States are entitled to all the
rights and privileges thereby guarantied or confeired.
Mr. President, the war jn which we are now
engaged must soon come to a close. It has already
raged long enough to carry lamentation and
mourning and woe into every neighborhood—al-
most into every family m the nation. How much
longer its horrors must continue to sadden the
hearts, and desolate the homes of our people, is
known only to that Being who for his own pur-
poses has permitted it to exist; but its end draws
near. The rebellion which has rendered it neces-
! sary must be and, at whatever cost of blood and
| treasure, will be suppressed. The violated ma-
j jesty of the laws must be vindicated—the suprem-
| acy of the constitutional Government of the United
i States must be lestorcd. As these have been as-
; sailed and in some States overthrown by war, so
' by war they must be reestablished; and the war
! will not cease until its object shall be completely
' accomplished. Should reverses come, they will
| be calmly met; should disasters befall our cause,
: they will be patiently endured; but no reveise,
however discouraging, no disaster, however ter-
! rible, will turn back the people of the United
States from the path upon which they have en-
j tered. They have counted the cost of the great
i conflict m w'hich they have engaged; they have
|'said let it be our all, and that shall be fieely given;
! for they have seen without an argument or an
I illustration—the instincts of the popular heart
j have taught them—that with the destruction of
] their Government ail is destroyed.
, Perplexing as is the question of the conduct of
the war, there is another, which, to thoughtful
i minds, is not less difficult and embarrassing., It
is thus: when armed resistance to the authority
of the Federal Govei nment shall cease, and active
' rebellion and insurrection no longer exist, what
: will be our condition and our policy? Will the
1 Government of the United States be reestablished
, tluoughout thirty-four States united under that
i Government, or will a poition of these States,
having shot madly from I heir spheres, have ceased
to be States in the Union, and have become prov-
inces—territorial possessions—to be governed as
; such by the central powei r
! Tins is the question of the day. On this the
| people of the United States are to act; on this par-
i ties are to be formed. On one or the other side of
this question the intelligent, thinking people of
: the United States are to tange themselves. The
| war has now brought them vutually together. Oil
i the question of its prosecution, there has been,
j and is at this moment, leully no division of opin-
I ion wot th v of notice in t he loyal States; but when
1 Ihe war shall cease, ihe question which 1 have
proposed will demand their decision, and the di-
versity of opinion which will exist may be easily
foreseen from that already manifested here and
elsewhere. What the final decision of the people
will be, in my mind, does not admit of a doubt,
i It may be given in the terse, expressive, pro-
! phctic language, of Andrew Jackson: " The Fed-
' eual Union: it must be preserved."
] And what is this Federal Union? What is it
! that must, at all hazards and at any cost, be pre-
| served? What is it for which more than halfn mil-
lion of volunteers are now under arms, for which
thousands of precious lives have been offered up,
for which $(>00,000,000 have, in one brief year,
been expended? It is well for us to inquire diii-
! gently what that system of Government is for
! which such sacrificcs have been made. The Fed-
; oral Union ! We aie to preserve this as the icsult
j of the present struggle, or we preserve nothing,
l If, when the contest shall be over, we find that our
' pi esent system has per is bed, or has been serioysly
1 irnpaned, we may, indeed, have still a Govern-
j men!; but it will not be the Government established
I by the Constitution of the United States. It will
j not be the Federal Union.
j What, then, is this Federal system ? I will not
I attempt to answer this question which lies at the
! foundation of all our investigations on this subject,
m my own language, but will use the words which
weio given to us by one inspired, we may well be-
lieve, by divine wisdom, who, anticipating out-
present troubles, explored every recess of this vast
question,atid bequeathed to uswhatwe may now,
without irreverence, consult as 44 lively oracles"
of truth. I quote from Mr. Webster's speech in
reply to Mr. Calhoun in the Senate of the United
States on the 16th of February, 1833. (Woiks
of Daniel Webster, vol. 3, p. 477.)
"The people, sir, in every State live under two govern-
ments. They owe obedience to both. The-se governments,
though distinct, aie not adverse. Each Iia-< itf sep.uate
sphefe and its peculiar powers and duties. it is nut a con-
test between two sovereigns for the same powei, Idee the
wats of the rival houses or England ; nor is u adispute be-
tween a government tie jucto and a government tie jure. It
is? the case of a division of poweis between two govern-
ments, made by the people to whom both are le-ponMble.
Neither can dispense with the duty which individuals owe
tn the Other ; neither can call itself mnsterot the o'hei ; the
people are masters of both. This division of powei, it is
true, is in a great measuie unknown in Dmope. It is the
peculiar system of America, and though new and singular,
is not incomprehensible. The State constitutions ?oe es-
tablished by the people of the States. This Constitution
[of the United States] is established by the people ol all the
dtate^. How then can a State accede? Ilow can a ^tate
undo that which a whole people have done? How can *he
absolve her citizens Irom their obedience to the law* ot the
United States i How can she annul their obligations and
oaths ? Sir,bocefc*ion asaiovolutionaiy light is intelligible ,
as a i i«Htto be proclaimed in tlv midst of civil commotions,
and assseited at the head of atinies, I can undeiotand it;
but a piactioal right, existing under tiie Constitution,
and in conformity with its piovi^ions, if seems to mo to be
nothing but a plain aliMiiduy, for it suppose*, les^tance to
Government under the authoi ity of Government it-elf; it
i-uppo-^es di-iuemboiment wnhout violating the pi meiples
of union; it supposes, opposition to law without ci line ; it
supposes the violation ot o uhs without responsibility 5 it
suppos.esU10 total o\eitlnowoi Government without levo-
lution
« The Constitution icgaids itself, sir, as peipetual and
iminoital. It ^eolcs to establish a union among the people
of the States which :-hd)l la.-t through all tune. Oi xf the
common late ot tiling human must be expected at some
pei Kid to happen to it, yet that catastiophe is not antici-
pated.
The insfiument contains, ample provisions lor its amend-
ment at all tune>, none toi its abandonment at anytime.
It declares that new States may eoine into the Union, but
it does, not deoiaie that old States may go out. The Union
is not a tcmporaiy pairnetrdnp of States. It is the as-oci-
ation of the people, under a eon^tuution of government,
uniting fiieir powerV, joining togethet their highest inter-
eft*, cementing then present enjoyments, and blending in
one indivisible ma-^ all their hopes for the liitute. What-
soever is steadfast in ju^t politieal principles, whatsoever
is peiumncnt m the stiuetmeof human hociet}, vvhatso-
ev.a there is which can deuve an enduring chaiactei fimn
being founded on deep laid principlesol constitutional lib-
erty ami on the broad loundations ot the public will, all
thes-e unite to entitle tins instrument to be legaided as a
pennanent constitution of government."
Such is the complex system under which the
people of every State of this Union arc, by this
great authority, declared to live. " They ate un-
der," says Mr. Webster, " two governments, to
each of which they owe obedience. These gov-
ernments, though distinct, are not adverse. Each
lms its separate sphere and its peculiar powers
and duties." The sphere of the General Govern-
ment is clearly defined in the Constitution. That
of the State government is equally well under-
stood. All local 1 ovulations, all that iclates to
domestic affairs of the people, eveiythmg which
does not necessarily partake ol a national charac-
ter and affect the whole people of the United States
as well as the people of each community, are left
under the entire control of State legislation. The
advantages of this plan of local government need
not be pointed out, or enlarged upon. They are
seen in the wise, peaceful, and beneficent opera-
tions of the State governments wbei ever they con-
tinue to act in luumony with the Federal power.
In our present struggle to support and maintain
the Government of the United States, we are
tempted to forget that the time may come when
the just prerogatives of State authority may re-
quire defense. The arm of the central Govern-
ment, when once its control is reestablished
throughoutall our domain, will be moie powerful
than ever. Strengthened by the exercise of its vast
and irreststibleenergies,ifs imperial mandates will
everywhere within its jurisdiction command re-
spectand obedience. What encroachments it may
be tempted by power and opportunity to make on
the proper sphere of State authority we cannot
foresee; but it is certain that for a long penod after
the rebellion is suppressed, and until its memory
shall have m some measure faded fiom the minds
of men, the popular inclination will be to strengthen
the Federal at the expense of the State govern-
ments. The power which their arms, their treas-
ure, and their blood will have rescued from de-
struction, will be the favorite power of the people.
'Its encioachments will be viewed, not as before,
with watchful jealousy, but with favor or indiffer-
ence, while State authority will be viewed as that
dangerous and usurping- influence that once at-
tempted to overthrow the Government of the
