1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
No man has a right to question my motives 01* my
opinions, and no man lias a right to speak for the
people, to threaten me with the judgment of the
people, or to talk about the disappoin tment of the
people, it may be so in some localities. Each
gentleman can answerforliisown. That remains
to be seen after the thing is acted upon. We are
to act upon a great constitutional question, a ques-
tion involving the interests of this country, with-
out reference to anything of that sort. Tone sure,
we all wish to act in accordance with the views
and wishes of the people and our constituents; but
we should be unworthy of seats here if we allowed
any supposed views of the people, our constitu-
ents, to influence us to go against what was our
deliberate judgment of our rights and our duties
under the Constitution of the United States. Thank
God,I represent a people that I know would visit
judgment upon me more severely when they be-
lieved that, in accordance with their wishes and
their opinions, I had yielded one hair of what I
believed was my duty under the Constitution. That
is what they would judge me for and judge me
rightly. I have that respect for them and that
knowledge of them to be aware, from long com-
munication with them, that they hold a represent-
ative responsible for an honest discharge of his
duty; and when they believe they have had that,
it is all they ask at his hands.
Now, sir, with reference to this particular mat-
ter, I feel precisely as I felt in the beginning. If
gentlemen wish to get a confiscation bill—and I
wish to get one, and as stiong a one as the good
of the country demands and the Constitution will
allow—if they wish to get such a bill, in my judg-
ment, and I say it kindly, for I do not mean to
interfere with this matter—I have been out of the
Senate too much to give my advice about it—the
only way in which it can be accomplished is to
refer all these propositions. You cannot accom-
plish a thing upon which there is such a difference
of opinion upon detail and particular provisions,
by discussions and amendments moved in the Sen-
ate; because gentlemen will not understand each
other; because unfortunately they suspect each
other; and because if an amendment is moved by
ji Senator who happens to dilTet strongly in opin-
ion with another, that other says at (.Mice, " that
comes from an enemy of the bill; I cannot look
at the subject-mutter of the thing, but I look to
the man that offered it." In the first place, sup-
pose an amendment is offered, and then an amend-
ment to an amendment is offered; there you stop;
you can go no further; you are hampered and con-
trolled always by the rules of the Senate. There
are in such cases infinite difficulties always in
coming to a conclusion that will be satisfactory to
men who wish to vote together.
Now, how is it here? Those who are in favor
of confiscation—and they comprise a great major-
ity of the Senate—and gentlemen on both sides of
this Chamber, perhaps all, cannot agree upon the
details here; it is out of the question. They will
have different views. It cannot be prevented m
the nature of things. If you look into the history
of Congress, I think you will find that when the
Senate or the House gets itself into difficulty from
this great difference of opinion and these numer-
ous pioposiiions, the course always has been to
raise a committee of the friends of the measure,
and let those friends sec if they cannot agree upon
something that will be satisfactory to all. Itbinds
nobody. No one is compelled to accept that Je-
suit. No one is compelled to say I will do this. I
acknowledge it is a strong argument, a very strong
argument. When a measure of this kind has been
pending about which I have great doubts, which
has been much argued, and a committee fairly
made up of the friends of the measure have con-
sidered all these different propositions and come
to a result, I confess I am very much inclined
always, and should be, to say, " very well; the
thing has been carried out; the measure is import-
ant, and I yield; I am not going to set up my opin-
ion against everybody else after a fair and thor-
ough and careful examination of the subject."
That is the course of a fair man and a fair mind,
and I hope that I am a fair man in reference to
these things.
My opinion, then, is now, sir. as it has been
from the beginning—and in saying it 1 wish to
treat with disrespect no member of the Senate at
all—that the proper course would have been ear-
lier to have selected a committee of the friends of
the measure, and to let them examine it, not the
opponents of the measure, and I prefer the word
" opponents" to " enemies," if there are any op-
ponents. I prefer not to denounce a friend—I am
speaking with reference to the measure—or a po-
litical friend, if you please, simply because he
happens to differ from me in relation to the extent
to which a particular thing should go. He has
the same right to his opinion that I have to mine;
and it is useless for any set of gentlemen to say
that their opinions are right, they have examined
it, it must be so, and if there is any difference of
opinion it is very ill-founded, and there is no ac-
complishing any purpose without coming up to
their standand. 1 require no man to come up to
mine, or down to mine.
Therefore, sir, 1 say,as I said in the beginning,
that I voted for this reference the other day, not
as an opponent of confiscation, but as a friend of
it, wishing to get a bill which would unite the
votes of all the members of this body, or a great
majority, particularly of all the gentlemen on this
side of the Chamber, in favor of it. I believed
that to be the only course by which it could be
accomplished. It was entirely indifferent to me—
for I never suspect bad faith; I wait until it is
proved—who makes the motion, whether it is
Mr. A, or Mr. B; if the thing is a good thing, we
have only to do it. I hope, therefore, for these
reasons, as I intend to vote for this committee
again, that gentlemen will understand they are not
to designate me for that vote as an enemy of con-
fiscation, but to take me at my word as a fnend
of it, and at the same time not to suppose that I
cease to be a fiiend of it because I do not come
up to their standard. We all have our peculiar-
ities of thought and opinions, and we must all be
at liberty to express them.
Mr.^TRUMBULL. I trust I have no such
pride of opinion, because I had given expression
to that opinion months ago, that 1 would adhere
persistently to it, and insist that that must have
been right. The Senator from Maine tells you
that long ago he knew this matter could not be
brought to a vote, and that we could not get action
upon this measure without its going to a commit-
tee. I denied it. lie was wiser than 1, and he
adheres to it to-day. I thought in my simplicity
that when it had been to a committee of Us friends,
and they had reported it to the Senate, that pos-
sibly we could act upon it without its going,
to another committee of its friends. It seems 1
was mistaken; and the Senator from Maine, much
wiser than I, expressed that opinion long ago,
and now he rejoices that he was right in that, and
reminds the Senate of the correctness of his view
at that time.
A pci son who heard him to-day would suppose
that 1 had come into the Senate and singled him
out, engaged as ho has been in his committee-
room, to proclaim to the country that ho was op-
posed to a confiscation bill. One would suppose
that he was sitting quietly in his seat and had not
said a word, and that I had referred to him. Has
the Senator from Maine forgotten that I was re-
plying directly tohim; that he spoke immediately
before me? Has he forgotten the circumstances
of that day, that there had been an understanding
in the Senate, so far as it was possible to obtain
an understanding,thatavote should betaken upon
that day? It had been suggested the day before.
When the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
came in, and proposed to say something upon the
bill, not exactly certain whether he would or nor,
and without asking to put the bill over, saying he
felt hardly willing to do that, then the Senator
from Maine rose and insisted that the bill should
go over. We have been told by the Senator from
New Hampshire to-day that it has been under
consideration four months, and when the Senator
fiom Maine came in and insisted that it should go
over another day, was it singling him out if I tiied
to reply as well as I could, and show the impro-
priety of its going over another day?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator, instead
of saying that I insisted upon its going over, just
read what I said ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. <4 If any one member of
the committee of which I am chairman who has
not spoken on this subject wishes time, it ought
to be granted under the circumstances." That
is pait of what the Senator said. He said more
than that, however. I do not propose to read
his whole speech unless he desires me to do so.
I have read enough to show that he thought it
ought to go over. The Senator from Wisconsin
had not asked that it should go over, had not de-
sired it, but the Senator from Maine did desire it.
In a very kind way, as I thought, I replied to him,
and I stated that
"I should be very glad to have my friend from Maine
suppoit this bill. 1 have no hope that he will vote for auy
confiscation bill, not the least, and very likely there may
not be enough in the Senate to pass any bill, but I do de-
sire" 
Here the Senator from Maine interrupted me
by saying:
"If the Senator will allow me, T should like to ask him
the ground of that opinion in regaid to myself,"
To which I replied:
" The course the Senator from Maine lias pursued.
"Mr. Fessenden. What course has the Senator from
Maine pur&ued?"
I answered:
"I saw him vote on the yeas and nays to refer this mat-
ter to a committee, the othet day, on the motion of a gen-
"tleman known to be opposed to any confiscation bill."
I proceeded further to say:
"I think that is pretty good ground. When a Senator
votes to refer a pending measure and oil propositions 011 the
subject to a person known to be opposed to the whole of
them, I think it is pretty good evidence that he is opposed
to it. X may have drawn a wrong inference, and I shall bo
very glad to know that f have. I hope! am mistaken,and
that the Senator fiom Maine is lor a confiscation bill."
Now, it seems to -me that was said in a kind
spirit, and not in a spirit that should have called
forth, after a week elapsed, the remarks of the
Senator to-day in which he speaks of my having
denominated him as an enemy to the bill. It may
not have been a choice expression. If it will
gratify my friend from Maine in the least, I will
try not to say " an enemy of the bill" hereafter;
I will use the word that he has thought better, and
say opponent of the bill." I am sorry that on
Thursday or Friday of last week I did not say
that the motion to refer was made by an opponent
of the bill; and if it was in my power I would cor-
rect it in the Globe, so that it should appear that
U was "an opponent"'and not "an enemy" of
the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had no reference what-
ever to the Senator in what I said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator now says he
had no reference to me in what he said !
Mr. FESSENDEN. In what I said about an
enemy of the bill. Take me as I speak. The
Senator did not use the word " enemy."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I misunderstood the
Senator, it seems, to-day. I am sorry to be so
unfortunate as to misunderstand the Senator.
Now, sir, I suppose we are all for the Constitu-
tion, and I do not know that those Senators who
arc opposed to a confiscation bill are par excellence
the defenders of the Constitution. I claim, so far
as I am capable of understanding the Constitu-
tion, to be as devotedly attached to it as anybody
else. I may bo mistaken in my views about it;
but I will not vote for any measure which I believe
to be unconstitutional. I know that a number of
amendments are here pending to this bill. It will
be very easy for those who are not satisfied with
any bill which a committee of five shall report to
introduce a great many amendments hereafter. I
think the effect of referring this bill is to weaken
the friends of an effective confiscation bill. I think
that the union of sentiment which is sought to be
brought about will be a union of sentiment upon
a biil that really will accomplish but little. 1 know
the bill of the Senator from Vermont accomplishes
something. It has some excellent provisions in
it, in my judgment. It substantially copies some
sections of the original bill, changing the language,
perhaps,and, very probably, improving it. Those
who think as I do, if they cannot get an efficient
measure accomplishing all they desire, will vote
for a weaker one. I have no pride of opinion
about this measure. I shall vote for the best con-
fiscation bill I can get. I believe it is a duty, a
constitutional duty, imposed upon me, to endeavor
to make those who are carrying on this waragainst
the Government pay its expenses as far as i can.
I may be defeated; the votes of the Senate may
determine otherwise; but I cannot consent that
the lives of loyal men shall be sacrificed, that the
property of the loyal men of this whole country
shall be taxed to the utnjost ability of the people
to pay, that a debt shali be incurred which will
hang upon our posterity for ages to come to pay
