1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2925
Union. This is a consideration which ought not
to be forgotten by the people of the smaller States;
and it may be well for them to remember that in
the gene'rations to come, through which ourFed-
enil system is to endure, their posterity may find
in the just rights of the State governments their
surest protection against a central despotism.
Having thus briefly hinted at the peculiar char-
acter of our Federal system of Government, and
the vast importance of its preservation, in itsdouble
character of General and State Governments, I
now approach the great question which Ipiopose
to discuss, namely, the relations of the States to
the General Government, as affected by the at-
tempts at secession which have been made in sev-
eral States.
And heie I wish to say, that although the im-
portance of the subject would have justified me in
so doing, I have not initiated this discussion. The
resolution which I have offered in the Senate, de-
claring, as I believe it does, truths of immense im-
portance to the nation at this crisis, was not offered
by me until the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr,
Summer] had proposed a scries of resolutions de-
clating an opposite doctrine, in these words:
"Resolutions declaratory of the relations between tlie
United States and the terntory once occupied by ccrtnin Jl
States, and now iisuiped by pretended Governments,
without constitutional or legal light.
" Whereas ceitaln Stales. iighnully belonging to tlie
Union of the United States, have thiongh then respective,
governments wickedly undertaken to abjine all tho<e duties
by which then-conncction with the Union was maintained;
to renounce all allegiance to the Constitution ; to levy wai
upon the national Government; and, for the consummation
of this treason, have unconstitutionally and unlawfully con-
federated together, with the declared purpose ol putting an
end by force to tiio supieniacy of the Constitution within
their icspective limits ; aud-whercas this condition of insur-
rection, organized by protended governments, openly exists
in y< uth (Jaiolma, Geoisia, Fiouda. Alabama, Mississippi,
Loui-iana, Texas, Ai kauris, Tennessee, and Virginia, ex-
cept m East'1! n Tennessee and Western Viignna, and has
been ciecuiied by the President of the United States, in a
pioclatn.Uxon duiv made m eonfoimitvwzth an act of Con-
gress to exist thioughout tin.- tei nfoi v, with the exceptions
alicadv named; and whereas the extensive terutoiy, thus
UsUtped by ile-se ptcicmh'd ijovlianient-and oiganized into
a hostile confedeiatioiij belongs to the United States, a-> an
lnsepai aide pait theieoi, nude the sanctions 01 the C'on-u-
tution, to be held in trust lor the inhabitants in the present
ami lutnre generations, and ih so completely mteilwkcd
withthe Union that it is lorever dependent thereupon ; and
whereas the Constitution, which isthe supicme law of the
land, cannot be displaced in us rightful operation within
this teiritoiy, but must ever continue the «uprcme law
thcieof, notwithstanding the doings of any pretended gov-
ernments acting singly 01 in confedeiauon, 111 oider to put
an end to its supremacy : Therefore,
(t 1. Resolved, That any vote of secession or other act by
which anv State may undertake to put an end to the su-
premacy of the Constitution within its terntory is iuopei-
ative and void against the Constitution, and \\ hen sustained
by foice it becomes a piactical abdication by the State of all
rights under the Confutation, while the treason which it in-
volve-. still lurther woiks an instant jorfeiturc of all those
functions and powcis essential to the continued existence
of the State as a body-politic, so that liom that time tor-
waid the terntory talis under the exclusive jurisdiction of
Congress as other tenitoiy, and the State being, accoiding
to the language of the law, felo tic $c, ceases to exist. _
u 2. flvsoheil, That any combination of men assuming
to act in the place of such State, and attempting to msiiare
or coerce the inhabitants theieof into a confederation hos-
tile to the Union is rebellious, tiea^onable, and destitute of
all moral authouty; and that^uch combination is a usuipa-
tion, incapable ot any constitutional existence, and utteily
lawless, so that everything dependent upon it is without
constitutional or Iciral support.
"3. Resolved, That the termination of a State under the
Constitution nece.-^ai i!y causes the termination of tho>e
peculiar local institutions which, having no oiigin in the
Constitution or 111 thofo natuial rights which exist inde-
pendent of the Constitution, are upheld by the sole and ex-
clusive authority ot the State.
 l4. Resolved,* That slaveiy being a peculiar local insti-
tution, deuved tiom local laws, without any oiigin m the
Constitution or in natural light-', is upheld by the sole and
exclusive authouty of tue State, and must therefore cease
to exist legally or constitutionally when the State on which
it depends no longei exists; loi Uieincidcnteanuotsurvive
the piiiicip.i!
'• 0 Resolved, That in the exercise of its exclusive juii?-
diciioii ovei the terntoiy once occupied by the States, it is
the duty of Conines to see that the supremacy of the Con
stitutiou is maintained in its essential pnnciples, so that
everywheiem this extensive terntory slaveiy shall cease
to exist praci icallv, u> it has already ceased to exist consti-
tutionally or legallv.
i{0. Resolved, That anv lecognition of slavery in such
territory, or any sin render ol slaves under the pretended
laws of'the extinct State by any officer of the United State-,
civii or military, is a leeo^mtion of the pretended govern-
ments, to the exclusion of the jurisdiction of Congiess under
the Constitution, and 1* in the natute ol aid and eomtoitto
the lobellion that has been organized.
7. Resolved, That anv ^ucli ieco<;nition of slaveiy or
sin render of pretended slaves, besides being a iccognmon
of the pretended governments, giving them aid and com-
fort, is a denial of the lights of peisons who, by the extinc-
tion of the States, have become free, so that, under the
Constitution, they cannot again be enslaved.
" 8. Resolved, That allegiance from the inhabitant and
protection fiom the Government are corresponding obliga-
tion*?, dependent upon each other, so that while the alle-
giance of every inhabitant of this territory, without dis-
tinction of color or class, is due to the United States, and
cannot in any way be defeated by the action of any pre-
tended govei nmeutjOr by any pretense of property or claim
to service, the corresponding obligation of piotection is at
the same time due by the United States to every such in-
habitant, without distinction of coloi or class ; and it lol-
lows that inhabitants held as slaves, whose paiamount al-
legiance is due to the United States, may justly look to the
national Government for protection.
.'♦9 Resolved, That the duty directly cast upon Congress
by the extinction of ihe States is reinforced by the positive
prohibition of the Constitution thati no State shall enter
into any confederation,' or < without the consent of Con-
gress keep troops or ships-of-war in time of peace or enter
into any agreement or compact with another State,5 or
' grant letters of mnque and reprisal,'or ' coin monev,* or
' emit bills of credit,' or ' without the consent of Congress
lay any duties 011 nnpoits or exports,'all of winch have
been done by these pi etended governments, and also by the
positive injunction ofthe Constitution, addressed to the na-
tion. that ' the United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government;' and that
in pursuance of this duty cast upon Coneiess, and further
enjoined by the Constitution, Congiess will assume com
plete jurisdiction over such vacated terutoiy where such
unconstitutional and illegal things have been attempted,
and will proceed to establish theiein republican fouiis of
government under the Constitution ; and 111 the execution
of this trust will provide catefuliv for the piotection of all
the inhabitants thereof, lor the security of families, the or-
ganization of labor, the encouragement of mdustiv, and j
the welfaic of society, and will in every way dischaisethe,
duties of a just, meicifui, and paternal government."
Thisdoctrine I consider fatal toour formofGov-
ernment—destructive of our Federal system—and
utterly incompatible with a restoration of harmo-
nious relations between the States in which rebel-
lion now prevails, and the United States.
Whatever I might otherwise have done, I have
deemed it my duty to present what seems to me
to be the true doctrine, in opposition to the fatal
heresy contained in the resolutions of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
What, thpn, are the principles of the resolution
which I have proposed and which is now under
consideration ?
I. It commences with the declaration:
" That all acts 01 ordinances of secession alleged to have
been adopted by any Legislature or convention of the peo-
ple of any State are. as to the Fedoial Government, abso-
lutely null and void."
On this point, the legal effect of an act or ordi-
nance of secession, it would seem that there could
be no difference of opinion heie. I am nut aware
that any member of this body now holds the doc-
trine that such acts 01* ordinances have any bind-
ing* force whatever as to the Federal Union. They
are as laws null and void, and so conceded to be.
Yet an etfoi t is made here and elsewhere, to show
that, in some way, they have changed or modi-
fied the relations of the seceding States to the
General Government. If so, this effect is pro-
duced not by the acts of secession as binding acts
of legislation, but by the hostile revolution in such
States, of which they are to be considered the dec-
laration and the commencement. Theadvocates of
the doctrine that the seceded States arc out of the
Union, speak of an existing state of things,which,
whatever we may say of the law of the case, they
say cannot be overlooked. Secession, they con-
tend, is a void ptoceedmg; but still certain States
have seceded; they are, in point of fact, out of
the Union: defacto, if not de jure, they have with-
drawn. But, whether they have in point of fact
withdrawn fromthcUnion, depends upon the suc-
cess of their attempted revolution. Secession
does not sever them from the Union. Revolution
may do so; but it must be successful revolution.
To acknowledge them now out of the Union is
to acknowledge the revolution so far successful.
If His crushed and suppressed, then its legal effect
is also destroyed; and the State wherein the re-
bellion was attempted remains, as it was before,
a State in the Union. Mr, Webster, in the same
great speech from which I have already quoted,
says:
" No State authority can dissolve the relations subsisting
between the Government of the United States and individ-
ual^. Nothing can dissolve those relations but levoluuon,
and theiefoie there can be no such theoiy as secession with-
out revolution."
Mr. Webster speaks evidently of successful
revolution. Nothing else can dissolve the relations
between individuals and the General Government.
Attempted revolution cannot do it,for revolution
is only insurrection and sedition until it is suc-
cessful. Hence, those who acknowledge that the
revolution which has been begun by secession,
and is now upheld by war, takes the States in
which it exists out of the Union, acknowledge a
result which can be only produced by successful
revolution. This attempted revolution, instead
of being thus successful, is in many States entirely
suppiessed. Look at Louisiana. Look at Ten-
nessee. In those States, where the rebellion has
been as flagrant and apparently as successful as
in any other, armed resistance to the authority of
the United States has almostentirely censed. What
force have their acts of secession ? What power
has their attempted revolution ? Yet there are not
wanting those who, for a purpose, arc ready to
admit that these States are, by their own illegal
and violent acts, out of the Union in fact, if not by
right.
Let us see whether, even in point of fact, this
is tiue. Take the case of Tennessee. Siie has
attempted to pass an ordinance of secession, which
has been followed by open rebellion and armed re-
sistance to the General Government. For a long
period no loyal citizen could live in peace in that
State. Those who held to their allegiance to the
General Government were banished. The family
of one distinguished patriot, a citizen of Tennes-
see and a member of this body, were driven from
their home, and he was himself exiled. All that
was required for the complete dismemberment of
Tennessee from the Union had taken place in
that State; and if it were possible for any State,
by her own act, or the acts of her people, to cease
to be a State in the Union, Tennessee ceased to
be such. Yet how did the Senate treat the fact?
No matter what may be the law, the fact it is said
is the test of the true condition of the State; and
what was the fact in the opinion of the Senate?
Every day the name of Andrew Johnson was
called by our Secretary, and as a member of the
Senate of the United States he answered to his
name as a Senator from Tennessee? Was he a
Senatoi ? Was he as such entitled to his seat?
Was Tennessee entitled to be represented in the
Senate? If so, was she not a State 111 the Union
notwithstanding the prevalent rebellion by which
she was oveirun and devastated?
So of Virginia. Is she not in rebellion ? What
secession and revolution could attempt or accom-
plish has been attempted and accomplished in
that State. Look at the two great armies now
standing in hostile anay, foot to foot, on her soil.
Her capital is besieged by the Government of the
United States, and will soon be taken and occu-
pied by the Federal power, or the Union forces
will bedefeated and overthrown by therebel army.
Yet what is the fact as to the sfaius of Virginia
m the Senate? She is represented here by two
loyal citizens, who are as truly Senators of Vir-
ginia as we are Senators of the States we repre-
sent. She is also, like Tennessee, represented m
the House of Representatives. Neither m law,
then, nor in fact, has Virginia ceased to be a mem-
ber of the Union. Her citizens arc in rebellion;
they arc now resisting the authority of the Fed-
eral Government by arms. Your officers, civil or
military, cannot this day, as enemies or friends,
enter her capital city; yet daily she makes laws
for the whole people of the United States by her
representatives in each House of Congress. Thus
js the great fact daily manifested to the whole
nation that, notwithstanding the enormity of the
crime of which their people have been and still
arc guilty, Tennessee and Virginia to-day are, and
forever must continue to be, till the cntne fabiic
of our Government shall be destroyed, members
of the Federal Union, and as such subject to all
the obligations and duties imposed upon them by
the Constitution of the United States.
Let mc state a still more extreme case. Suppose
that the late Senators from South Carolina, Messrs.
Hammond and Chesnut, had imitated the noble
example of Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, had
condemned and spurned the pietended action of
their State, had repudiated the ordinance of seces-
sion, and had remained here pei forming their
duties as members of this body; would they not,
I ask, have continued to be Senators of South Caro-
lina to the end of their respective terms of office?
Further, was it not their duty thus to remain and
to act as Senators? Who could have questioned
their right 011 the ground that South Carolina was
out of the Union"? And if they had such right
thus to continue to act as Senators, if it was their
duty thus to act, then I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts if every loyal citizen of South Caiolina.
