2926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
bad not a right to demand of them the performance
of this duty? Be they few or many, the loyal
citizens of any seccded State had a right to demand
of their Senators and Representatives to remain
here and perform their duties as such. If they had
so remained, who would have denied that these
States were mem bcis of the Union? And yet it is
nowhere pretended that their relations to the Union
can be affected by the refusal of their Represent-
atives in Congress to remain here in the perform-
ance of their official duty.^
2. The second proposition affirmed in the reso-
lution under consideration is, that the individual
actors in the adoption of any alleged acts or ordi-
nances of secession are in consequence of such
action subject to forfeitures and penalties; and it
is also asserted,
3. That those acts arc,on the part of those engaged
therein, or giving assent thereto, acts of rebellion,
insurrection, and hostility to the General Govern-
ment.
The alleged acts of the States said to have acceded,
being, as to the Federal Union, null and void,and
their position as members of the Union being un-
affected thereby, it becomes an important question
to consider what is the character of these acts iu
theirelU'Cls on those individuals engaged in them.
And here it is not necessary to inquire how far the
State governments are disorganized by the part
which the people or Legislatures of such States
have taken in the present rebellion. Various inter-
esting questions might be raised to which I may
hereafter allude: for example, as to how far the re-
fusal of State Legislatures to take the oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, requii ed
of them by that instrument, may disfranchise them
and lender them incapable of acting as ii legisla-
ture. But ertocts of'this kind, produced by an act
of secession, followed by such recusancy to the
Constitution, upon the Legislature guilty of such
dereliction of duty, are not properly to be eonsid-
eied under this resolution, which only speaks of
the questional* the force of an act of secession as
to the Federal Government. Whether a Legisla-
ture passing it, and acting under and in obedience
to it, forfeits its authority as a Legislature, is a
question of another character, and foreign to the
subject 1 am considering. As individuals, the mem-
bers of a Legislature acting in hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States certainly might justly
be said to forfeit all right to aet as legislators, and
their places would thus become vacant.
The distinction between the individual obliga-
tion of citizens of the United States to obey the
laws of the General Government, and the duty of
the States in their corpoiate capacity to yield such
obedience, ks the main difference between the pies-
ent constitutional Government and that of the old
Confederation. In the Federalist, No. 15, Alex-
ander Hamilton thus lays down this distinction:
"The tfreat and radical vice tn the construction of iho
existing Coiiledcrntion, [alluding to the state of thing-; ex-
isting before the adoption of the pit-sent Constitution,] is
hi the principle of icgihl,uin<; tor States or government* in
their coijimnte or collective capacities, and asconnadivtm-
jjuishod ttom the individuals ot whom they consist. Though
this pnneipH" does not run through all the powers delegated
to the Union, yet it pervades and governs those on winch
the ellieaey of the rest depends; except as to the rule of ap-
portionment, the United States have an indefinite dele-
tion to make requisitions for men and money ; hut they have
no authority to raise either hy regulations extending to the
individual citizens- of Anieiiea. The consequence of this
K thai though in theory their resolutions concerning these
object* are laws eoiKtmmonally binding on the members of
tin: Union, yetiti practice tliey art; mere recommendations
winch tile .States oI)muvo or disregard at their option.
Again, in No. 23 of the Federalist, Mr. Ham-
ilton says:
<• If weaie in earnest about giving the Union energvand
duration, we must abandon the vain project ot legislating
upon the Stales in theireollective capacities 5 we must ox-
fend the law«< ot the Federal Government to the individual
caucus ol America," See.
The fundamental vice of the old Articles of Con-
federation, then , was the want of power in the Gov-
ernment to enforce its decrees by direct action
upon individuals. States were bound to comply
with ifs requisitions; butas this was an obligation
not to be enforced, it was merely a inouil obliga-
tion. Stales could only be coerced by wai, and
war dissolved the Confedoiation. individuals
could not be reached at all. There was no obli-
gation or duty on the part of individuals, as the
requisitions of the Government did not take the
shape of mandates or decrees, acting with the
power and sanction of law, and enforced by penal-
ties; hut were,in the languageof Hamilton," mere
advice and-recommendations."
The Constitution of the United States avoids this
great, inherent vice and weakness of the Articles
of Confederation. Itdoesnotact upon or relate to
the States, as communities, as sovereignties, or in
any possible condition or capacity, except so far
as it restricts their powers. Not from them, but
from the people, each individual of the people, it
demands obedience. It was a constitution or gov-
ernment adopted by the people, for the people,
and over the people. It was not a rival with the
State governments for power. Its power was not
adverse to though distinct from that of the States;
but it was in every sense a government over every
individual every where in the United States, with-
out reference to State lines or State authorities.
Every individual was subject to its laws, which it
had inherent power over every individual to en-
force. And that power to enforce its decrees upon
individuals, not depending upon State consent,but
being derived directly from the people of the Uni-
ted States, exists, and must forever continue to ex-
ist, irrespective ofState authoiity. Hence, as Mr.
Webster says in the extract 1 have already made
from his works no State can undo what a whole
people have done, or absolve her citizcns from
their obedience to the laws of the United States,
.or annul their obligations and oaths.
I do not, of course, in saying that the Consti-
tution acted upon individuals and not upon States, j
mean to express the opinion that under it the i
States had no duties or obligations. Many such
duties and obligations are imposed upon the States !
by the Constitution; but these are moral obliga- ■
lions. The obligation of choosing electors of j
Piesulent and Vice President is imposed upon the
Slates directly by the second article of the Con-
stitution; yet there is no mode of enforcing the
performance of this duty. It is merely a moral
obligation, and should any State neglect it, the
consequences would be fatal and irremediable.
The duty of choosing Representatives and Sena-
tors is another moral obligation imposed by the
Constitution, the performance of which cannot be
enforced, although Congress has power to legis-
late with regard to it. All the other points in
which the Constitution comes in contact with the
States, as such, are restrictions and denials of
power to the States, merely negative in their char-
acter.
But as to individuals, the Constitution, and all
acts of Congress enacted under it, apply directly
to each inhabitant of the United States or its ter-
ritory. The laws of the United States come with
the power and sanction of a Government able to
enforce its authority. Individual actors in any
attempt to overthrow this authority cannot plead,
in excuse or justification, the act of a State as ex-
empting them from their duty of obedience to the
laws of the Federal power. As individuals they
are liable; no pretense of State authori ty can shield
them, or give to their acts any semblance ofState
action. Any decree or law authorizing such ac-
tion is merely and absolutely void as law. The
individuals engaged therein are personally liable
to pains, penalties, and forfeitures; and the pre-
tended action of the State is, as a justification,
precisely as if it had never been adopted.
If all acts or ordinances of secession are abso-
lutely null and vofd, it would seem needless fur-
ther to argue that they cannot have the effect of
severing the connection between the Federal Gov-
ernment and the States alleged to have adopted
them. There is, as Mr. Webster declared, no
possible mode of the secession of a State exeppt
by revolution. Successful secession is successful
revolution; attempted secession is attempted revo-
lution. So long as the attempt is not yetsuccessful,
it has no effect upon the relations of the States to
the General Government. When it shall become
successful as revolution it may sever those rela-
tions; but if it does so, it is by revolution and not
by virtue of any potency in the ordinance of se-
cession. The revolution, if successful, accom-
plishes what the actof secession, as a revolution-
ary act, began; if the revolution fails of success,
the act of secession is void, ab initio.
All the seceded States, then, are still members
of the Union,and will continue so to be until their
attempted secession is consummated by success-
ful revolution. To acknowledge any State out of
the Union, is to acknowledge that as to that State
the revolution is successful. Instead of acknowl- I
edging this, I contend that there are still thirty -four
States in the Union. The United States of Amer-
ica include these thirty-four States—and includ-
ing these, and with their united power' as one
Government, is engaged in suppressing a rebel-
lion existing in eleven of them, more or less ex-
tensively, and successfully. The State of Virginia
and the State of Georgia are as much bound to en-
gage in suppressing this rebellion as the State of
New York, in the eye of the Constitution. The
Army of the United States is engaged in suppres-
sing a rebellion in that portion of the United States
known as Virginia and Georgia; and as a com-
ponent part, and a member of the United States,
Virginia or Georgia may, in a national sense, as
properly be said to bo engaged in suppressing this
rebellion as any loyal State. All the States, in
their corporate and national capacity as United
States, are so engaged, and to say that any one
State ceases to bea memberof the Union, because
this rebellion is potent and, perhaps, supreme
within its limits, is to say that the Government is
disrupted. I do not intend to be driven to this
conclusion until the revolution shall be, by the
Federal Government, acknowledged to be suc-
cessful.
4. I think it follows from all this, that the loyal
citizens of all the States arc entitled to the rights
and privileges guarantied and conferred by the
Constitution. I know not how such loyal citizens
in any State can be deprived of these privileges
except by their own act. One privilege guaran-
tied by the Constitution to every State, and to the
citizens thereof, is a republican form of Govern-
ment. How can this right, privilege, or guarantee
be forfeited? Can a majority of the people of a
State secede from the Union, rebel against the
Federal Government, and establish a monarchy?
And shall the loyal citizens of the State who re-
main steadfast to their duty, be told that they do
not constitute the State; that their State is out of
the Union, and by an act of rebellion and war has
deprived the loyal citizens thereof of the privilege
of this guarantee under the Constitution? Yet
such I understand to be the conclusion to which
the territorial theory of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts directly leads, which assumes that the
loyal citizens of a State can be deprived of their
rights as such by the act of a rebellious, insur-
rectionary, hostile majority, in severing the con-
nection of a State as a State with the Federal
Government.
What, then, is the character of the vast and per-
plexingcomplicationof troubles in which the Gov-
ernment of" the United States now finds itself in-
volved? States have declared themselves no longer
members of the Union; the people of these States,
with an alarming degree of unanimity, have united
in armed resistance to the Federal Government.
Vast armies are now in the field contending on
the one side for its overthrow, and on the other
sid« for its maintenance and defense. In this vor-
tex of difficulties, it is not strange that different
minds seek relief and safety in a great variety of
diverse plans, theories, and expedients. The more,
however, we pursue this bewildering maze of the-
ories and expedients; the further we wander in
the devious labyrinths of political discussion, as
to the supposed effect of ordinances of secession,
or of rebellion perpetrated by a State, or as to
whether or not we shall consider these acts as re-
sulting in a political felo de se on the part of the
States, the more we shall find ourselves perplexed
and embarrassed. One only sure foundation for
the edifice of our Government can now be found;
and that foundation is the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. On that basis the Government will
stand firmly,safely,and forever. Itcan,of course,
stand on no other; and when its superstructure
shall cease to repose on thatfoundation, it will fall
in ruins, involving in its own destruction all that
we hold dear in Government or in the structure
of society. I look, therefore, with suspicion on
the teachings of all those, however wise they may
generally be esteemed, or however I may hereto-
fore have given them my confidence, who under-
value or depreciate the Constitution of the United
States, or attempt to shake the confidence of the
people in that sacred instrument, as the sheet-
anchor of their hopes and their destinies. It is
not uncommon, even now, in this day of sorrow
and perplexity, when a violation of the Consti-
tution by armed rebels has filled the land with dis-
tress and mourning, to hear men in high places
