1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
done under the exigencies of the times; and he
says that is the true test of the matter. 1 claim it
is not so. He did not, m the ease of this election,
procure the best evidence vvithift his reach. We
have here five officers who were conducting the
election—four commissioners and one conductor
—and not one of these gentlemen has given a cer-
tificate that Mr. Upton received the highest num-
ber of votes at that poll, or any number of votes
at that poll. Neither has any one of these gentle-
men testified to that fact.
What, then, do we have? All that we have is a
simple certificate of a man who adds " J. P." to
his name, made a month and a half after the elec-
tion transpired, that he has examined two papers
submitted to him; and one, he says, isa tianscript
from the other. But Mr. Upton, in this pamphlet,
which he has got up against the Committee of
Elections, says that even that was not a trausciipt
of the whole record. Mr. Upton himself, or his
lawyer, puts forth such a statement in this docu-
ment. Heie I am reminded what the claim of
the sitting member is. Mr. Upton has caused to
be east at the brain foundory of some lawyer a
huge columbiad in the shape of this pamphlet,
intended to annihilate utterly the Committee of
Elections.
I beg leave to read what he says upon the ques-
tion whether the poll-book was duly certified. It
will be found on p—
"As to there being do evidence that the poll-book was
certified by the commissioners ; and is there any evidence
that it i< not so ceitihed ? None whatever That which is
furnished the committee d'->es not puiport oi pictend to he
anj tlimg whatever but a tran^eupt of the votes cast for the
poisons who were candidates on the day of election The
oaths of the commissioners and conductor and recorder of
the votes, and the certificate ot the magnate, that what
Is given is a collect tt.ir^cript from the poll book, not that
it js a copy of all its contents."
Here, again, we find the extraordinary propo-
sition that where there is no proof that a thing
is true, if there is no proof that it is not true, it
is sufficient evidence that it is true; or, at least,
that the committee should have been satisfied
with it!
But we were inquiring as to the will of the peo-
ple of the seventh congressional district of Vir-
ginia. The friends of Mi. Upton say that they
have submitted to this House the evidence that
eleven persons voted, ten votes being cast for Mr.
Upton, and one for Mr. Brent. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Harrison] says, " suppose that
only ten or eleven voters were loyal." That is
not a supposable case here. Is it for a moment to
be supposed that, out of ten thousand voters, in
the ten counties which compose this district, only
eleven loyal voters were to be found? If eleven
were all, 1 mustsay that it is a pretty small leaven
with which " to leaven the whole lump" in that
district Did the loyal voters of that district have
an opportunity to exercise the elective franchise ?
Here, it seems to me, that Mr. Upton has changed
ground since he appeared before the committee,
and since the report of the committee was made.
Or if he has not done so, perhaps his lawyer did,
in this pamphlet. On page 8, he says:
" On the 23d day of May, 1861, the polls weie actually
opened in every precinct m the seventh congressional dis-
tnct ot Virginia, so that eveiy elector could have deposited
his ballot for a Representative in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress."
And again, on page 10, he says:
u But in one of the precincN included in the district, as
lias been staled, n.undy, that at IJaNV Cm.-"* Road5. the
formalities ol'the law were complied with. In how many
othei precincts the election wih conducted with all the legal
formalities, as well kn member oi Congress as 101 Sute ofli-
ceis, it i* now imp<>-$-ible to detuimin ',a . directly after the
election the otiicei- lost no time in unitmu themselves with
the rebel horde, and earned with them all the. evidence ol
ttie election le-ailts. The -dietiti'm tlusdiMuct aUo tied to
tile tiaitor's ranks; hut toitunutelj the tetui 11 had not been
delivered to him. if it had been, the incumbent would have
been wholly without record evidence of the ejection result
in any single precinct."
Here is an intimation that there may possibly
have been votes cast in other precincts than the
one mentioned. Now, if the gentleman concedes
that there was voting for a member of Congress
111 other precincts, I ask by what light has he to
presume that all the votes, or a majority of them,
were cast for him? Why might there not have
been a majority for Mr. Bient, the opposing can-
didate, in some of the precincts? If this is true,
we do not know that Mr. Upton was the choice
of a majority of those who did vote. But I am
frank to say, that I do not believe there was such
voting. If I understood Mr. Upton aright before
the committee, he took, I think, a different view.
And here I remember that the committee has beeft
severely censured for the inquiry into the condi-
tion of the seventh congressional district of Vir-
ginia. It is said that we had no business and no
commission to make such inquiry. In reply to
that I will state that every particle of evidence on
this subject which wc have submitted to the con-
sideration of the House was submitted to the
committee in the first instance by Mr. Upton
himself. It is not for him or his friends to find
fault with us for reporting evidence on which he
relied. And I say here, that that evidence was
offered distinctly on this idea on the part of Mr.
Upton, to show why he did not obtain, and could
not have obtained, more than ten votes. He in-
tended to satisfy the committee that such was the
state of things in the district that it was impossi-
ble that he should have received any larger num-
ber of votes. That was his position then. In
Document 26, page 7, we have the very card of
Mr. Upton which shows this extraordinary state
of things in this district—that the voters could
not, in an unbiased manner, express their choice
at the polls. Hence he calls upon them not to go
and vote in the regular manner; but to open side
polls for lum. That is all he asks of them to do.
It shows that he recognized the political condition
the same as the committee has reported. I re-
member that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Rid-
dle] denied that there was an armed occupation
to prevent voters from depositing their votes.
Mr. RIDDLE. I said that it was a historical
fact that none of the so-called confederate soldiers
were there. I did say, and repeat, that there
were armed parties at the polling places.
Mr. LOOMIS. From the fact that the gentle-
man used the expiessioti " none of the so-called
confederate soldiers,'' I perhaps misunderstood
him. But what is the distinction ? What mat-
ters it whether those forces had been formally
marshaled into the service of the confedeiate gov-
ernment or were simply armed individuals about
each voting precinct, so far as the argument is
concerned? In this pamphlet there is an intima-
tion that that feature 111 the report of the commit-
tee which repiesents that armed men prevented
the voting is untrue. But the evidence before the
committee fully sustains their report. On page
10 (Document 26) of the printed evidence, there
is this paragraph:
u On the day of election many of the precincts were
visited and overawed by armed rebel force-;, and threats of
violence weie made against any who should dare to vote
fui a member of Cormier. The following letter from ex-
Senator Mason, studiously prepared for the occasion, was
also lead atseveial precincts, (and probably throughout tiie
district,) and prevented any from voting."
That is what Mr. Upton himself says. In vari-
ous other places in this document the same thing
will be found, proving that our position is correct.
Among the other numerous sins hud at the door
of the Com mi t tee of Elections, the gentleman from
New York (Mr. Sedgwick] claimed that the com-
mittee had recognized secession in their report, if
I understood him right. We recognize only the
terrible fact which everybody must recognize.
We recognize the terrible fact that those traitors
to God and man, those armed rebels, have put
chains upon the minds and limbs of the loyal men
of that district, and have, by duress and by rod-
handed violence and crime, prevented the fiee
men of that district from exercising the inestima-
ble privilege of the elective franchise. The loyal
men having been thus subjected to one tyranny,
we do not wish to subject them to another by
imposing on them for two years a Representative j
whom they have never chosen, and whom they j
could not participate in choosing, itisin vain for 1
gentlemen to say that the reportof the Committee ;
of Elections proposes to disfranchise loyal men. J
It proposes just the reverse. It proposes to en- ,
franchise thorn, to give the loyal voters a chance ;
to say who shall lepresent them. It proposes that !
ten men shall not, in some obscure precinct or <
some back kitchen, cook up an election which j
shall o\emdc ten thousand voters in ten counties. 1
Now, one word as to this doctrine of presumed j
acquiescence. 3 admit that where there is legal j
notice and a fair opportunity to vote at any elec- ,
tion, all of the voteis who do not vote are pre-j
sumed to acquiesce in the result; but it seems to 1
me that that presumption is sufficiently rebutted j
by showing a state of things such as prevailed in I
this district,and which rendered it impossible for
the voters generally to attend the polls and vote.
There I agree with the authorities cited by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield,]
showing that the great principle which lies at the
foundation of all elective governments, and is
indeed essential to the very idea of elections, is
that the electors shall be free in giving their suf-
frages. But the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sedgwick,] claimed that that rule applied only to
cases where the member himself or his immediate
friends hauinterfered with this freedom of choice.
This cannot be the meaning of the law referred
to; for the same authority says in another sentence:-
il Freedom of election is violated by external violence by
which the electors are constrained.
And what earthly difference,! ask, can it make
whether that violence comes from the candidate
himself and his friends or from anybody else?
The result is the same, to wit: the freedom of
choice is overthrown and destroyed.
In this case, many eloquent appeals have been
made and sympathies expressed in hehalf of Mr.
Upton. I fully share in these sympathies and in
every sentiment of respect expressed towards him.
Yea, I admire that courage and patriotism which
he displayed, which induced him to lay all that
he had on the altar of his country, and to keep the
azure blue of the old flag waving over his home-
stead while every where else in his district the flag
—no, the rag—of secession and treason was wav-
ing triumphantly in the breeze. But we are not
to consult our sympathies in deciding who shall
be a member of this House. Ever since I run
for Congress, I have been laboring under the great
delusion that votes were actually necessary to give
a member a title to his seat here; but it seems
that votes arc becoming obsolete things, that they
have
''Gone ghmmciing through the dream of things that were"—
"a schoolboy's tale"—and that it requires very
few, or none at all, to give a man a title to this
great privilege and responsibility. If this case be
decided in favor of Mr. Upton, such must be the
piecedent; and men enough can assemble in any
district—ay, men enougli can assemble in any
hollow tree in any district to confer on a man a
light to exercise the high responsibility of giving
laws to thirty millions of people. I hope that no
such precedent will be established in this case.
But most of all do 1 hope and trust that the ad-
vance of our armies will soon sever the links of
despotic power in the rebel States, and give the
loyal people of each congressional district a fair
opportunity to send a loyal man to represent them
in this House.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot fail, Mr. Speaker, to
take notice that the House is quite tired of this
debate,and that it is altogether unnecessary, cither
for tiie cause of truth or for any other considera-
tion, for me to weary the House with any further
remaiks. I, for one, would be disposed to take
the vote of the House now, believing that the
principles involved in this case, as in some others
which have been before the House, have been so
fully brought out for the consideration of the
House that whatever might be said further 011 one
side or the other, will be comparatively useless.
I agree, nevertheless, with my distinguished friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Harrison,] that the principles
involved in this case and in kindred cases are of
such importance, in connection with the present
state of things in this country, that we can hardly
discuss them too much, that we can dwell upon
them with profit from time to time, because in
them lie the germs of reconstruction, reorganiza-
tion, and reappearance of this Union among the
nations of the earth. It is that, and that only,
which would justify me or any member of the
Committee of Elections in further asking a mo-
ment's consideration of this House on this ques-
tion.
Sir, I am disposed, myself, to try to discuss it,
stripped of all technicalities, and to address my-
self at once to the real facts as they exist in this
case. I have striven, at ail times, so to do heie
and elsewhere, and have had the cooperation of
those working with me, in trying to bring this
case properly before the House.
Now, sir, what are the facts on which this ease
is {bunded? What, after all, is the basis on which
this incumbent rests his claim to represent the
seventh congressional district of Virginia? Allow
me, Mr. Speaker, before discussing this, to allude
