1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
196?
1 will only stale that tile resolution follows the
usual precedents in such cases.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I would inquire whether
this House should not frame articles of impeach-
ment and send copies of them to the Senate?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to the gentleman
that, according to the precedents in all cases here-
tofore of this character, the House appoints a com-
mission to fram^ articles of impeachment after this
transaction shall have been completed, after no-
tice lias been given to the Senate, and the Senate
shall have brought the person accused to its bar,
or served personal notice upon him, so as to have
jurisdiction in the case. The proceeding;: to which
the gentleman refers will come afterwards. I call
the previous question on the adoption of the res-
olution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
SPANISH BAUIC PKOVIDENCIA.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman give way to me
for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. For what purpose?
Mr. COX. I want to ask leave of the House
to report back from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs a Senate bill m relation to a vessel that was
captured wrongfully by the blockading squadron.
It is the last of a class of these cases, and is a bill
for the relief of the owners, officers, and crcvv of
the Spanish bark Providencia.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman desire to
put it upon its passage?
Mr. COX. I do.
Mr. DAWES. If it does not give rise to debate
1 will not object.
Mr. COX. I do not think it will give rise to
any debate. It is recommended by the President
in his special message. The award amounts to
$2,501 91. The bill has passed the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman ftom Ohio that no debate is in order
until the House first gives consent to the report-
ing of the bill.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report the bill.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the case of F.
F. Lowe, claiming a seat in the House as a Rep-
resentative from the State of California.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That V V Lowe is not entitled to a seat in
this Ilon e as a Ilepiesrntative from the State of California
in the Tmrty-ScventU Confess.
Mr. DAWES. The report of the committee,
as well as the claim of the memorialist, isfounded
upon a construction of the statute and ofthe Con-
stitution of the United Suites, and I shall be ob-
liged to beg the attention of the House, as close
as it may be disposed to give it, not only to what
I may oifer myself, but to what may be offered
upon the other side, in order to undet stand clearly
and really what are the merits of the ease.
The report is House Document No. 79, and
there accompany it also the views of the minority
of the committee.
1 will state the basis of this claim, and the
grounds upon which the Committee of Elections
have come to the conclusion that the memorialist
is not entitled to a seat in the House.
The chiim is based upon the ground that the
new appoi tionment applies to the present Con- J1
grt-ss, and took effect on the 3d ot March, 1861. \\
California, under the old apportionment, is enti- ■ !
tied to two Representatives. Under the new ap- [j
portionment she is entitled to three. It is the i|
claim of the memoiiahst and ofthe State of Cali-
fornia that the new apportionment applies to this,
the Thirty-Seventh Congress; that theiefore Cali-
fornia is entitled to three Representatives, and she
did accordingly proceed to eleef dnee Ilepiesent-
atives. Two'of them were admitted to scats upon
this floor at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, the two who received the highest number
of votes. The third is the memorialist, F. F.
Lowe.
Heretofore Congress has provided once in ten
years for the taking of a census, and immediately
after the taking of the census, has provided also
by special act for the apportionment ofthe num-
ber of Representatives to which each State is en-
titled in this House. In 1850, in providing for
the taking of the seventh census, Congress under-
took to make a permanent system, both for taking
the census thereafter and for subsequent appor-
tionments, based upon the result of these enumer-
ations. It is upon the construction of that statute,
as applicable to the eighth census and the appor-
tionment under it, that the question arises.
The memorialist claims that while that statute
provides expressly that the apportionment under
the seventh census, namely, the census taken in
1850, should take effect from and after the 3d of
March, 1853, that it made no such provision as to
when the apportionment under the census of 1860
should take effect; but that having provided that
as soon as the census should have been completed,
the Secretary of the Interior, by the rules pro-
vided in the statute, should " immediately" appor-
tion the Representatives to the several States; and
that, "as soon as practicable," should notify the
House of Representatives thereof, and should,
il without delay," notify the Governors of the sev-
eral States thereof; it is claimed by the memorialist
that it follows, inasmuch as he says that it also
provides that the census shall be completed on or
before the 1st day of November, 1860, that there-
fore thoappordonmcmt,which the statute provides
shall be made by the Secretary of the Interior,
should take effect on the 3d of March, 1861, fol-
lowing. Or, if that be not true, the memorialist
claims further that, inasmuch as the apportion-
ment !s dependent upon the number of inhabit-
ants, and as the number of inhabitants is ascer-
tained by the census, the right to representation
depends upon the fact of enumeration, and not
upon the time when the certificate of apportion-
ment shall actually have been made by the Secre-
tary of the Interior; that, therefore, inasmuch as
it is claimed that the enumeration ascertained be-
fore the 1st day of November, 1860, the number
of inhabitants, it gives the right to Californiafrora
that day to three Representatives in Congress, of
which she could not be deprived so long as the
law remained in force.
This is the claim of the memorialist and of the
State of California. The Committee of Elections
were of the opinion that it i estcd upon an entirely
mistaken construction of the statute of 1850 pro-
viding for ■ i permanent system for taking the cen-
sus and apportioning the Representatives based
upon it. That statute is found in the ninth vol-
ume Statutes at Large,page 428. It piovided, in
the first instance, for the taking the census of 1850,
and went through with the entire machinery ne-
cessary for the taking of that census, as though
that was the sole purpose of the law. But it then
attached to the act a rule by which the apportion-
ment of Representatives, as ascertained by that
census, was to be determined. It then provided
what never had been done by these acts before,
it provided, before the census had been taken, how
large the House of Representatives should be after
the census was taken, and then provided by what
rule that given number of two hundred and thir-
ty-three should be distributed among the several
.States of the Union.
That made a complete law for the census then
about to be taken in the year of 1850. It then
undertook to apply that lule to future censuses
and future appoi tionmcnts. It did that by pro-
viding, in the twenty-fourth section:
" Thai if no other law be pa-^cr! piovidinp: for the taking
ofthe oishth.oi am subsequent census, ofthe Cnited States,
on or befote the 1st da\ of January of any }eai when, by
the Constitution of the United r5rate>, an\ fmuiu eiiumer-
niiOii ofthe inhabitant1-, theieot is icqntred to be taken, such
eensu- ^hnli in all thinsrs be taken andeomplefdaccording
to the piovi&ion* ot thi- act.*5
That section of the law, in the absence of any
subsequent law on the subject, applied the pro-
visions of that act to any subsequent census about
to be taken. It then undertook to apply the same
law and the same tuie to the; apportionment under
any future census, by this provision:
" So soon a.- the ne\t ami any subsequent enumeration ot
tiu' inhabitants of the ecveial States da"ct£vl by tnc Con-
stitntion of the United States to bo taken shall bo com-
pleted and returned into the office ofthe Department ofthe
Interior, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to asceitain," &c.
The operative words of this seetion which carry
it forward to any subsequent census arc those few
words: " and any subsequent enumeration." ■ It is
by force of these words only that the apportion-
ment, which is generally understood to apply to
the Thu-ty-Eighth and future Congresses, is as-
certained by the Secretary of the Interior. Now,
the memorialist says, if I may be permitted to
repeat what his claim is at this time and in this
connection, that this act provided that the census
of I860 should be completed on the 1st day of
November, 1860, just as it provides that the cen-
sus of 1850 shall be completed by the 1st day of
November of that year. And then he says that
it provides that the Secretary of the Interior shall
"immediately" make this apportionment, and
that, " as soon as practicable," he shall notify the
House of Representatives thereof, and that, "with-
out delay," he shall notify the Executives ofthe
several States thereof. He thinks, therefore, it
follows that all this must be done before the 3d of
March, 1861, when this Congiess commences,
and that, therefore, the apportionment applies to
this Congress.
But the mistake fallen into by the memorialist
i this: he says in his memorial—and the same
language is adopted in the views of the minority—
that section first of the act providing for the cen-
sus provides that the marshals shall cause the
census to be taken and returned to the Secretary
of the Interior on or before the 1st day of Novem-
ber, 1850, " and every tenth year tliereafter." Now,
by recurring to the first section of the act, you
will find that that is a mistake. The first sec-
tion does not make such a provision. It only pro-
vides for taking the census of 1850; and you can
find nowhere in the actany expressprovision that
the census of 1860 shall even be taken in that year
at all, or shall commence on the 1st day of June
and close on the 1st day of November, I860. You
find no such provision in theactatalj. You must
look elsewhere for it. You must look to the con-
stitutional provision for the construction of this
statute as a whole, and for the purpose and the
object of the statute. The Constitution provides
for the takingof a census. It is generally under-
stood that the Constitution provides for the tak-
ing of a census once in every ten years—in the
years 1790,1800,1810, and so on; but on turning
to the Constitution you only find that it provides
that a census shall be taken as often as once in
every ten years. I have not a copy of the Con-
stitution by mc, but that is the provision. The
Constitution provides that it shall be taken once
in every ten years. There is no provision that it
shall not be taken once in every five years; but it
is provided that it must be taken within tlnee
years after the first meeting of Congress, and
within every subsequent term of ten years. The
Constitution provides that the first census shall
be taken within three years after the meeting of
the First Congress. The Constitution did not pro-
vide for taking the first census in 1790, but it pro-
vided that it should be taken within three years
of the first session of Congress. The contempo-
raneous legislation amounts to a construction of
this part ofthe Constitution well nigh equivalent
to a constitutional provision itself. It is contin-
uous; it is without conflict; it is the construction
of the day, and contemporaneous with its adop-
tion.
Immediately on the first meeting of Congress
it provided for taking a census in 1790. It has
provided ever since by special statute for taking
the census in 1800, 1810, 1820, 1830, 1840, and
1S50, and there it stopped. Connected with and
as a part of this provision of the Constitution,
comes the provision for an apportionment based
on it. The Constitution has received the con-
struction that there can be but one census taken
in every ten years, and on the lecuirencc of the
year specified in the several acts based upon this
provision ofthe Constitution,and necessarily con-
nected with it under the Constitution itself is a
provision for apportioning Representatives among
die'several States according to the enumeration.
Congress immediately on the taking of the first
census provided for the first, apportionment, and
then aftei wards for the second,and for the thud,
and for the fourth, and for the fifth, and for the
sixth, and for the seventh. It provided that the
