1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2927'
speak lightly and sneeringly of constitutional scru-
ples. I hear such observations with inexpressible
pain and regret. 1 trust the popular heart is now-
more deeply than ever before bound in faithful and
affectionate loyalty to the Constitution; and that
those who would diminish the reverence of the
people for the authority of that great charter of
our liberties, will discover that in so doing they
have themselves forfeited popular respect and con-
fidence.
To my mind, the difficulty in which we are in-
volved is shrouded in no obscurity, and the rem-
edy is plain and easy to be seen. That this remedy
is easy to be applied I do not say, but that it is easy
to be decided upon, as a proper remedy, I think
cannot be doubted by any one who sees clearly
the difficulty. War is the evil, and the remedy
for this evil is war.
An attempt has been made, on a vast scale, to
overthrow the authority of the Government of the
United States by war. This war is now waged,
with varying success, in many States, and it is
carried on by a majority so large as to include, in
several of them, almost the entire population.
That this civil strife is actual war cannot for a
moment be doubted. Some have spoken of it as
not being in every sense war, because it is carried
on by our own citizens, against our ovyn Govern-
ment and on our own soil. A reference to the
constitutional'definition of treason, however, will
satisfy all that the existing rebellion is in every
sense actual war. "Treason against the United
States shallconsist,"says the Constitution,"only
in levying war against them," &c. Treason can
only be committed by a subject; and those sub-
jects now engaged in actual treason are of course
engaged in that war which alone, by the Consti-
tution,constitutes treason. War being thus waged
against the United States, how shall it be met and
resisted except by war? Such, then, is our con-
dition. We arc, as a nation, at war with armed
rebels,traitors,and insurrectionists. It is inevery
sense a war, and nothing more or less than war,
commenced, it is true, by traitors, but to be con-
cluded as to manner and place and time, by the
Government against which it is waged. One party
can make war; it requires two parties to make
peace. The war, therefore, cannot close til! this
Government shall see fit to terminate it. It will
continue, with all its duties, all the powers it cre-
ates or calls from a dormant state into life and
action, till this Government sees fit to make and
declare peace.
The Presidentis by the Constitution Command-
er-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States. War exists by the act of traitors in arms,
whose treason consists in levying war against the
United States. The President at the head of the
Army and Navy is engaged in carrying on this war.
He prosecutes it as authorized by the direct terms
of the Constitution as Commander-in-Chief.' In its
prosecution he must use all the means of warfare
placed under his control, and if he does not make
it terrific, overwhelming, irresistible, then he will
not accomplish what the people hope and expect
from him. Buthe cannot properly use other than
usual and legal method's of warfare. His powers
are not increased except as a state of war increases
them. Being at war, he may do all that war ren-
ders necessary. He may kill, destroy, pursue, and
overthrow. Subjugated enemies he may confine
as prisoners of war, or he may govern them dur-
ing the war by military governors. That he is now
doing in Tennessee, in Louisiana, in North Car-
olina. These military governors, though in com-
mon parlance somewhatcarelessly styled Govern-
ors of those States, are not properly such, and
should not be so called. Giving them such a title
creates confusion. They are military governors in
those States, not of or over them—placed in au-
thority over subjugated public enemies, and not in
any sense over the States. When the war ceases,
their authority will cease, and not before, unless
they are removed by the appointing power, and
then others maybe appointedintheirplac.es. All
this is no interference with State authority. That
may exist or it may be in abeyance; but the au-
thority of military governors appointed by the
President as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, in
time of war, over a conquered enemy, is wholly
aside from and irrespective of, and may be in en-
tire haimony with the authority of the State gov-
ernment. i cannot, therefore, acknowledge the
correctness of the idea contained in the resolutions
of the Senator from Massachusetts, in which he
asserts that, in the appointment of military gov-
ernors, power has been assumed not authorized
by the Constitution. His resolutions a>e in these
words:
i{ Whereas Edward Stanly, assuming to act under a letter
from the Secretary ol War, calling him militaiy Governor
of North Carolina—a post unknown to the Constitution and
laws of the Union—has undtrtaken, by virtue of such mili-
tary authority, to suirender fugitive slaves, contrary to the
intent and meaning of an actofCongress recently adopted ;
also, to banish an American citizen, m violation of personal
rights secured by the Constitution ; and alto, to close and
suppress schools, maintained by the charity of good men,
for the education of colored children, in defiance of every
principle of morals and religion, and to the discredit of our
national character: Therefore,
" Resolved, That the Presidentofthe United States be re-
quested to cancel the letter of the Secretary ol War under
which Edward Stanly now assumes to act.
<( Resolved, TJhat any such letter, assuming to create any
person military Governor of a State, is without sanction m
the Constitution arid laws ; and that its effect is to subor-
dinate the civil to the military authority, contrary to the
spirit of our institutions and in delegation of the power of
Congress, which, where a State government falls into the
hands of tiaitors, can be the only legitimate authority, ex-
cept martial law."
If the view I have taken of this subject is cor-
rect, these resolutions offered by that Senator are
of course unsound in doctrine. The States are
not destroyed as bodies corporate by the rebel-
lious and hostile attitude of any portion, however,
large, of their citizens. The rights of those citi-
zens who remain loyal are preserved, and cannot
be impaired by acts which have not their cooper-
ation, nor their approval or assent.
But it is said the State Government may be
overthrown, disorganized; and if so, it maybe
asked, how shallit be reorganized ? Here may be,
it is true, a question of some apparent practical
difficulty, but thedifficulty will vanish if we sup-
pose the people of a State, wherein rebellion has
for a time disorganized the State government,
now able and ready to restore their suspended re-
lations with the General Government. In such
a State there can be no difficulty in the election of
a Legislature and an Executive. The constitu-
tions of all the States fix the time of holding State
elections, so that no enabling act is needed to au-
thorize and legalize such an election. ,0n the day
fixed by the State constitution, the people in any
State in which the State government has fallen
into desuetude, the people may meet and choose
aLegislature. That Legislature is the judge of
the qualifications of its own members, and, when
organized, is de facto and de jure the lawful Legis-
lature of the State. Having taken the oath re-
quired by the Constitution of the United States,
to support that Constitution, it may choose Sen-
ators to represent the State in this body; and if
they take a similar oath here, and are by us ac-
cepted as loyal and true to the Constitution—a
requirement which I hold we are bound to make—
they are as truly Senators as -yourself, Mr. Pres-
ident, [Mr. Doolittle in the chair,] and as com-
pletely as yourself entitled to seats as such.
There is no difficulty, therefore, in the case of a
State whose people, in such reasonable numbers
as to entitle them to be so considered,are loyal to
the Government of the United States and desirous
of reestablishing their relations with the Union.
But what shall be said of a State wherein the en-
tire body of the citizens are disloyal and rebellious,
as perhaps is the case in South Carolina? The
people of such a State can only be said to continue
at war with the Union; and they must, therefore,
while they so continue, also continue to be treated
as public enemies. War persisted in by them
must become more terrible in all its consequences,
more severe in the mode of its prosecution in pro-
portion to this persistence. What means of war-
fare may and must finally be resorted to with such
a public enemy, I need not indicate; but any and
all means which may be required to conquer such
a foe would be justifiable. I said on a former oc-
casion that if it should ever appear that slavery or
the Union must perish, the voice of a united peo-
ple would declare, " let slavery perish, and let the
Union live forever." I repeat this declaration.
As a means of warfare, and in the exercise of his
powers as Commander-in-Chief, I entertain no
doubt that the President has power to liberate the
slaves of public enemies. Whenever he declares
11 necessary to exercise this power, my confidence
in him is such that 1 shall approve and justify his
act. I am willing to leave this matter entirely to
his judgment, in view of his superior knowledge
of the facts upon which a correct judgment is to be
formed. Of his power to act in the premises I have
not the slightest doubt. The war has given to the
President powers as Commander-in-Chief of the
Armyand Navy, which he did not possessin time
of peace; or, to speak more correctly, the Consti-
tution vests in him powers in time of war which
do not exist, or, if they exist, are dormant, in time
of peace. He may carry on the war as Com-
mander-in-Chief, and do all acts necessary for
that purpose. This, however, is a subjectwhich
need not on this occasion be pursued.
My confidence in the President is increased by
the wisdom of that scheme of gradual emancipa-
tion by State authority which he has proposed.
It has my earnestand cordial approbation.
There are those who apprehend that in the event
of the restoration of the possession and consequent
jurisdiction of the Federal Government in that por-
tion of the Union from which that Government is
now excluded by flagrant rebellion and war, and
after the rebellion shall be crushed and the war
closed, there may be danger of another attempt at
secession, and a lepetition of the present hostilities.
They tell us that unless we now take the ground
that the States which have attempted to secede
are actually out of the Union, and are only to be
readmitted on certain conditions, which shall limit
the power of the States, secession and war will
again be attempted or threatened. To me such
a fear seems utterly absurd in view of the condi-
tion to which the war has already reduced its origi-
nators, and the salutary dread which they will long
cherish of a similar wicked enterprise. I would
say of it as Alexander Hamilton said of an equally
unfounded terror:
"This apprehension may be considered a disease, for
which there can be found no cure in the resources ot aigu-
mcnt or reasoning."
I have said that I would suppress this rebellion,
as it is sustained and upheld, by war—bloody, ter-
rific, energetic, irresistible, overwhelming war. If
it cannot thus be suppressed it cannot be sup-
pressed in any manner, or by any means. That it
can be triumphantly suppressed—that the author-
ity of the Federal Government can, throughout
all our wide domain, be reestablished and forever
maintained, I fully and most confidently believe.
This war can be carried on so long as may be
necessary for the purposes for which it is pros-
ecuted. One year ago we might have been justi-
fied in distrusting the capacity of our Government
for a strife of such gigantic proportions. The ex-
perience of the year has taught us truths which a
lifetime of peace could never have imparted. We
now see the immensity of power possessed by a
free people determined to saci ifice their all for the
defense of their Government.. Yet, let us not for-
get that the work we have undertaken is also
immense in the vastness and sublimity of its pro-
portions, and that to insure success it must be
prosecuted in accordance with the genius of our
Government. It is the Constitution that is to be
preserved; it cannot be preserved by being first
overthrown. Let us be cautious that in prose-
cuting this war for the Union, we give no real
cause for discontent; that we alienate the regard
of no truly loyal portion of our people; that, in
short, we do not, by proving faithless to the Con-
stitution we are sworn to support, show ourselves
unfit to govern and unworthy of power. When
we do so, we may find the task we have under-
taken too mighty for our ability to accomplish.
Then, perhaps, we may prove true the words of
that great statesman and political seer of the Rev-
olution, who, as ifgifted with second sight, looked
out from the narrow sphere of his day and gen-
eration, and saw the great events which were to
come in the destiny of his country, as distinctly as
we behold what is daily before us. As I read them
now, they strike me with awe and with admira-
tion; with awe, lest our own incapacity should
prove the correctness of the prediction; with ad-
miration at the superhuman wisdom which in-
spired it. I can almost fancy as I pronounce these
solemn words, that they reverberate mournfully
like a funeral knell. It is Alexander Hamilton
who speaks:
"As to those partial commotions and insurrections which
sometimes disquiet ^oe*eiy, irom the intrigues of an incon-
sideiable faction, or from sudden or occasional ill humors
that do not infect the gieat body of the community, the
Geueial Government could command more extensive re-
soiuces) fur the suppression ofdi tuibnnce&of thai kind than
would be in the power of any single member. And as to the
