1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
first apportionment should take effect from and
after the 3d day of March, 1793; the second from
and after the 3d day of March, 1803; the third
from $nd after the 3u day of March, 1813, and so
on in reference to the fourth, fifth, sixth, and sev-
enth, in 1823,1833,1843, and 1853, without excep-
tion and without qualification.
Along with this construction which they have
put on the Constitution, ag to the taking of the
census, they have put a construction as to the ap-
portionment, based on the enumeration. Now, if
it follows that there is a constitutional provision
for the taking of a cen-sus only once in every ten
years, then it also follows that jhere is the same
constitutional provision for the appoitionment
based on that census only once in every ten years.
The men who made this Constitution, in the First
Congress,fixed the time when the apportionment
should take effect, namely, on the 3d day of March,
1793, and every ten years thereafter. That ex-
ample has been followed by Congress. If, there-
fore, there is a constitutional provision that there
should be a period of ten years between the sev-
eral apportionments, as it has been determined by
legislation there should be between the several
enumerationspiovidedfoi in the Constitution, then
it follows that this apportionment should take effect
on the 3d day of March, 1863, instead of 1861, else
you make th<x period between the seventh and the
eighth apportionments eight years, while between
all the rest it is ten years.
There is another consideration. The act must
be taken as a whole, and there being no provision
in the act when this eighth census should begin
and when it should end, you must find that pro-
vision in the constitutional application, and aiso
in the act itself, which, taken as a whole, its de-
sign and purpose are perfectly apparent. It is
that all the machinery of that act as applicable to
the census of 1850 shall be applicable to the census
following. In other words, the act is to be moved
along as a whole to the next census, and applied
to that. It was provided in that act that the census
of 1850 should commence in June, 1850, and end
in November, 1850; and when it is applied lo the
census of I860, it should be Juno, 1860, and No-
vember, 1860. Taking that rule and applying it
to the apportionmi nt in the same act and that ex-
press provision of the act which says that the
apportionment for 1850 shall take effect fiom and
after the 3d day of March, 1853, wo must poo
that the apportionment for I860 nuisf take effect
from and after the 3d day of March, 1863, other-
wise you have no provision when the census shall
commence and when it shall end, and when the
apportionment shall take effect.
But, sir, the history of thatactdiscloses no such
design on the part o f i he makers of i tas is necessary
in order to maintain the con&ti uction of it adopted
by the memorialist. It is an impoi tan t change. It is
an overturning of ail of the precedents. It is adopt-
ing a new period from which to count the periods
of apportionment. lthas,as I have already said,
been uniform: the 3d of March, 1793; the 3d of
March, 1803; the 3d of March, 1813; the 3d of
March, 1803; the 3d of March, 1833; the 3d of
March, 1843; and on the 3d of March, 1853, all
ending and all commencing on that day. Then
suppose that it was the design of the makers of
that statute applying the statute they weie mak-
ing, so far as the census of 1850 was concerned,
according to the precedents established theretofore,
namely, that that apportionment was to commence
on the 3d day of March, 1853; and suppose that
as to the next one they were designing to have it
applied to the 3d of March, 186J: wc\should ex-
pect to find some trace of itdunng the discussion,
some reason in the report, some indication of that
peculiar feature; for the bill encountered much ob-
jection, and its friends urged it upon every ground.
The construction put upon the statute by the
memorialist requires that between the 1st of No-
vember, I860, and the 3d of March, 1861, it was
necessary for all these returns to be brought in
to the Secrctaiy of the Interior, else he could not
make that apportionment; it was necessary for
the Census Bureau to so far have completed its
woik as to enable them to ascertain the entire
aggregate of the population of the country, be-
cause upon that the apportionment depended. It
was necessary also for the Sccietary of the In-
terior to have made within that time the appor-
tionment according to the rule proscribed, and it
was necessary also for him within that period to
notify the House of Representatives, and to make
out a certificate notifying all the Executives of
the several States of the number of membeis to
which each State was severally entitled. All that
was to be done between November, 1860, and
March, 1861.
And then it was necessary for the Legislatures
of the several Slates to meet and district the
States within that time; and further than that, it'
was necessary to hold elections in the several
States according to that apportionment between
the 1st of November and the 3d of March, 18G1,
else whenever the 4th of March came, whatever
might be the exigencies of the public service,
whatever might be the peril of the country, there
would be no Congress in existence, and there
would be no power in the States to elect one.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to know if the ap-
portionment made under which the member from
California claims a seat is the legal and proper
apportionment, lias there been a legal election of
members of Congress in New York, Ohio, Penn-
sylvania, and other States?
Mr. DAWES. I propose to call the attention
of the House to that point in a few moments. I
was about to say that this construction imposes
upon all parties connected with this matter—upon
the Legislatures and upon the people of the several
States—all this work between the 1st of Novem-
ber, 1860, and the 3d of March, 1861. It is a well-
known fact that a majority of this House was
elected before the 1st of November came around.
That was the case in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Mis-
sou i i, Vermont, and a great many other States. Of
course, they must have been elected under the old
apportionment, because the apportionment under
the new census and the census itself had not been
then made. Besides, the Legislatures of many of
the States did not meet at all between November
and March, and the time for holding those elec-
tions, according to immemorial usage of many of
the States, is fixed by statute before the 1st of
November. In some States, the time is fixed by
the constitution of the State itself before that day.
Now, to suppose that a change so radical, impos-
ing such new obligations upon the States, and
such burdens also, should have been intended in
the passage of a bill making the apportionment,
without any allusion to it by either its fiicnds or
its enemies, is hardly probable, to say the least.
But, sir, another objection to the construction
claimed by the memorialistis thatwhich has been
alluded to by the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sheffield.] If California is entitled to be
represented in Congress under the new apportion-
ment, every other State is entitled to the same.
There cannot be one set of Representatives here
tinder one apportionment and another set under
another apportionment; one State represented
under one law and another State under another
law. Now, I say, if California is entitled to be
lepresented hereunder this new apportionment,
then all other States are entitled to the same rule
of representation. Illinois will be entitled to five
new members; Iowa to four; Minnesota to three;
and so on. There is no way m the world to pre-
vent Illinois from coming here next week with
five new members, claiming their admission here,
if we admit the memorialist upon the claim he
sets up.
But that is not all. The number of members
in the House is fixed by law, and the number to
which each State is entitled is also fixed by law;
and if you admit five new members from Illi-
nois, you must make room for them by crowding
out five members from other States. Ohio, then,
has two too many; Pennsylvania has two too
many; New York has two too many, and my
unfoitunate State has one too many. Ohio has
twenty-one members here, according to the old
rule. Which two of the twenty-one are going to
retire. No particular two of the twenty-one arc
less elected than the other nineteen of their col-
leagues. The same is true of Pennsylvania, and
the same is true of New York. Ohio, according
to this claim, has elected twenty-one members,
when she is entitled to only nineteen. She has
not indicated which two of the twenty-one she
will discaid. Therefore the whole twenty-one
must Lake up their hats and walk out of this House,
and Ohio must select nineteen of them, or nine-
teen new ones to supply their places. The same
is true of Pennsylvania; the same is true of New
York; and the same is true of every State which
is here represented in excess of its right under the
new apportionment, provided that the claim of the
memorialist is correct. In other words, it is ut-
terly impossible to give force or effect to this claim
without admitting that this whole House must
becomc dissolved in order to be reorganized under
the new apportionment bill, to which California
alone has conformed. But this Congress has it-
self determined that question, in a bill passed in
the month of March last, to give to the several
States therein named a gieatcr number of Repre-
sentatives than the apportionment under the stat-
ute of .1850 had given them, and it was therein
expressly enacted that the act should take effect
from and after the 3d day of March, 1863- The
title of the act is " An act fixing the number of
the House of Representatives from and after the
3d of March, 1863," and it enacts:
That fiom and after the 3d day of March, 1863, the num-
ber of membeis of the Ilou&e of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United States shall be two hundred and forty-
one: and the eight additional members shall be assigned
one each, to Pennsylvania, Ohio,Kentucky,Illinois,Iowa,
Muiue&ota, Veiuiout, and Rhode fbkuid."
So that this Congress has, by that bill, without
division in either branch, determined that this
apportionment shall apply to the next Congress,
and commence there. Then it will be in accord-
ance with all precedent and nil constitutional con-
struction, and then California will be entitled to
three members.
Now, in point of fact, as will be seen by a let-
ter addressed to the committee by the Secretary of
the Interior, that the enumeration upon which
this provision was made, was not entirely com-
pleted and returned into the office of the Secretary
of the Interioruntil the 16th day of March. 1861.
It was therefore impossible to have completed the
apportionment by the 3d of March, 1861, and it
is not to be supposed that it would have escaped
the notice of Congress, when they enacted that
law, that accident or negligence might in some
case cause a failure to bring the returns in before
the 3d of March next following, so that they could
make the apportionment by that time.
Now, a word as to the objections made by this
memorialist. The first is, that if he is not elected
to this House, then the other two members fiom
California are not elected; because he says, that
as California elected three members, he is asmuch
entitled to a scat as the other two. In that objec-
tion he forgets the fact that California elects by
plurality. It appears from his own certificate that
two men had a higher number of votes than he
had. Now, how many are voted for makes no
difference; because, under the plurality rule, the
two having the highest number of votes are enti-
tled to the seats, no matter how many are voted
for.
The next objection is, that the direct tax laid in
July nt the extra session of Congiess, which the
Constitution requires shall be apportioned accord-
ing to numbers, has been apportioned among the
States so as to give to California what she would
be obliged to pay if entitled to three members of
Congress. And he claims that California, being
compelled to pay the tax according to the ratio of
three Representatives, therefore she is entitled to
three Representatives here. His claim is, in other
words, that in passing the tax act, Congress de-
termined.-that she should have three Representa-
tives; but then they apportioned the tax among
the other States in the same way, and that de-
termines that Illinois shall have five new members,
and Ohio two less; in other words, if that is the
effect of it, it creates the confusion in the present
House which I have justalluded to. But the tax
is an annual tax, and after this year it will come
right according to the apportionment. It may be
that in levying the direct tax there ought to have
been that distinction for this year; but the mistake
made in levying that tax cannot be corrected by
making another mistake. One mistake will not
cure another mistake.
He further claims that, even if the new appor-
tionment does not apply to this Congress, yet,in
equity and in right California is entitled to three
Representatives in this Congress. I wish, how-
ever, before I speak upon that point, to call at-
tention to the letter of the Secretary of the Interior
to the committee, from which it appears that he
took it for gran ted that the new apportionment ap*
