2980
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GL03&
June 25,
limit, modify, and control whatever any magis-
trate hi the nation may see fit to do. There are
uone that sit above us. Of all the powers in this.
Government, the frainers of it supposed the safest
lodgment of a supervisory control over the whole
was in the Congress of the United States, deriv-
ing'at frequent- recurrences their-power immedi-
ately from the people themselves. We are the
legislative power. Gentlemen talk of the rights
of war and the power of a military commander!
Is it not in the power of Congress to prescribe the
rules upon which your military chief shall act?
Do not Senators know that that whole code of
military law called " the Articles of War," is not
the dictate of the Chief Magistrate but the legis-
lation of Congress? The Chief Magistrate, the
Commander-in-Chief of your Army and Navy,
cannot make a single article of war, to regulate
the action of your armies even in the field, with-
out the consent of Congress. Sir, during tins
very session, without objection from any quarter,
upon the very subject under consideration, we have
superadded to our articles of war another and a
new article.
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator peimit
me to ask liirn a question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator ft0111 Ohio yield the floor to the Senator from
Illinois ?
Mr. WADE. Of course.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish respectfully to ask
the Senator whether, according to his view of the
constitutional powers of Congress and the Presi-
dent, Congress may diieet and control the Presi-
dent in the exercise of his authority as Command-
er-in-Chief of the Army and Navy?
Mr. WADE. Undoubtedly we can and un-
doubtedly we do. What is making an article of
war, I would ask the gentleman, but that?
^Mr. BROWNING. Allow me another word.
Then the Constitution is a falsehood, and the Pres-
ident is not Commandei-in-Cluefof the Army and
Navy.
Mr. WADE. Thatis agreat nonseqmtur. Ho
may be Commander-in-Chief of the Amiy of the
United States; but Congress, the legislative power
sitting superior to him or any other magistrate in
the nation, may regulate, modify,and direct what-
ever principles they please their chief commander
shall act upon and execute.
Does the Senator intend—he must intend it, be-
cause n man must be taken to speak of the subject-
matter under consideration, and it is the question
of confiscation that is under consideration—does
the Senator in his speech, in his plea for despotic
power in the Chief Magistrate, intend to contend
that the President can take the estate of A and
transfer u good title to B, on the principles ofeon-
fisctUion or forfeiture? Can he do it? 1 ask the
Senator again, can lie do it? Cun your Chief Ma-
fistriite do it, and how will the title be made out?
want him to answer (hat, after his throe hours'
speech.
_ Mr. IfROWNJNG-, I will answer. The ques-
tion has no sort of pertinence or signification at all.
Mr. WADE. 1 think it has. .There we differ.
We are acting upon a bill to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels and transfer it out of their hands
into those of the General Government. Who can
do it but Congress? Who can prescribe upon
what principle it shall betaken? The Senator
will not answer me for his venerated chief that is
armed with all power! He is too good a lawyer
exactly to see how be could transfer a title from
a rebel to theGeneial Government, or to anybody
else! Yousee then that youi unlimited chief does
Want a little power when lie acts on this question
confiscation. Undoubtedly and unquestion-
ably Congress is not going to interfere with (he
command ofagenemlin the field before theenemy;
they are not going to say to him, you shall march
such a brigade to such a place, and you shall coun-
termarch another, and you shall advance and re-
treat, and you shall intrench, end you shall pull
down your intrenchments, you shall assail the
enemy to-morrow,and you shall retreat from him
the next day. I do not doubt that Congress, if
they- were foolish enough, have power even to
regulate that; but it would be as foolish as any-
thing could be to attempt such an interference
with a general, a commander-in-chief in the field.
JNobody contemplates any such thing; but we may
lay down the principles on which the war shall be
prosecuted; we may enact a law to-day, if we will,
declaring'that the Army shall take no prisoners.
Of course the greater includes the less. If we
can say to this turbulent war to-morrow," peace,
be still" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo cannot.
Mr. WADE. Who doubts that we can do it?
Does the gentleman say we cannot make peace?
Who can, then? Cannot we enact a law that your
troops shall all be disbanded to-morrow?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. WADE. We can do that. Here is your
Commander-in-Chief—your President—proudly
strutting at the head of his troops; to-morrow we
can take all the troops from his command. That
shows a little power in Congress, I should think,
over your Commander-in-Chief. We may dis-
band the Army against the positive orders of this
potent chief of yours; he cannot resist it. We can
make peace also—1 mean with the assent of the
President; I speak of Congress, the law-making
power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will not mis-
understand me. I agree with him in the main in
what he lias said; but what I meant to say in my
side remaiks, which I did not suppose would be
answered, was simply that, so far as negotiation
was concerned, Congress, as Congress, in the
negotiating of peace have nothing to do.
Mr. WADE. I agree to that, It belongs to
the President and the Senate to negotiate peace
with a foreign Power. It is given in the Consti-
tution of the United States to the treaty-making
power. The President, and the Senate concurring
with him, can make peace in just such terms as
they please; but nevertheless, if we passed a law
to-morrow or next week that our armies shall be
disbanded, and that there shall be peace, would
it not he a good law, so far as we are concerned ?
Perhaps the confederacy would notregard it; they
might assail us still; but the enactmentof our law
would stand against the world, against the Pres-
ident, and everybody else.
Sir, it is as I said before, and I cannot speak of
it in any other terms than a most slavish and un-
American doctrine, to contend for this irrespons-
ible power of the Chief Magistrate in time of
war. 1 have as much respect for our Chief Ma-
gistrate as has the gentleman from Illinois. I
would be as loth to interfere with him in any of
his constitutional rights; but when it is set up fol-
ium or anybody else that he may be a tyrant, not
only trampling upon the people, but their repre-
sentatives in Congress, overriding all they can
do, and endeavoring to prevent their making such
laws with regard to the piosecution of this war as
in their judgment are right and proper, that this
chief is armed with irresponsible power, I, with
all my disposition to remain at rest and not talk
here, feel that I should be aside from my duty if
I saw such doctrines as these, more Asiatic than
American, proclaimed in an American Senate and
allowed them to pass unchallenged. Sir, they savor
of the absolute despotism of the eastern continent,
rather than of the stock from which we sprang
that go for limited government everywhere. I
hope that such doctrines will not ever gain a foot-
hold in America. I do not care how much we
think of our Chief Magistrate—and few think
more of him than I do*—1 cannot make an irre-
sponsible despotic chief of him, or anybody else.
I cannot do it without surrendering the powers I
have received from the people and being derelict
in my duty and unconscious of the oath I have
taken. Talk here of vindicating your Constitu-
tion, and yet talk of a total surretiderof that Con-
stitution, breaking down all its barriers, and con-
ferring in the most dangerous times all power
upon one man 1 Why, sir, it is the strangest
anomaly, the strangest insanity that ever settled
upon the head_ of a statesman. I believe both the
Senators give it up, and admit now that whether
we have the power or not, the President cannot
confiscate property of his own will and make a
good title-deed to anybody else. Congress must,
do it, or it cannot be done.
Now, sir, what are the rights of war? They
are just precisely such as Congressseefit toconfei
on the Chief Magistrate. He shall be Comman-
der-in-Chief of the Army, says the Constitution;
and the Senator from Illinois thinks that in its
very terms imports that he is high, exalted over
all the branches of theGovernment, supreme,and
despotic. There is nothing in the terms that im-
ports that. There never was a commander-in-
chief sent out by any Government in Europe, but
what acted in strict subordination to the Govern-
ment at home. He is nevertheless commander-
in-chief, sent out as such; he is invested with all
military power, but nevertheless under the con-
trol of the legislative power at home. Just so
here. We can call the commanders from thefield;
we may depose them; we may put up or may put
down. As I said before, we make the articles of
of war, which are nothing more nor less than the
laws by which the war shall be conducted. We
may say, as I suggested before that every man
who is taken with arms in his hands shall be
hung or shot as a traitor; or we may enact, on
the other hand, that an amnesty shall be given to
every man who is taken prisoner, and that imme-
diately he shall be discharged on taking the oath
of allegiance, or without taking an oath of alle-
giance; and that act will be binding upon the
President of the United States, and every com-
mander in the field everywhere. There is no
doubt of that.
Why, then, in order to resist this confiscation
bill, talk of the enormous overpowering despotic
authority of the President of the United States?
Sir, it has no relevancy to the case. We have full
power over the question. This is the proper placc
where the power should be lodged. In my judg-
ment, it should be promptly executed. Willie I
am up I will say—for I do not intend to argue this
confiscation bill over again—1 want the people to
understand that I am in favor of the bill, and had
1 the powerofCongress, I would take all the prop-
erty of rebels, and 1 would appropriate it to the dis-
charge of the enormous debt that we are incurring
in defense of this glorious Constitution of ours. I
want the people to know that I stand here as the
advocate of burdening traitors with the payment
and discharge of the enormous debts of this war.
I am for it; and if it is not done, I am not respons-
ible. I go for it. I would reduce these aristocratic
slaveholders to utter poverty. I know they are
conceited; I know they are essentially aristocratic.
I am fully persuaded that their minds and iheir
feelings are so in antagonism to republican demo-
cratic doctrines that it is impossible to reconcile
them, and we never shall have peace until we have
reduced the leaders to utter poverty and taken
thereby their influence away. I am for doing it.
It ought to be done. And I will say here now that
upon the principle on which your war is conducted,
you never will have peace. You cannot with one
handguard sedulously with your Army the prop-
erty of rebels and with the other fight them in the
field. They construe every such act of lenity into
cowardice and pusillanimity, and nothing else.
You will get no respect for it. They will treat you
with the more contempt. 1 defy any gentleman
upon this floor who contends for this lenient pol-
icy, now after more than one year's prosecution
of the war, to cite to me a single instance where a
rebel has been placated and has come round to the
support of the Union cause because you dealt len-
iently with his person or his property. I have
here anjorder from General McDowell that I ask
to have read, just to show the principle upon which
this accursed war is prosecuted.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock,
Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 26,1862,
[Special Oidur No 63 ]
Colonel Mcieditli, commanding the fit'tv-sixth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers will furnish fiom his regiment a "uani tor
the house and property of Mi. L.J. [Iiilinmn, who lives
near Bell I lain. Colonel Meredith will see that no more
corn it> taken fjom Mr. Huffman, ami ti)«u no incur /bueii/"
IS disturbed. The guard will be so plaeed as to make tliU
sure, even if it should be necessary to place a sentinel over
every panel of fence.
By command of Major General McDowell •
„ , „ SAMCEL ERECK,^. A. G.
Colonel S. A. Meredith,
r, Cominanrlhi" fijly-sizth Pennsylvania Voiimteers.
Sent by Mr. Huffman.
I certify the above is a true copy.
E. P. IIAJ.STED. Capt., Jl. A. O.
Mr. WADE, I am told that that Huffman,
whose every panel of fence is to be guarded by
a soldier paid for out of our pockets, is as,mailt
a^traitor as there is oil the face of God's earth.
Now, sir, what say you ? Can we reach tlnu prop-
erty ? Can we forage on the enemy? The Sen-
ator says no. Restrained by'the Constitution, are
we? We cannot even take it in the field. If we
can, we can confiscate it. If a State has n maga-
zine for the prosecution of this war, our arm"is
