1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States, transmitting
a copy of the special treaty between the United
States and his Majesty the King of Hanover, for
the abolition of the Stadt dues, have had the same
under consideration, and directed inc to report a
bill to carry into effect the stipulations of the treaty.
I present a letter from the Secretary of State, ad-
dressed to our minister at Berlin, relating to this
question, a copy of which has been transmitted
to the committeeby theDepartmentof'Statc,which
I am directed to report to the Senate, with the re-
quest that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
The bill (S. No. 215) to carry into (.•fleet the
stipulations of the treaty with Hanover for the
abolition of the Stadt dues, was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the letter of the Secretary
of State Was ordered to be printed.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to allow me to introduce a bill of which notice
has not been given, for the sake of having if printed
merely. It is a bill winch 1 intend to offer as a
substitute for the bill reported by the Committee
on the District of Columbia for the abolition or
slavery. I desire to say that I offer it, not in-
tending to obstruct, or in any way defeat the bill
of the committee, but simply to present a bill
which will better accomplish the object, and to aid
them in the undertaking.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 216) to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia; and it was read twice
by its title, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Cieik, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representative s had
signed an enrolled bill (FI. R. No 151) making
appropriations for sundry eml expenses of the
Govei anient for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G3, and additional appropriations foi the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President.
LOYALTY OF MR. STARK.
Mr. STARK. 1 submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the papeis lelafing to the lojaltv of Ben-
jamin Stark, a Son.itoi tiom Oregon, be wirhdtavvn fiom
the files or the Senate, and refciied to the Jiulieiaiy Com-
mittee, \\ itli instructions to investigate the ehanres pi efened
against said Stark on ail evidence which has boon oi may
be presented, and with powci to send lor persons and papeis.
Mi'. l-IALE. Lrt it lie over.
Mr. ST A RK. I shall detain the Senate foi but
a single moment. I prefer that the resolution
should not lie over unless the Senator from New
Hampshire has some particular leason for desir-
ing th.it it should. If he proposes to discuss it,
I .shall not urge it now.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to the passage of
it. I do not want it passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be objected
to, the matter is not open for discussion at this
time.
Mr. STARK. 1 refer it entirely to the cour-
tesy of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my objection, if the
Senator prefers to have it considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The objection
being withdrawn, the resolution is befoi e the Sen-
ate, and the question is on agreeing to it.
Mr. STARK. I do not propose to detain the
Senate by any discussion on the resolution at all;
but I desire to state that I after it myself because
I would spare any fiiend of mine what might be
an ungracious office, and I certainly would not
permit one who was opposed to me to place him-
self in such a false position as he might be sup-
posed to be putin by piysenUnic the resolution;
and i am anxious, if there is any Senator who pro-
poses to be the prosecutor of the chaig< s implied
in those papeis, thatcveiy oppoitumty may be
afforded to hnn. I protest, however, that in pie-
senting it myself, I am not to be considered as
volunteering to be the prosecutor of myst If.
I avail myself also of this opportunity to say,
moreover, that relying upon my own conscious-
ness of loyalty and fidelity to the country, and
yielding to no man in devotion to the Constitution
and the Union, and in revercncc and veneration
for the flag of my country, I have heretofore re-
frained from entering into the question whiclrwas
contained in those papers, preferring to stand, as
the Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] recog-
nized, upon what I conceive to be my personal
honor and the rights of my State. I have in my
resolution given the direction to those papers
which ! prefer they should take, and if any one
chooses to prosecute the measure any further, I
shall be only too happy to meet it.
Mr. HALE. I was far from putting myself in
the situation of prosecutor in this case, on any
ground, personal or political. 1 think the Senator
from Oregon has proof himself that I have no de-
sire to persecute or prosecute him. I have acted
thus far, upon my convictions of public duty. I
look upon the question as settled 
Mr. STARK. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire will permit me to say that I stated that I
presented the resolution myself, not only to spare
my friends an ungracious office, but also to relieve
any one who might be opposed to me from what
would appear to be a prosecution.
Mr. PIALE. I look upon the question as sub-
stantially and fully settled by the vote of the Sen-
ate yesterday. I mean on the evidence then be-
fore us; and I shall vote for the Senator to retain his
seat, whatever the Committee on the Judiciary
may repoit. It will make no odds to nic what
they report, unless some new case shall be made
out against the Senator; and as I do not understand
the Senator to submit anything but what has al-
ready been considered by the committee and by
the Senate, I am opposed to any further proceed-
ings upon it, and shall vote against the resolution.
Mr.'HOWARD. I did not happen to be in
my seat at the time the gentleman from Oregon
piesented these papers, and therefore I ask that
the Secretary may read the resolution which he
has presented.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mi. HOWARD. 1 would put an inquiry to
the gentleman fi oni Oiegon: whether he proposes
to take any active steps in this behalf himself. I
consider a prima facie case made out against him
upon the papeis, and I desire to know whether he
contemplates making an effort to rebut the pre-
sumption created by these papers; whether that
is his purpose.
Mr. CLARK. I voted yesterday for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumxer] with a view to an examination. 1 con-
ceived then that it might be due to the Senator
from Oiegon that he should have an opportunity
to make a further statement to the Senate. If he
desires it now, I certainly shall vote for his reso-
lution; and I hope ho may have an opportunity,
and that such an investigation may be made as lie
oi any of his fiiends or anybody else may desire.
I hope the lexolution will be passed.
Mi. SUMNER. I cannot express too strong
a regret at the vote; of the Senate yesterday. I
regiet it foi tile Senate itself. I regret it for the
pimciple that was then established. Butit is now
pi<'posed that we should endeavor to remedy—I
put it in that way—what we did yesterday. The
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] thinks
that the action yesterday was final. I fear that it
maybe so legarded. But even if not so regarded,
any further proceeding wiil, I fear, be little more
than a continuation of the comedy which has been
already begun.
There are papers upon your table which at this
moment are uncontradicted. If they are not set
aside as absolutely false, then the present Sen-
ator from Oregon, yesterday n claimant for aseat
on this floor, is a disloyal man. I say, sir, if
those papers remain uncontradicted this is the ab-
solute, irresistible conclusion. 1 do not say that
the Senator is a disloyal man; 1 say that on those
papeis uncuntiadicted he is a di&ioyal man; and
I do not wonder, therefore, that the Senator should
seek an opportunity of lemoving that gia\e im-
putation. I am not astonished that other Senators
who have aided him in entering into this Chamber
should seek, perhaps, also to remove from them-
selves the responsibility of the act which has been
done, if Senators, theicforc, arc disposed to con-
tinue tins inquiry, I say let it proceed. Perhaps it
is due to the Senator, perhaps it is due to the Sen-
ate itself; but if it proceeds, I know not that any
person here can be called prosecutor. I know not
; that m any of these proceedings any person can
! be so legarded. The proceeding is for the sake
of the Senate; it is to save its honor, its character ?
and to give security to those high trusts which*
under the Constitution, the Senate has to perform.
I think, therefore, as the proposition is made,
though after the vote of yesterday I never should
have brought-it forward, the Senate ought to pro-
ceed with it. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
| like the language of the Senator from Massachu-
: setts. He made some half dozen harangues to
, the Senate upon this case-which failed to convince
1 a majority that he was right; and although he un-
| dertook to say that the Senate would stultify it«£lf
: by not following his lead and acting according to
I his views, I do not feel that I have stultified my-
i self because I have had the misfortune tdydiffer
! from him. And now, sir, what does he mean by
j saying that he docs not wonder that Senators who
have done this deed wish to relieve themselves of
the responsibility ? Sir, is not my responsibility
as great as his? I am one of them. What rigHt
i has he to assume to lecture me and my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and the majority of
the Senate, for the decision they have made? Is
his standing so lofty that he has a right to lecture
Senators for what they do under the responsi-
bilities of their oath, and their position before the
country? Sir, I am as ready to defend my action,
if it needs defense, as he is to defend his, and I
can do it, I trust, to as much effect. No one, I
believe, in this country doubts that Iactupon con-
scientious principles any more than himselforany
less than himself. I do not like this style, sir. I
am responsible for what I do; and when I exhibit
any fear of the consequences of my own actions
here, or any disposition to shake off the views
which 1 have expressed or the votes which I have
given, it will be time enough for that eminent Sen-
ator to stand up and say that he does not wonder
that Senatois older than himself—not older here,
pel haps, but older in yeais and having had some
expedience—dcsiic to relieve themselves of the
responsibility. Sir, I feel no responsibility in this
matter, except what I feel in all cases. I acted
upon my ownJndividual opinions. Are they not
entitled to as much respect as his? "What right,
then, has he to say before the country that he does
not wonder that Senators seek to relieve them-
selves of responsibility? It will be time enough
for him to say that when they ask his aid to es-
cape from the responsibilities of their action, but
it will be long, I trust, before I ask it.
Mr. HARRIS. I commend the course of the
new Senator from Oregon in offering* this propo-
sition. I honor him for it. After what has been
said in the course of the debate upon the question
whether he should be admitted or not, it was be-
coming in hnn to*tender to the Senate the fullest
opportunity to investigate the charges against him.
He will be honored for it; he deserves to be.
But, sir, I should prefer myself not to have this
lcsolution adopted; certainly I should prefer that
it should not go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senate cannot be unaware of the fact that, so
far as I am concerned, an humble member of that
committee, my own opinion is formed, and not-
withstanding ail that has been said, though the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard,] said there
were fifty-one witnesses against this Senator, I as-
sert upon my responsibility as a member of the
Senate, that there aie not more than four witnesses
whose testimony would be received in any judi-
cial tnbunal; and what is the effect of their testi-
mony? In my judgment it furnishes merely the
evidence that this Senator, like a great many other
citizens of the United States, of yourState,sir,and
mine, were, during the last political campaign, that
class of politicians known as Breckinridge Demo-
crats, engaged in a system of political lilibuster-
i lug. He was undoubtedly one of that class; and
j it was continued until the ignominious attack upon
I our flag at Fort Sumtei; and then that sort of fili-
! blistering was extinguished, at least in my section
| 0f the country; and we have heard nothing from
j him since that. I will not say, however, that we
! have not seen something of that kind in this Senate
| upon this question.
t Now, sir, with those views, regarding all the
j evidence in the case as only amounting to this,
[ and as no evidence of disloyalty or treason, I do
t not think I am a fit poison to &erve upon a com-
1 mittec to investigate thismatter. The Senate know
| that my judgment is formed, that there is notsufn-
' cient evidence upon which this Senator can be con-
