THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
ifle rip here to-day to answer that question on a
bill that I'have not examined, he is mistaken; of
course I give no such answer as that. "We alt
know the powers of Congress are those given
either expressly or by implication. I think Con-
gress has power, if the gentleman wishes to know,
td regulate the President in- a certain degree, by
regulations and rules made for the Army. I think
Congress may have power to pass confiscation
acts. I do notdeny it. I have never taken ground
that they have not. On the contrary, I have
taken the ground that they have. I have voted
here several times directly and impliedly for a
measure of that kind. I should be glad to see
it passed. 1 want the bill to be constitutional.
There is a bill which the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] has offered. The Sen-
ator from Michigan says it is not constitutional,
and he* will not vote for it. The Senator has
avowed his love for the Constitution, and so has
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
in language which implied fhat other Senators had
not as great an affection for it. I tell them 1
would not violate my constitutional oath sooner
than they would. If that bill is not constitu-
tional, in my humble judgment, it will never have
my vote. I do not claim to be very astute on a
constitutional question. Still, 1 can form some
opinion with regard to it; but 1 repent, as to being
inquired of whether a certain matter is constitu-
tional or not, and 1 am to say yes or no, I do not
think that is a proper way of catechizing.
I said another thing which might possibly be
misunderstood, if it was of importance enough to
be considered; 1 said it was just us much the duty
of Virginia and Georgia, as a portion of the Uni-
ted Scatesof America, to take part with the General
Government, to assist the General Government in
puttingdown this rebellion, as it was the duty of the
State of Connecticut. The President of the United
States thought so when he issued his call for troops
to all the Stales. He did not suppose that they
were out of the Union; and I say to-day that
Georgia is as much bound, as a portion of the Uni-
ted States, to assist in suppressing this rebellion as
Connecticut, in the eye of the Constitution. The
Constitution, the law, does not excuse Georgia.
In that sense, therefore, I say Georgia is in the
Union. 1 think as a corporate body, as a body-
politic raid corporate, she is to-day in the Union.
That is my judgment. I believe that the individ-
ual citizens of Georgia are guilty of treason, in-
surrection; and if \ had the power I would march
an army into the State of Georgia and I would
quell that insurrection; 1 would use means as ter-
rific as those which the Senator from Ohio would
use, assuming, as he does, that he acta in a higher
sphere on this question than I do. He shall not
go to the people and tell fhem that I am asserting
slavish doctrines here; that I am for yielding on
this question; that 1 am not ready to use any
means—proper means, of course, for none of us
would use barbarous means; we do not intend to
relapse into a barbarous state—to suppress this
war in the State of Virginia, made upon us by
whom? Not by the State of Virginia. She has
never declared war; she cannot do it; but by the
individual citizens of Virginia, who, as traitors,
are levying war against tlie United States.
Now, sir, I cannot, for my part, conceive what
was the cause of the excitement which the Sena-
tor from Ohio seemed to be under with regard to
the few remarks I submitted, unless it was that
they were on this bill, and he thought they must
be one side or the other, and rather inferred they
were not on his side, and supposed they were
against his views,and therefore he must attribute
to me thofte sentiments.
Now, he-says the South must bo here equals, or
one or the other must be masters. I agree to that.
If they ever corae under this Government and act
with us again, as it is their duty to act, it must be
as equals, or the one or the other must be masters.
1 trust I need not tell the Senator from Ohio, who
was born wuliin five miles of the spot where I first
saw the light, that I am no njore ready than he is
to admit those people as masters. 1 agree to the
SfMunerit that if either party are to be masters u
wili be those north of Mason and Dixon's line.
If either party is to be subjugated* to go under the
yoke, it shall not be with my consent those whom
I represent. That is my feeling with regard to it,
I am ready to take very extreme measures to
fcriag abjuil such H result. Have I not already
said so? Need I refer to what I have said on the
floor of this Senate before? 1 might-claim, if it
were proper for me to refer to what I have before
said, that I was the first man in this Senate-who
said that if the time came tKat this Union of ours
or slavery should perish, I would say, let slavery
perish, and let the Union live forever. I say to-
day that I would not hesitate a moment if the
question were between slavery and the Union. I
would emancipate every slave; I do not know but
I would go further, and exterminate the white
race from the southern soil, rather than consent
to a dissolution of this Union. I know not where
I would stop. The war should be terrific, over-
whelming, devastating, if it swept every man otf
the face of the country in the rebellious legion.
That is my feeling with regard to it; but still,
while I have that feeling, I claim to cherish some
feeling of humanity. I should be glad to seethe
war brought to a close by milder means than those
I have indicated; I do not wish to see the extir-
pation and the extermination of the white race;
but in all that is necesary to sustain and uphold
the authority and majesty of the Government of
the United States I will go as far as the Senator
from Ohio; and he will pardon me for feeling a
little unwilling that he should by color of state-
ment represent me as entertaining any other view.
I think the doctrine I asserted was the only cor-
rect one. I think it is a fatal heresy to say that
these States are out of the Union. It is, to my
mind, secession itself. If they are out of the
Union, I know not how they can return. If these
States have severed their connection with the Gov-
ernment of the United States, I know not how
they can be restored. But, sir, my belief is, that
they are just as much subject to the Constitution
of the United States as they ever were. They can-
not throw it off. I never would consent that they
should throw it off. To my mind, this opens up
a much easier mode of reconciliation, if a recon-
ciliation after public enemies are subjugated ever
shall take place. Now, sir, suppose the war is
at an end; suppose the rebellion is suppressed,
crushed out, and armed resistance to the Federal
Government has ceased through all our wide do-
main. Suppose it shall appear that the loyal cit-
izens of Tennessee—a seceded State, a rebellious
State, if a State can secede and rebel; for a ma-
jority of that State and their Legislature have
voted for secession, and have been in actual, open,
flagrant war with the United States—suppose the
loyal citizens of Tennessee should be in a major-
ity, should elect a Legislature, and they should
send a colleague to Andrew Johnson here; per-
haps the present Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and ho comes in here with his com-
mission as a Senator: shall we then be told that
Tennessee is not in the Union; that there must be
a reconstruction; that she must be readmitted into
the Union ? She must be, if the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts is correct. That I
understand to be his doctrine. He says Tennes-
see is guilty of felo de se; that she forfeited her
rights as a State. Docs the Senator from Ohio be-
lieve so? If he does, let him say so. Does the
Senator from New Hampshire believe that doc-
trine? I do not thirtk he does. If he does, I have
the misfortune of differing from him. I say Ten-
nessee has not forfeited her rights as a State; that
she cannot forfeit them by any act as a corporate
body. I might sny, perhaps, that she had no
rights. Her citizens have rights; and they have
aright under and by. virtue of the Constitution
which created a Government, not of Tennessee,
but of all the people of the United States, to all the
privileges granted by that Constitution. If their
light is extinguished, " I know not where is the
Promethean torch that shall that light relume."
When that State shall send here a loyal represent-
ative, chosen by a loyal Legislature, 1 shall ask
him when he crosses that threshold, as I asked the
honorable Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Stark,]
whether he was loyal? I had reference to this ques-
tion then. I never would admit that a Senator
could enter this Chamber without having that
question put to him; for I think that to be a citi-
zen of the United States, implies a loyal citizen
of the United States. If he is'nora loyal citizen
of the United States, he is no citizen. That is un-
derstood and implied in the Constitution. There-
fore, I ventured to say, and thereby gave offense
to some Senators, that I thought the vote of the
Senate was disastrous on that question with regard
to the Senator from Oregon. I intended, of course,
no disrespect to any individual. I thought I could
speak ofthe vote rather as an abstraction. I thought
it was an unfortunate vote, so far as itgave up the
doctrine that we might ask a Senator, when he at-
tempted to cross that threshold, whether he were
a loyal citizen. If a Senator from Tennessee came
here to-day, and in reply to that question should
tell me he was loyal, and that he was elected by
a Legislature which had taken the oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, the ques-
tion would be, whether he should be admitted here
or refused admission because Tennessee was not
in the Union?
That is what I intended to talk about when 1 was
up before, and I received a rebuke directly from
the Senator from Ohio, and, as I thought, rather
impliedly from the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. WADE. I did not intend any rebuke. I
mistook the gentleman. I thought he was speak-
ing of the bill under consideration; but I nowun-
derstand that he was speaking on another subject.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator spoke of both Sena-
tors giving u p to the principle of executive author-
ity. I did say I thought he could free aslave. Does
the Senator think so ? If he was in command of
the Army, and found a slave who, if his liberty
were given him, would be useful to the service,
would not General McClellan have power to lib-
erate him?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. But, sir, I have dwelt on this sub-
ject too long. I gave my reason for speaking upon
it in the outset, and gave it in'good faith. What
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from New
Hampshire say is read and pondered, marked and
inwardly digested in the State from which 1 coine,
and therefore I was unwilling even to be misinter-
preted by those Senators.
Mr. HOWARD. Now that my friend from
Connecticut is on the subject of the seceded States
in a condition of actual rebellion, and that he de-
nies so stoutly that a State can commit/Ho de se,
as it is called, I ask him what has become of the
ancient and respected loyal State of Tennessee,
with its State government, its Senate and House
of Representatives, its judicial authorities, and
all its other State magistrates and functionaries?
Where is that loyal State; where are those func-
tionaries, and whatare they in law ? Do they exist
in fact? I desire him to answer that if he pleases,
for I regard it as a question of some consequence,
and one upon which I shall take the liberty of say-
ing a word at the proper time in the Senate. I
want to know what has become of the loyal State
of Tennessee ?
Mr. DIXON. That is a question on which I
have bestowed some thought in the discussion
which I have already commenced here, and I will
give him my views in regard to it. It is not a
question free from difficulty; it is a difficult ques-
tion; but in the outset i will commence by saying
that in considering what has become of the State
of Tennessee, we cannot admit that the State of
Tennessee is not in existence for the reason which
I have indicated already, as a question of fact.
Andrew Johnson is to-day a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, and his name is every day called by
your Secretary, and he is sometimes wanting here
to make a quorum. I think therefore the Senator
from Michigan must admit that Tennessee is a
.State in that case.
Mr. HOWARD. No; it docs not follow from
that. Mr. Johnson was elected while the State
of Tennessee was loyal. My question is, what
has become of the loyal State of Tennessee?
Mr. DIXON. Very well; that does not affect
the question whether Tennessee is in the Union.
It affects the question whetherTennessee isloyal
to the Union. Disloyal Tennessee, that is, a dis-
loyal Legislature, may not elect a Senator. Now
I will tell him what I think of the State. Black-
stone says the King of England is a corporation,
and can never die. I think the State of Tennes-
see is a corporation, a body-politic and corporate,
and can never die. That is my belief in regard to it.
I may be mistaken; but where is the government?
Is that disorganized ? Very likely, it is possible
thata State may be in abeyance; it is possible that
the government of a State may be disorganized; it
may be disorganized by invasion, or, as in the pres-
ent instance, by insurrection or war. What then?
Has the State ceased to exist as a body-pohtie and
corporate? There may be a practical difficulty as to
