1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BLAKE stated that-Mr. Blair, of Penn-
sylvania, had paired off with Mr. Webster.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on agree-
ing to the resolution as amended*, and being put,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. NOELL moved to reconsider the vote by
•which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Segar then appeared and was qualified
by taking the usual oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. During the call of the roll a moment ago,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Blake] announced
that I was paired with Mr. Blair, of Pennsyl-
vania. The gentleman was mistaken about that.
I was paired with Mr. Blair on all questions in
which the nigger was involved; but not seeing the
institution in that question, I voted.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Allow me to add a
word in connection with the subject refened to by
the gentleman from Maryland. 1 omitted to state,
at the proper time, that 1 was also requested by
Mr. Blair to state that he was paired with Mr.
Bailey, of Pennsylvania, on ail questions except
the case of Mr. Segar. I make this statement m
reference to the California case, and ask that it
may be noted.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say that in the debate which we had the other
day, I regret the personal remarks and imputa-
tions on thegentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Ros-
coe Conkling.] They were words used in the
heat of debate. They were unparliamentary also,
and out of order, and I ask the House'to forget
that they were ever made.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
am glad that reflection has induced the statement
to which the House has just listened, and I avail
myself of the opportunity to say that if on any
occasion the warmth of discussion has led rae to
do violence to the proprieties of this place, or to
wound the feelings of any member of this body,
I regret it.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I propose to rail up at this time the contested-elec-
tion case from Nebraska. 1 ask for the reading of
the resolutions reported from the Committee of
Elections.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That J. Sterling Morton is not entitled to a seat
in tills House as a Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska
in the Thirty-Sovonth Congress.
Resolved, Thut Samuel G. Daily is entitled to a seat in
this House as a Delegate from the Terntory of Nebraska in
the Thiity-Seventh Congress.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to permit me to offer a usual reso-
lution .
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr.YOORHEES. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That J- Sterling Morton have leave to occupy
a seat on the floo; of this House, pending the discussion of
the report of the Committee of Elections, on theca<?e of his
contest for the seat now occupied by Samuel G Daily as
Delegate from Nebraska; aiul that he have leave to speak
to the merits of said contest, and to the report thereon.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 now move to amend the
first resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections, by striking out the word " not," so that
it will read,
Resolved, That J. Sterling Morton is entitled to a seat m
this House, &c.
Mr. COX. I offer the following, as a substitute
for both resolutions:
Resolved, That neither J. S. Morton nor S. G. Daily has
been duly elected as Delegate from the Tennoiy of Ne-
braska in the House of Iiepiesentative3, and that the seat
is therefore hereby declaiod vacant, and that the Speaker of
the Ilouse do notify the Governor of said Terntoiy ot said
vacancy.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know but that the
House is already so weary of these election cases
as not to desire to pay attention to them further
to-day. But it is due to the parties in this case
that the House should, eiiher to-day or to-mor-
row, listen to the statement of the case. I would
myself desire to have it disposed of to-day.
By the returns of the election under which both
these parties claim a seat, held in October, 1860,
as canvassed and certified by the board of can-
vassers, Mr. Morton had 2,957 votes, and Mr.
Daily 2,945 votes, leaving a majority of 12 for
Morton. The Governor of the Territory of Ne-
braskagave Mr. Morton the certificate of election,
based on this canvass. Subsequently to that, the
same Governor of Nebraska gave Mr. Daily a
certificate that he had received the majority of the
votes, reciting in this certificate that certain votes
counted in that canvass were fraudulent and bogus,
and that therefore Mr. Daily had received a ma-
jority of votes and was duly elected.
The House will recollect that at the last session
both these parties appeared before the House, and
claimed to be sworn in, pending the cpntest. The
Clerk inserted Mr. Daily's name on the roll, and,
when it was reached, it was objected to. On a
hearing had, it was finally decided, on the second
day of the session, that Mr. Daily should be sworn
in, and he was accordingly sworn in. Subse-
quently Mr. Morton presented a memorial to the
House, praying for a rehearing of the question as
to who was entitled to the seat during the contest.
That memorial was referred to the Committee of
Elections. The committee heard both these par-
ties on that memorial and made a report, which
was sustained by the House. It was again de-
cided that Mr. Daily should occupy the seat pend-
ing the contest. Thereupon a resolution, offered
by the gentleman from Illinois,[Mr. Richardson,]
was adopted, in these words: *
" Resolved, Th.it the papers in the ease of the contested
&eat <oi Delegate from th<> Ten itory of Nebraska be referred
to the Committee ofElections, and that they be authorized
to investigate and report on the same without regard to no-
lice; and that all other cases of contests for seats in this
House bo aho referred to that committee for investigation
and report."
This seemed neccssary because of a statute pro-
vision that notice of contest shall be given by any
person intending to contest a seat, within thirty
days of the delivery of the certificate by the proper
authority. On the first certificate to Mr. Mor-
ton, Mr. Daily had served a notice of contest on
him, and that notice had been answered accord-
ing to the requirement of the statute. The par-
ties had proceeded under that state of facts to pre-
pare the case for consideration by the House. But
when the relations of the parties were reversed
by the action of the House, and when Mr. Daily
became the sitting Delegate, and Mr. Morton the
contestant, Mr. Morton would have been, were it
not for that resolution, laboring under the diffi-
culty that the thiitydays had already expired.
It was therefoie eminently just and proper for the
House to adopt that resolution. The parties did
not proceed, at the last session, to a hearing be-
fore the committee. They appeared, however, at
this session, and, on a case made up under the
pleadings when the parties were reversed m order,
they proceeded to submit their case to the com-
mittee, and on these proceedings the committee
has made its report. The allegations made by the
then contestant and now sitting member, are con-
tained in House Miscellaneous Document of last
session, No. 4. They are thirteen in number. I
cannot read them over. I ask those members who
desire to understand the case so thoroughly as to
be able to decide it on their judgment—as I know
every member does—to look at these thirteen arti-
cles of specification on the part of Mr. Daily, and
then to look at Mr. Morton's reply, on the 3d
page of that document. In order that the real
merits of the issue may be understood, it is ne-
cessary that both of these be read.
The sitting member alleges that of the 2,957
votes counted by the canvassers for Mr. Morton,
there were 122 votes returned or polled in the
northern district of L'eau-qui-eourt county, 18
votes returned from the Monroe precinct of Platte
county, 39 votes returned as polled in the county
of Buffalo, and 20 votes returned as polled in the
Rulo precinct, Richardson county—in all, 199
votes, which should be rejected from that count.
I propose, if the House will do these parties the
justice to listen, to call attention to the evidence
m support of these allegations, and then to the
answer thereto. One hundred and twenty-two
votes were counted by the canvassers for Mr.
Morton for the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-
court county, which are charged by the sitting
member as being bogus, as being cast"by a far less
number of men, and also by men who were not
residents of the Territory at all, except two of
th'em. This northern precinct of L'eau-qui-couvfc
is situated on the Missouri river, oft the outer line
of the Territory, opposite the Yancton-Sioux In-
dian station in Dakota, with nothing but the Mis-
souri river between them. It is claimed by the
sitting member that some forty men from the
Yancton-Sioux nation, and from the neighbor-
hood around there, as they could be picked up,
crossed over on that day, improvised an election,
and cast 122 votes, all for the contestant, Mr.
Morton. The evidence in suppert of this allega-
tion comes from four witnesses, and from other
circumstances surrounding the case. One of these
witnesses was a man appointed as judge of me
election, who had been a resident of the county
for four years, who some two months before the
election visited the spot and found but five resi-
dents there, three of whom had left the place be-
fore the election, leaving only two others, whose
names he gives.
One of the other witnesses acted as an officer of
the election upon the day. Two of them voted on
that day, and testified that they came over from
Dakota Territory. One of them testifies that not
more than twenty-five persons were present on
that day, that a portion of these were half-breed
Indians, and that'some of them resided with the
>Yancton-Sioux Indian nation of Dakota. One
resided in St. Louis, one in Iowa, and all about
there. One man by the name of Cox testifies
more fully than all the others, but all substantial-
ly corroborate each other, and at this place, with-
out the trouble or expense of travel or other in-
convenience. They state that men went to this
poll and voted, not only once, but several times,
changing their clothes; and that havingvoted sev-
eral times for themselves, they then voted for their
friends in a sort of proxy, calling out the name of
a man, depositing a ballot in his behalf, and then
entering his name upon the poll-book. There is
in the list the name of one poor blind fiddler living
in Sioux City, Iowa, one hundred and fifty miles
distant, who had the blesse'd privilege of exercis-
ing the elective franchise upon this occasion.
Now, sir, this testimony could have been easily
refuted if there had been any such men there. If
these men had lived there, and had been citizens
of the Territory of Nebraska, it would have been
the easiest thing imaginable to have proved it.
Not only one, ten, twenty, but the whole one hun-
dred and twenty-two voters could have been pro-
duced to testify that they were there, residents,
and voted properly, if the contestant had thought
proper to incur the expense of bringing them. If
the allegation of the sitting Delegate had been un-
true, it would have been very easy to have ex-
ploded the whole statement. If he did not produce
the whole one hundred and twenty-two, he might,
at least, have so far respected the elective fran-
chise as to have brought one.
But not a single witness was brought before the
committee, not a single deposition was taken dur-
ing the preparation of this case for a hearing be-
fore the committee n pon the part of the contestant
to show that there was a solitary voter resident
there who cast his vote upon this occasion, save
the two men named in this report.
The contestant contented himself with attack-
ing the credibility of the witnesses introduced by
the sitting Delegate. To one of them he brings the
objection that he signed the return as one of the
judges of election, certifying that there were one
hundred and twenty-two votes cast; and to that
extent it does shake the confidence of men in the
testimony of this witness. When a witness, who
was a judge of election, certifies that one hundred
and twenty-two legal votes were cast, and then
testifies under oath that tfoe votes were not given
by legal voters, his evidence must be taken with
that degree of allowance that courts always give
to the testimony of a man who turns State's evi-
dence.
Two more of the witnesses the contestant un-
dertakes to impeach, by saying that they were
bribed upon the part of the sitting Delegate to test-
ify. But the evidence before the committee is,
that living in the extreme part of the Territory,
in L'eau-qui-court county, and the testimony be-
ing taken during the cold weather in November,
there being no such officers as are prescribed by
the United States statutes for the taking of testi-
