1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. STARK. Taking the leply of the Sen-
ator ft om Massachusetts, which is not as direct
as I expected ho would be willing to make, after
having just said that a majority of the Senate had
opened the doors of the Senate to disloyalty, I
intended to ask him, if he did not mean to be un-
derstood as declaring that I was a disloyal man,
how had the' doors of the Senate been opened to
disloyalty?
Mr. SUMNER. When I said the Senate had
opened its doors to disloyalty, I referred to all
the consequences of that vote. Jefferson Davis,
Robert Toombs, Judah P. Benjamin, and all in
their train, may enter now through the same door
thai has been opened to admit the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. STARK. That is a matter of argument.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will please not
to interrupt me; I have answered his question
precisely on the papers. And now 1 have taken
too much time; more than 1 intended. My sole
purpose was to relieve myself from the injurious
suggestion made by the Senator from Maine,and
also—more carefully and kindly—by the Senator
from Illinois. I certainly intended nothing which
could justify either of them in any such sugges-
tion as they made. They have misconceived the
motive with which I spoke, and the spirit of my
few words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will ex-
cuse me for talking; I wish to settle this matter
so faras I am concerned. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts now says the same thing over again.
I do not think that lie does it with any evil intent,
or that lie perceives the force of his language; but
the amount of what he says now is simply this:
that perceiving that certain Senators recommend
a further investigation, he infeis that the motive
is that they may iid themselves of the responsi-
bility of their vote. That is all there is of it. No
Senator had intimated any such motive, and there
was no real ground, except the suspicions of the
Senator, to impute any such motive to any one;
because the truth is that the explanation is that
they think the matter ought to be investigated in
another shape. The Senator has supposed a mo-
tive, and on the supposed motive he has made the
remarks he has, which might be calculated to do
injury to Senators, if not, answeied, before the
country. I confess that the imputation of such a
motive to mo, as connected with my vote—I did
not know what it arose from at all, but of such j
an idea in my own mind of any de.siie to f>hun,
in the slightest possible way, the m sponsibihty of
any vote I give—offended air, for the reason that
I really believe Senators present know me wei!
enough to be aware ihat I never sin ink from the
responsibility of any thing (do. I am not disposed
to shrink from any proper responsibility that be-
longs to me; nor do I desire to explain or avoid
it, unless 1 think 1 have done something wrong.
I therefore felt offended; I thought the imputation
was improper, and especially impioperaseonimg
from a long-known and cherished friend lo me;
and I felt indignant, and I may have expressed
myself with heat, and in a manner that was offens-
ive. I am very sorry that was so; because, after
all, there can, m my belief, be nothing between
the Senator from Massachusetts and myself but
kindness. If I do feel sensibly from anybody an
imputation upon my personal motives in making
remarks here of any kind, it belongs to me; and
if I feel U more when it comes from a peisonal
friend than from anybody else, that also belongs
to me. I cannot help it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
den t 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will permit
me, 1 appeal to him to let us dispose of this ques-
tion; do not let us spend another day upon it. ,
We can come to a vote now in five minutes. i
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, if Senators j
are ready to vcrte, I am willing to agree to it. If ;
not, not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have tried that be-:
fore. i
Mr. HALE. I call for the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The special order
now before the Senate is Senate bill No. 151; but
if it be the unanimous consent of the body to take !
the question upon the resolution submitted by the
Senator from Oregon, the Chair will submit that '
question. |
Mr. HALE. Let us have the special order. !
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire is understood to insist on the
special order. It is, therefore, before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to postpone the
special order, and let us dispose of this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor on the special order,
and no Senator can intervene.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I took the floor in order
to proceed with the bill. I do not design,myself,
addressing the Senate upon it at this time. 1 wish
to proceed with the bill; and while I am now on
my feet, I will say to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin that this other question cannot be disposed of
without debate. There are Senators here who
intend to discuss it. It was called up in the morn-
ing hour, and I want to know if this important
bill, as I regard it, is to be crowded outoftheway
every day? I have made it a special order, and
this Oregon ease has crowded it out for two days
already, and here it comes up again on a resolu-
tion. Is the Senator from Wisconsin going to
crowd it over another day to discuss this resolu-
tion of reference merely ? I do hope we may be
permitted to proceed with the special order. I
have no objection to the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] presenting a bill, or anything
of that sort, that takes no time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone Jhe
special older with a view to take up House bill
No. 208, being the legislative appropriation bill.
I will state to the Senate that I do so because I
am pressed in different quarters to have this bill
passed as soon as possible. Theie are clerks in
the Department who have pay due to them, and
are really suffering for the want of their money,
and who cannot be paid until this bill passes, it
is also the desire of many members of the House
of Representatives that it be passed, because it
involves a mattei in lelation to the payment of
their mileage, which the Senate has already re-
ceived, but which they cannot receive until this
bill lias passed. I think it will not take long, there
are no disputed points about it, and I hope it may
bo passed this morning; and therefore I make the
motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The morn-
ing hour has been consumed in debate—a icpeti-
iion of old speeches; and I have a resolution that
I desire to submit, and also a bill that I wished to
introduce this moining, but had not an opportu-
nity to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
the vote to he taken on my motion,and the bill is
taken up, I will thrn give way for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from Maine has made that motion. I hope
he will not persist in it; and 1 hope the Senate will
adhere to the bill which has been made a special
order, and upon which certainly a number of us
have been stiuggling to get action for a. month. It
is a very important bill, and I trust it will not be
displaced by a bill making appropriations for the
next fiscal year for one Inanch of the public ser-
vice. For that, of course, there need be no haste,
because the fiscal year does not begin until the 1st
of July next. The Senator from Maine gives as
a reason why that bill should be passed, that some
clerks have not been paid for whom that bill makes
provision. Now, will it make much difference
whether they aie paid this week or the next? Per-
haps it will to them individually. I-Ic also urges
that the mileage-of the members of the other House
is involved. Well, sir, is that so very important
that it must be passed now, when it will delay a
great measure which is urgently called for? If
we are to pass any bill by which the property of
the men who have made war upon this Govern-
ment is to be taken possession of, that it may be
made to contribute towards paying the expenses
of the war which they have inaugurated, it should
be done speedily, for their propei ty, by the know-
ing ones, is being spirited away and being con-
veyed for the purpose of preventing its being
reached. I have tried to make this bill a special
order time and again, and after having succeeded,
I have been compelled to give way to appropria-
tion bills, several of which have been passed. We
all know that whenever the Senator ftom Maine
has biought in an appropriation hiil he has car-
vied it through. I again express ihe hope tluu the
Senator will not pej^ist ni his motion *o lake up
that bill to-day. Let it go over until next week.
We can probably dispose of the bill I desire to call
up this week. If he persists in his motion, I shall
be compelled to call for the yeas and nays upon it.
If I am not then sustained by the Senate, I must
acquiescc in its decision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will onljr say I have no
desire to antagonize any appropriation bill against
any bill whatever that the gentleman may desire
to take up—not the slightest in the world. To
me, personally, it is a matter of perfect indiffer-
ence whether this bill is taken up to-day, next
week, the week after, or at any other time. I have
no wish about it; but pressed as I am in different
quarters for an appropriation of money which is
already due, I feel it my duty to bring it before
the Senate. The responsibility then will be on
the Senate, and not on me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion of
postponement the Senator from Illinois asks for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote against the
motion of the Senator from Maine. I do it with
reluctance, as I know he is very much pressed,
occupying a very important position; but I do not
think there is any pressing necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill except that the House, by in-
grafting on it a deficiency bill in an unusual way,
have probably made that necessity. I think for
the first time, the House have ingrafted on the
appropriation bill for the next fiscal year appro-
priations for the? present fiscal year. It is a new
custom, and should be broken up, and I think has
been to some extent broken up by the course pur-
sued by the chairman of the Finance Committee
on the Army appropriation bill. I think the House
ought to be compelled to send us bills separating
the appropriations for each fiscal year; and as they
have not done that in this case, I do not f.;el dis-
posed myself to be lunried into acting upon this
very important bill, which will take a good deal
of time, merely by a practice which they them-
selves have inaugurated, and which 1 think ought
to be corrected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot expect to get
along very well with the appropriation bills if
the members of my own committee are opposed to
my action in relation to them. If we are to be
divided, and I am to meet the Senator from Ohio
on the floor of the Senate in reference to them, I
must take the consequences in regard to doing the
business of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave the Senator notice
tlfat I did not agree to the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know he did; but, after
all, I supposed he left it to my judgment. I can
only say, with regard to tHe Army bill,it was not
particularly with reference to that view of the case
that wo took a different course. It was that, un-
der existing ciicumstances, the uncertainty of
things with reference to the war, we deemed itbet-
tenlto take that course in regard to that bill. We
shall probably take the sumo course with regard
to the Navy bill, and pass the deficiency bill first.
I do not think that the same reason applies at all
to the legislative bill. The greater part of the de-
ficiency arises merely from the fact that we have,
at this session, increased the number of clerks in
the Departments very largely—I think very nearly
a hundred. These clerks have been appointed,
and no provision has been made for their pay-
ment. They have been some time at work, and
need this money, and they ought to be paid. That
is the reason for it. My own judgment is, that the
Senate would do better to take up this bill and dis-
pose of it to-day; that the sense of justice to the
publie creditors, and also to the House of Repre-
sentatives, requires it. But, sir, I am in the hands
of the Senate. If they decide otherwise, I shall
submit to their decision with perfect satisfaction.
I have no wish about if.
Mr. DAVIS. There was a substitute offered
;! to the bill which the Senator from Illinois pro-
:j poses to take up. I think that substitute is one of
; importance, and deserves consideration. It was
! ordered lo be printed yesterday, and has not yet
I been laid on our tables.
■ j Mr. TRUMBULL. It is on the tables now.
Mi. DAVIS. I was informed it had not been
when I mquiied about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
, i;< en postponing the spo- m! okVi f • t tie-purpose
oftakingup the bill indicated by the fecnatorfrom
