29S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
* ~ In the next place, there is the Court of Claims,
a tribunal which has been established for the ad-
justment of certain claims against the Govern-
ment. \ve all know that that court has been, and
is now, folly occupied and employed by the or-
dinary business which has fallen into its hands,
and that it would be no saving, either of time or
of expense, to throw this special and extraordi-
nary business, this class of cases that has arisen
out of tliis war, upon the Court of Claims. We all
know that it will be no saving in any way; that it
will cost as much, that it will interfere with their
other business, and that it will be subject to the
same objection which I made to the Supreme Court
of the United States; that is, that it will produce
"very great delay in the settlement of these claims.
In the next place, it has been proposed, by a
substitute for this bill, to throw this business upon
the State tribunals.
Mr. WICKUFFE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. Look at the amendment as printed.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I so understood the amend-
ment when it was read—that the chancellors of
the State courts, or commissioners appointed by
them, were to perform the work. If I am mis-
taken on that, of course 1 have nothing further
to say.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suppose the gentleman
looked at the proposition as it was originally
drawn. The commissioners of the Federal courts,
who are now charged with the high and important
duty of taking depositions, are the persons indi-
cated in the amendment as it now stands.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I had not noticed thai such
tt modification Imd been made; but that does not
improve the proposed tribunal at all, in my judg-
ment; for if there are any tribunals charged with
the performance of judicial functions that are
meaner than any other in this country, it is these
commissioners appointed by the United States
circuit courts.
In the next place, there is the tribunal of Con-
gress. I quite agree with my colleague, [Mr.
Olim,] who spoke upon this bill when it was last
before us, that it is, if possible, still meaner. The
difficulty with Congress is this: that a private
claim before it is never determined. A man is
Bent out of the court, and he appears again at the
•next session, and reappears from time to time,
until, in order to get rid of him, his claim is passed
upon favorably. There is no uniform rule in
Congress by which claims are determined. They
are determined by caprice. They are determined
generally upon the standing and character of the
committees, or the individual members of the
committees who report them. As a general thing,
they are not examined by members of Congress
outside of the committees to which they are re-
ferred, and the committees themselves have no
fixed and definite rules of proceeding in the con-
sideration of these claims. The evidence before,
them is generally upon oral statement, without
oath, or upon the statements of interested parties,
in the form of memorials or affidavits, and the
committees have no opportunity, 110 time, no in-
clination to examine witnesses on botli sides of a
contested .claim, in order to find out what the real
truth and justice of the matter is; and therefoie
I object to Congress being charged with the ex-
amination of these claims, so far as ascertaining
the facts are concerned. In regard to that, when
a competent tribunal, under the authority and di-
rection of Congress, lias ascertained the facts in
a particular case, proceeding upon uniform rules,
when they have an opportunity of ascertaining all
the facts, with authority of examining witnesses
upon both sides of the claim presented, then Con-
gress may act, and may exercise its discretion in
rejecting or confirming these claims before they
appropriate money.
There remains, then, the mode provided for by
this bill—three commissioners, with a marshal, a
clerk, and a solicitor, charged with obtaining in-
formation in regard to these claims. The objec-
tion made to it is to its expense. The whole'sal-
anes provided for by this bill amount to $14,6U0a
year. A clause of the bill, to which I shall refer
hereafter, limits the timeof presenting of claims to
this tribunal to three years. That is the statute of
limitations as connected with this bill. These claims
willunquestionably be determined by that court,
and within that time or within a very limited time
thereafter. So that th^ expenses of the court prac-
tically tferminate when the claims shall have been
passed upon, within the three years provided-for
by the third section,as amended by the commit-
tee. So that upon the subject of expense I ap-
prehend- there is no difference against the prop-
osition as between the commission provided by
this act and any other tribunal to which it has
been proposed to refer these claims. If Congress
is to sit here and examine and ad judicate and take
testimony upon these claims, I do not think it
Will be any saving of expense to pay the whole
Congress for the time that shall be consumed
rather than to pay this commission. If they go
to the Supreme Court, or the Court ofClaims, or to
the tribunal provided by the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] I ap-
prehend there will be no saving in the matter of
expense as between any of these tribunals and
the court provided for by this bill.
Now, the ad vantages of this court are these: this
court is to establish uniform rules of proceeding;
they have a right to go upon the place where the
injuries are claimed to have been committed,and
examine, upon oath, the parties, the claimants.
Due notice is to be given of the witnesses to be
examined, so that no injustice may be done to the
Government or to the claimant. They are to give
their whole attention and time to the consideration
of these claims, and they will necessarily estab-
lish uniform rules; they will acquire experience,
and they will be able, in a little time, having es-
tablished general principles upon which these cases
are to be determined, to proceed rapidly and uni-
formly, with some regard to order and justicein
the examination of the various claims presented to
them.
If they are competent men, and we have a right
to suppose they will be, as selected by (lie Presi-
dent—if, I say, they are competent men, they will
reduce this whole subject to a system, to such a
system asshall protect the Government from fraud
and imposition, and which shall deal justly and
fairly by the claimants, who are entitled to their
consideration under the bill which gives them ju-
risdiction.
Now, this bill has provided various safeguards
for protecting the Government against imposition
from the claimants. In the first place they require
that in every case where a claimant presents him-
self before them he shall make out the amount of his
damages, designating all the items of his alleged
losses or damages, with a statement of the circum-
stances attending the same,and namesoftheofficers
who commanded the troops by whom the damages
were occasioned, and the time and place where such
losses were sustained. The account is to be ver-
ified by the oath of the claimant, which shall pro-
ceed to state any assignments that have been made
of the claim, any vouchers which may at the time
have been given by the officers of the Government
under whom the claims may have arisen, and any
settlement or allowance which may have been
made by such officers ofthe claim. They are fur-
ther to state whether or not any payment has been
received by the claimant, or any person for him,
for any part of the claim or damages which he al-
leges he has sustained. They are also to exhibit
proof of title to the property, showing the extent
of their interest, separate or joint, which may ex-
ist in relation to it. They are to furnish the names
of all persons who may have had any share or
interest in the property. Besides that, publicity
is to be given to the claim. It is not to be a secret
niatter, known only to the court, as matters pend-
ing before a committee in Congress are frequently
kept, known only to the committee which has
charge of them. Before any such claim is to be
considered by the commission the party making
it is* obliged, by the terms of this act, to publish m
such public newspaper in the neighborhood as
shall be designated by the commission, once a
week for four consecutive weeks, a notice con-
taining a statement of the particulars and grounds
of the claim, and that the same will be presented
to the commissioners of claims under this act for
adjudication.
The bill also requires the claimant to state in
his notice, in addition to these particulars, the
authority under which the property was taken,
damaged, lost, or destroyed, for which the claim
is made; so that if a disloyal person undertakes
to assert a claim for loss of property, or if a per-
son who has been engaged in the rebellion under-
takes to do it, he is obliged to give notice in his
neighborhood to persons who know his standing
and any course he may have taken in relation to
this controversy. The commissioners will there-
fore be put upon their guard by persons in the
neighborhood againstany improper claim, or any
claim which ought not to be produced.
There is another safeguard contemplated by the
bill which I consider of great importance to the
Government. By the sixth section it is provided
that any person who shall corruptly practice, or
attempt to practice, any fraud against the United
States, or who shall set up any fraudulent or un-
just claim, or who shall in any proof with which
he shall accompany it, or in his own statement
accompanying it, undertake to impose upon the
Government, whether the claim shall of itself be
unjust or fraudulent, or shall be prosecuted by
fraudulent means, that claimant shall forfeit his
claim totheGovernmentabsolutely; anditismade
the duty of the commissioners in such cases to
make aspecial report of the facts and fraud which
were practiced upon the Government to the Sec-
retary of War, and if he shall concur in and ap-
prove the finding of the commissioners, the claim-
ant shall be forever barred from prosecuting his
claim.
Now, if that rule had prevailed in Congress for
the various committees of Congress before whom
these claims are brought—if they were required
to make such a report, and the claimant were,
when convicted of fraud, to he forever barred fiom
again presenting his claim to Congress, we should
have had far fewer unjust and wicked claims pass-
ing this and the other'House of Congress, making
us the contempt of the country and of ourselves
when we ascertain how we have been imposed
upon in regard to old, stale, fraudulent claims
which have .been forced through Congress.
Beside these guards, this solicitor is appointed
by the Government, whose business it is to guard
their interest. He is furnished with authority to
compel the attendance of witnesses; and wherever
the claimant shall disclose, upon his written state-
ment, either the name of the officer under whose
authority the loss is claimed to have been sus-
tained, or the names of persons who are claimed
to have been cognizantof the circumstances under
which the claim is alleged to have arisen, who, in
other words, know all about it, the solicitor is en-
titled to compulsory process to compel the attend-
ance of such witnesses. He can then examine the
officer of the Government who is alleged to have
authorized the injury of the property, or he may
examine the claimant under another provision of
the bill, or he may examine the witnesses whose
names are disclosed by the written statement of
the claimant. And besides this, by the niath sec-
tion, the commissioners are authorized to make a
personal examination, in their discretion, of any
farm or plantation, both in regard to the extent of
the loss or damage alleged to have been sustained
and the circumstances attending it.
If any gentleman will suggest any other safe-
guard against fraud or against imposition which
this bill has not provided, I have no doubt that it
will be cheerfully accepted and incorporated into
this bill by the committee which has reported it.
The bill provides all the ordinary safeguards, and
far more than the ordinary safeguards, that are
thrown around individuals against whom claims
are presented in courts of justice. The commis-
sioners are authorized to put the party to the test
of his oath, to examine his neighbors, to examine
Government officers, to examine everybody that
can have any knowledge in regard to these claims;
and the party attempting imposition on the Gov-
ernment does it at the peril of forfeiting his whole
claim. There is nothing there wanting, in my
judgment, to guard the Government against fraud
and imposition. The business is put into the hands
of a tribunal charged with nothing else—having
nothing else to interfere with the prompt, thorough,
speedy examination of any claims that may be
made for losses suffered on the. order of a Govern-
ment officer having competent authority to sei5:e
their property or to inflict the loss for which the
claim is presented. The tenth section excludes
from the consideration of this commission any
claim against the United States for the loss, value,
or service of any slave or person of color, or for
damages or losses arising from his or her escape,
capture, or detention.
For any other property, indeed for any property,
that is taken or lost under the authority and direc-
tion of an officer of the Government, the mode ot
