1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
Maine, on winch the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr- FOOT. Before the vote is announced, I
rise to submit a question of order for the decision
of the Chair. It will be remembered that the
amended rule of the Senate requires a two-thirds
vote to make a spccial assignment. I inquire of
the Chair whether, when the Senate shall come to
take up that special order, a majority can post-
pone it; or whether it will require the same vote
to postpone the special order that is required to
make it a special assignment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The attention of
the Chair has been called to that matter. Unreg-
ulated by a special rule of the Senate, th:> ruling
of the Chair would be that it would take precisely
the same vote to postpone that it would to estab-
lish the special order; but by a rule of the Senate
the Chair has come to the conclusion that after
the special order has come before the Senate, and
is within its control, it is subject to a majority
vote.
The result was then announced—yeas 24, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carhlc, Collamei, Cowan,
Davis-., Doohttlc, Fcssenden, Foot. Foster, Ilalc, Hender-
son, Howe, JolnVon, Kennedy, Latham, McDougall, Nes-
nnth, Peaicc, Ilice, HauSsbmy, Staik, Thomson, Willcy,
and Wilson ot Missouri—24.
NAYS — Mcsms. Biowniug, Chandler, Claik, Dixon,
Guinea, Harlan, UariH, liowaul, King, Lane of Indiana,
Pomeroy, Powell, SluMinan, Sumner, Ten Eyck., Trumbutl,
Wade, V\rilkin on, Wilmot. and YViUon of Massachusetts
—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
CONTRABAND NEGROES IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senator from Maine to allow me to introduce a
resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved^ Thai the curetaiv of the Tiea-my be dn ected
to communicate to the Senium the lepoitmade by Edwaid
L Pierce, agent to Poit Koyal.and such othei ni'foimation
«u> may he in the possession of the Pepamnent iclating to
the condition nnd wann oi' the people of color in the di^-
uict of South CaioLna held by the nulitarylb.ee? of the
United Slates.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. I have no objection at all to this
resolution; but a lebolution of like ehaiacter, that
is, calling- upon the Secretary to inform the Sen-
ate whether, m his opinion, any legislation was
necessary upon this subject, which would ask for
this very information, passed the Senate a month
ago, to which no answer has been received.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will state
that Mr. Pierce, the agent sent by the Treasury
Department to South Carolina, who has been iheic
for several weeks, has made a very cuieful and 1
elaborate lepoit, tuli of information on this sub- i
juct. This resolution is to bring that leport, for !
our information, before the Senate; and 1 under-
stand that the Department is ready to send it to
give us that information. I assure Senators that .
the repoit will give us a great deal of informa-
tion in regard to the condition and wants of those
people.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts an addition to that
resolution, asking the Secretary of the Treasury
to inform the Senate what measures ha\c been
taken to occupy the cotton lands that have come
into the possession of the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator moves that as an amendment, I accept it cer-
tainly; or it might come in as a separate propo-
sition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York pioposes to amend the resolution by
adding at the end thereof the following words:
And also what measure^ ha\ c been taken for the occu
pation of the land-' winch have come into the possesion of
the military (oiees m that tftate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I accept the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
BILLS IXTHORUCKD.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked., and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 217) to encourage enlistments in the
regular Army of th^. United States and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to.be printed.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
218) providing for a steam coast mail between San
Francisco and Crescent City, in California, with
service at intermediate ports; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
104) fixing the number of the House of Repre-
sentatives from and after the 3d of March, 18G3.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 30k2) to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, and for other
purposes; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WADE. Before proceeding with the ap-
propriation bill, I rise to explain a paragraph that
I discover in a paper, which carries an implica-
tion with it involving other persons, and which is
entirely wrong. I wisii to explain it now if the
Senate will permit me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The Senator can make an explana-
tion, if there is no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. WADE. I allude to a paragraph in the
New York Tribune of yesterday, 1 will read the
objectionable part of it. It says:
" Fraud int LcuibLvnoN Disoovkuhd.—The border-
State policy got fetched up ycstculay with a veiy lound turn
in the lloiw. and inquiues aie pending m both bianchc-*
of Congio^ which u ill rduculau1 it j-tiU fui thci, and expose,
it it is too late to iemed\\ a fiaud in legislation without a
patallel m lccent yeuis. Tinee weeks ago a bill was iap-
ully ground tlnough both Houses by which the President
was authouzed to take imlitaiy powssion of the radioacls
and teh'giaphs of the eountiv. Theie was t-ome objection
to a grant of such extraoidinaij powci, but it was given.
It ha*, howevei, been di^covcu'd that the bill, as pa^ed,
contains these words: 'And to extend, repan, and com-
plete the same'—m^anin^ laihoads. The^e wouls do not
appeal in the bill as printed, and, in is behoved, weie in-
terlined m il on its way from the Senate to the House.
Ilowevei thio may he, the. clause, unnoticed by legislators
and repealed almost unanimous!} by Hie House, has been
acted upon to the gioat advantage of Kentucky."
Now, Mr. President, I introduced that bill into
the Senate. It is very true that the original draft
of the bill did not contain the words that are com-
plained of here; but I moved them here in the
open Senate as an amendment. 1 explained very
briefly what my object was—to gi\ e the executive
governmentfufl and (ntne'power over these roads
during the war, and for war purposes; to lepair
them, and to extend them, and to complete those
that weic commenced, if it was necessary; not
doubting that they would exercise this power with
discretion. I do not doubt that they have. I have
no reason to believe that they have at alt, in any
particular, abused the power granted in that bill;
but the idea that anybody interpolated these words
in the bill after it had passed the Senate, is to cast
an implication upon some of our clerks that is
entirely groundless and wrong.
If anybody is to blatne for it I am to blame; for
I moved to insert these words, in my place, in the
ordinary way, as the Globe will show; and I sup-
posed it was perfectly understood by the Senate.
1 did intend to confer upon the executive gov-
ernment all the power that they wished during
this rebellion to crush it. I intended to give them
this great and extraordinary and unusual power.
I do not believe they have abused it. If they have,
that is another thing.
Mr. GRIMES. You are mistaken in saying
that you explained it. You did not explain it to
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman says I did not
explain it. 1 moved it in the Senate in the usual
way, and showed how the bill would read with
the amendment.- That is all I claim about it. I
do not think 1 made a speech on the amendment;
I do not remember thatl did; but I moved it m the
usual way in amending a bill. 1 belu-ve the Sen-
ator does not intend to say that I did not move it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator stated that he ex-
plained it to the Senate. That he did not eta.
There was no explanation made. It passed as a'
matter of course.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that I explained
it any further than to say how the bill would read
as amended. It was perfectly evident to every-
body who paid attention to it that I was putting
very extraordinary powers into the billj and 1
stated that in the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely wished to correct the
Senator on that point. I was unwilling that it
should go out to the country that I would have
voted for any such proposition as that,-if I had
known the purpose of it. The trouble is not so
much with that amendment as with a subsequent
amendment in the last section, in which in the
fourth line, after the word " act," these words are
inserted: " so far as it relates to the operating and
running of said railroads; " so that the section
will read:
"That the provisions of this act, so far as it relates to the
opei ating and running of said railroads, shall not be in force
longer than is neccssary for the suppression of the rebel-
lion."
But leaving any road that may be commenced
by the War Department under the provisions of
this act, or any proceedings that may be insti-
tuted toward the construction of a road to remain
in full force and effect and not stopping that,
although it stops operating other roads and the
telegraph.
Mr. WADE. I do not recollect whether I
moved that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; you did.
Mr. WADE. I do not remember about that.
I only rose to say that I moved this amendment
in question. The Senatordoes not suppose there
is anything wrong about that.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I have looked at the
Journal to-day.
Mr. WADE. That is all I wish to say. There
is nobody to blame but myself in regard to that.
CLERKS IN ASSISTANT TREASURER'S OFFICE.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before any action is taken
on the legislative appropriation bill, I will ask the
consent of the Senate to take up a bill, the imme-
diate passage of which is desired and is important.
It is a House bill which has just come here.
Theie being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
302) to provide for the appointment of additional
clerks in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
New York, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have it put on
its passage now, and I will explain the reasons
for it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It authorizes the AssistantTreasurer of the
United States at New York to appoint, from time
to time, with the consent and approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, such other clerks, mes-
sengers, and watchmen, in addition to those al-
ready employed by him, as the exigencies of the
public business may require, at rates of compen-
sstion to be fixed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; but such rates in no case arc to exceed those
now allowed by law to the persons similarly em-
ployed in his office. It further authorizes the
AssistantTreasureratNew York, with the appro-
bation of the Secretary ofthcTrcasury, to appoint
a competent person from among his clerks, to be
called the deputy assistant treasurer of the United
States. The deputy assistant treasurer, in addi-
tion to the duties pei formed by him, and any other
which he may be required to perform by the Assist-
antTreasurer, is authorized to witness the execu-
tion of any and all transfers of Government stock
and powers of attorney, and sign all iceeipts for
patent fees and bullion receipts, with like effect as
if they were witnessed and signed respectively by
the Assistant. Treasurer in person. The deputy
assistant treasurer is to receive an additional com-
pensation of $1,000 per annum, but the total com-
pensation received by him is not to exceed $3,000
per annum. The sum of $2,500 is appropriated
11 uy the bill for the purchase of blank checks for
ij the use of the sub-Treasury.
[| Mr. SHERMAN. The passage of the recent
Treasury note bill makes it necessary to have an
i additional cleiiutl force in that office. This bill
!j is iutiodnccd for the purpose of authorizing that
i! inciease; but the appropriation for the clerks and
