1862.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2935
adjustment is provided for all loyat citizens, and
for none other. ■ it is an equitable tribunal, a tri-
bunal not proceeding according to the fixed forms
and rules of the common law, butwhich, onmost
liberal and equitable principles, guarding against
all sorts of imposition and fraud, will make a thor-
ough, careful, particular, and speedy examination
of all claimsof loyal persons for losses which they
have suffered under authority of the Government
of the country. I say for any property, because I
do not considers slave as property in any fair or
just sense of the term. My colleague [Mr. Olin]
says that this is an idle and speculative question
which should be left for discussion to the pages
and employes of the House, and not of sufficient
dignity or importance to engage the attention of
members of Congress. He expresses his opinion
that this is as fair and just a claim as any other;
and his objection to the bill rests on what he calls
this disgraceful discrimination in it. Now, I do
net regard the subject of this controversy as either
idleorspeculative. The question whether the rela-
tion existing between master and slave is a relation
of owner and property, or a civil relation between
persons, is an important question, because when
you admit that a slave is the property, the chattel
of any other man, you yield most of the contro-
versy that has been going on in Congress for the
last few years in reference to the rights of south-
ern people to take their slaves into the Territories
of the United States. If it is property, and noth-
ing else, it would be very hard, on any logical
argument, to exclude them from the right to go
into the Territories and occupy them with this
property a!s with all other property. I therefore
do not regard the question as a speculative or idle
one, because from the proper determination of that
starting point very many consequences on one
side or the other may be deduced.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I wish simply to call
the attention of the gentleman to what I did say,
because I desire not to be misrepresented on this
subject, and I do not suppose that the gentleman
has any wish to misrepresent me. I said, what is
obvious to him as a lawyer, and to everybody else
who has any claim to the name, that the laws of
the slave States created a relation which those who
enjoy that relation thought to be a profitable one.
Now, I say, that if that relation is recognized by
law, not only in the States where it exists, but by
the General Government, and by the courts of the
General Government, it is idle for us to inquire
whether that relation, thus created by law, made
a man a chattel or a servant. The laws of my own
State authorize a person or corporation to issue
bank notes. It is a Drofitable business, and is re-
garded and protected as a property interest. Does
jt follow that therefore you can pack your bank
111 a one-horse cart and carry it over the whole
country on the ground that it is property? Cer-
tainly not. Norcan this property interest created
by the laws of the slave States, precisely analogous
to such pi operty rights as are created by law and
do not exist at common law or the law of nature,
be taken beyond the local jurisdiction creating it.
All I intended to say was that that relation was re-
garded, not only by the laws of the States where
it exists, but by the whole theory of the Federal
compact, as a property relation, as an interest to be
Frotected. I recognize thus far that relation, but
recognize it as a relation which exists in a State
where it has existence, not to be extended to the
Territories or elsewhere beyond the jurisdiction
that created it. That is all 1 say. And I repeat
that while I regard such a relation as a bad one, it
is a property interest, and good faith demands that
it shall receive protection, like any other interest.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gentleman has re-
peated the substance of a part of his argument.
I will read the conclusion of it in his own lan-
guage to show that I do not misrepresent him at all:
" Certainly. But T was not commenting upon that feat-
ure of the bill. I was commenting upon this disgraceful—
and 1 say it now advisedly and meaningly—[ was comment-
ing upon this disgraceful feature of your bill which says
that men shall be compensated for onespecies of property,
but shall not be compensated for another."
Now, I do not misunderstand or misrepresent
my colleague when I say that he claims that this
property in slaves stands on the same footing as
any other property, and should be equally entitled
to compensation under this bill; and, as he re-
marks in another plaee,hedislikesthis bill because
of that discrimination, whereas I like it because
of that diaciimiiiation. He says that this idea of
property in slaves is according to the theory of
our Government. Idenyit. I say that the Con-
stitution of tlvis country, when formed, and the
proceedings and history of the convetitiou which
formed it, show, beyond all possibility of doubt,
that our fathers never intended to recognize, and
rejected the idea of one man owning another, or
that there was such a thing as property or chat-
telship in a human being. The relation is, in its
origin, one of force, not of law. It is a success-
ful piracy which begets the relation of master and
slave% Prom beginning to end, undertake to reg-
ulate it as you may by human law, it is the rela-
tion of superior to inferior force, and there is no
right of property in it. It is the right of the strong
man over the weak, and when the weak has ac-
quired the strength to resist and reverse the rela-
tion, he has just as good a right to own his master
as his master lias to own him. He is entitled to
the benefit of all the strength and skill and mind
and will that he can bring to bear on the question
of changing the relation whenever he can. It is a
relation of force and not of right. Itnever wasrec-
ognized by our fathers. The whole theory of our
Government proceeds on the doctrine of equality
and justice, and rfot of iniquity and force and fraud
like this. I therefore say that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I never will recognize that one man is the
property of any other man anywhere. It is not
only folly but it is madness in us to recognize that
relation now. It is a theory that has grown up
with the attempt to press slavery on an unwilling
people within the last few years, and never ori-
ginated before.
Now, I undertaketo say that where this class
of persons has been in the service of the Govern-
ment, or has aided the Government in its time of
trouble and rebellion, the Government has a right
to such service; and if anybody is to be paid for
it, it is the man who performs the service; and I
say that the first and amplest reward for all such
service should be the fieedom of the man who
renders it, and of all his family and descendants,
forever. It should not be a maney reward to the
man who claims his service, and claims a right su-
perior to that of the Government, but a reward to
the man himself who turns out to defend the lib-
erties of the country; and that is the difference
between my colleague and myself. It is a differ-
ence that flows from recognizing slavery merely
as a civil relation which can be made by the State,
but which can.also be unmade by the State, or the
relationship of chattelship on one side and pro-
prietorship on the other. Now, I am not disposed
to deal unjustly toward those States where this
relation exists, where it has been established by
the State, and where loyal persons are existing in
this condition. I am willing, and have expressed
that willingness in my vote, that the Government
should come in, ifthey abandon the relation,and
enter upon a course of emancipation of the slaves
in the States. I am willing, I say, to contribute
something to aid them, in a pecuniary way, for
.any consequential loss which may ensue, not upon
the ground that they own the property atall, not
upon any such ground, but for the purpose of in-
demnifying loyal and patriotic citizens, who, for
the general good, consent to change a relation
which is dangerous to the State and which the
Government desires to ha've changed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will permit me to propound
an interrogatory to him in that connection. If I
understand him, he declares thatif the States enter
upon a system of emancipation, ho is willing to
compensate loyal men for the loss of the labor of
their servants. Now, will the gentleman inform
me in what clause of the Constitution of the United
States he believes Congress is authorized to make
such an appropriation of the revenues of the coun-
try, and to tax the people of theUnited States for
that purpose ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. That question has been
fully discussed in the absence of the honorable
gentleman from Missouri, and before we passed
the joint resolution authorizing the Government
to tender its aid to loyal persons in the States dis-
posed to abandon its relation. It is hardly neces-
sary to go over that argument now.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My question was
merely that the gentleman from New York would
tell us from what clause of the Constitution he
derives the power of Congress to appropriate
money for the purpose specified ? It is very easy
for him to answer the question if the Constitution
confers that power.
Mr. SEDGWICK. There were some elabo-
rate speeches made on that subject while the joint
resolution was under consideration, and the gen-
tleman wijl have no difficulty, if he will go back
to the debates, to find the clauses of the Constitu-
tion from which this power is claimed.. At all
events, it has passed. "Wo have determined to lend
the aid of the General Government. If the gen-
tleman from Missouri and those interested with
him in that relation are disposed to reject the aid,
it is a matter for them to decide; the Government
is not enjoined to impose its aid upon those who
are unwilling to receive it.
Mr.MENZIES. Thegentleman from New York
has stated that he has, by his vote, shown that he
was willing to aid the slaveholding States should
they adopt a system of emancipation. Now,can
he indicate to the House to what extent he would
be willing to give that aid?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am willing to give them
just the aid that the resolution proposes to give,
and not one cent more, either by this bill or by
any other bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask thegentleman
from New York, who seems to be very earnest in
what he says, whether, if any individual slave-
holder in the State of Maryland, or in anyofthe
border slaveholding States, who shall indicate his
willingness to liberate his slaves on the condition
that he is compensated for those slaves by the Gen-
eral Government, he is willing to vote for a bill to
compensate that individual?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am not. I would notgive
one shilling to purchase the slaves of any onein-
dividual slaveholder, except upon the law of the
State which emancipated every slave within it.
Mr. MALLORY. While the gentleman allows
me to occupy the floor, I will say to him, under my
thorough conviction, that his declaration to-day
is based upon the knowledge which he has, and
which, at least, I have, that the Legislature of no
slaveholding State will pass a bill to emancipate
the slaves held in it. The gentleman's philan-
thropy, therefore, is cheap philanthropy.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It may be cheap; but the
State the gentleman undertakes to speak for as
being unwilling to accept the bounty of the Gov-
ernment, may find, ill the day of their need, that
they have made a very sad mistake.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman says that
they lie under a very sad mistake.
Mr. FISHER. I ask thegentleman from Ken-
tucky whether he would favor the inauguration
of a scheme for the emancipation of the slaves, and
whether he would vote for compensation to the
slaveholders?
Mr. MALLORY. My name is upon the record
against that scheme.
Mr. FISHER. So I observe.
Mr. MALLORY. I believed that it was an
interference with slavery in the States, and so be-
lieving, I voted against it.
Mr. FISHER. Where does the gentleman get
his knowledge that no border slaveholding State
will inaugurate a scheme of emancipation ?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 did not state that I had
any knowledge, but that the conviction of my mind
was that no border slaveholding State would in-
augurate such a scheme. I did not have Delaware
in view, because I have long since ceased to regard
her as a slave State.
Mr. FISHER. I am glad of it.
Mr. MALLORY. There are a few slaves in
New York, and I would as soon think of calling
New York a slave State.
Mr. SEDGWICK. There are no slaves there;
the gentleman is mistaken. We carried out the
compromises of the Constitution in good faitlfby
abolishing slavery, and the people of Virginia and
Maryland would have emancipated their slaves,
if it had not been found more profitable to breed
them than to emancipate them.
Now, whatever views gentlemen may entertain
in regard to the propriety of accepting the aid of
the General Government in the way ill which it
was offered, I wish, sir, to record my belief that
with or without aid from the General Govern ment,
emancipation will occur in all of the States of this
Union 
Mr. WICKEIFFE. How and when?
Mr. SEDGWICK. How arid when! I will
answer the gentleman. 1 hope and believe that
