1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
is a proper and legal distinction, the question arose
in the committee, svliat was their duty? Suppos-
ing the returning officers had failed properly to
return the votes, it was the duty of the Committee
of Elections to find out what the vote was. It is
not pretended that the returns made are nof^in
point of fact true, or that they did not give the
actual votes cast in the counties; but it is claimcd
by the contestant that they did not give abstracts,
but gave the whole votes in aggregate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 225) for
the relief of the owners, officers, and crew of the
Spanish bark Providencia; when the Speaker
signed the same.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION" AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. It was our duty to go behind
the returns and find what the vote was, there be-
ing no evidence that there was any fraud about
the votes of these counties; and we had the test-
imony to enable us to come to a correct conclusion,
and dispose of the whole case.
There is another point to which I wish to refer.
I stated in the outset that the matter of the two
certificates—one given to the contestant by the
Governor of the Territory, and the other given
subsequently by the same Governor to the sitting
Delegate—came before the House at the extra ses-
sion, and the House passed upon them and gave
the sitting Delegate the right to hold the scatdur-
ing the contest. The contestant then memorial-
ized the House for a rehearing. The committee
reported upon his memorial, and the House again
decided that the sitting Delegate should continue
to hold the seat. They thus passed upon the
matter of the certificates. The contestant has,
however, insisted before the committee in the
hearing upon the merits, on going into the matter
of the validity of the two certificates. The com-
mittee were of opinion that the question having
been passed upon by the House, it was no longer
before them, and their business was to inquire into
the merits of the case without regard to the cer-
tificates. I'ut the contestant offered to prove to
the committee that the certificate upon which the
sitting Delegate was admitted to the seat was a
forgery upon the part of the then Governor of
the Territory—not, however, implicating the sit-
ting Delegate; that the then Governor of the Ter-
ritory had got into a personal quarrel or difficulty
with the contestant, and to avenge himself upon
him had gone and made out a now certificate and
given it to the sitting Delegate ; that ho did it after
he had ceased to be Governor, and that the seal
upon the certificate of the sitting Delegate was a
seal borrowed from something else and put upon
it. This was his offer. It was an offer made at
the last moment of the hearing. The silting Del-
egate, while denying that allegation, consented
that tile witness by whom the contestant proposed
to prove it might be examined, provided he should
have an opportunity to produce witnesses to rebut
the evidence, and also to prove that the certificate
held by the contestant was obtained by bribery.
This the contestant declined to agree to, because
lie said it would protract the hearing so long as
to amount lo a denial of justice to him. He asked
that he might be permitted to introduce one wit-
ness to prove that the sitting Delegate's certificate
was a forgery. The sitting Delegate was willing
to consent to that, provided that he might intro-
duce leliutting testimony, and might be permitted
to attack the ceitificate of the contestant.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRISl'TELD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me five minutes to com-
plete statement of the case.
Mr. CR1SF1ELD. I withdraw my motion.
The SPE AKER. Ifther e is no objection, the
gentleman irom Massachusetts will proceed.
No objection way made.
Mr. DAWES. The committee was of opinion
thcit the cci uficate had been} whether rightly or '
wrongly, passed upon by the House at the last |
session, and that the committee had nothing to do '
with that certificate, but must inquire into the ■
merits of the case. We therefore declined to hear |
testimony on cither side. The contestant, how- 1
ever, produced an affidavit, not taken on noticeor I
with the knowledge of anybody but himself, set-
ting forth what he said he could prove. But to
show the utter folly of taking such affidavits, I
have only to say that afterwards and since this
hearing closed, the same party offered a counter
affidavit; but neither of them was such testimony
as could be used.
Now, sir, I have gone over the whole case. It
is summed up atthe close of the report of the com-
mittee, which shows that Mr. Daily was duly
elected by 150 majority.
Mr. VOORHEES. I regret, Mr. Speaker, to
have at any time to make an attempt to gain the
attention of this House; and I certainly regret it
at this late hour, for I know that members do not
like to be delayed with keen appetites and empty
stomachs. I have often thought that there was
no stronger example of human selfishness than is
presented by this House during the hearing of a
contested-election case. A person once snugly
ensconced in his own seat here seems to regard
with great indifference the attempts of other per-
sons to enforce their rights to seats in the same
body. But however little we may consider this
question, and with whatever small degree of in-
formation we may vote upon it, it is to the parties
in the contest a question of most vital importance
and interest—a question which may for all time
to come affect the future prospects, hopes, and
destinies of one or other of these men; and it seems
to me that as reasoning, reflecting, and conscien-
tious men, we should give to matters of this kind
our most earnest attention.
Mr. Speaker, I have always listened with great
pleasure to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] and it is tolerably well known that
I am somewhat a believer in him, if not one of his
admirers. But I must say, that to-day I have lis-
tened to him with a degree of pain, and lamented
the tenacity with which he clings to the system
of errors on which his argument is founded. If
it were not a matter in which deep personal interests
were involved, it would perhaps have been an
amusement to me; as it is, however, the matter is
too serious for such a feeling.
Wow, Mr. Speaker, I wish to revert to the start-
ing point in this case; and if I do not prove to the
House that this is one of the most extraordinary
cases that was ever submitted to an American
Congress, I will agree that my judgment may go
for naught. On the 5th day of July, or perhaps,
more correctly speaking, on the 4th of July last,
these two men presented their claims to be mem-
bers of this body. What was their attitude before
the House, and how came they here ? 1 ask mem-
bers to consider and review and sec the attitude
in which these two men stood here, and then say
how they are going to cast their votes. Mr. Mor-
ton came here a regularly elected and certificated
member fiom Nebraska. 1 was elected in the
same month for the seventh congressional district
in Indiana. Other membeis weie elected in the
same month from all parts of the United States.
In his case the votes had been counted, a major-
ity declared on his side, and the Governor had
given him his certificate. All had been done in
accordance with law. He came here, therefore,
with as high a title as did the Speaker of this body,
or any member on this floor. Some thirty days,
perhaps, or less, after he had received his certifi-
cate a notice of contest was served upon him by
the presentsitting member, Mr. Daily. Mr. Daily
then became the contestant. He challenged Mr.
Morton's right to a seat here. He undertook to
show that the Governor of Nebraska had erred
in issuing his certificate to Mr. Morton, and that
the canvassing board had erred in returning a ma-
jority for him. Mr. Morton came here simply as
a man whose seat was contested. It must have
been with some surprise that on his appearing here
he found that the then Cleik of the House had
put on the roll-call of this House the name of a
man, not who had been certified by the Governor
of Nebraska, not who had been declared elected
by the board of canvassers, not who had received
a legal majority, but of a man, forsooth, who was
contesting his sent here. I-Inw that name got on
the roll I do not know, you do not know, no man
will ever know, except the parties to it and He
who knows all things. There it was, however,
and much to Mr. Morton's surprise and mor-
tification, as much so as it would have been to
any member here, who came with a clear title to
his seat, to find that the name of his contestant
was called. By an unjust, certainly by an unre-
flecting, vote of the House, Mr. Daily was al-
lowed to take his seat as sitting member; and the
man who came here with his certificate—as good
as yours or mine, or that of any man on this floor
—was turned from the bar of the House and com-
pelled to contest his way back to this Hall, or
abandon his clear and legal right to a seat.
Now,startingwithapropositionof this kind, I
generally find, in my transactions with men, that
nothing fair follows such a beginning. That is my
experience.
I now wish, Mr. Speaker, to call attention to the
nature and character of the certificate of the sitting
member, [Mr. Daily.] I think it the beginning
of fraud, a fountain of uncleanness—especially
on the part of the sitting member—a fountain of
impurity, from which nothing has flowed entitled
to the consideration or respect of this House. I
hold in my hand the two original certificates.
There is the certificate presented by Mr. Morton,
declaring him duly elected under the forms of law,
with all the guarantees of law. He came here and
presented it, and found here a man presenting this
thing, [holding up Mr. Daily's pretended certifi-
cate,] dated when? This election took place in Octo-
ber, I860. Mr. Morton got his certificate Novem-
ber 2, 1860—the gentleman who now stands in the
anomalous position of a contestant for this seat.
Here is the certificate presented by the silting
Delegate, dated the 29th of April, 1861, nearly two
months after Mr. Morton's term of office had com-
menced, nearly two months after the 4th of March,
when he was entitled to all the privileges and im-
munities of a member of Congress, and from which
time he was entitled to date the beginning of his
pay as such.
Another man,the sitting Delegate, presented a
certificate here, bearing date, as I have stated, the
29th of April, 1861. Now, what land of a ques-
tion does this present? Let us look at it for a mo-
ment. There are some reasons injected into the
body of this certificate why the second certificate
was given. But that question was all argued here
at the extra session, and argued on my side of it
by the gentleman from Massachusetts himself.
He argued the Governor had no right, for any
reason whatever, to give his second certificate. In
order to satisfy the House on that point I have
turned back to the debates of that period, in which
I find the gentleman from Massachusetts holding
the following language 
Mr. DAWES. I will save the gentleman that
trouble. I agree to it now.
Mr. VOORHEES. I know you admit it, but I
would rather prove it.
Mr. DAWES. You never heard me say any-
thing to the contrary.
Mr. VOORHEES. Very well. That is a good
starting point. The admission is that this certifi-
cate on which the gentleman from Nebraska has
been holding his seat here for nearly a year is an
illegal document which gives him no right here.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts admits it, and
if that be anything to strengthen the case before
fair-minded men for the sitting Delegate, he is
welcome to it. The certificate is now admitted to
be worthless and cannot do him any good. I cer-
tainly had a right to suppose that that was the
positionofthegentlemanfrom Massachusetts, and
1 commend the candor of his admission.
Very well, we have now the confession of the
the chairman of the Committee of Elections that
the sitting Delegate has taken and held his seat
on an invalid certificate, we have the confession
that he obtained the possession of a seat upon this
floor upon a paper now admitted by the chairman
of the Committee of Elections to have been in-
valid and illegal. Now, I shall prove that besides
being invalid and illegal, it was fraudulent.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will please state
me correctly. 1 said in the House last July what
I have stated in the committee-room, and what I am
willing to state any where, that after the Governor
of Nebraska had given one certificate to the now
contestant, he had no authority to give another.
That is a question,however, outside the case now
presented to the House. The House then determ-
ined that question; and although I think they
determined wrong, it does not arise in considering
the case now upon its merits.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes , sir; and I say to the
gentleman that up to this day I have had much
more complaint to make against the action of the
