THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
before this war is ended the sun will not^shine
wpon a slave upon all of this continent.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Thegentleman is for free-
ing the slaves under the war power.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope the war and slavery
will end together. I have no alarm on the subject.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman "says that
this war wiil result in the annihilation of slavery.'
My regret at such a consummation would be les-
sened if we would secure at the same time his an-
nihilation and that of such as he by hanging.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Ebulitions of impotent
passion will not move me on the subject. 1 hope
that the two things will end together. I hope that
the end of slavery and of this war will be written
together upon the same page of the history of this
country.
Sir, I have been drawn out of a fair and legiti-
mate discussion of this bill by these interruptions,
bat if gentlemen are anxious to obtain my views
upon any question connected with slavery, they
can be very easily accommodated, for I am not
standing here to disguise those opinions, but to
proclaim them and defend them openly.
I say there is no reason or justice in striking
out the provision of the tenth section, which pro-
hibits these commissioners from taking any cogni-
zance of any claim against the United States on
account of losses in this respect. If that is stricken
out of the bill, I shall be opposed to the bill. 1
want it to stand, in this respect, exactly as the
committee have reported it, and if gentlemen in
the border States, where the claimants for these
losses universally reside—because war has not yet
made its footprints upon the soil of any free State,
and 1 do not believe it will—if gentlemen residing
in the border slave States which are represented
here, desire a tribunal calculated to protect them
against losses, and to pay for their legitimate losses
in the war, excluding this question of slavery, I
am ready to give them such a tribunal; but if they
want to reject it upon that ground, let them reject
it. If they think that hereafter they can do better
in Congress; and that we are to admit any claims
presented to Congress for losses of this desenp.
tion, they can take their chances. But I think they
will be mistaken. AH losses of that kind are not
hereafter to be paid by Congress, and they are not
to be paid by this tribunal.
If gentlemen desire a tribunal fair, just, speedy,
and equitable, for the determination of proper
claims arising out of the issues of this war, I am
disposed to give it to tliern, and I am not. disposed
to give anything beyond that. I have been drawn
into this discussion by the assertions of my col-
league, which I rose to controvert, at the time, that
there is nodiCfurence between these kinds of prop-
erty. If this provision of the bill is stricken out,
I can only say it will not receive my vote.
Mr. NOELL. I regret very much the intro-
duction of this question of slavery into the dis-
cussion of this proposition. So far as I am con-
cerned, 1 can say to the House that I have had no
band whatever m it, and I do not propose to fol-
low the example of other gentlemen in the discus-
sion of a question which has nothing to do with
the merits of the proposition before the House.
I desire simply to call the attention of the House
very briefly to some few points I propose to make,
to show the necessity of the passage of this meas-
ure in the present condition of the country. I take
it for granted that the sense of justice of this
House will see at once that loyal men, wherever
they may be found, whether in the free or the
slave States, who, in the necessary military oper-
ations of the country, have been compelled to bear
more than their share of the burdens of putting
down this rebellion, ought to be compensated by
all classes of our population, and that such losses
ought to be shared alike by all loyal classes of cit-
izens of the countiy.
I take it for granted that this is the principle of
justice which lies at the foundation of this prop-
osition. If that be true, then the only question
for us to consider is as to the means by which that
result may most successfully be accomplished.
We have found during the progress of this war
that it has become necessary to appoint commis-
sion's to investigate claims that have arisen by
way of contract. We have had the Holtcommis-
sion and other commissions to investigate war
claims which have arisen during the progress of
the war, upon contracts made by public officers,
and for property taken in the course of military
operations—losses which are within the provis-
ions of existing laws. If that be the case, how
much greater is the necessity of providing some
means of investigating that class of claims which
do riot,"at present, fall within the provisions of
laws we have now upon our statute-books, in
order that this great principle of justice may be
attained, that is, that the burden of this rebellion
may be shared by all people alike.
There are several modes by which this thing
may be accomplished, and I propose briefly to call
the attention of the House to these different modes.
First, these claimants may come before Congress
and present their claims as private claims have
been presented heretofore fnralnngseriesofyears.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having ex-
pired, the special order set apart for this day is the
consideration of business relating to Territories.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the special order
be postponed, in order that we may go into com-
mittee anil take up the tariff bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 hope that motion will not
prevail, and that we will not postpone the terri-
torial business.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that it be postponed
until Friday next.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I much prefer that the tariff
bill should be postponed until that time.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of talcing up bill No. 531.
The SPEAKER. That bill is the special order
in committee whenever the House goes into com-
mittee.
Mr. BEAMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. COLFAX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Colfax and
Fisher were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 11.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accdrdingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 531) increasing temporarily the duties
on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendments.
The fir<i section having been read,
Mr. STEVENS said: There is a blank in this
first section, and 1 ask that it may be left open un-
til we dispose of the other parts of the bill, as we
have not now the data upon which to fill it.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. BAKER. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
amount of increase of duties on sugar is proposed
in this first section ? "
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In reply to the
gentlenian from New York, I have to say that
there is no increase whatever, except upon one
particular description. This is a reenactment of
the present law, with the exception of that which
relates to concentrated molasses, or concentrated
melado,the tariff on which is put atone half cent
per pound lower than it now is. It is not worth
quiteasmuch as thelowestqualityofsugar. There
is a little verbal change also in the description of
the Dutch standard, which may make it appear
that a change was made; but it is only in appear-
ance, and not in fact. Between No. 15 and No.
20 Dutch standard the rate is, however, raised to
the amount of one fourth of one cent per pound.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
in section three, line fifteen, by inserting before
the word " exceeding," the word " not;" and af-
ter the word " ton," inserting the words "$1 50
per ton; exceeding in value fifty dollars per ton;"
so that the clause will read:
And squares (iron) not less than one half an inch, nor
more than four inches square, not exceeding in value the
sum of fifty tlollurs per ton, 50 per ton; exceeding in
value fifty dollars per ton, three dollars per ton.
The object of the amendment is to place a duty
equal to the tax laid upon bar iron. As the bill
was reported, all bar iron costing less than-fifty
dollars per ton was excepted from duty. But the
tax on this iron is $1 50 per ton, and in addition
to that a tax has been le.vied upon coal, and it
takes from four to eight tons of coal to make a ton
of iron.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
in the same section, by inserting, after line twenty-
two, the following:
On all iron imported in bars for railroads and inclined
planes, made to pattern and fitted to be laid down on such
roads or planes without further manufacture, $1 50 per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to strike
out all after the word " say,"in'the eighty-eighth
line, down to and including the word " manufac-
ture," in the ninety-seventh line, as follows:
Bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising fiats, not less
than one inch or more than seven inches wide, noi le&s than
one quarter of an inch or more than two inches thick;
rounds not less than one half an inch or more than four
inches in diameter; and squares not less than one half an
inch or more than four inches square, when valued at fifty
dollars or less per ton; all ii on imported in barh for raih oads>,
and inclined planes made to patterns and fitted to be laid
down ons,uch loads or planes without further manufacture;
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That the following descriptions of iron, man-
ufactures of iron, and manufactures of steel, shall not be
subject to any additional duty or rates of duty under the
provisions of this act, that is to say: iron in pigs; ca«t-mm
butts and hinges; old scrap iron ; malleable non,and mal-
leable iron castings, not otbei wise piovjded for; cut tacks,
brads, and sprigs; cross-cut, mill, pit, and drag saws.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to strike out in
lino one hundred, the words " cut tacks, brads,
and spiigs." Those articles are manufacture d in
this country, and the tax will have to be paid
upon them under the tax bill which we have just
passed, when manufactured. I move to strike
them out of this exception so that the duty may
be increased upon them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
amendment will not be adopted. There has not
been a cut tack, brad, or sprig imported into the
United Stales for twenty years. The duty now
is two cents a pound, which is amply sufficient
to protect the manufacturers.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am sorry thegentleman
is not as well posted about the manufactures of
the country as I supposed he was. There is a
large quantity of these articles made in my dis-
trict.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is just
what I say.
Mr. STEVEN'S. If any have been imported,
we have overlooked the fact.
Mr. Mooriiead's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I rise to make an
inquiry of the chairman or some member of the
Committee of Ways and Means as to the corre-
spondence between the additional duties assessed
on the articles named in this section and the tax
wc have put upon them by the tax bill. I would
inquire whether the increased duty is larger, in
any considerable number of cases, than the tax
that we have imposed? This bill has only just
been laid upon our tables, and we have not h'ad an
opportunity to compare it with the tax bill. Of
course, we cannot by recollection recall the rela-
tions of these bills to each other.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman refer to
this particular secrion, or to the entire bill?
Mr. SHELLABARGER, To the manufac-
tures of iron.
Mr. STEVENS. The general principleadopted
is the one that was mentioned by us when the tax
bill was under consideration. We have laid the
additional duty as nearly as possible at the same
rate as the tax, except in some cases where it was
necessary to correct errors in the present tariff.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In addition to
what the chairman has stated, it is proper to say
to the gentleman from Ohio and to the House that
on many articles the increase is greater than the
excise placed upon the same articles, and for this
reason and no other: for the purpose of obtaining
more revenue. Take, for instance, the articles of
anvils, anchors, cables, and iron wire; it is of
very little consequence what duty we put on them.
We shall import them because they are not man-
ufactured here to any great extent, and will not
be, no matter whtuduty you may put upon them*
