1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Upon such articles the duties have been raised a
little higher, but merely for the purpose of revenue.
Ujoon many articles the duties are not increased at
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish simp.Iy to
say that I desire to vote on this bill in such a way
that we shall accomplish this result, to wit: leave
the present tariff substantially as it is, of course
having regard to the imposition of home duties
upon these commodities. Wherever, by increas-
ing the tariff, we would increase the revenue dur-
ing the war, I should be willing to vote for the
increase; but I am not wilting to increase the tariff
on any of these commodities except as a compen-
sation for duties that have been imposed upon
them, unless that increase will result in an increase
of our war revenue. I am very glad to be in-
formed that the bill is constructed with regard to
that.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,a message from
the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, in-
formed the House that the Senate had passed a bill
to provide for additional medical officers of the
volunteerservice; in which he wasdirected to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session, and proceeded
again to the consideration of
T1IE TARIFF BILL.
The Clerk read the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 11, in
line nine, I move to strike out " ten," and insert
"five;" so that it will read, "acid, boracic, five
cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In line eleven,
I move to strike out" ten," and insert " twenty;"
so that it will read, " tartaric, twenty cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to strike
out all after the woid "alum," in line thirteen, and
insert in lien thereof, " patent alum, sulphate of
alumina and aluminous cake, sixty cents per hun-
dred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert
after line twenty-five the words, " borate of lime,
five cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In lines sixty-
five and sixty-six, I move to strikeout "seventy-
five," and insert "fifty," and strike out" one dol-
lar" and insert " seventy-five cents;" so that the
clause will read, " iodine, crude, fifty cents per
pound; resublimed, seventy-five cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend,
in line sixty-nine, by striking out " three," and
inserting "two;" so that it will read, " licorice
root, two cents per pound." ■
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend,
in the same line, by striking out " six," and in-
serting " tenso that it will read, "paste or juice,
ten cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say, in
respect to this, ttiat it takes four pounds of the
root to make one pound of the paste; and the duty
recommended is no more than reasonable. I move
to amend, in'line seventy-seven, by inserting the
words " when dryso that it will read, "ochres
and ochrey earths, not otherwise provided for,
when dry, fifty cents per one hundred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend,
in line ninety-two, by striking out " seventy-five
cents," and inserting "one dollar;" so that it will
read, "cloves, one dollar per pound." ■
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend",
in line ninety-four, by striking out " fifty cents,"
and inserting " one dollar;" so that it will read,
" cubebs, one dollar per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
*Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Imovetoamend,
in line one hundred, by inserting the words "all
other essential oils, not otherwise provided for,
fifty per cent. ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
by inserting, after line one hundred and two, the
words, "Paris white, when dry, sixty cents per
one hundred pounds; when ground in oil, $1 50
per one hundred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
by inserting, after the last amendment, the words
" pimento, six cents per pound; when ground,
eight cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
in line one hundred and four, by striking out
" fifty," and inserting " seventy-five," so that it
will read, " hydriodate, iodate, iodide, and ace-
tate, seventy-five cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend,
after line one hundred and eleven, by inserting
the words "putty, $150 per one hundred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I moveto amend,
in line one hundred and twelve, by striking out
"pure," and inserting in lieu of it the words,
" sulphate of, and other salts of quinine;" so that
it will read," quinine, sulphate of, and other salts
of quinine, seventy-five cents per ounce."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Imove toamend,
in lines one hundred and twelve and one hundred
and thirteen, by striking out the words "sulphate,
fifty cents per ounce."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I move toamend,
in line one hundred and nineteen, by inserting the
words " saltpeter or nitrate of potash, crude, two
cents pel- pound; refined, three cents perpound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I movetoamend,
in line one hundred and twenty-one, by inserting
the words "of sixty pounds;" so that it will
read,'' Canary seed, one dollar per bushel of sixty
pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move toamend
by inserting, after line one hundred and thirty
three, the words "Vanilla beans, three dollars
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I movetoamend
by inserting, after line one hundred and thirty-
four, the words " whiting, when dry, fifty cents
per one hundred pounds; when ground in oil,
$1 50 per one hundred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I movetoamend,
in line one hundred and thirty-five, by striking
out the word "acetic."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I movetoamend,
in line one hundred and thirty-six, by inserting
the word "glycerine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Imovetoamend,
in the same line, by inserting the words " sulphate
of ammonia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Imovetoamend,
in line one hundred and forty-one, by striking out
the words " borate of lime."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Imovetoamend,
in line one hundred and forty-five, by striking out
the words"and vanilla." That has beenincluded
in the amendment already adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. I movetoamend
by inserting after line one hundred and forty-six
the words " acetic acids, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
by inserting after the last amendment the words
" santonin, thirty per cent, ad valorem.."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr> CLARK< 1 move lo amend, in line twenty-
one, page 11,by striking out" five mills," and in-
serting " one cent;" so that it will read, " bary tes
and sulphate of barytes, one cent per pound."
This substance is used almost entirely for adul-
terating white lead. It is produced abundantly
in this country; and I do not see why wc should-
not use our own instead of foreign productions.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Wehavealready
put a tax on this substance. It is very cheap, not
being worth at the place where it is obtained h'al£
a cent a pound. Five mills is amply sufficient..
The aTnendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend by striking
out on page 18,in the twenty-ninth line, the words
"when not on the skin;" so that the line shall
read, "furs dressed." I think it is a matter of
great injustice to discriminate between furs when
on the skin, and when removed. We have taxed
furs three per cent, in one tax bill, and it is unjust
to allow skins dressed to come in free of duty, and
to tax cut skins, which is the object of this amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from New York. It
is simply a question whether skins shall be im-
ported with the fur on, or whether they shall be
carried to England, the fur cut off, and brought
here in small packages. I prefer much to keep
lip the business in New York, as it is done by
this bill as it stands, which allows skins to be
brought in with the fur on, to be cut off here.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out, on page
22, lines sixty-one, sixty-two, and sixty-three, as
follows:
On garden seeds, and all other seeds for agricultural and
horticultural purposes, not otherwise provided for, thirty
pel cent, ad valorem.
Now, sir, I desire simply to say this, that if
there is any article of importation which in this
country it is desirable should be encouraged by
Congress, it is garden seeds for agricultural and
horticultural purposes. The appropriation which
we annually make of §60,000 for agricultural pur-
poses, is designed to accomplish this very end.
Now, the experience of those familiar with this
subject is, that as a general thing those seeds
brought from abroad which are selected by pri-
vate capitalists are better artides, better selections,
of better quality, and better varieties than those
which are selected by the officeis of the Govern-
ment under our annual appropriation.
It seems to me, therefore, that instead of impos-
ing a duty of thirty percent, upon those importa-
tions, if any article at all is to be left upon.the free
list, it should be this character of seeds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly the
gentleman from Indiana at this time has come up
on the wrong side. Mr.Chairman, in relation to
these seeds, our own farmers produce them of an
equal quality with anything which we can bring
from any country in the wond. There was a time,
perhaps, years ago, when it might have been all
object toencourage an importation ofagricultural,
horticultural, and garden seeds; but such is no
longer the fact. The seeds which are produced
by our careful cultivators are equal, and I may
say superior, to anything that can be obtaivied
from abroad, unless it be some peculiar rare vari-
eties. I think our own cultivators of the soil
should be protected, and I hope,therefore, that the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont simply this: as I have been
assured by gentlemen engaged in the business and
by those who live in the section of the country
from which I come, this matter has attracted con-
siderable attention among the farmers of the coun-
try, and that it does not involve any competition
between foreign cultivators of seeds and the pro-
ducers in our country at all. There is no such
competition. These articles of seeds to which we
have had our attention especially directed, and
which are the principal subjects of importation,
are rare articles, are varieties which have not here-
tofore to any considerable extent been introduced
in to this country. Those are the varieties of seeds
which have induced the annual appropriation of
$60,000 for some years past, for the purpose of
importation into this country.
Now, I feel confident that it is infinitely better
to strike out this duty altogether; it is better in
this way to encourage private enterprise than by
the appropriation of this large sum of money an-
