1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
Secretary of the Navy, authorized by act of January 27,
1862, $a,ouu.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the bill, as an additional section,
the following:
gEC, . jia<l be it enacted further, That the President of
the United States is herebv authorized to expend during the
fiscal year ending the 30 th of June, 1863, so much of the
appiopriation of 2d of March, 1861, as he may deem expe-
dient and proper, not exceeding in the whole $10,(100, for
compensation to the United States marshals, distiict attor-
neys, and other persons employed in enforcing the jaws for
the suppiession of the-sUve trade, for any services they may
rendci, and for which no allowance is otherwise piovided
foi by law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are all the
amendments of the committee. The question will
be put on all the amendments together, except the
one objected to by the Senator from Iowa.
The remainder of the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance were agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance, to strike out lines forty-
four and forty-five in the third section, in the fol-
lowing words:
Fur compensation of the surveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, §2,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands have learned from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office that it will be improper
to transfer the books and papers of that office to
the State authorities during the coming year; that
the office work will occupy the whole force for
another year. Hence it appeal s to the Committee
on Public Lands improper to direct that office to
be abolished at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "VVe refused to make an
appropriation last year for that very purpose, as
the Senator will recollect. It has gone on, how-
ever, and not only is this appropriation put in
here for the present year as a deficiency, but there
is also, on another page, an appropriation for the
coming year. The Senator will recollect that we
had a debate ill the Senate on the subject of this
surveyor general of Illinois and Missouri. The
business there, or at least all the surveying, has
been done some time ago. We would not make
any appropriation for it, and the House concurred
with us. It has been kept up, however, and we
now have not only an appropriation for a defi-
ciency, but an appropriation for the next fiscal
year. Why has this work not been finished ? I
should like to have some information from the
Senate in reference to it. Congress indicated its
intention when we passed the appropriation bill
of last year, and made no appropriation. It seems,
notwithstanding the legislation of Congress, that
they demand the same sum for the curient year,
and also for the next. If this amendment succeeds,
I shall also move to strike out of the bill the ap-
propriation which has been put in on another page
for "the next year, (18C3.) Is there to be no end
to it? What is the explanation of it?
Mr. HARLAN. The only explanation I have
is, that I learn from the Department that the work
in that office cannot be completed short of the
conclusion of the coming fiscal year. I might re-
mark perhaps, in addi tion, that although Congress
withheld the appropriation for the present fiscal
year, it also passed a law increasing the labor in
that office by reviving an old law authorizing
claimants to present private land claims under
some old Spanish and French grants, and these
have not all been disposed of.
Mr. PEARCE. We have been endeavoring
for more than a year to put an end to these appro-
priations. The Committee on Finance recom-
mended it two years ago, if I recollect aright; and
we were then told that the coming year would see
the business of the office wound up, and the papers
transferred. It seems very difficult to bring a
thing of this sort to a conclusion; and I am rather
disposed to do it by the strong hand, and put it
down.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move, in order to
carry it out, as we have struck out the appropri-
ation for the present year, the same amendment
on page 19, to strike out lines four hundred and
thirty-seven and four hundred and thirty-eight:
For compensation of the suiveyor general oflllinois and
Mishourt *0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance hjs got through with his amend-
ments, I desire to offer an amendment from the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. B'ESSENDEN. I have finished all but one
which I defer for the present.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on the Library to offer two amend-
ments, the first of which I now send to the Chair.
It is to insert at the end of the second section, after
line sixty-eight, the following:
To enable the Commissioner <ff Public Buildings to re-
place the thin glass in the roof of the Library of Congress
with glass of a proper thickness, and to ventilate the Li-
braiy,$900.
I will state briefly for the information of the
Senate that the roof of the library is made of thin
glass, and it is constantly breaking. On last
Monday when we had a wind storm, sixty panes
were broken, and the broken glass fell through
and broke some panes of fine painted glass in the
ceiling. It is neccssary, therefore, to protect the
roof of the library by putting in thick glass. That
is the object of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
which 1 send to the Chair, to follow the one just
made:
For putting the plates of the exploring expedition in order
for preservation, and ti ansporting them and the other effects
of the expedition to Washington, to be pieserved in some
nf the public buildings, or at the Smithsonian Institution,
$2,000, to be expended under the direction of the J oint Com-
mittee on the Lihraiy of Congress ; and if any pait of this
appropriation shall remain unexpended for these purposes,
the same may he applied, if necessary, to the completion
of volume twenty-three of the woiks ot said exploring ex-
pedition, oi to the payment of any aucar? of rent or claims
loi services due on account of said works.
This is the last of the exploring expedition of
which the Senate have heard so much during the
many years previous, for the present. The object
of the amendment is to bring to Washington all
the effects of the expedition, and all the plates,
near one thousand in number, including those of
natural history, and the plates of the charts, all
of which arc of great value, to deposit them for
preservation in some of the public buildings here,
after having them properly cleaned and waxed,
that they may be ready for use if they should be
required hereafter, as doubtless they will be, and
certainly the charts; for they have been heretofore
in great demand for the mercantile marine, and
sometimes for the naval service. We propose now
to wind up the publication, though all the works
of the expedition have not been completed, some
four or five volumes being either not fully prepared
for publication or only partly printed. The com-
mittee have determined, under all the circum-
stances, that it is better to stop_ the publication
here, even though the works be incomplete. I he
sum asked is required to enable us to pay rent of
a fire-proof building in Philadelphia and of an
office here, which will be due at the end of the
present year, and to defray the expenses of trans-
portation, as I have mentioned, and also to pay
for the services of the superintendent, whose ser-
vices cannot be dispensed with until the property
shall all be brought here and deposited in some of
the public buildings. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 propose
to make a slight amendment, which I think neces-
sary in the second proviso on the 2d page m the
clause making appropriations for legislative ex-
penses. It now reads:
Jlnd provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall
not be coriMiued to give any more mileage than is allowed
by existing laws.
I desire to amend that by striking out the word
" any," and to change the rest of the proviso so
as to read, " more than two mileages to the mem-
bers of the present Congress," in order to leave
nothing for construction hereafter; but providing
simply that we take the mileage at this session,
and that it shall be understood that there shall be
no more mileages for this Congress. I believe we
are entitled to but two mileages. I think it was
; a mistake to take the mileage at the called session,
] and that the mileage provided for in this act is not
I due until the next session of Congress; but as we
propose to take it, I think the provision ought to
be amended so that it will be understood by Con-
gress and by the country that no more mileage is
due to us during the present. Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator a change of the phraseology of the proviso,
so that it shall read :
.and provided- further, That the foregoing proviso shall
not be construed to give mileage for more than two sessions
of the present Congress.
That will answer his purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the same idea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itis the same idea,but eor^
reeling the phraseology. I think it is very clear
as it is now.
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts. Iacceptthat.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have some amendments to
offer which I am directed by the Committee on
Foreign Relations to move to the bill. I send one
up to the desk to insert on page 9, under the head
of " Department of State," between the two hun-
dred and third and two hundred «nd fourth
lines 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator to put the amendment in some other place,
after the two hundred and fifth line if he pleases,
because the next head is " for the incidental and
contingent expenses of said Department."
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; it is better there.
I move to insert oil page 9, after line two hundred
and five, the following:
For losses on drafts of consuls, marshals of tht^ United
States, consular courts, and interpreters for the period end-
ing June 30,1863, $10,000.
If any Senator needs an explanation of the
amendment, I have an explanation furnished me
from the Department of State. I suppose itis not
necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
explanation. An appropriation is usually made
for this purpose in the consular appropriation bill,
and if this is in addition to that appropriation I
should like to know the reason for it.
Mr. SUMNER. The occasion for it now is,
that the appropriation usually made has run out.
There is at this moment but §90 94 in the Treas-
ury for this purpose, and the object is to make
proper provision for these cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been usual to put this
appropriation in the consular bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It has been usual to put it in
the consular bill; but it was not put in that bill,
and this is to supply the deficiency occasioned by
its not being there.
The annulment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amendmentto
follow that:
For an increase of the salary of the consul general of
the United States at Havana, to commence June 30, 1S62,
$1,500, and the said salary is permanently established at
$7,500.
If any explanation is needed I have it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to put that amendment after line two hundred and
three, before the appropriations for the incidental
expenses of the Department.
Mr. SUMNER. That is where I proposed to
put them both.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that amendment in order,
to change an existing law on an appropriation
bill? Perhaps it is in the Senate; it is not m the
House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair appre-
hends that it is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I am opposed to the
amendment, and call for the yeas and nays upon
it. I intend, in all eases, to vote against an in-
crease of salaries, unless there is some especial
reason for it. I think the salary of the consul
general at Havana, §6,000, is amply sufficient to
compensate a poetical patriot who may choose to
go there and reside, and perform the duties of that
office. ,
Mr. SUMNER. If the question were as the
Senator states, the compensation of a political
patriot, I should agree with him entirely; but that
is not the question. It is a question whether the
present compensation is adequate foi the demands
upon the consul at that place; and in regard to
that I am furnished by the Secretary of State with
a statement which I will read. I ask the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to it.
embrace this occasion'*—
says the Secretary m the letter which I have here—
" to invite youi attention to Hie expediency of iueieasing
tiic compensation of the consul geueial at Havana, so as to
make it at lea-t equal to that of the consuls at London and
Liverpool. The number of American vessels whwli enter
and clear at Havana is moic than three limes a& great as at
Livei pool, and more than four times as great as at London.
