1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Here comes a man before the House who, by the
action of the House, is placed in an anomalous
attitude. What more natural and reasonable than
that the contestant should at once see that he had
somethingtodonow which hehadnottodo before?
That he had to take the affirmative; that he had
to take the initiative, to get back the seat purloined
from him? In order to do that, he not being the
contestant originally, the time having expired in
which to give notice as a contestant, the time hav-
ing elapsed for taking testimony, what more nat-
ural than that such a resolution should pass? that
it should receive the construction I place on it?
But enough on that point.
The gentleman com plains of the contestant that
he.did not furnish any testimony; that he fur-
nished none in regard to the L'eau-qui-court pre-
cinct and other points; and with considerable
power of ingenuity, he came to the conclusion
that he had none to offer, or he would have offered
it. On the point presented by this certificate let
us see what testimony the contestant brought here.
I hold in my hand the affidavit of Mr. Pentland,
which will show the character of this case in its
legitimate colors. It is as follows:
District op Columbia, City of Washington, ss:
I, Andrew W. Pentland, formerly resident of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, but more recently connccted with the
army of the Potomac, upon iny oath depose and say: I am
a relative of Sauiuel w. Black, formerly the Governor of
Nebraska; that I was at his house in Nebraska City one
day in May last, nftei he (Black) had been removed from
the governorship of Nebraska, and Alvin Saundeis had been
appointed and had arrived in Nebraska, and had gone to
Omaha—
That was after Governor Black's term of office
had expired, after he had ccased to be Governor
of Nebraska—
and that at the private residence of the said Samuel XV.
Black, at Nebraska City, in the month of May, 1861, in the
presence of Samuel G. Daily and Samuel W. Black, I copied
for the said Black and Daily a certificate of election to
Congress which ho (Black) then and there, in my prc^cncc
and In Daily's presence, did sign and give to Mr. Daily,
first, however, sticking upon the said certificate a green
wafer, which had been under the gieat seal of the Terri-
tory—
I would not vote for any man, I care not what
else he would present in the case, who would be-
daub and defile his title deed by a transaction of
this kind—
and the said certificate was made by date to appear to have
been issued some time previous, and by Black in his exec-
utive capacity of Governor of Nebraska.
Furthermore this deponent is willing to go before the
Committee of Elections for the House of Representatives
oftheThhty-Seventh Congress and be examined and cross-
examined upon all the abovy subject-matter.
A, W. PENTLANI).
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 4th day of March,
A. I). 1862. F. [.MURPIIY, J. P. [i.. s.]
Ah, this is aot evidence, say the committee.
Why not? Under the resolution I have quoted
from the extra session, it is clear, legitimate, and
proper evidence. But further. If that would not
do, Mr. Morton offered to bring the witness him-
self before the committee in proper person. That
was refused, and it is to be observed here that it
was not for the want of proper noticc.
Now, Mr. Speaker, thus having disposed of the
claim which the sitting member from Nebraska
has to a seat upon this floor, I am going to depart
from that branch of the case by asking the mem-
bers of this House, by their votes, to consider
well whether they an; willing to dignify this kind
of title into an equality with their own, and I a-k
the members of this House if they have any fur-
ther doubt as to the fraudulent and forgetfehar-
acterof this certificate, issued six or eight months
after the legal canvass and award of the certificate
to Mr. Morton, two months after his term of ser-
vice as Delegate had commenced, and after Gov-
ernor Black had retired from the gubernatorial
chair of the Territory of Nebraska. If they have
any further doubt, with all these circumstances
ot fraud clinging about it, let them look at the seal
and impression and say whether they can find it
in their consciences and hearts to indorse and
sanction such a fraud and such an imposition upon
the confidence and credulity of this House. It
was done once—last July. It is enough that it
was done once; let it not be done twice!" An old
Chinese proverb says, "deceive me once,it is my
misfortune; deceive me twice, it is my fault.''
This House has been deceived once, and it wits
our misfortune. If we are deceived again in a
transaction of this kind, it is our fault, and we be-
some a party to this fraud with our eyes open,
sinningin the light of day and in the face of knowl-
edge.
Again, before I leave this question nf the certif-
icate; talk to me about evidence! talk to me about
challenging inquiry! I appeal to each member of
the committee to know if I have stated incorrectly
any one point. Governor Black, it is well known,
has been in this capital during the entire winter,
and if investigation was desired, Mr. Morton was
ready to bring Pentland before the committee,
and willing to have Mr. Daily bring Black before
it also; and I know that it is no fault of the con-
testant that they did not appear, and yet investi-
gation before the committee upon that point was
smothered.
I wish to advert to another point of a similar
character in regard to that testimony.
Mr. WORCESTER. Did the gentleman ap-
peal to the committee?
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir; and I will hear
any statement the gentleman has to make.
Mr. WORCESTER. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether it was not proposed by the
sitting member to call Mr. Black before the com-
mittee to take his testimony?
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman if Mr.
Daily's proposition was not to open wide the
doors once more, and to go back and hunt up
testimony de novo? That was the sitting member's
proposition. I aver that the contestant proposed
to introduce Pentland, and cheerfully and will-
ingly to accord to the contestec the right to call
Black.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say a word about this man Pentland?
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I know this man Pent-
land very well, i have known him from boyhood.
He was the clerk of Governor Black. He came
to my room and stated to me that this paper which
the gentleman refers to, and which was discovered
to be m his handwriting, was copied from the ori-
ginal paper which had been signed and executed
when Block was Governor; that the original pa-
per had become mutilated and soiled, and that it
became necessary to make a copy.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Allow me one remark
just here. Is the gentleman willing to allow Mr.
Pentland to come forward himself and testify
about the facts of that transaction ? He is in town.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have no objection. I
should be very glad to have it done, because I
know that he will testify to what I have stated
here.
Mr. VOORHEES. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania know when the term of office of
Governor Black expired?
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir.
Mr. VOORHEES. I suppose not, or the gen-
tleman would not havp made the remark he did.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
like to hear from the sitting Delegate whether the
statement m that affidavit is correct or not.
Mr. DAILY. I will answer the gentleman. I
did not know, though the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Vooriiees] asserts it with such positiveness,
that there wasannflidavitmade by Pentland, which
the contestant offered to introduce. It escaped me,
though I was before the committee all the time,
and I did not know that fact until after the decis-
ion and report of the committee were made, when
i beard of it from the chairman of the committee.
I understood the contestant to offer to introduce
Mr. Pentland, to prove thus and so by him, to
which 1 replied that I was willing that he should
be introduced and examined, provided I was per-
mitted to bring other evidence to contradict any-
thing which he should say that 1 did not like.
And I referred to the evidence; I referred to Judge
Conkling, my attorney, and 1 said that 1 could
prove by him that I took this certificate from Gov-
ernor Black. 1 naked Judge Conkling whether he
would advise me to accept the certificate. He said
he thought 1 had a perfect case, and he would not
accept anything at his hands. It was made before
Governor Black's term of office expired.
Mr.Ti 10 M AS, of Massachusetts. This paper?
Mr. DAILY. Tins identical paper was made
before his term of office expired.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Aie the
facts stated in relation to the mode m which that
paper wax obtained, true or not?
Mr. DAILY. I will state how the paper was
prepared. Governor Black and I, at hiu solicita-
tion, not mine, went to the city of O'njiha—Gov-
ernor Block's residence wasatN- brn^ka City, fifty
miles from Omaha—and there, at the seat of gov-
ernment, Governor Black made out this certificate
to me, which I took to my attorney, Judge Conk-
ling, and asked him whether I should accept it or
not. He advised me not to accept it. I tin n went
to my other attorney, Mr. Lapp, and asked him.
He advised me to accept it, saying that it could
do no harm and perhaps it might do good. He
said it was good and right in law. 1 therefore told
Governor Black that I would accept the certifi-
cate. Governor Black took the certificate and put
it into his pocket and started for home. For some
reason, he got off the boat before he got home.
In a day or two he came home. I went then to
him anu asked him for the certificate. He deliv-
ered it to me, but said it was so rumpled and such
a poor handwrite (being his own hand) that it
should be copied, and he gave it to Pentland, his
clerk, to copy it. Pentland copied it, gave it to
Black, and Black took from his desk a blank seal
which had been stamped, and which he had in
his house at Nebraska City, and attached it to the
certificate, and then gave the certificate to me.
He was then still acting Governor of Nebraska
Territory.
Mr. MORTON, (the contestant.) I would ask
the gentleman whether Governor Black or any
other party ever gave me notice that any such cer-
tificate was in existence?
Mr. DAILY. No, sir; except this: Governor
Black requested me not to. Fie said he was hounded
by this man Morton, who had a debt against him
upon which he would stop his property and pre-
vent him from going away, and he desired that
nothing should be said about it until after he got
away. So I did not mention it. But for fear that
this would be charged as a trick, when I came on
here and considered that question, I caused a tele-
gram to be sent to the papers, more than a week
before the commencement of the session of Con-
gress, stating that I had such a certificate, and yet
Morton comes forward and says he did not know
it until the 4th of July. For fear that very charge
might be made, I heralded it upon the wings of
the telegraph that I had the certificate.
Mr. VOORHEES. Now, Mr. Speaker, just
let us sum up these facts as we go along and have
a distinct understanding.
Mr. DAILY. One thing I forgot, if the gen-
tleman from Indiana will allow me to add it.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 shall have to decline,
unless my time is to be extended. [Cries of
" Agreed !"] Then I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAILY. I desire to say here to the House
and the country, that this Governor Black was
not my Governor, nor the Governor of my party,
nor did I go to Governor Black. Governor Black
came to me, and offered to give me this certificate,
stating at the time that he had been convinced that
I was elected from the evidence that had been
taken—for it will be remembered that at that time
the evidence had been taken m regard to this out-
rageous fraud in L'eau-qui-court county. He said
that the vote in that county was not only fraudu-
lent, but that it was an absolute fraud, and that
he felt it to be his duty, as a man and as a Gov-
ernor, to do me justice, and to give me a certificate
revoking the former certificate, and giving the
reasons why he revoked it. It is well known in
Nebraska that this vote in L'eau-qui-court county
was an absolute fraud.
Mr. VOORHEES claimed the fioor.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman let me
move to adjourn ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish to close what few
remarks I have to make this evening.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can close them
better in the morning.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope the gentleman will
have some sympathy for a young and inexperi-
enced member, and let me get through. [Laugh-
ter.] The conduct of the gentleman from Ne-
braska [Mr. Daily] lemmds me that it is not the
first time I have seen a confederate in a dishon-
orable transaction tuin round and repudiate the
person who helped him m time of need, it is the
unkindcst ihing of all towards Colonel Black, that
after all he did for the gentleman—and I think he
did far more than any honouible man ought to
d<>—to be kicked and spurned by the recipient of
his bounty. It. is a spectacle to be deplored.
Mr. DAILY. L -t me say one word.
