1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
293B
which should have sway in a civilized country to
discriminate against them. The State of Califor-
nia in her legislation has constantly discriminated
against them. In taking out a license as miners
they are compelled to pay, I believe, #2 50 each.
Mr. SARGENT. The law refers to foreign
miners.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, the law may say for-
eign miners, but the gentleman very well knows
that it refers only to these Chinese miners. Nine
tenths, 1 venture to say, of all the foreign mineis
in the State of California are Chinese, and the dis-
crimination against them in working the mines is
thirty or forty dollars a-year. If there be any prin-
ciple upon which this legislation can be justified,
I do not know where it can be found. I think that
this legislation of the State of California, instead
of being approved of by this House, ought to be
condemned, and not carried out by the House as
is proposed by the pending amendment.
If it is intended to prohibit a particular class of
people from coming among us, let them say so at
once, and do not let them oppiess them by the
passage of laws in which you compel tl\em to pay
ten times as much as anybody else for the same
privilege. Such laws are wholly in conflict with
the generous spirit of our free institutions. They
are a'mockery of the boast that this land is the
asylum of the oppressed of all climes. If they are
disgraceful, then, to California, how much more
disgraceful would it be for Congress to indorse
them and to carry them out.
This people live mainly upon rice. It is the
principal article of their food, and the gentleman
ftoin Ualifornia very frankly avows that this in-
creased tax upon rice is intended to'affect them
and nobody else. I do not believe the House will
give its approval to any such unfair discrimination.
Now, what I look upon as important in refer-
ence to the duty on rice is this: the doubt is
whether we ought to lay any tax on imported rice
at all. My own judgment is that we ought not,
because we have not included it in the tax bill,
and it is a violation of the principle upon which
we started in making up this tariff bill. I should
be glad, therefore, to see the duty on ricc stricken
out altogether. But the idea of making the duty
operate exclusively and oppressively against a
particular class of our population is wrong, and
ought to have our instant disapproval. The gen-
tleman says that they getdrunk. Now, they were
never drunkards until England, at the point of the
bayonet, compelled them to use opium. They
were the most sober and industrious people upon
the earth until they had the misfortune to become
acquainted with English civilization. I do not
know whether they have become worse sincc they
have settled in California. Probably the gentle-
man can answer. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I supposed that in the con-
sideration of the pending amendment it would be
proper to discuss the legislation of Congress, and
not the legislation of California, or of any other
State. The strictures of the gentleman from
Pennsylvaniarelate to some legislation of the State
of California,and notto theamendment I propose;
and I think that his own good sense will convince
him,on reflection, that they were neither germane
nor proper.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to say that the
gentleman admitted that the legislation was in-
tended to afiVct this class of people alone.
Mr. SARGENT. But I did not say that I was
in favorof oragainstany particular legislation of
my own State. I was pointing out the operation
of this amendment. The gentleman has properly
a great horrofof slavery. These Halls have rung
with his denunciations of that system. But let
me tell the gentleman these Chinese are slaves.
These very Chinese arc owned by two large com-
panies composed of Chinese themselves. A com-
paratively few men monopolize those Chinese,a«d
send them over to California by ship loads. These
Hong Kong and Canton men who are owned in
China are shipped to our State to work in our
mines and perform other labor.
Mr. MAiNARD. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man to say that these Chinese are held as slaves
in our country?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; they are held as
slaves by Chinese masters in California. I know
i.t by my own observation and investigations in
California. I merely was wishing to illustrate
the argument of the gentleman himself, and if the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
had not used that argument, I should not have
made this explanation. These Chinese are im-
ported into our State and there held as slaves. In
morals and in every other respect they are obnox-
ious to our people. The women are prostitutes,
and the men petty thieves. But how can we keep
them out?
Mr.STEVENS. 1 never heard before that they
tolerated slavery in California. Worse and worse
for the gentleman and for California.
Mr. SARGENT. I speak for California; and
I tell the gentleman he now seeks to rivet that
system upon us by lessening the price of rice,
thereby enabling these slave-masters to import
more slaves into California, and make the system
profitable. Worse and worse for the gentleman !
Our Legislature has endeavored to correct this
evil, and practically to expel these slaves from our
midst. They have placed restrictions upon them
which would tend to make the holding of them
unprofitable. We have endeavored to free our-
s lvcs of that which has been an incumbrance and
loss to California. By smoking opium they get
into a state of insensibility, and set fire to their
buildings, and thus our towns are destroyed. No
matter, they are seeking their fortunes! You have
heard of the frequent conflagrations of our cities
and towns. Many of them have proceeded from
this cause. A people of strange tongue, vile hab-
its, impossible of assimilation, and with customs
difficult to penetrate, swarm by thousands to our
shores, like the frogs of Egypt, and yet we are
upbraided by the intelligentgenllcman because we
put a State tax on them to discourage their influx.
He ascribes all theirfaults to English oppression.
Never was fall so great in so few years if a whole
people has so soon and so utterly become cor-
rupted. It needs no English bayonets to promote
their use of opium in California. But what shall
we do with these people? We cannot put on an
importation tax, for, says the gentleman, they
have a right of asylum. We cannot expel them
from our towns without force, and that we will
not use. We may impose taxes on them to make
them unprofitable to their masters, and then they
will be withdrawn, though this may be the exer-
cise of a questionable right, justified only by self-
defense. There is an absolute necessity of pro-
tecting ourselves against the men who pour these
Chinese into our State in spite of ourselves. And
while I myself, had I been a member of the Le-
gislature, might not have voted for the laws in
relation to them that have been passed, there was
a necessity that something be done to correct this
great evil.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has no right
to cry out, shame to California! We are overrun
by these pagans, and we are doing what we canto
relieve'ourselves in the mild form of taxation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman why they do not emancipate these slaves,
and elevate them to an equality with the surround-
ing population?
Mr. SARGENT. I tell the gentleman from
Tennessee I never saw a negro population any-
where which was not infinitely superior to these
Chinese in character, morality, and intelligence.
It would be an infinite work to elevate them. But
our laws do not make them slaves, be they good
or bad. No shame clings to our garments. Our
laws proclaim freedom to all.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether slavery is tolerated in China.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 think it is.
Mr. STEVENS. That is new to me.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not new to me. I think
I can state that it is spoken of by authors, who
have traveled in China, in theirwritingsupon that
country. There are degrees of it, and the pecu-
liar form of slavery that exists in the South may
not exist there. But there does exist a relation-
ship by which the control of one man belongs to
another,-independent of the will of the latter, and
that they have imported into California.
I was once a prosecuting officer for a county in
California, and then there was brought under my
observation a great many of the characteristics
and habits of these Chinese. I was frequently
called upon to sue out writs of habeas ^corpus to
liberate Chinese held in restraint by their mas-
ters under pretended Chinese laws or customs;
and the Chinese masters seemed unable to com-
prehend why their "rights" could not be sus-
tained in court. Our courts repudiated any such
ideas. We did not sustain the system, and the
courts, in every case where the parties were
brought before them, set the slaves or peons
free. But still the system preyails to a great ex-
tent, and we cannot get rid of it entirely, as they
are incapacitated by dense ignorance from know-
ing their rights, and seeking redress through the
courts.
Mr. PORTER. I would inquire of the gen-,
tleman whether these Chinese are held as slaves
by virtue of the laws of California.
Mr. SARGENT. They are not, as I have
said.
Mr. PORTER. How is it that they can be held
as slaves when there is no law authorizing it?
Mr. SARGENT. They cannot be held by vir-
tue of any California law We declare by our law,
and we endeavor to carry it out, that theie shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in Cal-
ifornia, except in punishment for crime. Upon
that principle we stand, and it has been our con-
stant endeavor to break down that system when-
ever we could discover-it. The reason why it
exists is that these Chinese are ignorant of their
rights. They neither read nor write or speak Eng-
lish, and therefore you have no way of explaining
to them that no one has a right to hold them as
slaves. Only m cases accidentally developed do
we reach the system.
Mr. STEVENS. I have understood that the
Chinese were almost universally a people that
could read and write.
Mr. SARGENT. The Chinese almost univer-
sally read and write their own language, but we
do not print any books in their language. It is the
study of a lifetime to acquire a knowledge of that
language. But they do not read our language.
I wish now to speak a moment to the amend-
ment. I stated that my objcct in moving this
amendment was not because it affected one class
of our people or another, but bocause we have
certain industrial pursuits which have grown up
underfonner tariffs, and I now ask that the same
degree of discrimination shall bo kept up between
clean and unclean rice as formerly existed. Under
former tariffs we were encouraged to go on and
invest our capital in mills, and it is capricious upon
the part of the Government to say we shall not
have the same favor as before. Although I went
on and stated that rice was consumed by a partic-
ular class of our population when asking thatthe
tax be increased upon a certain article to the ex-
tent it has heretofore been, I can see no necessity
for interposing this character of discussion. If
the Chinese has to pay more for his rice under
this amendment, so does the American, and there-
fore it is not oppressive to that class. If the gen-
tleman does not wish to increase the revenue by
taxing an article particularly consumed by an
alien population, that part of my suggestion will
have no weight with him; but to me it is an im-
portant reason, and will continue so so long as I
see my State suffering under the influx of a race
that is so deeply sunk in barbarism that contact
with them is demoralization.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to call
the attention of the committee back to the ques-
tion before them; for although this discussion
about the Chinese in California is exceedingly in-
teresting, it is, perhaps, more important that we
proceed with the bill. In relation to the duty on
rice proposed here, I will say that the same amount
of discrimination is preserved in this bill that was
in the last tariff bill. Under the present tariff, the
dtfity upon cleaned rice is one dollar per hundred
pounds; and upon uncleaned and paddy, fifty cents
per hundred pounds. Thatdifference ispreserved
in this bill. We have raised both—cleaned rice
to $1 50, and uncleaned and paddy to one dollar
per hundred pounds. Now, the ordinary value of
rice is about four cents per pound; and I submit
to the House whether one cent and a half upon
•four is not enough. It is certainly more extrav-
agant than the duty upon any other article of a
similar kind. There arc no Representatives from
the South here to ask us for any increased pro-
tection on rice; and at the present time we arc de-
pendent mainly upon India for our whole supply.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, without any reference to the Chinese, will
not be adopted.
Mr. Sargent's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr- WARD. I notice, in examining the bill,
