1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
cipal prisoners, so to speak, are confined within
the walls of this institution, but the courts of this
city are all of them Federal courts, the criminal
court in this city is a Federal court, exclusively
Mr. GRIMES. And the magistrates are Fed-
eral magistrates.
Mr. TEN EYCK. So are the magistrates
courts Federal courts. The smallest court in the
city having-jurisdiction of criminal cases is a Fed-
eral court. This is a place for the safe-keeping of
offenders, where they are lodged, "until they may
be accused and tried, and for the safe-keeping of
those who are convicted for criminal offenses.
Now, shall the cost of the erection of a new
structure of this kind be upon the inhabitants of
the city alone, or shall it be borne in part, if not
wholly, by the Federal Treasury? It seems to
me to be most appropi'iate that the Federal Gov-
ernment should be at the expense of this struc-
ture. I do not know whether or not this amend-
ment embraces a provision relative to the place for
holding the courts, because there was so much
" noise and confusion" in the Chamberwhen the
amendment was read that it was impossible to hear
what was going on from the seat which I occu-
pied ; but we know also that the place of holding
the courts, as well as the jail, has been occupied
jointly and conjointly by the Federal tribunals
and by the city authorities, who hold courts for
the trial of civil causes, &c. There is no doubt
that we should be cautious, that we should be
careful, that there is no raid committed upon the
Treasury for the sole and exclusive advantage of
the city; and yet, at the same time, 1 apprehend
it is proper and right that we should discriminate
and not entirely withhold the appropriation of
funds from the revenue of the country for the ben-
efit, advantage, and convenience of the Federal
Government, so to spealc. In this point of view,
I shall sustain and votefortheamendmentaspro-
posed by the chairman of the Committee on the
bistrict of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator from
New Jersey why there have been so many abuses
in this jail. It is simply because it is under the
authority of the United States. As long as the
municipal building here where you put your petty
offenders, your little thieves, your negroes who
are taken up for assault and battery, (fee., is under
the control of the marshal of the Distiict, an officer
parcl by the United States Government, instead
of being controlled by the city officers, you will
have abuses. If you erect a magnificent palace,
costing $500,000, you will have the same trou-
bles about tiie jail. Negroes will be held without
process just as well as in a poor-jail. You will
have the same abuses that you have now. You
must put the jail under localauthority; you must
put it under the authority of the grand jury and
the municipality here in order to get rid of abuses.
Why is it that the jails all o^er the United States
are generally so well conducted? It is because
they arc controlled by the county commission-
ers in the counties, by the municipal authorities
in the cities; because they are controlled by a
healthy public sentiment. No abuse could be
permanent in a jail controlled by the authorities
of the city of Washington, because the people of
the city themselves would rise and insist upon
the correction of it. The reason why abuses have
occurred in our jail here—and I have heard of them
with as much regret as anybody—is because the
marshal is beyond all power, beyond all control,
unless you can control him. It is because the men
who control your jails are beyond your authority.
You must put the places assigned for the punish-
ment of petty offenders under the control of the
judges, under the control of the city authorities,
and then those abuson will be avoided. The whole
of this District, I believe, is embraced within two
corporations. The cities of Washington and
Georgetown, I believe, cover the whole territory
of the District.
Mr.PEARCE. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a county outside
of the two cities ?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there are three cor-
poiations covering the whole territory of the Dis-
trict—the city of Washington, the city of George-
town, and the county of Washington. If you
place the jnil under these local authorities, I think
it wiil be well managed; there will be no tempta-
tion to abuse. The offenders that are there are
offenders against the laws of the United States for
the District. You do not put in this jail persons
accused of treason. They are tried in the States
where treason is-'committed, and they are con-
victed there. In the States, the United States use
the jails of the various counties under an arrange-
ment made. Nov/, if you think it is just that the
United States should aid the city authorities in
building a jail, I am perfectly willing to vote for
a law, to be framed by the Senator from Iowa,
allowing the city authorities of Georgetown and
Washington to build a jail after their own plan,
and let the General Government contribute a fair
share of the expense. I am willing at any time to
vote for such a proposition; but to vote for a prop-
osition that will throw the whole burden of build-
ing a jail—a magnificent jail, as it will be, if built
by the United States—ori the Government of the
United States, at this time of trial, when we arc
under no more obligation to purnsh the petty
thieves, the shoulder-hitters, the persons who arc
guilty of assault and battery in this District, than
wo are anywhere else, is, I think, wrong. I, for
one, will not vote for it; and I think you will find
that this proposition will be opposed in the House
of Representatives, as it always has been. Let the
District Committee, who ought to have charge of
this matter, bring in a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a jail under the control of the authori-
ties of the District, not under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior, who ought to have noth-
ing to do with it.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] sug-
gests that we might as well build a market-house
for this city. Why not? Why not build resi-
dences for the citizens? Why not furnish them,
as I asked before, with their breakfast, dinner, and
supper? We can make laws for them; but that
does not necessarily imply that we must make all
the people of the United States be at the expense
of constructing the necessary buildings for their
municipal purposes.
I have always opposed this system and I al-
ways shall. 1 think the true way of disposing of
this District is to vest in the municipal authorities
of Washington and Georgetown all the powers of
a State, a county, and a municipal government,
supervised, however, by Congress; to treat the
people of this District as you would treat any
other subordinate authority to the Government of
the United States, giving them a right to control
all their municipal matters, to construct all their
public buildings, except such as you yourselves
use for the transaction of the public business. A
jail, a poor-house, an asylum—except the general
asylums for the Army and Navy—ail these local
buildings ought to be built by some authority
in the District of Columbia, under laws wisely
framed by Congress, the money to be disbursed
by the municipal authorities, to be collected by
taxes in the main, and let the General Govern-
ment contribute whatever is right and proper, in
a liberal and manly spirit, to help the municipal
authorities in erecting public buildings. That is
the only proper system, in my judgment, and I
shall vote against any appropriation of public
money for building municipal institutions in this
city.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator from
Ohio has discovered, what I presume most of us
have, that it is much easier to raise objections, to
point out evils, than it is to undertake to remedy
them. Why is it that the Senator himself, who
has been so long in public life, has not brought in
a bill to remedy the evils of which he speaks?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not been on the ap-
propriate committee.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has been on a
committee that has special charge of the finances
of this country. The amount of money that is
appropriated from the Federal Treasury for the
support of institutions, for the pay of judges,
jurors, and witnesses, and so on in this District,
is a very large sum. Has not the Senator's atten-
tion been attracted to it before ? He asks why it
is not proper for us also to make an appropriation
for a market-house. The answer is because our
laws do not control the markets of this District.
There is no sort of analogy between that case and
this. This jail is a place where we put men who
have violated our laws, men who have been tried
by our courts, who have been found guilty by our
juries, who have been sentenced by our judges
under our authority. Certainly it is not only
competent but proper that we should find methods
of punishing them. I should like the Senator to
point out what method we ought to adopt to secure
the erection of a jail in the District unless it is done
by the United States, with the laws as they now
stand. We have in this District three several
jurisdictions. We have first the city of Washing-
ton with its mayor and common council. Then we
have the city of Georgetown with its mayor and
common council. Then we have the levy court of
the county of Washington, which controls things
outside of those two corporations. How are we
goingtoapportion the expenses of erecting a build-
ing of this sort, among these several jurisdictions?
They are not bound together by any common
authority. There is no board of county commis-
sioners to control things here. There is no way
by which you can equalize the assessments be-
tween thedifferent portionsof the countyof Wash-
ington. If there is any such method, I should
like to have the Senator from Ohio suggest to us
the manner in which it can be accomplished. I
have given to this subject a good deal of attention;
I have tried to devise some way I came into
Congress with precisely the same ideas as to what
was supposed to be the grasping disposition of
the people of this District to acquire the public
Treasury into their own control that the Sena-
tor from Ohio has manifested here to-day; but
after giving the subject all the consideration I
could, I have not been able to imagine any scheme
by which wc can secure the erection of a humane,
deccnt, respectable, and strong jail, unless we do
it ourselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator's
question. What practical difficulty is there in
the way of forming a county organization, such
as is formed in Iowa or Ohio, for your laws are
precisely similar to ours in that respect, I believe
—a county organization, embracing the whole of
this District, and giving to county commissioners
a subordinate municipal authority, a power to
levy taxes within certain limits, as county com-
missioners do in the States. County commission-
ers erect jails in the States. Why not erect this
District into a county with that organization?
Mr. GRIMES. There are a great many reasons
why that cannot be done. I do notpropose to go
into them here, and specify them in detail; but
that subject has been under the consideration of
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
we believed it was impracticable for us to do it.
The Senator has said that the evils which are
now complained of will always exist while the
jail is under the control of the marshal, who is
beyond our jurisdiction. A great many of these
evils, in the opinion of the committee, have re-
sulted, not from the conduct of any marshal, but
from the character of the jail itself. It has no
ventilation; there are no water closets; there are
none of the conveniences that exist in any well
regulated jail. Now, are we to stand by with, our
arms folded, and wait for a board of commission-
ers, if we should appoint one, or authorize the
election of such a board, to levy a tax on the peo-
ple of this District, and meanwhile allow white
men and colored men to be thrown in and hud-
dled together, two hundred and thirty-eight at a
time, in such a jail as this, mixed up without any
classification, no matter what may be the offense
that may have been perpetrated ? Why sir, the
jail itself, speaking not of the man who conducts
it, but of the method of conducting it, and which
results inseparably from the construction of the
jail, is a stench in the nostrils of any man who
has ever taken the trouble to investigate it.
Mr. CLARK. It is admitted, I believe, by all
that the management of the jail in this city is dis-
graceful. It is under the control of the govern-
ment of the District—of the marshal—under our
control. We admit that it is a disgrace to us, and
has been for years. Now, as I understand it, the
Senator from Ohio objects to making it anything
else, to putting it in the proper position, because
he thinks the authorities of Washington ought to
doit. Is it not our jail ? Does it not belong to
us to reform it, if anybody? I suggest to the
honorable Senator from Ohio that if we put it un-
der the control of the people of Washington, it is
not possible to make tins jail what it ought to bo.
If you go into one of the cells where the men sleep,
you will find twenty men, by the very force of
circumstances, the want of room, put into one cell.
