THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
that the tariff upon corks is twenty-five cents per
pound. I desire to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if be has ascertained
what advance that will.be upon the present tariff.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That depends
Upon the character of the corks. Upon fine velvet
corks it will be no large advance, but it will be a
considerable advance upon ordinary corks.
Mr. "WARD. I would ask what will be the
advance upon ordinary corks?
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, I do not
know the precise value at the present time. The
increase will be very considerable upon thecoaiser
kinds of corks, but on such as are used in bot-
tling wines and mineral water there will not be
much advance, and upon the kind used by apoth-
ecaries the duty will be nearly the same as at
present.
Mr. WARD. I would ask the honorable mem-
ber also, whether corks are sold by the pound or
by the gross?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Corks are sold
by the gross, as I presume the gentleman under-
stands, and an entire gross of some kinds of corks
would not weigh a pound.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike out "twenty-
live cents per pound,"and to insert in lieu thereof
" twenty-five per cent, ad valorem."
Mr.Chairman, I understand,although lam not
familiar with these subjects, that the rite at pres-
ent fixed upon corks iii this bill raises the duty
one hundred and fifty to one hundred and sev-
enty-five per cent., and I am informed by ti lead-
ing mercantile firm of New York of high charac
ter that the placing of the tariff upon tile pound,
instead of ad valorem, lias a tendency to conceal
the exaggerated increase which is thus created by
this bill. I am also informed that a duty of twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem would afford a fair, just,
and proper competition in the domestic market.
I hope, therefore, that the Ilouso-will adopt the
amendment, and not place so enormous a tariff
upon these articles. This is an absolutely pro-
hibitory tariff. It will yield 110 revenue whatever
to the Government. I do not understand that the
object of this bill is to prohibit importations, but
rather to impose proper duties that will yield some
revenue to tne Government. It would have been
better, it seems to me, for the committee to have
made the duty ml valorem instead of placing the
tariff at so much per pound, when corks are sold
by the gross. There is no earthly reason for this
enormous increase of from one hundred and fifty
- to one hundred and seventy-five per cent., and I
hope that the Committee of Ways and Mcnns
will make some explanation upon this subject that
will be satisfactory, or will permit this'amend-
ment, which 1 am assured will afford adequate
protection, to be adopted,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The purpose of
the Committee of Ways and Means, in proposing
this duty upon corks, is ievenue,and not protec-
tion, so far as cork is concerned. There is nota
single pound of the bark produced in this country.
The duty upon corks can be much more easily lev-
ied by the pound than by the gross. As the gen-
tlemtin from New York is perfectly well aware,
these corks come in small bags, and can be much
more easily weighed than counted. It is true, that
in relation to the lower priced article of corks,
those that are really worth very little for use or in
value, this will be a very considerable increase
upon the present tariff, but upon the higher cost
articles, what are called velvet corks, the increase
is not too much. The increase will not be a bur-
den upon any portion of the community, and I
hope; therefore, that the amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. Ward's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to insert
before the word " one," in the ninety-eighth line,
the words " three fourths of;"'so that the clause
will read, " on rice, cleaned, one cent and a half
per pou nd; padd y and uncleaned rice, three fourths,
of one cent per pound."
Mr. Chairman, I favored the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague, [Mr. Sargent,] and
would quite as soon have had that amendment
adopted as this. I regret the unfortunate discus-
sion which arose upon it, fur i so consider it. It
is necessary for American interests that this dis-
crimination between cleaned rice and uncleaned
rice should exist. My colleague had read at the
desk a communication signed, ! believe, by all the
American importers of rice in San Francisco. It
is well known, probably, to .the House, that the
larger portion of all the rice imported into this
country, is imported into the harbor of San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless the gentleman desires
for other [purposes to debate his amendment fur-
ther, I think there is no objection, so far as the
Committee of Ways and Means are concerned,
to its adoption.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Very well, sir;
I have no desire to detain the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert, on page 23, after line eighty-five, the follow-
ing: "On (Sates engraved on steel, copper, wood,
or any other material, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. In mercy to a very excel-
lent man who has finally convinced me that he is
right, I move to strike out " three," in line thirty-
four,and insert " two,"and to strike out " four,"
in line thirty-live, and insert " three," so that the
clause will read, " on chiccory root, two cents per
pound; on chiccory ground, burnt, or prepared,
three cents per pound." That will perhaps have
the effect of cheapening the price of coffee to those
classes of people who use it. The price of ground
chiccory, as we learn from a New York importer,
is only seven cents per pound, and I think the tax
proposed in the bill is perhaps out of proportion,
f have thought it right to offer the amendment,
and I now submit it to the House. I have no feel-
ing about it, but I think that justice requires it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING.' I supposed, Mr.
Chairman, when 1 heard the section read, that the
augmentation of the duty 011 chiccory root and
ground chiccory, had reference to the duty imposed
on coffee by the act of 5th August last, and that
it wjis the policy of the Committee of Ways and
Means in proposing this increase to prevent this
article, which is used to adulterate coffee, and
which, as I am informed, is highly pernicious to
the human system, from being imported as a sub-
stitute for coffee.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, we took
some pains to inquire about the health of this
question, and I became convinced, as I believe
most members of the committee did, that it was
not a pernicious adulteration, but a very whole-
some one, much more so than many other articles.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I suppose this is
hardly the place to discuss the subject in its sani-
tary aspect; but I will say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that my information is entirely at
variance with his, and that this article, which is
fraudulently used in place of coffee, is, as I before
said, highly injurious to the human system. By
the act of 5th August last the duty on coffee was
made four cents a pound; on chiccory root a duty
of one cent per pound, and on ground chiccory a
duty of two cents per pound was imposed. With
this large duty on coffee, and with the increased
price of it arising from a diminished supply, the
importation of chiccory root has been largely in-
creased. I therefore propose to amend the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
by making the duty on chiccory root four cents
per pound, and on ground chiccory five cents.
Mr. ODELL. I ask the attention of gentlemen
to a letter which I send up to the Clerk's desk to
be read, on this subject.
The letter was read, as follows:
New Yokk, June 2:1,18G2.
My deaiitim: Allow me to call your attention, now that
the tariff is a«am before you tor revision, to the aiticieol'
chiccory, which, sine collet: li;is been made to pay a heavy
duty, is largely imported from Germany, and mixed with
codec, to the extern of from twenty-five to seventy-five per
cent., and in some ea&es oven more.
Tins aitiele costs inEuropea mere bagatelle, and though
by the papers of this morn ing it appears that by the hill now
under discussion the duty is raised fiom one and two cents,
pel pound, to three and l'onr cents for unprepared and pre-
pared, respectively, an article so injurious to the levenue
of one of the great articles of consumption, and so delete-
rious to health, oufrlit to be swept out of existence altogether
as an article of commerce.
Hon. M. I1. Odell', Washington.
Mr. STEVENS. -Is the writer of that lettera
dealer in coffee ?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will not
prevail. I would prefer to have the original bill
remain as it was. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mokrill, of
Vermont, and F. A. Conkling, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
Sotheamendmentto the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move toamend,
in the fourteenth line of the 20th page, by adding,
after the word "sacks," the words " barrel,or
other packages."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. We have got along pretty
comfortably to-day, and think we can afford to
adjourn. I move that the committee rise.
The motio.n was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the special order, be-
ing House bill No. 531, increasing temporarily
the duties 011 imports, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And tlniii, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(at four o'clock, p. in.,) the House adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 26, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying the construction of a ship
canal between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the construction of a
ship canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
W. C. Jewett, remonstrating against the passage
of the Pacific railroad bill and the tax hill, and
against the passage of a bankrupt law without a
full representation of the States i n Congress; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
• ' . OATH OF OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
present two bills which have been acted 011 by the
House of Representatives, and require further ac-
tion on the part of the Senate. The bill (H. R.
No. 371) to prescribe an oath of office, and for
other purposes, was amended by the Senate, and
returned to the House of Representatives. The
House of Representatives disagree to the amend-
ments of the Senate, ask for a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and have
appointed a committee of conference on their part.
The appropriate question is now, "Will the Senate
insist upon its amendments, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives ?"
The question being put, it was so ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being made, it will be so ordered.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled "An act supplementary to the act
entitled '_An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States,'" was amended by the House
of Representatives and has been returned to the
Senate for the action of the Senate upon the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those amendments were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
were reported back yesterday with a recommend-
ation that the Senate do not concur in them.
Then the matter was laid over. I have no objec-
tion to its being taken up now, but the Senator
from Indiana desired that it should not come up
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The direct
question that comes before the Senate is on con-
curring in the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The Senate can concur, or non-con-
cur, or concur with amendments.
Mr..TRUMBULL. The recommendation of
