1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the basis of your appropriation of $30,000,000?
There is simply this: one of the Departments
of this Government, or one of the bureaus of a
Department, has sent in a statement: 4t we want
thuty millions of money in addition to what we
asked for heretofore, to pay an increased num-
ber of volunteers." Well, how many have you?
"We do not know how many there are, but we
want thirty millions of money more." How do you
know you want $30,000,000, if you do not know
whether you have five hundred or six hundred
or seven hundred thousand men in the field ? How
do you know whether you want £30,000,000 or
not? How many men were estimated for before ?
It seems to me, sir, that the Senate ought to
have the information, that the committee ought to
have the information, and before we are called
upon to vote thirty millions of money to pay an
additional number ofvolunteers, weoughttoknow
what that additional number of volunteers is.
Otherwise there is the greatest uncertainty in all
our appropriations, and it comes simply to this:
we just vote the amount that is asked, without
inquiry, without knowing whether it is necessary
or not, and we vote it simply because it is asked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sure I do not know
what the Senator from Illinois is driving at, but
it does seem to me that he takes peculiar pleasure
in seizing every opportunity to find fault with the
Government, and particularly with his friends on
this floor. What may be his motives I do not
know, but such seems to me to be the fact.
The course that the committee have taken on
this subject is precisely that which has always
been taken. He knows it very well, or he ought
to know it. If he keeps such a strict watch over
the public Treasuiy, why, when this bill and
other bills were on his table so long, has he not
informed himself and been able to check these ex-
travagant expenditures by giving the Senate in-
formation, and not sit in his seat and wait simply
to find fault because other peopiedo not give him
all the information lie wants. One would think
a little activity in finding out facts affirmatively
would be of use to the country, instead of nega-
tively complaining of everybody else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not upon the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has not the Senator du-
ties to perform heyondhisown particular position ?
If these remarkable and extravagant appropria-
tions are being made, is it his duty—is that his
view of it—to sit quiet, to wait, and merely com-
plain, and take no means to ascertain the facts
aright?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood me. I did not say it was extravagant. I
do not know whether it is extravagant or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is he complaining
of, then?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to know what it
is for. I want to know what it is based on. It
may be that it is a very economical appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has been
here long enough to know, and he ought to know,
that it is absolutely impossible for the committee
which reports these bills to know to a fraction all
about the appropriations which are made for the
uses of the Departments. How can I know, how
can the Committee on Finance know, the facts in
regaid to the exact number of men, and make a
calculation to a man or to a company. It is out
of the question. One thing we do know, that un-
der the management of these matters in the De-
partments no more money can betaken out, unless
it is stolen, (and how it can be stolen we do not
know,) than is necessary to effect the purpose.
All our appropriations are specific; and this ap-
propriation is for the pay of soldieis, and for the
pay of soldic-is under existing laws and regula-
tions. We know very well that if it happens to
be too much, the money is not lost because it is
not spent. If it happens to be too little, our sol-
diers are not paid and there is danger of trouble
in the Army; but if it is too much, not a dollar can
be used that is not paid exactly according to law
and for services rendered under existing laws.
All the pay rolls go in the first plttce to the proper
bureau m the War Department to ascertain wheth-
er they arc precisely correct or not, whether the
men's names are borne on the list, and whether
they have rendered the service according to exist-
ing Jaws, and then these rolls, as approved, go
through the Treasury Department. They are ex-
amined with the utmost accuracy and care, and
the difficulty generally is in the trouble aboutget-
ting them through so many forms and so many
careful examinations; but not one dollar can be
taken, no matter how much we appropriate, un-
less it is necessary according to law. If we ap-
propriate $100,000,000, not a dollar could be taken
more than was necessary to be expended under
the existing laws and applied to the payment of
the soldiers who are fighting in your Army, and
who are contending for the cause we all profess
to have so much at heart.
Because in such a case as that we do not stop
to send to the Department to inquire how many
companies are here, how many companies are
there, how this regiment is and how that regiment
is—a thing that, m the ever-changing phases of a
great war like this they cannot know themselves;
because we do not trouble ourselves about these
matters, which we cannot ascertain, and which
they cannot ascertain to the certainty the Senator
speaks of, all this noise is made about the loose
manner in which these bills are brought in. The
manner is that which has been followed from the
foundation of the Government, and correctly fol-
lowed. The Departments estimate as near as they
can the amount needed for specific purposes,and
we appropriate that amount, and if it is not needed
it remains in the Treasury. There is no danger
about it, no trouble about it. There is really no
foundation for the charge of carelessness with re-
gard to the manner in which these appropriations
are made.
Sir, I undertake to say that the Committee on
Finance does its duty in reference to these things.
It tries to do its duty, I know. It may fail. I
wish the Senator from Illinois, in whom I have
grea^ confidence, was in my place, and 1 have no
doubt it would be better done, with greater care,
greater deliberation, and far more wisdom and
judgment than I can pretend to bring to it. But
1 content myself, 1 am obliged to contcnt myself',
with taking the estimates of the Departments with
reference to these matters. They know what they
believe to be necessary, and I know that under
the existing laws the money we appropriate can-
not be misspent. Our simple appropriation of it
does not take the money out of the Treasury. Wc
say " there is such a sum of money; take what
under existing laws is neccssary for the purpose."
That is all; and wc are obliged to content our-
selves with that, and it is a perfectly safe proceed-
ing. That is not the way in which money is
wasted. It is wasted in these schemes and new
arrangements—I will not refer to anything in par-
ticular, hut 1 may mention the class of subsidies
to steamboat companies, and thelikc of that. That
is the way your money goes out of the Treasury.
As I said before,! brought this bill up thismom-
ing because I supposed it was a matter about
which there could be no dispute, no difficulty, no
trouble with the Treasury, no trouble anywhere,
because the money is wanted, and the sooner wc
pass the bill the better. If Senators wish to look
at it, if rny friend from Illinois desires to consider
it longer, I say, with all my heart, lay it on the
table, and let it lie there until he is satisfied about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I hone I
am too good-natured a person to suffer myself to
be driven from the consideration of a public meas-
ure bv ill-natured and petulant remarks in regard
to me personally. It seems as if nothing could
be said respecting a bill which the Senator fiom
Maine is connected with, but he supposes it en-
titles him to make some iefl<jction upon the char-
acter of the Senator personally, and he throws out
these ill-natured remarks. Now, sir, I am not to
be diverted from the consideration of a public
measure by any remarks of that kind; and I do
not think that the petulancy manifested is calcu-
lated m any great degree to promote the public
interests, and I shall not undertake to reply to
that line of remark at all.
I was not finding fault with the Senator from
Maine. I spoke in reference to a measure that
was brought before the Senate for the first time in
the morning hour, the rules asked to be suspended,
and it about to be passed through the Senate, ap-
propriating more than thirty millions of dollars
without any consideration whatever. In calling
attention to that,as I supposed was legitimate and
proper, it seems that I incurred the displeasure of
my friend from Maine; and now, sir, since some
discussion has arisen in regard to it, I have deemed
it proper to say that I thought this a careless mode
of legislation. Though it was true that the bill
had passed the House of Representatives, yet,
when it was-not under the control of the Senate,
we had no opportunity to consider it; it has not
been before us until within the present hour; and
when it comes here, it is proper,.as I said, outof
a decent respect to the Treasury of the United
States, and, above all, to the people of the United
States who have to supply thatTreasury, that we
should know something abdut this appropriation
of more than thirty millions of dollars.- And now,
sir, what have we got, and what is the basis upon
which the chairman of the Committee on Finance
falls back? He falls back upon this basis, and
none other: if the money is not wanted, it will not
be used. What do your appropriations amount
to, what does Congress sit for, what does its con-
trol over the Treasury amount to, if all you have
to do is to appropriate all that is asked, on the
ground that the officers if they do not need it will
not use it? It is very easy, then, to pass ap-
propriation bills. The care which the people of
this country suppose the Congress of the united
States takes over their money amounts to very
little if all we have to do is formally to pass a law
appropriating specifically, as the Senator tells us,
just what is asked. Would it not be as well to
amend our Constitution, and let the officers draw
from the Treasury just what it is necessary to pay
out, without coming to Congress? What does
our supervision amount to? This, then, is the
whole basis of this appropriation, as stated by the
Senator from Maine: the money will not be used
if it is not needed; they are very particular in the
Department in the passingof accounts; and if the
money is not needed, it will not be used, and no
harm can grow out of the appropriation. Sir, I
did think that Congress took some supervision
over these appropriations. I know, and I think
the Senator from Maine knows, that these appro-
priations are often transferred from one thing to
another.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They cannot be trans-
ferred by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some appropriations can
be transferred, as I understand,by the law, in the
War Department. This one cannot, the Senator
says. Perhaps not. 1 cannot say as to this par-
ticular one. I have not investigated it. Doubtless
the Senator is right; but it has been the practice
in this Government to transfer appropriations; it
has been the law, and my understanding is that
it is the law to-day, that you may tiansfer some
classes of appropriations. This may not be one
of them.
I have said a great deal more than I intended to
have said about this, but 1 have been drawn into
the remarks which I have made rather from the
exhibition of feeling manifested by the Senator
from Maine than anything else. 1 have no dis-
position to delay this matter. I think it is a very
loose mode of legislation to make appropriations
in the lump in this way, without knowing whether
the service requires that amount or not, and leav-
ing it simply to the ofliceis to determine how much
of the appropriation they will use. It may be
said that you need only get it large enough, and
then if the money is not needed, the officers, if
they are honest men, will not use it. I prefer that
we should know what is needed, and make the
appropriation for the proper amount. Perhaps
you cannot get it ^xactly^but when we are deal-
ing in such large sums as $30,000,000, we certainly
could approximate to the amount.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks what cannot certainly be
answered by any Senator here, or by any member
of the House of Representatives, or by any one
connected with the Government, and that is the
precise number of men we have in the field to-day.
The Government has raised regiments enough, if
full, I think, to make aboutsix hundred and twen-
ty-five thousand or six hundred and thirty thou-
sand men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not tell how many
we do pay, exactly ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The icgi-
ments have been reduced. Some of them were
never full according to law. Some of them have
been largely reduced by siokneus and by the cas-
ualties of the field; therefore, sir, I think it may
be safe to say that the whole number of men has
been reduced about one hundred thousand. I
