1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
suppose the Department estimated for five hun-
dred thousand men, or something near that. The
Senator from Iowa suggests that we pay all who
are sick. Thatisso; but there are thousands and
tens of thousands of men who have been sick who
from one cause or another have been mustered out
of the service. Regiments that came into the ser-
vice one thousand strong have been reduced so
that most of them will Aot average over eight hun-
dred men. I doubt whether the infantry regi-
ments of the country to-day •will average over
eight hundred men. I think there are about six
hundred and fifty regiments; I think the number
varies very little from that. The Department can-
not tell within several thousand by the best in-
vestigation; and it is well known that the War
Department from the commencement of this war
have been overwhelmed with business, that they
have not been able to make up a full, accurate,
and exact statement of everything connected with
the Government that you can lay your hands on
easily, and ascertain what you desire to know to
your satisfaction. I have spent hours and days
endeavoring to learn what 1 could in regard to the
number of ourmen. It was estimated that we had
about six hundred and fifty or six hundred and
sixty thousand. It was so reported to Congress
upon the basis of the number of regiments in the
field and the number of men allowed by law to
make these regiments full. I said here some time
ago that, in view of that statement, I thought we
had one hundred or one hundred and fifty thou-
sand too many men. I thought half a million of
men or five hundred and twenty thousand men
abundant, and as many as we could use to ad-
vantage, and 1 think we have an abundance of
troops in the field now for the purpose, and that
they are very well used, too.
I do not believe that ii is in our power to give
an exact answer; I do not think it can be ascer-
tained by the War Department or by the Govern-
ment. The only way that it can be ascertained
would be to go over the rolls completely at the
paymaster's office; butthey.aseverybody 1 fnows,
are very incomplete, and 1 think that some legis-
lation is necessary in order to reorganize or do
something to aid the pay department. The pay-
masters have not had theiraccounts settled, many
of thein, fur the last live or six months. Some of
them have accounts of hundreds of thousands of
dollars unsettled. I think that department should
have aid enough, and that the Government should
have clerical aid enough; that the policy should
be to proceed to settle these accounts at least every
sixty days. I fear that unless something be done
to correct what I regard as a great evil, many of
the paymasters will be ruined, and the Govern-
ment will lose hundreds of thousands of dollars.
If theiraccounts were settled promptly, when they
paid a regiment again they could correct errors;
but when it goes five or six months, it is impos-
sible for them to correct many of the errors that
they must inevitably make. I mention this be-
cause I believe, and it has given me a great deal
of anxiety, that there is danger that the Govern-
ment will lose money, and that many of the pay-
masters, who receive a very small compensation
for the great amount of labor they perform, and
the responsibilities they take, will be ruined.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not desire to prolong this
discussion, and I am not going to say anything
ill regard to the matter of appi opriution. I believe
that tills discussion can lie made a great deal more
profitable to the country and to the Senate than I
thought it could have been made a few minutes
ago. The Senator from Massachusetts says there
is some necessity, in his opinion, for legislation
in regard to the paymaster's department, in order,
first, to control the paymentof'money through that
department; and second, to ascertain the number
of our troops. It may be necessary, and I pre-
sume it is, that there should be some legislation
of this character, but not for the purpose of ascer-
taining the number of troops. The difficulty in
tegaul to that lies partly with this hotly, and a
good deal more with the Exccutivc of the coun-
u y. it is the business of every brigadier genera]
to require his assistant adjutant general to report
to him every day the precise number of men there
are under his command, the number that are fit
lor duty, the positions they occupy, the number
in ouch regiment, the number there are on the sick
list, the number there are on the leave-of-absence
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The history of every
man.
Mr. GRIMES. He has therefore an exact
statement of every man; and a good general does
it; but we have generals in the field who do not
understand at all what their duties are in this re-
gard, and do not perform them, and a part of the
blame for that I think rests with lis. As an evi-
dence, a major general died the other day in the
West, one of the noblest, most gallant soldiers
that ever drew his sword in behalf of his coun-
try; his assistant adjutant general came here and
wanted some position. He was told that he could
be secured that of assistant adjutant general for
some general who wanted a man of experience in
that place. He said he would not take it: why?
Because, he said, while performing the duties of
that office under that skillful officer, he was re-
quired to work twenty hours out of twenty-four.
That officer would come in and say to him, how
many men are there in that regiment; how many
are disabled; how many men are fit for duty; what
officers are absent? If the answer was, " I am
notable to say,sir,"he would tell him, "it is your
duty to know, sir; it is your duty to tell me at
any moment;" and he required him to do it. He
required him to have his clerks in such a state of
efficiency, and his returns in such a condition,
that he could know exactly the position of every
man in his brigade or his division. Now, sir, the
Government has adopted the plan of allowing a
general to select his assistant adjutant general,
and he selects a friend or relative, a man whom
he does not wish to overwork. We have allowed
them to select them because we have said it was
a confidential position. There may be a propriety
m allowing a general to select his aide-de-camp;
that is a confidential position; he belongs imme-
diately to the general's family; but in the regular
Army we do not allow a brigadier general or a
major general to select his assistant adjutant gen-
eral. We have selected a corps which we con-
sider almost the elite of the service for the dis-
charge of the particular duties of that department,
and it ought to be so in our volunteer service. If
your Commander-in-Chief will insist that your
adjutant generals and your brigadier generals and
your division generals shall make proper returns,
that they shall strictly perform their duty accord-
ing to the Army regulations, we shall know the
number of men we have, and we never shall know
until we do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill lieon
the tabic for the present. The statements made
by the Senator from Massachusetts have induced
me to make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
DIRECT TAXES DUE BY STATES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
other bill taken up and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an-
other bill before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, by unanimous consent, for consider-
ation. It is the bill (H. II. No. 444) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved August
5, IS61, which will be read at length.
The Secretary read the bill. It declares that
the provision in the fifty-third section of the act
approved August 5, 1861, allowing such portion
of the tax as may be assessed by any State, Ter-
ritory, 01- the District of Columbia "to be paid
and satisfied, in whole or m part, by the release
of such State, Territory, or Distiict, duly exe-
cuted, to the United States, of any liquidated and
determined claim of such State, Territory, or Dis-
trict of equal amount against the United States,
provided that in case of such release, such State,
Tenitoiy, or District shall be allowed the same
abatement of the amount of such tax as would be
allowed in case of the payment of the same in
money," shall be construed as applying to such
claims of Slates for reimbursement of expenses
incurred by them in enrolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and
transporting then- troops employed in aiding to
suppress the present insurrection against the Uni-
ted States, as shall be filed with the proper offi-
cers of the United States before the 30th of July
next; and that in such cases the abatement of fif-
teen per cent, shall be made on such portion of
the tax as may be paid by the allowance of such
claims, in whole or in part, the, same as if the
final settlement and liquidation had been made
before the 30th of June.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The simple explanation
of that is this: the act referred to, the revenue
bill of August last, allowed the States, on paying
in their quota, to receive an abatement of fifteen
per cent., and it further fixed a time within which
it should be done, and extended that piovisionso
far as to give the Statcsleave to offset the expenses
they had been at on the same account; but the
difficulty is, that they have not been able to get
their accounts so made out that they could pre-
sent them within the time specified, in a definite
form, and this bill is simply to make an allowance
to such States as shall file their claims within a
certain day, leaving them afterwards to adjust
their accounts. I see no objection to it. It is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 225) for the relief
of the owners, officers, and crew of the Spanish
bark Provideneia; and it was signed bythe Pres-
ident pro tempore.
OPERATIONS OF ODIl ARMIES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There has
been sent here from the War Office a dispatch
from GeneralMcClcllan,and also a dispatch from
General Hartsuff, which it may be of interest to
the Senate to hear.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The dispatches
will be read, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The Secretary read, as follows:
[Received 7.50 a. m.j
Headquarters Army of the Potomac,
Williamsburg, May 6.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War :
I have the pleasure to announce the occupation of this
place as the lesult of the hard-fought action of yesterday.
The effect of Hancock's brilliant engagement yesteulay af-
ternoon was to turn the le(t of their line of works. He was
btiongly roinfoicod, and the enemy abandoned the entae
position duiingthe night, leaving all his sick and wounded
in our hands. Mis loss yesteiday was very severe; we
have some three hundred umnjuicd prisoneis, and more
than a thousand wounded. Their loss in killed is heavy.
The victory is complete. I have sent cavalry in puisuit,
bnt the roads are in such condition that I cannot move ar-
tilleiy nor supplies. The conduct of our men has been ex-
cellent with scarcely an exception. The enemy's works
are very extensive and exceedingly strong, both in respect
to their position and the works themselves. Our loss was
heavy in Hooker's division, but veiy little in other pints of
the field. Hancock's success was gained with a lo«.s of
not over twenty killed and wounded. Weather good to-
day, but gieat difficulty in getting up food, on account of
the loads. Very few wagons have yet come up. Am Iau-
thonzed to follow the example of othcrgeneralsand direct
names of battles to be placed on colors of regiments? We
have other battles to fight before reaching Richmond.
a. B. MeCLELLAN,
Major General Commanding.
Headquarters of the Army of the Potomac,
, ' „ Williamsburo, Mau 6.
Hon. E.M. Stanton:
Eveiy hour pioves our victory more complete. Enemy's
great, especially in officeih. Have just heard of five
moic oi their guns captuicd. Prisoners constantly ai living.
G. B. MeCLELLAN,
Major Genet at Commanding.
ti -r. ™ ~ Catletts, Mavis 1802.
Hon. L. M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
Cavalry rcconnoissance returned from CulpepperCourt-
Ilouse; diove cavalry picket* three mlies and Into the town.
I wo companies ot cavalry escaped very hurriedly, being
notified in time. Captuicd seven prisoners and hors-e1- try-
ing to escape Irom the town. No troops between liver and
CuJpeppei Ooutt-House ; only cnvaliy outposts there. Two
laments at llapulan station and detachments scattered to
GoidonsviMe. Number not known; supposed to be large.
Genciab Ewell, Elsie, and others in command. Town gen-
erally occupied, and handkerchiefs waved at our troops.
Railroad broken short distance from river—unbroken be-
yond. Rivei barely fordable—a ford below laiJioad bridge.
Occupied town about forty minutes, and letuincd. Send
prisoners to Washington to-day. Please send any inform-
ation about evacuation of Yorktown, present position of
enemy'* troops which ieft, and any other news. Get none
here.
Respectfully, " GEORGE L. HARTSUFF,
Brigadier General.
TROOPS FOR KENTUCKY.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs when
