29*42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
June 26,
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
365)" providing for the admission of the State
of WVst Virginia into, the Union, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. By an act of the State of Virginia, passed
May 13,18*62, entitled "An act giving the consent
of the Legislature of Virginia to the formation and
erection of a new State within the jurisdiction of
this State," the people of that part of the State
of Virginia including the counties of Hancock,
Brooke, Ohio, Marshall,Wetzel, Marion, Monon-
falia, Preston,Taylor, Tyler, Pleasants, Ritchie,
>oddridge,Harrison, Wood, Jackson, Wirt, Ro-
ane, Calhoun, Gilmer, Barbour, Tucker, Lewis,
Braxton, Upshur, Randolph, Mason, Putnam,
Kanawha, Clay, Nicholas, Cabell, Wayne,
Boone, Logan, Wyoming, Mercer, McDowell,
Webster, Pocahontas, Fayette, Raleigh, Green-
brier, Monroe, Pendleton, Hardy, Hampshire,
and Morgan^ did, with the consent of the Legis-
| lature of the State of Virginia, form themselves
1 into an independent State, and did establish a oon-
S) stitution for tho government of the same. \/l'he
bill therefore proposes to admit the State of West
Virginia into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States in all respects whatever, upon
tho following conditions: thai there Khali be in-
cluded within the State of West Virginia, in ad-
dition to the counties already enumerated in the
preamble, the following counties, as laid off and
defined by the Legislature of the State of Vir-
ginia: Berkeley, Jefferson, Clark, Frederick,
Warren, Page, Shenandoah, Rockingham, Au-
gusta, Highland, Bath, Rockbridge, Botetourt,
Craig, and Alleghany; that the convention there-
inafter provided for shall, in the constitution to
be framed by it, make provision that from and
after tho 4th day of July, 1803, the children of all
slaves born within the limits of the State shall be
free.
The second section authorizes and empowers
the people of the counties thereinbefore enumer-
ated, qualified under the constitution of Virginia as
electors, to vote for and choose representatives to
form a convention for framing and adopting a con-
stitution for a State by the name of West Virginia,
or any other name the convention may adopt, in
accordance with the provisions of this act; and
all persona qualified for representative* to the Le-
gislature of virginuinnder tho constitution thereof
are to be qualified to be elected to the convention.
The election for the representatives is to be held
at such time at the usual places of voting in the
several counties as the Governor of Virginia
may direct and prescribe, and as soon as may be
after the people thereof shall be relieved fioin the
presence of armed insurgent*; and the represent-
atives to tho convention are to be apportioned
among tho .several counties as follows: Hancock,
I; Brooke, 1; Ohio, 3; Marshall, o. Wetzel, 1;
Marion, Monongalia, 2; Preston, 2; Taylor,
1; Tyler, 1; Pleasants, ]; Ritchie, J; Doddridge,
1; Harrison, Wood, 2; Jackson, 1; Wirt, 1;
Roane, 1; Calhoun, 1; Gilmer, 1; Barbour, 1;
Tucker, 1; Lewis, 1; Braxton, 1; Upshur, 1, Ran-
dolph, i; Mason, 1; Putnam, I; Kanawha, 2;
Clay, i; Nicholas, 1; Cabell, 1; Wayne, 1; Boone,
l;£og«m, 1; Wyoming, 1; Mereei, 1; McDow-
ell, 1; Webster, 1; Pocahontas, 1; Fayette, 1;
Raleigh, 1; Greenbrier, 2; Monroe, ii; Pendleton,
1; Hardy, 1; Hampshire,2; Morgan, 1; Berkeley,
2; Jefferson, 2; Clark, J; Frederick, 2; Warren,
1; Page, 1; Shenandoah, 2; Rockingham, 3; Au-
gnsia, 3; Highland, 1: Bath, 1; Rockbridge, 2;
Botetourt, 1; Craig, 1; Alleghany, 1.
The third section enacts that tho members of
the convention elected under the pi ovisions of this
act shall meet at such place as the Governor of tho
State of Virginia shall designate, at as early a day
afti rtheirelectionas may be practicable,and shall
have power and authority to form a constitution
and .Siate government upon the conditions pre-
scribed in this act, and not repugnant to the Con-
stitution of the United States, which constitution
so adopted by the convention shall be submitted
to the people of the Stale of West Virginia for
their adoption and ratification.
The foui tii section enacts that upon the ratifica-
tion of the constitution framed by the convention,
and the public declaration by the Legislature of
the State of Virginiaassenting to the formation of
the State of West Virginia under the provisions
and conditions imposed by this act, it shall be the
duty of the Governor thereof to transmit official
evidence of the same to the President of the United
States on or before the day of next, upon
receipt whereof the President, by proclamation,
shall announce the fact; whereupon,and without
any furtherproceedingon the part of Congress,the
admission of the State into the Union shall be con-
sidered as complete.
The fifth sectiondeclares that the State of West
Virginia shall be entitled, until the next general
census, to as many Representatives in the House
of Representatives as the population thereof will
authorize under the present apportionment.
Mr. SUMNER. The following is among the
conditions on which West Virginia is to be ad-
mitted into the Union as a new State, viz: " the
convention shall make provision that from and
after the 4th day of July, 1863, the children of all
slaves born within the limits of said State shall be
free." Here is a condition; you undertake to im-
pose a condition. This is clear. But, sir, be good
enough to observe that this condition proposes to
recognize the existence of slavery during the pres-
ent generation. Short as life may belt is too long
for slavery. If this condition be adopted, and the
bill becomes a law, a new slave State will take its
place in our Union; it may be but a few slaves
only, and for the present generation only, but
nevertheless a new slave Slate. That is enough.
Sir, we all know that it takes but very little sla-
very to make a slave State with all the virus of
slavery. Now, by my vote no new State shall
come into this Union, and send Senators into this
body with this virus. Enough have our public
affairs been disturbed, and enough has the Con-
stitution been poisoned. The time has come for
tho medicine. It will be found in the policy of
Mr. Jrifeison, originally applied to the great Ter-
ritory of the Northwest. Its application to a poiv
tion of Ins own Virginia seeking to become a new
State will be politic, just, and conservative.
1 shall now move the honored Jeffersonian or-
dinance. On page 2, lines sixteen and seventeen
of the bill, I move to strike out the words, " the
children of all slaves born within the limits of said
State shall be free," and insert in lieu thereof,
" within the limits of the said State there shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, other-
wise than in punishment of crime whereof the
party shall be duly convicted;" so that the whole
clause will read as follows:
That tho convention hereinafter provided for, in the con-
stitution mimed by it. make provision Unit fiom and alter
the 4th day of July, 1803, within the limits of the said folate
Iheie shall be neither slavciv nor involuntary servitude,
otherwise than in the punishment of cranes whereof the
paity shall be duly convicted.
And on this question I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. If it is in order, I offer an
amendment to that amendment, striking out all
after line two in the first section, and ail of the
bill except the fifth section, and inserting the fol-
lowing 
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. The Chair
will suggest that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Virginia is an amendment to the biJl
and not directly to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts. Whether the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
shall be adopted or rejected, it will then be in or-
der to consider and acc upon the amendment pro-
posed by the Senatorfrom Virginia, ifthe amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts shall be
adopted, it will be in order to strike out the whole
section embiacing that amendment.
Mr. HALE. Having been upon thecommittee
that reported this bill, and meaning to sustain the
action of the committee, I shall vote against the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
irom Massachusetts; and it may be proper even
for so humble an individual as myself to make a
brief explanation of the motives that operate on
me in the vote I shall give 
IMPEACHMENT OP JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshiie will suspend. The hour
of twelve o'clock having arrived, by^order of the
Senate, of the 9th instant, the Senate of the United
States is resolved into a Court of Impeachment
for the trial of West H. Humphreys, United States
district judge for the several districts of Tennes-
see, upon the articles of impeachment preferred
against him by the House of Representatives.
The Secretary of the Senate will administer to
the Presiding Officer the prescribed oath.
The Secretary, John W. Forney, Esq.,there-
upon administered to tho President pro tempore,
Hon. Solomon Foot, the oath prescribed by the
11th rule, who was sworn by the uplifted hand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there are
any Senators present who have not hitherto been
sworn as members of the Court of Impeachment,
they will advance to the desk of the Presiding
Officer and take the prescribed oath.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I offer the fol-
lowing order:
In the Senate of the United States,
June 26, 1862.
Ordered, That the Secretary give notice to the House of
Representatives that the Senate are now in their Chamber,
and are ready to proceed in the trial of the impeachmen t of
West H. Humphreys', judge of the district eourtof the Uni-
ted States for the several districts of Tennessee, and that
seats are provided for the accommodation of the members
of the House ot Representatives.
The order was adopted.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following motion:
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives, limn day to day, that the Senate is sitting as a
High Court of Impeachment for the trial of West H. Hum-
phreys, judge of the district court of the United States for
the several districts of Tennessee.
The order was adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators will
take the seats prepared for them on the benches
on either side of the Chair.
The Senators thereupon retired from theirctesks,
and took the seats prepared for them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* TheSergeant-
at-Arms will make proclamation of the opening
of the Court.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Oyez! Oyez! Oyez!
Silence is commanded on pain of imprisonment
while the Senate of the United States is sitting as
a High Court of Impeachment for the trial of West
H. Humphreys, judge of the district court of the
United States for the several districts of Tennes-
see.
The Secretary having notified the House of
Representatives that the Senate was ready to
receive them,
The Sergcant-at-Arms appeared before the bar
and announced,
"The honorable the House of Representatives
of the United States."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The managers
and members of the House of Representatives will
be admitted to the floor of the Senate Chamber.
The Sergeatu-at-Arms will direct them to the
seats prepared for them.
Tho members of the House of Representatives
took the seats assigned them; the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole House [Mr. Wash-
burnk] occupying a seat in the aisle in front of
the President pro tempore, and Mr. Etheridge,
tho Clerk, one near him.
Messrs. Bingham, Pendleton, Dunlap, and
Train, managers oiuthe part of the House, were
conducted to the seats assigned to them in the area,
in front of the Secretary's desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate having been directed by
precept to proceed to the place of residence, in
Tennessee, of West H. Humphreys, with a sum-
mons for him, made on the 9th instant a return,
which will now be again read by the Secretary of
the Senate.
The Secretary read the return, as follows:
United States of America, City of Washington, ss :
I, Geoige T. Brown, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of
the United States, in obedience to the within and foregoing
writ of summons and precept to me dnected, did pioceed
to the usual place of residence of the within-named West
H. Humphreys, in the vicinity of Nashville, in the State of
Tennessee,on tiie 29th day ot May, A. I). 1862, and then
and theie made diligent inquiry for the said West II. Hum-
phreys, but he could not he found. I further certify, that
on the same day and yeai, and at the usual place of resi-
dence of the said We&t H. Hmnplueys, in the vicinity of
Nashville, in the State of Tennessee, f did then and there
leave tiue and attested copies of the within and foregoing
writ of summons and precept.
GEORGE T. BROWN,
June 9, 1862. Sergeant-at-^drim of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The accused
having failed to appear in pursuance of this sum-
mons, an order was passed by the Senate direct-
ing a proclamation to be published, which will
now be read by the Secretary.
