1862,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBft
The Secretary read, as follows:
The Senate of the United States of America, as. the Court
of Impeachment, sitting on the case of West H. Hum-
phreys, judge of rh^ disti ict court of the United States for
theseveial districts of the State of Tennessee.
Monday, June 9, 1862.
Ordered, Thatthis Iligh Court of Impeachment stands ad-
journed till the 28th day of June,infant, attwelve o'clock,
meridian ; and, as the said West H. Humphreys has failed
to make his appearance to answer the said articles of im-
peachment, though duly summoned, it is further ordered,
that proclamation for his appcarnnec on that day be made
by publishing this order in the National Intelligencer, Na-
tional Repi&lican, and Evening Star newspapers, printed
in the city of Washington, tor at least ten days, success-
ively, before said 26th day of June, instant, and also in the
Nashville Union newspaper, printed in tlie city ©f Nash-
ville, in the State of Tennessee, at least five several days
before &aid 26th day of June, instant.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will now make proclamation for the ap-
pearance of the accused.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Oyez! Oyez! Oyez!
West H. Humphreys, judge of the district court
of the United States for the several districts ofTen-
nessee, come forward and answer the articles of
impeachment exhibited against you by the House
of Representatives of the ©nited States.
No response being made,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The accused
W est H. Humphreys being in default, not ap-
pearing, in pursuance of the summons or procla-
mation, the managers on the part of the United
States House of Representatives are now at liberty
to proceed in support of the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited against him.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, on behalf
of the managers forthe House of Representatives,
I ask that the returns of the Sergeant-at-Arms to
the subpenas issued for witnesses in support of
this impeachment may be reported, and the names
of the witnesses called over and those present
recorded.
Mr.POWELL. Mr. President, I do notknow
whether it is in order, but I would suggest that
there is no proof befoie the Court of the proclama-
tion which has been read having been published.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Presiding
Officer will answer, in response to the suggestion
of the Senator from Kentucky, that this procla-
mation was published in three papers designated
by the order of the Senate, in the city of Wash-
ington, and in a paper in the city of Nashville,
designated in the same order. That is the proof
of the publication of the proclamation.
Mr. POWELL. That, I think, is a sufficient
statement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Th« returns
of the officers to whom the subpenas were directed,
will now be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read the returns to the various
subpenas.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to renew my
motion to have the witnesses called, that the names
of those present may be recorded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
of the Senate will proceed to call the names of the
several witnesses who have been summoned to
attend upon the trial of this impeach mont, and each
witness as his name is called will respond in an
audible voice from his place, and the presence or
absence of the several witnesses will be noted on
the proceedings of the Court.
Mr. HALE. Several of the members of the
Court were unfortunate in not hearing the response
made to the question put by the Senator from
Kentucky in regard to the publication of our or-
der for the appearance of West H. Humphreys.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The produc-
tion of the papers of the city of Washington and
Nashville in which the publication was published
by oi der of the Senate, to which the Senator from
Kentucky stated that it was satisfactory. The
Secretary will proceed to call the names of the
witnesses who have been summoned.
The Secretary called the list of names, as fol-
lows: Jacob McCravock, Horace H. Harrison,
John Lelliot, Andrew Johnson, John U. Smith,
Robert Smith, John Catron, Perez Dickinson,
William H- Polk, Connolly P. Trigg, William R.
Iluiley, Horace Mayuard, William G. Brown-
low, Alvin Burton, John L. Mngs, John Miller
McKee, H. G. Scovil, Herman Bokum, Bailie
Peyton, William Hunt, William P. Jones, A. V.
S. Lindley, and Isaac Litton.
AH the witnesses answered to their names'
except Andrew Johnson, Robert Smith, John
Catron, and Perez Dickinson.
The witnesses were assigned seats on the left
of the Chair", in the rear of the seats usually oc-
cupied by 'Senators.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the Court that Gov-
ernor Johnson be excused from obeying the pro-
cess of this Court, us I am advised that duties de-
volving upon him of a public character render it
impossible for him to attend.
The PRESIDENT'yro tempore. Unless objec-
tions be made the Presiding Officer will assume it
to be the will of the Court that Governor Johnson
be excused from attendance for the reason assigned
by the manager.
Mr. TRAIN. Mr. President, the witnesses
having answered as they were called, the man-
agers on their part are now ready to proceed with
the evidence to sustain the articles of impeach-
ment which have been presented by the House of
Representatives; and in the discharge of the duty
assigned to me by the House of Repiesentatives
I shall have accomplished all I desire when I have
in the briefest manner called the attention of the
Court to an analysis of the articles of impeach-
ment, with a brief allusion to the character of the
testimony upon which we shall rely to substan-
tiate the proof of the articles.
West H. Humphreys was commissioned as a
judge of the district courts of the United States
for the State of Tennessee, on the 26th day of
March, in the year 1853; he was qualified and dis-
charged the duties of that office until the month of
April, 1861, at which time he ceased to discharge
the functions of his office, and devoted himself to
other pursuits until the period when it will appear
that he assumed the functions of a judge of the so-
called confederate States of America and per-
formed the duties of that office.
An analysis of the articles of impeachment by
the Court will show that the charges against him
divide themselves, naturally, into two classes.
The fifth article charges the respondent with mis-
conduct and malfeasance in his office; and that is
the only one of the seven that charges him with
malfeasance in office. That will be substantiated
by the House ofRepresentati vesby pro\ ing that in
April, 1861, he declined further to hold the court,
which, by his commission, he was bound to hold
according to the laws of the United States. Hav-
ing shown that fact, and havingcited to the Court
the statute under which he was bound by his oath
to act, we shall ask the Court to find him guilty
upon that charge.
The other articles, although differing somewhat
in character, come down to acts of gross miscon-
duct in a judge in common with other parties who
have been engaged in a domestic rebellion against
the Government of the United States; and here let
mcsuggest to the Court that if the managers shall
establish misbehavior on the part of this judge,
that of itself limits his judicial career, the Consti-
tution providing that lie shall hold his office dur-
ing good behavior, and his commission providing
thatine shall hold his office so long as he behaves
himself well.
The first article charges the respondent with en-
deavoring, by public speech, to incite revolt and
rebellion within the StateofTennesseeagamstthe
Constitution and Government of the United Status;
the second article charges that he openly and un-
lawfully supported, advocated, and agreed to an
act commonly called the ordinance of secession,
declaring the State of Tennessee independent of
the Government of the United States and no longer
within the jurisdiction thereof; and in calling the
attention of the Court to these two articles, I beg
to say that if they are substantiated by the man-
agers on the part of the House of Representatives,
it will take away from this respondent any palli-
ation, any alleviation, which otherwise mi^ht be
suggested of the grave character of the offenses
which hehas committed,because we shall find him
not one of those men who may have yielded to
circumstances, to outside pressure, giving a re-
luctant adhesion to the rebellion; but we shall find
him upon the evidence one of the eadiest advo-
cates of the doctrine of the right of the States to
secede, one of the most earnost advocates for the
adoption of the ordinance of secession, and one
of the leaders in the rebellion from its earliest in-
ception down to the time when he has ceased to
be within the reach of the United States Govern-
ment. * .
The third article charges the defendant with
high treason; that within the State of Tennessee
he did unlawfully, and in.conjunction with other
persons, organize arm$d rebellion' against the
United States, and levy war against, tjiem. To
substantiate that article, we do "not deem.it ne-
cessary to call two witnesses to any overt;act,
because we understand that that rule of law, as
applicable to treason, only applies to an indict-
ment for that offense. We shall, however, offer
evidence which, I think, will satisfy the Court
beyond any question that he participated-in the
conduct of the rebellion, so as to bring him pre-
cisely within the meaning of the terms of "levy-
ing war" against the Government of the United
States. We shall show that he returned pris-
oners to the confederate army; we shall show
that, acting as a judge of the so-called confederate
court, he brought men from prison before him,
and offered to lelease them upon their faking an
oath of allegiance to the confederate States, and
enlisting in the rebel army;*we shall show that
he obeyed the order of one Judah P. Benjamin,
styling himself secretary of war of the confeder-
ate States; and upon that evidence we shall ask
the Court to find the respondent guilty of the third
article of impeachment.
The fourth "article is drawn under the act of
the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
which makes it a criminal offense " to oppose by
force the authority of the Government of the
United States," it being the thirty-third chapter
of the acts of the first session, page 284.
To the fifth article 1 have already called the at-
tention of the Court. The sixth article charges
him with unlawfully acting as a judge of an ille-
gally-constituted tribunal within said State, and
with exercising assumed powers unlawful and un-
just, and under that article there are three specifi-
cations which we propose to prove. And the sev-
enth article charges him with acting " without
lawful authority, and with intent to injure one
William G. Brownlow, a citizen of the United
States," by causing him to be unlawfully arrested
and imprisoned.
Of these charges, the articles three and four are
for offenses which are indictable at common law
and by statute; the others, as I suggested in the
commencement of my remarks, are for gross mis-
behavior in his conduct as a jud^e.
I need not occupy the time of the Court by add-
ing anything further to what I have suggestedas
the pioper analysis ofthearticles of impeachment,
and I have made these suggestions for the purpose
of assisting the Court in making the proper appli-
cation of the proof as it may be offered by my
associates in the conduct of the case.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the man-
agers to offer in eviden'ce to the Court a message
of the President of the United States to the Senate
of the United States, of the date-of 24th March,
1853, nominating 'VVest H. Humphreys judge ot
the district court of the United States for the east-
ern, middle, and western districts of Tennessee.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I nominate West H. Humphreys to be judge of the dis-
trict couit of the United States for the eastern, middle,and
western distticls of Tennessee, in place of Morgan W.
Brown, deceased.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, March 24, 1853.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President,! propose to
offer in evidence next, the Journal of the Senate
of the United States of the date of 26th March,
1853, consenting to and confirming this nomina-
tion.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Ik Executive Session, Scnatb of the United
States, Thursday, March 24, 1853.
The following message was received fiom the Piesident
of the United States by Mi. Webster, his Secretary :
To the Senate of the United States;
I nominate We^t II. Humphreys to he judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the eastern, middle, and
western dn-tricts of Tennessee, in place ot Moigan W.
Biovvn, deceased.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, March 24, 1853.
Saturday, MarchQfi, 1853.
Mr. Butler, ftom the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom was referred, on the 24th instant, the nomination of
West II. Hmnphieys,ieportcd. Whereupon,
Resolved, That the Senate advise and consent to his ap-
pointment agieeabiy to the nomination.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer in evidence an au-
thenticated copy of the commission issued by the
