THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1861.
New Series..,..No. 1.
This is the first number of the Congressional Globe
for this session—the second of the Thirty-Seventl) Con-
gress. It is stereotyped, and therefore the back numbers
can be supplied at any time. Missing numbers will be sent
to subscribers at three cents a number, containing sixteen
pa?cs.
The price of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
for this session is $6.
Tliese works go free by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act of Congress.
THIJRT Y-SE VENTH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December % 1861.
The Senate commenced the second session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress this day, pursuant
to the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (Hon. Hannibal
Hamlin,) at twelve o'clock, meridian, called the
Senate to order.
SENATORS PRESENT.
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
_ Maine—Hon. Lot M. Morrill and Hon. "Wil-
liam P. Fessenden.
New Hampshirs—Hon. Daniel Clark and Hon.
John P. Hale.
Vermont—Hon- Solomon Foot and Hon. Jacob
Collamer.
Massachusetts—Hon. Henry Wilson and Hon.
Charles Sumner.
Rhode Island—Hon. James F. Simmons and
Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. James Dixon and Hon.
Lafayette S. Foster.
New York—Hon- Preston King and Hon. Ira
Harris.
New Jersey—Hon, John R. Thomson and Hon.
John C. Teft Eyck.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Edgar Cowan.
Delaware—How. James A. Bayard and Hon.
Willard Saulsbury.
Virginia—Hon. John S. Carlile.
Kentucky—Hon. Lazarus W. Powell.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F. Wade.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler.
Indiana—Hon. Jesse D. Brightand Hon. Henry
S. Lane.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull and Hon. 0.
H. Browning.
Wisconsin—Hon. James R. Doolittleand Hon.
Timothy 0. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hon.
James Harlan.
Minnesota—Hon. Henry M. Rice and Hon.
Morton S. Wilkinson.
California—Hoa. Milton S. Latham and Hon.
James A. McDougall.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy and Hon.
James H. Lane.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesmith
Rev. Mason Noble, D. D., Chaplain in the
United States Navy, officiated for the Chaplain
to the Senate, Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.,
whose absence is occasioned by sickness, and
offered up the following prayer:
Almighty God, ourhcavenly Father, impress us
with the sense of Thy presence as we thus comc
before Thee. Thou art the only living and true
God, our Father, our Friend, our Redeemer, the
God of the nations; but above all, Thou art the
God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, by
whom we have received the atonement, and
through whom we have access by faith into this
grace wherein we stand, rejoicing in the hope of
the glory of God. We confess our sitis before
Thee, heavenly Father. We arc unworthy of
Thy regard; and yet Thou hast so loved us as to
givo Thy Soil to die forus; and if Thou didst not
spare Him, we know Thou wilt, with Him, freely
givo us all things.
We thank Thee for Christ, and for the great
salvation, and for the hope of heaven, and now
we bless Thee for Thy providential mercies over
us, that Thou hast, after the separation of these
Senators to their homes, brought them again to
this their post of duty, laden with the varied ex-
perience of Th^~providential dispensations, but
above all, laden with the goodness of God to them
and to the nation. We thank Thee for Thy mer-
cies. We bless Thee that Thou hast saved this
nation to the present moment. We thank Thee
for all the success that has accompanied the legis-
lation of this body and the legislation of Congress.
WethankTheefor all the success that has crowned
our arms in the Army and in the Navy. We
thank Thee for the solid foundations on which,
through Thy divine goodness, this Government,
as we believe, now rests.
For all these Thy mercies receive our hearty
thanks; but, Lord, we are fallible, we are weak,
we need divine wisdom, and here in these high
places of the land we look up to Thee upon Thine
eternal throne and pray Thee still to interpose in
our behalf. Bless our nation. Bless Thy servant,
the President, and all the members of his Cabinet.
May they be inspired with wisdom, with holy
patriotism, with firmness for the right, with a love
of justice and truth, and all the virtues which are
pleasing to God and may be beneficial to this na-
tion. We pray for both Houses of Congress now
assembled. MayThypresencebewith them from
day to day. We especially invoke Thy blessing
upon this body of Senators, upon Thy servant
their President, and upon all the members of this
body. May their lives and health be precious in
Thy sight. May their counsels be ever under
Thy divine superintendence; and may the wisdom
of God, profitable to direct, be imparted to every
mind, and characterize every act.
Hear us in these our supplications, and fit us
to do and to suffer all Thy holy wili here and in
every part of our land; and may the time come
when Thy presence shall be in all the States, when
the enemies of this Government shall be brought
into subjection to the laws of the land, and when
freedom shall be universal among all classes in
this great population. Thou werttheGod of our
fathers: we pray Thee to be the God of their chil-
dren. And may our nation live for the honor of
Thy name, for the good of humanity, and may
the kingdom of God come, and Thy will be done
on earth as in heaven, for Christ's sake. Amen.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered^ That the hour of the daily meetingof the Senate
be twelve o'clock, meridian, until otherwise ordered.
ORGANIZATION.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the Secietaty inform the House of Rep-
resentatives tli.it a quorum of the Senate has assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to ptoceed to business.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Emerson Etheridge,
its Clerk, as follows:
Mi. President: Aquouun of the members of the Hou^e
of Jiepiesentsttivcit have tins day assembled in their Hail,
andaio now ready to proceed to the transaction of business.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of three members
be appointed to join such committee as may be appointed
bv the Ilouse of Representatives to wait on the Piesident
of the United States, and mtormhimthata quorum of each
House has assemble, and that Congress, is ready to received
any communication he may be pleased to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the committee be raised?
Several Senators. Let the Chair appoint.
There being no objection to the appointment
of the committee by the Chair,
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Hale, Trumbull, and Latham.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Etheridge,
its Clerk,announcing that the House had passed
a resolution for the appointment 'otj& committee
on its part, to join such committee as mav be
appointed on the part ofthe Striate, 'to .Wail oh
the President of the United States and iiffor-rn him
that a quorum of each House has assembled, aijd
that Congress is ready to receive any
cation he may be pleased to make, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Reuben E. Fenton of New York,
Mr. James K. Moorhead of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. Charles A. Wickliffe of Kentucky, the
committee on the part of the House.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. TRUMBULL gave notice of his intention
hereafter to ask leave to introduce a bill for the
confiscation of the property of rebels and giving
freedom to the persons they hold in slavery.
Mr. WILKINSON gave notice of his intention
hereafter to ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish
the distinction between the regular and the volun-
teer forces of the United States.
TIIE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HALE, from the joint committee appointed
to wait on the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of each House has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive
any communication he may be pleased to make,
reported that they had performed the duty as-
signed them, and that the President had requested
them to inform the two Houses of Congress that
he would communicate to them at twelve o'clock
to-morrow, in writing.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 2, 1861.
The House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, in pursuance of constitutional
provision, convened this day in second session;
and at twelve o'clock, m., was called to order by
the Speaker, Hon. Galusha A. Grow, a Repre-
sentative from the State of Pennsylvania.
Rev. T. H. Stockton, Chaplain of the House,
offered the following prayer:
0 Lord, our God, in the name of Jesus, and
trusting in the aid of Thy Holy Spirit, we offer
Thee our humble worship. We thank Thee that
Congress thus reassembles. We thank Thee that
our capital is still safe, the officers of the Govern-
ment are in their proper places, and its various
Departments in vigorous and successful operation.
We thank Thee that the great majority of our
States are still loyal, with others likely to become *
so, and that our people, notwithstanding the war,
are comparatively prosperous and happy. O
Lord, receive, we beseech Thee, our profound-
est gratitude, our most sincere and fervent thanks-
giving.
And now, O Lord, we pray for our country,
for our whole country. We pray for the forgive-
ness of our sins, for the correction of our errors,
and for our common and perpetual establishment
in truth and purity and justice, and the love of
harmony and pcace. We pray for our President
and his Cabinet. We pray for the Vice President
and the Senate. We pray for the Speaker and the
House of Representatives. We pray for the Chief
Justice and his associates of the Supreme Court.
We pray for every officer and private in the Army
and Navy. We pray for every prisoner, for every
one wounded or sick in our hospitals, and for all
who have them in charge. We pray for the fam-
ilies of the absent ones. We pray for the families
of the slain and of the deceased, for their fathers
and their mothers, for their wives and children,
for their brothers and sisters and friends. We
pray for our enemies. We pray for our friends
in the midst of our enemies. We pray for our
enemies in the midst of our friends. We pray
for the slaves. We pray for all classes and con-
ditions throughout our once peaceful and blessed
country, still hopeful of being more peaceful and
more blessed than ever. We pray that the spirit of
Christ may abound and abide throughout all our
1
