1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMS
that committee will report a bill that passed the
House of Reptesentati ves in February, author-
izing the Suite of Kentucky to raise some twelve
months' men. It was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs on the 5fh of March, and I
have requested the honorable chairman some four
or five tnn *s to bring; the matter before his com-
mittee. He has promised me two or three times
that he would do so, but lie never lias done so
yet that I have heard of. i should like to get from
him some information as to when it is probable
the committee will act upon that subject, and I
should like to be before the committee when they
take it up.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator, as he has stated, has repeatedly called my
attention to that bill. I will say to him that it is
on the table of the committee, and has been sev-
eral times read and referred to by the committee,
but their general impression has been against re-
porting the bill at any time when it has come be-
fore them. The impression seemed to be that it
was a measure of doubtful expediency, and the
inclination of the committee was rather against it,
hut they did not report against the bill for the
reason that they thought some facts might come
before Congress which would authorize them to
report the bill, and the bill has been held on that
ground. The next time we have a meeting, I
shall be very glad to have the Senator appear be-
fore the committee and give any facts ui regard
to it.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 364) to aid
m the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I, of course, shall move
the reference of that bill to the special committee
appointed by the Senate on that subject. I wish
to say further, that it is, in substance, the bili that
has been placed before the Senate by the report of
the special committee of the Senate. The com-
mittee will bring it before the Senate at a very eaily
day, for reasons that compel such a movement on
the part of the friends of the bill, and 1 hope the
Senate will turn their attention to the measure. I
shall bring it to the attention of the Senate, and
ask their action upon it, if possible, at a very early
day. I wish to give that notice now. I ask that
the bill be read and referred to the select commit-
tee on the subject of the Pacific railroad.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Or<iered> That four members be added to the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad bill, to be appointed by the
President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Wade, Lane of Kansas, Browning, and
Kennedy.
VESSELS OF LOYAL OWNERS RECAPTURED.
Mr. FGS3ENDEN. I present the petition of
the owners of the ship John H. Jarvis, praying
for the possession of their vessel seized by a pri-
vateer of the so-called confederate States, and re-
captured by the United States forces. At the same
time I offer the following resolution, and ask for
its consideration now:
Resofredy That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire whether anv tegt-huion is necessary us relation
to ve^e/s hWongina to loyal Ameucan citizens which have
hcietoiore been seized and confiscated by rebeland which
have tyeen ie< aptured at Now Orleans and other places, and
to report by b.ll or otheivvxse.
I merely wish to say, in explanation, that it is
proba'dy known to all the Senators that a very
considerable number of our vessels, early m the
struggle, were seized by the rebels at New Orleans
and at many other places. At the time the war
broke out, so to speak, there were vessels on their
way from Europe which were oi igmally directed
to return to New Orleans for cargo, and which,
when they arrived there, were taken possession
of, and some were taken possession of at other
places. It is quite natui al that the own< rs of those
vessels should now desire to get possession of
them if they can. They have been deprived of
them, owing to the unfortunate state of affairs, and
have met with serious loss. As things now stand,
there are difficulties in the way. In thefirst place,
I understand that, as the Navy has taken New
Orleans, the officers consider all these vessels as
matters of prize, to be sold for the benefit of the
captors, if there are any there. That idea prevails,
but whether that is true or not, I think the sub-
ject needs examination.
Again, if they can be looked after, the owners
desire to send their agents or to go themselves,
with a view to obtain possession of their vessels;
at any rate, to find out how they are situated. In
the existing state of things they are not permit-
ted to go nor to send any agents with reference to
any business transaction; and the large amount of
property that exists in this condition is left, per-
haps, wholly uncared for, and liable to very great
loss. There are many of these cases, and I think
it is a very proper subject of examination by the
Committee on Commerce, and I hope the inquiry
will be made.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to; and the petition was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. STARK.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a resolution to offer
relating to the case of the Senator from Oregon;
but before offering it, if I can have the attention
of the Senator from New Hampshire, I desire to
ask him a question. I have in my hands the re-
port of a committee of this body, which was or-
dered to be printed as long ago as April 22,1862,
and which is signed " Daniel Clark, J. M.
Howard, Joseph A. Wright, John Sherman;"
and this report adopts the conclusion, "that the
Senator from Oregon is disloyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States." i have waited every
day since this report was laid on the table to see
what action would be taken by the chairman, or
by one of the other members of the committee—
the Senator from Ohio, or the Senator from Indi-
ana, or the Senator from Michigan, who is not
now in his seat. Nothing has been proposed by
either of them; and I now wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, the chairman of that
committee, if he intends to bring forward any
proposition in pursuance of the report which he
has presented.
Mr. CLAEK. I hardly know why the ques-
tion should be put to me, Mr. President. If the
Senator from Massachusetts had read the original
resolution under which the committee were ap-
pointed, he would have found that the committee
had fully discharged their duty. They were in-
structed by the resolution simply to investigate
the charges. The committee have investigated
the charges, and have reported to the Senate the
conclusions to which they came. They did not
think it proper to put themselves in the position
of accusers of the Senator from Oregon, and thus
take upon themselves a work which the Senate
did not intrust to them. They preferred to dis-
charge their duty as the Senate intrusted it to
them under the resolution, and then to leave the
matter with the Senate for action, and there it
now stands. I do not intend myself to move any
further resolution, unless I shall be instructed to
do so by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 signed the report of the
committee, without any pleasure, as a matter of
course. It was painful to have to sign it; but that
was the result of my conviction. Now, however,
1 desire thus early to say that I hope the Senate
will not occupy any more time with this case. I,
for one, shall not vote for any proposition that
will consume any more time in the discussion of
a question which must be at last decided by the
people of Oregon in a very short period. We are
now under a heavy pressure. We have much im-
poitant legislation to attend to. We have but a
short time in which to do it. We know very well
that when the warm weather comes on, the cus-
tom of the Senate and the pressure upon us will
take us away from here, even if some of the busi-
ness of the session is not disposed of. Many of
the most serious and important questions of the
session are scarcely bioached as yet. We have
i sevual appiopriation bills, we have the eonfisea- j
I uon bill, we have m my other measures of im- j
! p'M'iant legislation yet to act upon. The rules j
! nmli r which we act prevent us from expediting ,
busimss in this body. We know very well that j
in a question which involves the seat of a mem- {
ber, the usual courtesy of the Senate wiii give a j
great deal of time to the consideration of a ques- i
tion so deeply involving the feelings and reputa-
tion of that member. It will occupy several days
at least. I therefore wish, before the Senator from
Massachusetts moves in the matter, to state that
I will not vote for any resolution of expulsion,
but will place my solemn opinion upon the record
and let that go to the people of Oregon, who alone
can dispose of this matter properly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
begs to state that this debate is allowable only as
mere matter of indulgence and courtesy. There
is no question before the Senate.
Mr, SUMNER. I was aware that it could only
be conducted on that principle, but I was unwill-
ing to proceed in the matter until I had ascer-
tained from the Senator from New Hampshire
what his own purpose was, and I am very glad
also to hove been instructed by the Senator from
Ohio. I now offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark, a Senator from Ore-
gon, who has been found by a committee of this body tobe
di&loyal to the Government of the United States, be, and
the same is hereby, expelled from the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the present con-
sideration of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT$>ro tempore. It will lie over.
ROSE M. IIARTE.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senate to take up a
little bill which has been reported unanimously
by the Committee on Patents. It is in favor of a
widow. I believe the claim is just, and I hope it
will be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regular
business in order is the bill (S. No. 178) to in-
corporate the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
way Company.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone that for the
purpose of taking up the bill for the relief of Rose
M. Harte.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not like to object, but I
am afraid that bill will lead to discussion. If I
were sure that it would not, I should not object;
but the bill now properly under consideration has
been a long time before the Senate, and I am ex-
tremely anxious to have it proceeded with.
Mr. WADE. 1 will agree that this private bill
shall go over, if it leads to discussion. I hope it
will not, and I believe it will not.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, then I yield for
that special puipose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the present and all
prior oideis for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
299) for the relief of Rose M. Harte, widow of
Edward Harte, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to require the Comqiissioner of Patents,
out of any money belonging to the fund of the
Patent Office not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Rose M. Harte, widow of Edward Harte, th£
sum of $274 80, in full for certain papers pre-
pared by him, by direction of the Commissioner
of Patents, illustrative of the " Progress of Agri-
culture in the United States during ten years,"
and also for an article entitled " Railroads in the
United States in 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a thud reading, read the third
time, and passed.
D. G. FARRAGUT.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to report this
morning from the Committee on Naval Affairs a
little bill which has been twice favorably reported
upon before and passed the Senate, but which
failed to pass the House of Representatives for
want of time. 1 do not wish that to happen again,
and theiefore I bring it foiward now and ask the
Senate to pass it. It is a bill for the payment of
a small balance of account due to Commodore Far-
rogut. It has met the unanimous approval of the
Committee on Naval Affaits. 1 report the bill,
and I ask for its present consideration.
The bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of D. G,
Fariagut was read twice by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to instiuet the pioper accounting officers
to allow to Captain D.G. Fariagut of the United
Stan s Navy> m the settlement of his accounts, the
sum of $407 19, being the amount paid by him as
