TMM OONGEBSSIWAL' GLOBE.
June 26.
President of the United States, commissioning
West' H. HutapHreysfis judge ofthe district court
of the United States for the Several districts of
Tennessee, of date the 26th of March, 1853.
The Seoretarjrrcad, as follows:
Know ye thai repnsing pecial trusted confidence in the
wisdom, uprlgfitnpw, and learning of West H.Huiuphieys,
i have nominated, ami by and with the a'dvlce and consent
of the Senate do appoint Mm judge of the district court of
the United States* for the eastern, middle, and western dis-
tricts of Tennessee, and do authorize ana empower him to
execute and fulfill the duties of that office according to the
Constitution and laws of the said United States, and to have
and to hold the said office, with all the powers, privileges,
a id emoluments to the same'of right appertaining unto him,
the said West H. Humphrey*, during his good behavior.
In testimony whereof I have caused the letters to be made
patent, and the seal of the United States to be hereunto
affixed.
Given under my hand at the city of Washington, the 26th
day of March, A. I)., 1853, and the Independence of the
United States of America thu seventy seventh
By the PiRMdent: FRANKLIN PIERCE.
[i  s.] WlfcLiMC L. Ma-ucv, Secretary of State,
Mr. BINGHAM. In support of the third arti-
cle of impeachment, which alleges the levying of
war against the United States as a matter of ac-
cusation against the accused, 1 offer in evidence to
the court the respective proclamations of the Pres-
ident of the United States, of date respectively,
the 15th of April, 1861; the 19th of April, 1861;
the 27th of April, 1861; the 3d of May, 18(51; the
10th of May, 1661; the 12th of August, 1861; and
the 16th of August, 1861, duly authenticated by
the Department of State, to prove the existence of
a state of insurrection and war against the United
States.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows;
To all to whom these present* shall, come, greeting:
(certify that the annexed printed proclamation* ofthe
President of the United Siaie-i, dated H^peetively l.">ih of
April, 1861 j I9th of April, 1861; a7th of April, 18(51; Ud of
May, 1861; 10th of May, 18(31; 12th of August, IBfi 1; and
16th of August, 1861, as amended hv mark-; in writing, an:
true copies ofthe originals on UK- in tills Wepniunent.
In tubiunony whereof 
Mr, HARRIS. I move that the reading of those
E reclamations be dispensed with, and that they
e considered as evidence before the Court.
The PRESIDENT ?>ro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, they will he considered as received
as evidence in the case, and the reading will be
dispensed with. The Chair hearw no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that Jacob McGavock
may be called to the bar of the Senate, and sworn
as a witness.
Jacob McGavock was called,and the oath pre-
scribed n\ the 15th rule was administered by the
Secretary, i\a follow#:
I, Jacob MoOavockjdo swear that the evidence t shall
give in tho ea-*e now pending between the United States
and Wm II. Humphrey.-*, judge of (he district eotmofihe
United Nuue* for the >evei,d tjr>lilct* of Tennessee, shall
he the truth, the whole truih, and nothing but the truth.
Bo help nm God.''
The witness was seated in the area in front of
the Societal y's desk.
Examined by Mr. Binoijam.
Question, Mr. McGavock, you will state, if you
please, to the Court your residence.
It is in the city of Nashville, Ten-
nessee.
Question. You will state to the Court, if you
please, your occupation there.
Answer. I was clerk of the United States court
until the 
Mr. HOWARD. It isimpossiblo for the Sen-
ators on this aide of the Chamber [the left ofthe
Chair] to hear the witness or the manager. It
would be far bettor if the witness were elevated,
so that all the members of the Senate eould hear
every response and every question. 1 should like
to have an arrangement made to that effect. We
must hear the witness—the question, and the
answer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Presid-
ing Officer would suggest that, if the witness is
physically able, without serious in convenience, to
stand at fhe end of the desk of the Secretary, as
he yives his responses to the inquiries, it may ob-
viatr tfie difficulty.
Th" Wu'vkss. i prefer sitting.
The PRESIDENT/?™ tempore. A scat is pie-
pared whit ii the witness can occupy at the end of
the Clejk's desk, and make the responses more
audible.
The witness was conducted to a seat at the Sec-
retary's desk.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggest that the wit-
ness occupy the place that he has just left, and
that the manager on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives repeat his answer, if he is unable to
speak it loud enough so that ail can hear. If he
is placed at the end of the Clerk's desk,'we can-
not hear from this side, [on the right ofthe Clmir.]
I would suggest that that would be proper for all
parties. Let him sit where he was, and let the
manager repeat his answers, if they are not loud
enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The witness
states that the condition of his health requires
him to be seated while he is under examination;
and that privilege will be extended to him; and
he will occupy the s^at assigned him, and the
manager will repeat his responses agreeably to
the suggestionsof theSenatorfrom Pennsylvania.
Entire silence must be observed in the Chamber.
The witness having been seated near the man-
agers, the examination was resumed by Mr.
Binguam.
Question. Mr. McGavock, I inquired your resi-
dence ?
Answer. Nashville, Tennessee.
Question. I inquired your occupation?
Answer. I was clerk'of the United States cir-
cuit and district court until the establishment of
the confederate court. .
Question. State how you ceased to be such
clerk.
Jinswer. I never resigned. I still kept the papers
and records of the court.
Question. State by whom you were appointed
clerk of thecircuitand district court in Tennessee
for the United States.
Jinswer. By Judge Catron.
Question. In what district of Tennessee were
you clerk of the distuct couit?
Answer. Middle Tennessee.
Qttisleon. State, if you please, what became of
the records of the circuit and district court of the
United States for that district.
Answer. Well, sir, they continued in my pos-
session until Judge Catron returned there, and I
resigned,and he appointed Mr. Harrison as clerk,
and I delivered them over to him.
Question. State,ifyou please, whatothercourt,
if any, wasestablishcd in that district in Tennes-
see, and what it was called.
The Witness. Do you mean in that part, of
Tennessee '
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes,sir; in that partofTcn-
nossee, middle Tennessee, that district.
Jinswer. It was called 
Mr. BINGHAM. You can look at that paper,
as it bears your name, to refresh your recollec-
tion. [Handing the witness a paper.]
Jinswer. It was called the district court of the
confederate States of America for the middle di-
vision of the district of Tennessee.
Question. When was that courtfirstestablished
in that district?
Answer. I do not recollect the time exactly, it
was after April, 1861.
Question. State, if you please, whether u was
m the spring of 1861; perhaps in the month of
April or May.
Answer. 1 think probably in May or June,
though I am not certain as to the time.-
Question. State, if you please, who was judge,
and officiating and acting as such, of this district
court of the confederate States of America for the
middle division of the district of Tennessee.
Ansiver. Judge Humphreys.
Question. Where did he officiate and act as such
judge?
Answer. In Nashville, Tennessee.
Question. When did he hold his first term of
said court in said State, at Naslmlle?
Ansiver. In October, 1861.
Question. Mr. McGavock, were you acquainted
with Judge Humphreys, at one time judije of the
district court of the United States—West H.
Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. State whether he was the same per-
son who officiated and acted as judge of the dis-
trict court of the confederate States of America, in
October last, at Nashville.
Ansicer. The same person.
Question. State whether he was a citizen of the
United States, and a resident of Tennessee.
Ansicer. He was.
Question. State, if you please, what became of
the seals of the district and circuit courts of Ten"
nessee.
Answer. The seal ofthe circuit court remained
there, and the seal of the district court was altered
for the confederate court.
Question. State by whose order it was altered.
Answer. Judge Humphreys directed a seal to
be made, and I took the seal of the district court
and had it altered to the confederate court.
Mr. BINGHAM. He says that Judge Hum-
phreys directed a seal to be made for the confed-
erate court; that he thereupon took the seal of the
district court of the United States and altered it
so as to make it the seal of the confederate court.
[To the witness.] Now state, if you please,
whether that is the seal so altered of the con-
federate court. [Exhibiting an impression of a
seal.]
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Is that your signature to that certifi-
cate ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. The paper in my hand, which
I shall offer in evidence in due time to the Court,
is of the date of the of October, 1861, a writ
of the district court of the confederate States of
America, and bears the impress of the seal with
the inscription which the witness says was the
seal adopted by the district court of the confed-
erate States of America, and that he signed the
paper himself in his official capacity as clerk of
that court. [To the witness.] Who°appointed
you clerk of the district court of the confederate
States of America?
Answer. Judge Humphreys.
Question. The same judge, West H. Hum-
phreys ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When were you soappointed by him?
Answer. It was some short time before October,
1861. I am not certain, though, of the date. It
was May or June, 1861, somewhere along there;
I do not remember exactly.
Question. I ask you whether you were sworn
into that office ? Was an oath administered to you
as such clerk ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question, By whom wasthat oath administered?
Answer. I cannot recollect exactly; I think it
was by a man named Parrish, a justice of the
peace of that place.
Question. Who directed you to take the oath?
Answer. Judge Humphreys.
Question. State, if you please,to the Court what
the oath was that you were required and directed
by Judge Humphreys to take as clerk of the dis-
trict court of the confederate States.
Answer. I do not believe I can state that.
Question, Can you state the substance ?
Jinswer. I can.
Question. State it, if you please.
Answer. To support the constitution of the con-
federate States was the substance of it.
Question. Will you state, if you please, to the
Court what has become of the records of the con-
federate court, if any were kept?
Answer. They were taken away by the receiver.
Question. What was his name?
Answer. Cochran.
Question. When ?
Answer, I do not recollect the date, but it was
the day or the second day after the fall of Port
Donelson.
Question. By whose order were those records
taken away ?
Answer. Nobody's order that I know of.
Question. 1 ask you whether any communica-
tion was made to you on the subject of their re-
moval by West H. Humphreys?
Answer. A day or two after they were taken
away by Cochran, I received a note from Judge
Humphreys for mc to take the records and papers
to Murfreesboro'.
Question. Will you please produce that note?
The witness produced the note and handed it to
Mr. Bingham.
Question. Is this note in the handwriting of
Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. All of it?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question, Are you acquainted with his hand-
. writing ?
Answer, Yes, sir.
