THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
Union, that all things may be subdued to the
majesty of His authority, and to the felicity of
His government.
And now, Lord, as Thou seest the end from
the beginning, and knowest all things, and how
to administer all affairs in all goodness, in all wis-
dom, and with all grace, we commit our personal
and family and social and public and national
affairs, as ever heretofore so forever hereafter,
into Thy care and keeping.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be
Thy name; Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done
on earth as it is in heaven; give us this day our daily
bread; and forgive us our debts as we forgive our
debtors; and lead us not into temptation but de-
liver us from evil; forThino is the kingdom, and
the power, and the glory, toreverand ever. Amen.
MEMBERS PRESENT.
The roll being called, the following members
answered to their names. From the State of
MAINE.
John N. Goodwin, Anson P. Moirill,
CUa les W. Walton, John II. Ilice,
Samuel C. Fessendeu, Fredeiick A. Pike.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Edward H. Rollins, Thomas M. Edwards.
VERMONT.
E. P. Walton, jr., Portus Baxter.
Jtistm S. Morrill,
MASSACHUSETTS.
Thomas D. Eliot, Charles R. Train,
James Rufiinton, Goldsmith P. Bailey,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Charles Delano,
Alexander II. Rice, Ilenry L. Dawes.
John B. Alley,
RHODE ISLAND.
William P. Sheffield.
CONNECTICUT.
Dwight Loom is, George C Woodruff.
Alfred A. Burnham,
NEW YORK.
Edward II. Smith, Richard Franehot,
Moses F. Odell, Roscoe Conkling,
William Wall, II. Holland Duel!,
Frederick A. Coukling, William E. Lansing,
£hjali Ward, Ambrose W. Clark, .
Edward Haight, Chailes B. Sedgwick,
Chail'-s 11. Van Wycli, Theodore M. Pomoioy,
John B. Steele, Eobt. B. Van Valkenburgh,
Stephen Baker, Augustus Frank,
Abialiam B.Olin, Burt Van Horn,
Eia iU3 Corning, ■ Elbridge G. Sp,milling,
William A. Wheeler, Reuben E. Fenton.
■ Sociates N. Sherman,
NEW JERSEY.
William G. Steele, Nehemiah Perry.
Geoige T. Cobb,
PENNSYLVANIA.
William E. Lehman, Joseph Baily,
John P. Ve.ree, Edward McPherson,
William D. Kelley, Samuel S. Blair,
William Mortis Davis, Jesse Lazear,
John Hickman, James K. Moorhead,
Sydenham E. Aneona, Robert McKnight,
Thadicui Stevens, John W. Wallace,
James II. Campbell, John Patton,
Galusha A. Giow, Elijah Babbitt.
MARYLAND.
Cornelius L. L. Leary, Fiancis Thomas,
HeiuyMay, Charles B. Calvert.
VIRGINIA.
Charles II. [Jpton.
OHIO.
George II. Pendleton, Valentine B. Ilnrton,
John A. Gurley, Samuel S. Cox,
Clement L. Vatlandigham, Samuel T. Worcester,
William Allen, Hariison G. Blake,
James M. Ashley, James R. Morris,
Clulton A. White, Sidney Edgcuon,
Richard A. Hauison, Albert G. Riddle,
Samuel Shellabarger, John Ilutchins,..
Warren P. Noble, John A. Bingham.
Carey A. Trimble,
KENTUCKY.
Charles A. WieklifTe, John W. Menzies.
George VV. Dunlap,
INDIANA.
John Law, George W. Julian,
James A. Cravens, Albeit G. Porter,
W. McKee Dunn, Schuyler Colfax,
William S. Ilolinan, William Mitchell,
ILLINOIS.
Ellihu B. Washburne, William A. Richardson,
Isaac N. Arnold, James C. Robinson,
Owen Lovjoy, Philip B. Fouke.
William Kellogg,
MISSOURI.
Francis P. Blair, jr., John W. Noell.
Elijah II. Norton,
MICHIGAN.
Bradley F. Granger, Rowland E. Trowbridge.
Fernando C. Beaman,
IOWA.
William Vandever.
WISCONSIN. ,
John F. Potter, A. Scott Sloan.
Luther Hanchett,
MINNESOTA.
Cyrus AUlricll.
OREGON.
George IC. Shiel.
KANSAS.
Maitin F. Conway.
DELEGATE FROM NEBRASKA.
Samuel G. Daily.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and fourteen
members have answered to their names, and there
is therefore a quorum presentreadytodo business.
Mr. ALDRICH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Windom, was detained on his way to Washing-
ton by the illness of his daughter.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by its
Secretary, John W. Forney, Esq., notifying the
House that a quorum of that body had reassem-
bled, and was ready to proceed to the business of
the session.
MEMBERS ELECT SWORN IN.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, Messrs.
Aaron A. Sauce ant and T.G.Phelps, members
elect from the State of California, are present, and
I move that they be sworn in.
The SPEAKER, The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the motion will be considered as adopted.
Messis. Sargeant and Phelps took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
. Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Samuel
Hooper, Representative elect from the fifth con-
gressional district of Massachusetts, in place of
Hon. William Appleton, resigned, is present, and
I move that he be sworn in.
There being no objection, Mr. Hooper took
the usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
TENNESSEE.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, Hon. Horace
May-ward, Representative elect from the second
district of the State of Tennessee, is now present,
and I move that he be qualified.
Mr. STEVENS. There are two or three gen-
tlemen who, I understand, claim to be Represent-
atives from alleged seceded States. It may be
that they have been properly elected; but as we
know that their States are, so far as they can be,
out of the Union, I deem it proper that this House
ought to refer all such cases to the Committee of
Elections. I therefore make that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I think that the case of Mr.
Maykard is an exception to the rule suggested by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. Maynard
was elected on the regular day of election in Ten-
nessee, under the ordinary proclamation, and be—j
fore Tennessee, if I am correctly informed, had 1
taken any steps in the way of attempting to se- j
cede from the Union. He was elected by a very ]
large vote, and upon a regular contest. 1 produce !
here the certificates of the sheriffs in the several i
counties of his district that he waselected. What- I
over may be the rule proper to be adopted in ref- !
erence to other cases, I can conceive of no reason 1
why Mr. Maynard should not be qualified to take |
Jus seat, like the other members who have pre-
sented themselves here to-day. j
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know any of the '
facts in this case. While we may say that we do '
not recognize any State to be out of the Union,
yet the fact is that States have declared them-
selves to be out of the Union; and whether Mr.
Maynard was elected or not at the usual time and
in the usual way la a fact I do not know. I do
not know whether ho was elected under the old
law or under some new law, enacted by only a
portion of the State. We know that a new State
formed out of part of Virginia claims to represent
the whole of that State; and we know that mem-
bers have been elected to this House by only
twenty votes, and those cast under the guns of a
fort. Now, to say that those gentlemen repre-
sent any district is a mere mockery. I do not
think that such gentlemen ought to be admitted
to seats in this Hall until their cases have been
fully investigated by a committee of this House.
In North Carolina an election has been held out
of the ordinary time. It may be correct, but it
ought to be investigated. We can act intelli-
gently on the reports of the committee, which
we cannot do now.
Mr. DAWES. I agree entirely with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania in the view which he
takes in reference to the cases to which he has
alluded; but there is a distinction which he ought
to make between them and this one of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, Mr. Maynard. Mr. May-
nard comes here elected according to the forms
of law. He was elected precisely as lie or any
other man would have been elected had Tennessee
taken no steps to secede from the Union. He was
elected durine the last session of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. I want to know the facts. 1 wish to
know whether the election at which Mr. May-
nard was returned was held according to the laws
which existed prior to the alleged secession of
Tennessee, and at the time fixed by those laws ?
Mr. DAWES. I am informed that he was
elected according to the laws of Tennessee as they
have existed for a long time.
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I want to
know.
Mr. DAWES. I am prepared to make a mo-
tion in reference to some other cases precisely like
that suggested by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. i think those eases ought to be referred
to some committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
I did not know how Mr. Maynard was elected.
Mr. DAWES. He was elected during the first
session of this Congress, and was on his way
hero when the House adjourned.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that he was
elected at the time fixed by the old law.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withd raw my objec-
tion. J
The motion was adopted; and Hon. Horace
Maynard took the usual oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. VA1NDEVER stated that Hon. Jamei, F.
Wilson, Representative elect from the fust con-
gressional district of Iowa, was present, and
moved that he be sworn in.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wilson
took the usual oath to support the Constitution
of the United States.
MESSAGE TO THE SENATE.
Mr. PERRY offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate, to in-
form them thnt a quorum of the House of Representatives
lias assembled, and Is ready to pioeeed to business.
JOIIN M. BEUNmSEL.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Delegate from the
Territory of Utah, John M. Berxhisel, is present,
and I move that he be sworn in.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Bervhisel
was qualified, by taking the usual oath of office to
support tlie Constitution of the United States.
JOIIN CKADLEBAUGII.
Mr. COX.. I rise to a question of privilege. I
have in my hand the certificate of Governor Nye,
ofJ\Tevada, showing that the Hun. John Cuadle-
baugh has been elected a Delegate from that Ter-
ritory. He is present, and I move that he be
sworn in.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I rise to a question of
order. The swearing in of a Delegate is not a
question of privilege. It is not necessary for the
organization of the House that they should be
sworn in, and the question of privilege relates only
to that organization. I have a question of privi-
lege, myself, which I wish to submit; and there-
tore I raise the question of order.
