1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The reason why I propose this amendment is,
that it has sometimes happened that these corpo-
rations give notice to meet in some place that is
not convenient and accessible to the public, crowd
in and fill up the room, and take all the stock
themselves. I wish simply to provide that that
shall not be done, but that these books^ shall be
kept open in somu convenient and accessible place
in the city of Washington, from nine o'clock in
the forenoon till five o'clock in the afternoon. I
think everybody will see the propriety of that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I propose further to amend the
same section by inserting in the twelfth line, after
the words " provided that," the words, " no per-
son shall subscribe for himself or for another more
than one hundred shares, and." The object of
this amendment is to preventthe monopoly which
may be created without a provision of that sort.
The proviso, if thus amended, as I propose,
would then read:
Provided, That no person shall subscribe for himself or
for another more than one hundred shires, and no subscrip-
tion shall be deemed valid until the person subsenbwg
therefor shall make affidavit, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALLS.. I have one other amendment that
I wish to propose to the same section. Afterthe
amendment just made, it goes on as follows:
And 110 subscription shall be deemed valid until the per-
son bubsenbing therefor &hal! make affidavit before the per-
sons, or any one of them authorized to receive such subscrip-
tions, that the same is bona fule, and in fact and in truth tor
him or herself, and not for another.
I propose to add, after the word " another,"
these words:
Nor until the person subscribing shall pay to the person
or persons authotizod to reccivc the same twenty-five per
cent, in cas.li of the whole amount subscribed by Inm.
This has got to be done right off, if the road is
to be built in sixty days, and that will bo a guar-
antee that no person who does not actually mean
to take the stock shall take it.
Mr.GRIMES. In thatamendmcntsusceptible
of further amendment? I think twenty-five per
cent, is altogether too largo a sum to be required,
especially ot persons who are not in very affluent
circumstances, and who have not their means in a
condition to immediately pay tlmtamount in. Let
the Senator put it at ten or fifteen per cent. That
will secure every purpose tiiat the Senator seeks
to accomplish.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will modify my •amend-
ment^ and put it at fifteen; though I think twenty
would be better, because the whole of the money
has got to be raised in sixty days.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; there will be no ne-
cessity for raising the whole of the money in sixty
days* They will cull for it in installments, as the
interest!* of the company may require. There is
only a portion of this road that is required to be
built in sixty days. It runs through six months;
and it will only require a very small installment
of the capital stock to be called in in the beginning.
Ten per cent, would be plenty, in my opinion.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will say fifteen per cent.,
if that will satisfy the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have one other amendment. I
am told that since these branch railroads have
been put on through Seventh and Fouiteenth
streets, $300,000 will not be enough to build it, and
I propose to add at the end of the tenth section
the following words:
Provide/?, That the capital stock of said company may bo
increased by a majonty of the stockholders to a miih suffi-
cient to carrv out the object of the act, not exceeding the
sum of ,<$600,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope not in that form. I
have no objection that the capital stock should be
increased, but 1 think it is objectionable that the
capital stock should bo liable to be incieased by
the stockholders. U should bo fixed by your bill;
and if the Senator will allow nv J wjH suggest
that it be amended in this way: that the capital
stock of said company shall not be less than
$300,000 nor more than $500,000. Then the capi-
tal stock will be fixed definitely by the bill, not
by sliding scale of the stockholders.
Mr. HALE. I accept that in lieu of my prop-
osition
Mr. GRIMES. 1 trust no amendment of this
kind will be made. There is not the slightest ne-
cessity for the amount we have specified in the bill.
There is not the slightest necessity for §300,000.
We have given them at least $150,000 more than
will be required to complete the rood, and put it
in perfect running order, and keep it in running
order. I suppose of course Senators do not know
the appliances that have been used to get a large
amount of stock included in this bill. 1 have had
some experience on that subject, and do not desire
that there should be any loophole left by which
there shall be any frauds perpetrated upon the
public or upon Congress, and I think the tendency
of the enlargement of this capital stock will have
that effect.
Mr. HALE. I do not think X have been ap-
proached about it by anybody. I have had state-
ments made to me by people interested. I felt a
good deal of interest in the subject; and I think
for as much as ten years wo have been prevented
from having a railroad here from the conflicting
interests of those who have undertaken to get this
grant made to these different companies. I under-
stand that the length of the road to be built will
be fourteen miles of double track, or most of it,
and that the number of horses necessary to oper-
ate it will be something like four hundred. The
number of cars I do not know. I am told that
this sum of §300,000 will not do it. If it will,
I certainly have no possible object exccpt to give
them what is necessary to build the road and put
it in good running order, and particularly as we
have compelled them not to go into debt.
Mr. COWAN. What is the length of the road,
did the Senator say ?
Mr. HALE. I am told that fourteen miles is
the length of the track.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been talked to as well
as the Senator from New Hampshire in regard to
the amount that this stock should be placed at;
but I have not been talked to by a single citizen
of the city of Washington or Georgetown who is
really interested in the road and in its construc-
tion, who was in favor oT this enlargement of the
capital stock, and I think the Senator has not.
But { have been talked to by gentlemen who have
made a descent upon us from abroad, and who
are attempting to use this railroad for purposes
of private speculation, in favor of having this
large amount. I have been talked to three orfour
times this morning about it. I quietly passed the
gentlemen by, still entertaining the opinions that
i entertained at the start. I think those who are
really interested in the road, and whose interests
and whose wishes we should consult in the matter,
do not desire any such thing. If they do, then
it will bs time enough for them to come to Con-
gress and ask us to authorize the capital stock to
be enlarged.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Senator from
Iowa may not be aware that this increased amount
of stock is rendered necessary by increasing the
corporators. The twenty-six or thirty corpora-
tors will want a large amount of stock. It will I
not be necessary to make an assessment on this
stock, not even of fifteen percent., as theSenator
from New Hampshire proposes. All they need
do is to issue bonds on the road and build it. The
bonds on the road will pay for the building of the
road, and this amount of stock will be a gratuity
to be distributed among the twenty-six or thirty
corporators. That is the reason why it is pro-
posed to have a large amount of stock. The bonds
are going to build the road, and not the stock; and
the reason, in my private opinion, why we have
run up the number of corporators from the origi-
nal number proposed by the Senator from Iowa,
the chairman of the committee, to twenty-six, and
why it is proposed to have this large amount of
stock, is to have a large amount to divide, with-
out making an assessment upon it.
Mr. HALE. When the Senator says that is
the reason why this amendment is proposed, I can
only disclaim it for myself, and leave it to his own
ta.ste to make such accusations as those. I have
offered it in good faith, and I have proposed only
oneadditionaleorporator,and that was the Mayor
of the city of Georgetown, which T think was em- !
mently proper. I do not wish to get into a pas- '
sion, or say anything hatsh, but I disclaim being
governed by corrupt motives in my action in this
body.
Mr. GR[MES. I desire to inform the Senator
from Kansas in regard to why the number of cor-
porators was increased, what was really the rea-
son. Itisnotthat which he hassuggested. Certain
citizens of this District were included in the first
bill which we passed through the Senate and sent
to the House of Representatives. The House
chose to send us back another bill. A majority,
I think, of the persons named in it as commis-
sioners or corporators were non-residents. We
were immediately approached by the agents of the
persons who are interested in securing the passage
of that bill, and told that the House would never
consent to the substitution of other names than
those named in the House bill, and that we must,
therefore, adopt the names that were included in
the House bill; and gentlemen were influenced by
that declaration. So far as I agreed to the incor-
poration of new names, it was to the names of
persons resident in this District, in order to get a
majority of the citizens of this District to be named
as commissioners, and thereby lessen the influ-
ence in the corporation of those gentlemen from
abroad who were placed in the bill by the House
of Representatives, and sent to us for our concur-
rence; and it was for no purpose of the distribu-
tion of the stock or anything of that kind. I have
pretty much the same opinion as he has in regard
to the necessity of this increase of the stock. I
am perfectly well aware that they will never call
for more than this fifteen per cent. As soon as
they get this fifteen per cent., they will issue their
bonds, and with the bonds they will build the road.
I am perfectly well aware that this will be, if it
passes, a most valuable charter, and hence it is
that everybody has been contriving to obtain it
-upon the best terms he possibly could. ButI think
myself we had better leave the capital stock where
it is, and if there should ever be such a necessity,
which I have no idea will ever arise, as that it
will be necessary that the amount of capital stock
should be increased, let them come to Congress
and make their showing to that effect, and it will
unquestionably be increased in accordance with
their wishes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see any objection
to the increase of the number of corporators, for
I do not see any advantage that the corporators
have over other stockholders. As the bill origi-
nally came from the House, there was some ad-
vantage in being a corporator; but as it has been
amended by the" committee, and the amendments
have been adopted by the Senate, I do not see any
advantage whatever in being a corporator. The
names of three persons have been inserted as cor-
porators at my suggestion*. One of them has
since been put in on motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, but the committee had agreed
upon him before—the Mayor of Georgetown, a
very proper person certainly. The other two per-
sons are householders and large owners of real
estate in tins city. Neither of them knew that
his name was to be placed among the corpora-
tors until he learned it from the committee. I did
not consult with either of them. The other per-
sons that have been inserted, have been putin
there on the faith of other members of-the com-
mittee. 1 do not consider that there is now any
sort of advantage in beingamong the corporators,
and I should have no objection to twenty other
men being put in. If any body who chooses to
subscribe for the stock of the road thinks there
would be any advantage in putting his name in
the first section, I see no objection to it at all.
Mr. COWAN. I think the amount of stock,
considering the proposed length of the road, is
about enough. 1 do not think it is any too much;
and it may be, and I suppose it would be, neces-
sary to resort to the twelfth section, which au-
thorizes a loan of $100,000. Therefore I \\*ould
oppose raising the amount of the stock any higher
than it is. As I understand, there are fourteen
miles of double track, and it will perhaps cost
$10,000 a mile.
Mr. GRIMES, Seven miles.
Mr. COWAN. Seven miles of double track
I am told.
Mr. GRIMES. A great deal of it double,
not all.
Mr. COWAN. Then I am very clear that the
amount of stock in the bill—$300,000—is suffi-
cient; and certainly with the authority to borrow
§100,000 in addition, it will be ample. Rut I do
not apprehend any danger from the source indi-
cated by the Senatorfrom Kansas. I should sup-
pose that that was a dodge that would not be
