THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
other, t. d I think no objection can be made to a
gentleman who has received the indorsement of
his congressional district so far as this Govern-
ment has been able to push its power or has
pushed it, so as to enable the people to express a
preference. Now, however desirable it might be
to have a gentleman elected from an entire district
in a State, this House of Representatives ought
not, in my judgment, to deny to the people of
Accomac and Northampton counties, representa-
tion upon this floor when they have laid down
their arms. I would hold out to the people every
inducement to lay down their arms. I would ex-
tend to them as fast as I could the privilege of
enjoying all the blessings of this Government,
among the highest of which is that of represent-
ation.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I think Mr.
Segar is entitled to be sworn in. I know of no
difference between his case and that of the gentle-
man who has just been sworn in. The forms of
law have been observed, strictly observed; and
I repeat, this gentleman stands in precisely the
same position as Mr. Blair, who has just been
sworn in.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It seems to me,
Mr. Speaker, that there is no difficulty in disposing
of this question strictly in accordance with the
proceedings of the House and the law. I under-
stand that it is admitted on all bands that this
House has settled the question that they will rec-
ognize representation under the provisional gov-
ernment, as it is denominated, of Virginia—settled
it at the last session and settled it a few moments
since by the swearing in and admission of a gen-
tleman elected under that government, and who
now holds a seat upon this (loor. The question,
therefore, whether that government is to be rec-
ognized by its members here is not now before
the House, it having been settled by the action of
the House in two separate and distinct cases.
MESSAGE EKOM Till! SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
John W. Forney, Esq., its Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had appointed a
committee of three, consisting ot" Messrs. Hale,
Trombull, and Latham, to join such committee
as might be appointed by the House, to wait upon
the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of each House has assembled,
and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may desire to make.
CASE OF MB. SUGAR AGAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was remark-
ing, when I was interrupted, that the House hav-
ing settled the question that they will receive
Representatives elected under that foim of gov-
ernment known as the provisional government of
the State of Virginia, this case only differs from
the other one in this, that Mr. Segar was elected
from another district. His ease then stands pre-
cisely, on the presentation of these papers and of
the certificate of election,as the caseofany mem-
ber from any loyal State stands; and 1 under-
stand that it has not been the practice to object
to the admission of any member unless there is
some intimation of unfairness, or there is a con-
testant—some person claiming that the member
is not entitled to the seat. The House, then,
having settled the question of the right of repre-
sentation to that State, this gentleman comes here
with a certificate of election and presents it to this
body, and no man rises in his place claiming that
there is a contestant for the seat, or indicates that
there has been any unfairness or improper con-
duct in the management of the election; no news-
paper, I understand, charges that lie is not the in-
dividual whom the people of that district desire
to represent them. I say then, sir, that this gen-
tleman stands before this body presenting his
case precisely aa I presented my ease, and as
you, sir, presented your ease, when you took the
oath of office as n member of this body; anil un-
less some gentleman shall indicate that he is not
entitled to his seat by reason of there being an-
other elaimailt, or by reason of there having been
an unfair election, I, for one, am disposed to vote
that he be now sworn, and take his seat upon this
floor, I think that fair and just, and in accord-
ance with the long-established rules of proceeding
in this House; and I do hope and trust that if
there is a loyal man from that part of Virginia
representing a loyal constituency, though but
small, he will not be singled out and made an ex-
ception in the manner of his obtaining his seat
here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the motion
to refer upon the table; and upon that I demand
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What will be the effect
of that motion if it prevails? Will it not prevent
Mr. Segar from being sworn in? 1 suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he merely
call the previous question on the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
which is to refer the whole matter to the Commit-
tee of Elections. The House will thus be brought
to a vote upon the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think my motion will
have the same effect. I want this gentleman to be
sworn in at once.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair. If the previous question is
sustained, will not the effect of it be to bring us
to a vote first upon laying on the table, then on
the reference, and then upon the admission of
Mr. Segak to his seat? The previous question
does not exhaust itself on the motion to lay upon
the table; does it ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves to lay upon the table the motion
to refer, and demands the previous question. The
Chair thinks the demand for the previous ques-
tion is wholly unnecessary, as the motion to lay
upon the table is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What will be the po-
sition of the question if the motion to lay upon
the table shall prevail?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will dis-
pose of the whole subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And the member will
not be sworn m.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I now move the pre-
vious question on the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw it for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Certainly; if my friend
will renew it.
Mr. DAWES. I will do so. I wish to say
'that I have no desire at all to show any disrespect
either to the gentleman who presents himself here
or to so many of the loyal citizens of the first dis-
trict of Virginia as have honored him with their
votes; but 1 apprehend that before wo get through
with this subject, we shall find ourselves dealing
with a great principle which we are just at this
moment overlooking. How far we shall give
seats in this House to gentlemen who represent
more or less loyal citizens of these districts is a
matter that deserves some calm consideration at
the hands of this House. I desire—and that has
been the only reason why I have made this mo-
tion—that the House shall consider this subject
in all its bearings. A gentleman came here at the
last session with only fourteen votes cast for him;
another gentleman came here with less than that
number. We made a distinction at the last ses-
sion between those twogentlemen; I donotknow
upon what rule. It was my desire then that we
should adopt some rule that we could stand by.
I wish that the loyal citizens of every one of these
districts may have an opportunity to be repre-
sented, but 1 want to know whether the gentle-
man who comes here with these papers does rep-
resent the loyal voters of the district which he
assumes to represent. It is in accordance with
the rules of the House thatevery one of these cer-
tificates should be referred, in the first instance,
to the Committee of Elections; and it is only be-
cause no dispute arises and no question arises in
various cases of members presenting themselves
that it is not done. It is made the duty of the
Committee of Elections by the standing rules of
the House—with all these certificates in the fiist
instance referred to them—to examine into the
right of each member to his seat. It is, there-
fore, no departure from the rules of the House
that this matter should be referred to the com-
mittee.
I make this motion in view of the fact that there
are coming up here from these several districts
every day gentlemen proposing to represent these
districts. There were gentlemen who tried to
consult with the Committee of Elections at the
last session, beforehand, to know how much of an
election it was necessary for them to have before
they presented themselves, and whatsortof papers
the Committee of Elections would pass, so as to
get their evidence beforehand, and then go back
into those States. I do not want to see the seats
in this House thus trifled with. That is my only
purpose. I hope that if these matters are referred
to the Committee of Elections they will be enabled
to make a speedy report. I shall take the action
of the House in this case, so far as I am con-
cerned, as one member of the committee, as some-
thing of a test; and if the House are disposed to
admit members coming under these circumstances
without any investigation, I do not know why I
should further object. I desire to ascertain by
some sort of examination, before a gentleman is ad-
mitted here, whether he represents ten,twenty, or
a hundred voters, in a district where ten thousand
votes may be cast one way or the other. That is
the reason that has induced me to make this mo-
tion. I do think, sir, that it is a motion becoming
the subject and the magnitude of the principle in-
volved, and I hope it will prevail. I now renew
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; being first upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Dawes to refer the credentials of Mr.
Sf.gar to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMBERS SWORN IN.
Mr. LOOMIS. Hon. Ai.freb A. Burnham,
member elect from the third district of Connect-
icut, is present and desires to be sworn in.
Mr. Burnham appeared and qualified by taking
the usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. VERREE. My colleague, Colonel Bid-
dle, is present and desires to be qualified.
Mr. Biddle appeared and was sworn in.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. CALVERT presented the memorial of
Hon. S. F. Beach of the State of Virginia; which
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
DELEGATES QUALIFIED.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I ask that Hon. H. P. Bennett, Delegate
elect from the Territory of Colorado, be sworn
in.
No objection being made, Mr. Bennett was
duly qualified, and took his seat.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a question of privilege.
I ask that Hon. William H. Wallace, Delegate
elect from the Territory of Washington, be sworn
in.
No objection being made, Mr. Wallace was
duly qualified, and took his seat.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. COX presented the memorial of Le Grand
Byington, contesting the seat of Mr. Vande^er;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA MEMBER.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire to pre-
sent the credentials of Hon. F. F. Lowe, elected
as a third member from the State of California,
and move that they be referred to the Committee
of Elections. I desire to present these papers and
have them referred for the purpose of bringing up
and having settled the question whether Califor-
nia is entitled to two or three members upon this
floor.
CASE Or C. II. FOSTER.
Mr. DAWES presented certain papers having
reference to the right of C. H. Foster to a seat in
the House; which were referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
ORDER TO PRINT.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, it was
Ordered, That all the papers to-day referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections be printed.
