1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
from Iowa that when the army gets to Knoxville,
it is not, my expectation that it will stop there.
"When it reaches Knoxville, by those facilities
wluch we choose to furnish it, it will then have
access to almostevery part of the Atlantic coast—
to Beaufoit, North Carolina; to Charleston, by
way of the Virginia«and Tennessee railroad; and
to Richmond or Washington city. The army can
diverge in any direction from that point.
A Member. Unless the railroads arc destroyed.
Mr. MALLORY. If the railroads are destroyed,
they will have to be reconstructed.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman does not an-
swer my question at all. He does not assert that
there is direct railroad communication from Knox-
ville to the heart of. the Gulf States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly there is.
Mr. WILSON. And communication to the
Southwest?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. And to the Southeast?
Mr. MAYNA'RD. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. How many railroads center
in Knoxville?
Mr. MAYNARD. Simply one line of railroad
passes through the eastern portion of Tennessee,
which is the central part of the hour-glass from
whi''h the others diverge.
Mr. WILSON. And yet there is a large por-
tion of the country between the Mississippi river
and the Atlantic coast which is not at all supplied
with railroad facilities in connection with Knox-
ville. If the army is to penetrate that portion of
the country, you must, if the argument of neces-
sity hi? good for anything, continue this railway
in that direction.
Mr. AlAYNARD. At Knoxville you are in a
railroad com mum eat ion which articulates with
roads that open up the whole southern confeder-
acy of States.
Mr. WILSON. The railroad referred to by the
gentleman is one making east and west connec-
tions. The connection is not with the southern
States-by direct lines. Therefore I say that ifthe
argument of necessity made in favor of this meas-
ure is a good one, it wtU be just as good for a con-
tinuous railway to ihe Gulf as it is for a railroad
to Knoxville.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I raise the point of
order that the discussion of the practicability,
feasibility, and propriety of building a railroad
from Kentucky is not germane to the bill now
under considerat ion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is opposing the bill beeau.se he alleges that the
engineer coip* proposed to be raised would be
used in building railroads. The Chair does not
see how it can restiam debate.
Mr BLAHl, of Missouri. The question of
building railroads by ihe Government can furnish
no good uigument against the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no control
over the conclusiveness of the gentleman's argu-
ments.
Air. WILSON. My argument may not satisfy
the gentleman, or any other person. I am only
giving the reason why I pursue a certain course
in regard lo fins measure. Il is satisfactory to
me. Now, I say that those who have interrupted
me m the (ourse of my remark-* have not under-
taken to give tlie House any light whatever on
the principal question which 1 have put m regard
to this bill, and that is, whethei this force is to
be organized for the purpose of constructing that
raiiway fiom Nicholasville to Knoxville.
Air. AIALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
not persist in th'-se rematks.
Mr. WILSON ( decline to yield the floor.
Mi. AIALLORY. The gentleman made a
charg--, and I thought he should have allowed a
reply.
Mr. WILSON. The chairman of the Military
Committee says that no Department of the Gov-
ernment has asked for the passage of this bill. It
com< s from the Alihtaiy Committee, and is, I
think, although unintentional on their puit, only !
apart and parcel of the scheme by which this 1
railway is to he constructed. 1 have said all that :
I desne to say on this subject. I should only j
have occupied a few minutes had it not been for !
the mien upturns. 1
All'. SH/\.NKS. I wish to ask a question of
the chairman of the Aliiitaiy Committee. 1 find !
that the first section of the bill gives the President 1
authority to accept the service, or to select and
transfer from other regiments, a number of en-
gineer volunteers, in the proportion of one com-
pany to each brigade. I find in the second sec-
tion an arrangement designating the officers for a
regiment. Now I wish to know, if these compa-
nies are to be raised for the purpose of being di-
vided among brigades, how can one set of regi-
mental officers discharge the duties belonging to
their commissions?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will remark to the
gentleman from Indiana, that the language em-
ployed in this bill is that which is ordinarily or
generally employed when speaking of cavalry, ar-
tillery, or engineer forces. It is so much in pro-
portion to the infantry, or to a brigade. It is not
intended by this bill that every brigade shall have
one company of engineers assigned to go with it
any more than it is intended that every brigade
shall have a squadron of cavalry, whether they
want it or not; or any more than it is intended
that each brigade shall have a certain amount of
artillery, whether they want it or not. They are
to be employed at any point where the wants of
the service require them. That is the intention
of the bill; and it only speaks of the proportion
of engineers that may be mustered into service to
the whole number of troops in service, for the
purpose of maintaining a proper balance.
Air. WILSON. I wish to state, in conclusion,
that 1 have no disposition whatever to oppose any
measure which is necessary to the prosecution of
this war. I have invariably voted for all the
money that has been recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans, and I hold myself
ready to do so in future. I shall also vote for all
the men who are necessary for that purpose. But
I have no infoimation from any Department that
this organization is necessary or asked for. Nay,
sir, I will go further than that; if I was convinced
that the construction of this road was a military
necessity, and such a necessity that the Govern-
ment could not carry on its operations without it,
I should not oppose it. But I am satisfied that the
operations of the Government can he carried on
without it, because our armies have already pene-
trated the rebel States without the aid of such con-
veniences. In my judgment the construction of
the road on tin; puit of the Government is really to
result in the benefit of the citizens of those regions
through which the road is to pass, and them alone,
because the time required, as I have aheady re-
marked, for Us construction, will extend beyond
the time when I hope this rebellion will have been
brought to a close.
Now sir, I am satisfied further, from what has
been said by various gentlemen who have inter-
rupted me, that there is something m this bill
which should be thoiou^hly investigated, and 1
therefore move that (he bill be re fen ed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the. Union.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is that motion debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Air. WILSON. I intended to finish my re-
marks by calling the previous question. I will,
however, not do so, if the gentleman from Illinois
will call it when he has finished his icmarks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I Will. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I suppose 1 shall not be thought surehaiged with
affection for the border States, oi be supposed to
favor any measure which looks to the advance-
ment of any peculiar nituiest of theirs at the ex-
pense of the country, by anything I may say upon
this bill. But it does strike me—while 1 know
nothing about the connection of this bill with the
uulroad spoken of—that it may be desirable that
siu h a road should be built for a shortei or Iongei
distance, precisely as it is d< sirahle. in my view,
that railroads should he built m tins eit£ and rail-
road bridgi s to cross the Potomac, for the reason
that it is much cheaper to build railroads, when
you have the men to do it, for the transportation
of troops, supplies, and munitions of war, than it
is to tianspoi t them by wagons. And while i know
nothing about the circumstances in reference to
the road whuh the gentleman from Iowa says the
Government hav< contacted to build, 1 can easily
conceive that it would be cheaper to build por-
tions of this i oad for the mere purpose of the trans-
portation required by the Govei imiont during the
j war, than to undertake to cairy on that transpoi-
i tation by the slow processof wagons. And m this
; case it might be pecuhaily desirable to build this
I road, and cheaper, for the additional reason thai
when the war has closed the Government will, I
suppose, sell it precisely as they contemplate sell-
ing the horses, mules, wagons, and other things
which have been purchased only for the purposes
of the war.
Mr. MALLORY. I was about to state, ifthe
gentleman had not done it, that that is precisely
the casp. I think information could be furnished
by the&uartermaster General 'sdepurtment which
would satisfy the gentleman and the House that
it would be a matter of economy for the Govern-
ment to build this road, and that the cost which
has already been incurred for transportation in
that portion of Kentucky has swelled to more than
the cost of the construction of this railroad.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I supposed that might be the
case, and 1 have no doubt there is a disposition
upon the part of the House, if the President and
Secretary of War state the construction of that
road to be necessary, to vote any amount of means
required for the accomplishment of that purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I will mention another thing,
that he may have it in mind in the remarks he is
making. 1 will state that before the assembling
of the present session of Congress the President
had become so well satisfied, that in order to carry
on the operations of the Government in Kentucky
and Tennessee this road would be a necessity for
the transportation of troops, supplies, and muni-
tions of war, that in his annual message you will
find he recommended the construction of this very
road as a military necessity—not that I under-
stand a military necessity in the same light as
represented by the gentleman from Iowa. He
seems to understand, by the expression, that the
i oad must be an absolute necessity, without which
the army could not move at all.
Air. WILSON". Not at all.
Mr. MALLORY. No such military necessity
as that existed; but the testimony is clear and
explicit that the construction ofsuch a road would
facilitate the transportation of troops and supplies,
and cheapen the cost to the Government of the
military operations in that quarter.
Mr. WILSON. Let me make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Kentucky. I understand that
a bill was introduced early in the session for the
construction of this road. I understand that it
was referred to a committee, but that that com-
mittee has not yet become convinced of the ne-
cessity of reporting the bill back to the House
with a favorable recommendation.
Air. MALLORY. I will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that that matter has been acted on,and
that I have been instructed unanimously, as chair-
man of the committee, to report the bill to the
House, which I am ready to do whenever I have
an opportunity.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not contemplate occu-
pying the time of the House but for a moment.
These thoughts suggested themselves to me as the
possible solution of the difficulty which the gentle-
man Irorn Iowa seems to labor under. If the con-
struction of this load be not an absolute necessity,
yet we all know how much the operations of the
Government are facilitated by the means of rail-
road tiansportation; and whether the construc-
tion of such a road shall turn out a matter of
economy to the Government, will depend very
much upon the length or shoitness of the war.
Air. TRIMBLE. Have we not at present a
lailroad connection with Knoxville, Tennessee,
by way of Nashville, as well as by way of Mem-
phis?
Air. LOVEJOY. So far as that is concerned,
1 have not investigated the matter. I simply men-
tion this as a general idea that these roads are ne-
cessary, and that sometimes they may be con-
st i ucted by the Government with economy, as they
have been here in this city. I do not profess to
have investigated this particular case or to know
the facts in reference to it. But, if the President
and Secretary of War, and those who have the
responsibility of the administration of the Gov-
ernmentand of eai rying on the war say they need
this road, 1 should be disposed to vote for it.
Air. TROW BR IDGE. I have before me Lloyd's
American Railroad Map,m winch I see there is a
paiallel road, about three fourths of which we
have in oui possession. Theie is a road from
Louisville to Nashville, at which latter place con-
nection is made with an east and west line running
to Knoxville. Gentlemen can therefore see for
