1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THANKS TO COMMODORE WILKES.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to Captain Wilkes, of the United States
Navy.
The joint resolution was read. It declares that
the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby
tendered, to Captain Wilkes, of the United States
Navy, for his brave, adroit, and patriotic conduct
in the arrest and detention of the traitors James
M. Mason and John Slidell.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. EDGERTON offered to amend the reso-
lution, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert as fol-
lows :
That tlx' President of the United States be requested to
present to Captain Charles Wilkes a gold medal, with suit-
able emblem* and devices, in testimony of the high sense
entertained by Congteas of bis good conduct in piomptly
arresting tlie rebel embassadors James 31. Mason and Jolm
fiideil.
Mr. EDGERTON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. TRAIN. Would it be in order to move
to icfer the subject to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs?
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered, such a motion would not be in
order at this time.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time;and beingengrosscd,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORAGE CONTRACTS.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be requested to
furnish to this House copies ol all contiacts made by the
quarterma&tei'.s department for feeding disabled horses
during the winter, stating the terms of tiiese contracts, the
names of the contractor, the number of horses given out,
and whether these contracts were made upon public notice.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
EXPCLSION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a question
of privilege. I propose to submit a resolution for
the expulsion from the House of Representatives
of John W. Reid, now in arms against the Uni-
ted States. So many new members are coming
m, I think it would be as well to get rid of one or
two. [Laughter.] I submit the following:
Resolved, That John W. Reid, a member of the House
of Representatives Jiomthe tilth distuctofthe State of
Missouri, having taken up arms against the United States,
is hereby cxp< lied fiom the Ilou&e, and the Speaker of the
Hou«e is required to notify the Governor of Missouri of the
fact.
The resolution was received and adopted.
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. I now call for the
regular order of business.
INCARCERATION OF EX-SENATOR MASON.
Mr. COLFAX. I have a resolution which I
desire to present, and if it be necessary, I will
move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that as
the regular order of business is called for, an hour
must be occupied in the call of the States for bills
and resolutions.
Mr. COLFAX. That applies to the hour com-
mencing at twelve o'clock, which has already
expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
rule to be read
The Clerk read the 130th rule, as follows:
" All the States and Territoiie* shall be called foi billy on
leave and resolution^on each alternate Monday dmmg each
sexton of Conirress; and, il nece?«saryto secure the object
on s>aid day^, all le^olutio'iis which t-hail give use to debate
"hall lie nv t/i foi discission, under the iule< of the iioi^e
aheady established; and the whole of ?-aid days shall be |
appiopnated to bills on leave and i evolution**, until all the {
Mate*, and Ten irories aie called through. And the Speakei
tdmll lii-M eail the ^tate- and Terntoiu s for bills on leave;
and all bills vo introduced dining the fust hour after the
Journal is lead .-hall be  efcrred, without debate, to then
appropriate committees: Provided, however. That a bill so
introduced and leferred shall not be brought back into the
House upon a motion to rcconsider."
The SPEAKER. The rule applies to the hour
after reading the Journal; and as there was no
Journal to read this morning, the Chair will.de-
cide that the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
to suspend the rules, is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no desire
to press my demand. My only object in calling
for the regular order of business was to give us
all an opportunity to introduce our propositions.
No objection being made,
Mr. COLFAX then introduced the following
resolution:
Whereas Colonel Michael Corcoran, who was taken pris-
oner on the battle-field of Manassas, has, after suffering
other indignities, been confined by the rebel authorities in
the cell of a convicted felon : Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to similarly confine James M. Mason, late of Vir-
ginia, now in custody at Fort Warren, until Colonel Cor-
coran shall be treated as all the piisoners of war, taken by
the United States on the battle-field, have been treated.
Mr. COLFAXdemanded the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALL OF STATES.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call the States
for the introduction of bills on leave, and resolu-
tions.
CONDUCT OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. ELIOT presented the following joint res-
olution; which was read a first and second time:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United State? of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled, 1.
That in behalf of the people ofthe.se States, we do again sol-
emnly declare that the war in which we are encased against
the insurgent bodies now in arms against the Government
has tor its object the suppression of such rebellion and the
reestablishment of the iightful authority of the intionai
Constitution and laws ovei the entire extent of our com-
mon country: 2. That while we disclaim all power under
the Constitution to Interfere by ordinary legislation with
the institutions of the several State*, yet the wai now ex-
isting must be conducted accoiding to the oidmary usages
and fights of inilitaiv service, and that during its continu-
ance the iccogmzed authority of the maxim that the safety
of the State is the highest law, subordinates lights of prop-
erty and dominates over civil relations: 3. Thattherefoie
we do hereby dcclaie that, in our judgment, the President
of the United State*, as the commander-in-chief ot our
Army, and the officers in command under him, have the
right to emancipate all persons held as slaves in any mili-
tary district in a state ot insuriection against the national
Government, and that we respectfully advise that such or-
der ofemancipation be issued whenevci the same will avail
to weaken the power of the rebels m aims, or to strengthen
the military power of the loyal foices.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to de-
bate that resolution.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous question
upon its passage.
Mr. DUNN. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am willing to
withdraw my objection, if we can have a vote
upon the resolution by yeas and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to u point of or-
der. There has been so much confusion that it
is difficult to know what has been done with the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Do I understand it has been received ?
The SPEAKER. It has been received under
the call of the States for bills and resolutions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What was the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana?
Mr. DUNN. I moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to say only one word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 70; as follows:
YE \S— Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Daily, Biddle,
Franci- P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Rumham, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Cobb, Conway, Coining. Co\. Cun ens, Delano, Dun-
l.ip, Dunn, Fouke, llaight, Hauling., Hariison, Holman,
I lot ton, William Kellogg, Law, Lazoar, Leary, Lehman,
MePhei:<on, Majnard/^Mav, Menztes-, Mom>, Noble,
Noell, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Alexander II. Rice,
Richardson, Kobinson, Sheffield, Sine], Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin l'\ Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Upton, Vallandigham, Verree, Ward, Chilton A.
White, and Woodruff—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Benmaii, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blakey Buffinton, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Davis, Dawes,
DueSl, Edgerton, Edwatd=, Eliot, Fesscriden, Franehot,
Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, Hickman, Hooper,
I-Iutchins, Julian, Kelley, Lansing, Looinis, Lovejoy, Mc-
Kean, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Pat-
ton, T. G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John H.
Rice, Riddle, Edward II. .Rollins, Sargeant, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding,. Stevens,
Trowbridge, Van Ilom, Van Vaikenburgh, Van Wyck,
Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Wash-
burne, Wheeler, Wilson, and Worcester—-70.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
During the call of the roll—
Mr. CONWAY asked leave to explain his vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. CONWAY voted in the affirmative—to lay
upon the table.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question recurred on seconding thedemand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What will be the condi-
tion of the resolution if the call for the previous
question be not seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It will then go over.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Must I demand a
division of the resolution at this time?
The SPEAKER. That can be done under the
new rules, at any time before the vote is taken on
the resolution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion, in order to permit me to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I object to any arrangement of that
kind.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will state what
it. is that I propose to do.
The SPEAKER. Debate wiif carry the reso-
lution over.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I only desire to
state my amendment. I propose to amend the
third clause of the resolution by inserting about
three words. The resolution, as it now reads,
applies the language to persons held as slaves in
military districts by all persons whatsoever. The
purpose of my amendment is to confine it to slaves
held by disloyal citizens. 1 move to insert the
words I have indicated.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a point of
order. The amendment is in the nature of debate,
and therefore the resolution must go over.
The SPEAKER. An amendment to the reso-
lution is in order: but any explanation in the
nature of debate will carry the resolution over.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I think the
resolution has already gone over.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question to accept the amendment, as a
modification of the resolution, and then renew
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ There is already
an act passed at the extra session on that subjcct,
and almost in the same language,
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to tat the resolution go over,
and be made the special order for some future
day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope that will
be done.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution ought to be
open for consideration and for amendment. I am
in favor of the mam features of this proposition;
but I cannot vote for it as it now stands.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the gentleman
from Massachusetts will withdraw his demand
for the previous question, and move to postpone
the consideration of the subject till some future
day.
Mr. ELIOT. I am prepared to vote upon the
resolution as it now stands. It seems to me that
it is right. But, sir, I am called upon by various
gentlemen to yield the floor in order that its further
consideration may be postponed. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question for that pur-
pose .
