1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2947
tions of the parties themselves, through the jailor,
to come into court.
Question. They would be brought into court?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And he would discharge them on
their taking the oath of allegiance and enlisting in
the rebel army?
Answer. Yes, sir; that was done in several in-
stances.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by one of
my associate managers—lam not advised whether
anything of that sort was in your knowledge—tu
ask whether any persons were executed by either
of these authorities, cooperating there in the name
of the confederate States of America, by reason of
their alleged disloyalty to that confederacy.
Answer. I know nothing of that sort of my own
knowledge in oursection of country, middle Ten-
nessee.
Mr. BINGHAM. We are through with this
witness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no Senator
desires to propound an interrogatory to the wit-
ness, the witness can retire.
John U. Smith called, sworn, and examined by
Mr. Bingham:
Question. State to the Court, if you please, your
residence and occupation.
Answer. My residence is in the city of Nash-
ville-, occupation a lawyer.
Question. State whether you are acquainted
with West H. Humphreys, judge of the district
court of the United States for Tennessee.
Ansioer. Yes, sir; 1 have known him forfifteen
or twenty years.
Question. State if you practiced before him when
he exercised the office of judge of theUnited.States
for that district in Tennessee.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And knew him to exercise the duties
of the officc?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. State whether he has held any court
for the United States in the State of Tennessee, in
either of its districts, since the April term, 1861.
Answer. He has not.
Question. I am instructed by one of my asso-
ciates, befoie proceeding further, to ask you now
whether there was any act of secession, called an
ordinance of secession, got up in the State of
Tennessee?
Answer. Yes, sir; there was.
Question. By what body was that originated ?
Answer. By the Legislature of the State.
Question. When was it acted on before the
people?
Answer. I think it was on the 8th of June, 1861.
Question. You say he has held no United States
court since that act was adopted, nor for two
months before it5
Answer. No, sir.
Question. What do you know, if anything, of
West H. Humphreys's participating in any pub-
lic meeting previous to the action of the Legislature
for secession, in.Nashville, upon the question of
seceding from the Government of the United
States and joining the revolt?
Answer. 1 think on the 29th day of December,
I860 
Question. State whether you arccertain as to
the date.
Answer. It was the last Saturday in December,
1860.
Question. And you think it was the 29th day
of December, 1860 ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Very well; what took place?
Answer. There was a public meeting in the
county of Davidson, in the city of Nashville, Ten-
nessee, called by citizens for the purpose of taking
into consideration the political condition of the
country. I attended the meeting. There wete two
parties m that meeting—a secession party and a
Union party. The secessionists who attended the
meeting had West H. Humphreys there as one of
their spokesmen, and he made a secession speech
upon that occasion.
Question. Who did ?
Answer. West H. Humphreys.
Question. Well, sir?
Ansioer. He was interrupted during his speech
by Governor Foote.
Question. Formei ly a Senator from Mississippi?
Answer. Yes, sir. Governor Foote was then a
Union man. He was interrogated how he could,
consistently with his oath as a judge of a court of
the United States, make the remarks he had; which,
in their tendencies, were to excite rebellion against
the Government of the United States.
Question. What was his reply ?
Answer. His reply was general in its character.
There was a good deal of confusion, and he went
on and finished his speech without making, ac-
cording to my recollection, any particular reply
to the interrogatory of Governor Foote.
Question. State, if you please, to the Court what
he said, if anything on that occasion in his public
speech touching the right of the people to secede
from the authority of the Federal Government.
Answer. He said that they had the right to se-
cede, and used arguments in favor of their seced-
ing.
Question. What did he say on the subject of a
conflict at arms between them and the Federal
Government in that speech?
Answer. I do not recollect particularly of his
saying anything on that point; but the tendencies
of the speech were to bring about that result.
Question. Did you have any conversations with
him after this meeting on the subject of secession?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When theordinance waspendingbe-
fore the people, or before the Legislature, did you
have any conversations with him?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What was the tenor of his conversa-
tion on that subject? Was he for or against?
Answer. In favor of secession.
Question. What was said then, if anything, be-
tween you and him, and by him, on the subject
of resisting the authority of the Government of
the United States by force of arms?
Answer. 1 do not recollect, particularly, the very
words that he used in any conversation. I had
divers conversations with him on that subject.
Question. State the substance of what he said
on that subject, for or against that mode of pro-
ceeding.
Answer. The substance was, that he was in favor
of the State of Tennessee seceding from the Union;
he believed in secession as aright, and he believed
in the people of Tennessee exercising that right,
under the circumstances that surrounded them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe that is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator desire to propound a question to this witness?
If not, he can retire.
H. G. Scovil called, sworn, and examined by
Mr. Bingham:
Question. You will state to the Court where you
reside ?
Answer. At Nashville, Tennessee.
Question. State to the Court whether you area
citizen of the United States?
Answer. I am.
Question. State to the Court anythingyou know
of the conduct of West PI. Humphreys, officia-
ting as judge of the district court of the confed-
erate States at Nashville, in 1861.
Answer. Some time in the month ofOctober 
Question. Make it brief. State whether you
were arrested in 1861, and by whose authority or
order.
Answer. I had a warrant served upon me some-
time in the month of October, 1861, emanating
from the so-called great court of the confederate
States of America, to appear before0 jdge Hum-
phreys upon a charge of sedition and rebellion.
Question. Against what authority?
Answer. Against the confederate States of Amer-
ica, by giving aid and comfort to the citizens of
the United States, and having said that the stars
and stripes would float over the capital of the State
of Tennessee, and over all the capitals of the se-
ceded States in some sixty or ninety days.
Question. That was your offense?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you arrested ?
Ansioer. 1 was arrested.
Question. Before whom was you brought?
Answer. Before Judge Humphreys.
Question. What did he say, and what did he do
with you ?
Answer. The evidence was that I had made
statements of that kind; that I had given aid and
comfort to t]ie citizens of the United States, and
had said that the stars and stripes would float over
the capital of the State of Tennessee in some sixty
or ninety days, and over the capitals of all the se-
ceded States. The testimony was that I had said
that I would give half or all that I possessed to
restore the Government of the United States; that
I sympathized with the Federal Army; and that
1 was opposed to the confederate army; that I was
hostile to the confederate army; that I was a dan-
gerous man 
Question. That is what the judge said, you say?
Answer. Yes,sir; thatloughtto move from that
country, as thousands of others had. He decided
that I was not an alien enemy; that it was not in
the jurisdiction of his court to either expatriate
me, fine me, or imprison me; but that he would
place me under heavy bonds, inasmuch as I was a
dangerous man and sympathized with the United
States and with the Federal Army, and had been
uttering treasonable and seditious language hostile
to the southern confederacy.
Question. State whether you executed a bond
or not.
Answer. Yes, sir; I did.
Question. In what sum?
Answer. The amount of $10,000.
Question. Conditioned for your obeying the laws
of the confederacy?  
Answer. Yes, sir; and upon my informing him
of a conversation that I had with a judge in the
city of Nashville, who informed me, just after my
arrest, that I had not said anything more than he
had said a thousand times, he seemed to be very
much offended. Said he, " Inform me of the name
of that party, and 1 will have him arrested in
twenty-four hours."
Question. What was it you said the judge had
said for which he would have him arrested? Did
you tell him what the judge had said?
Ansioer. I informed Judge Humphreys on his
bench that one of the prominent lawyers in the
city had made this remark to me, on one of the
streets of Nashville, that I had not said anything
more than what he had said a thousand times.
Judge Humphreys seemed to be very much of-
fended at that; and, said he, " Inform me of the
name of that party, and I will have him arrested
in twenty-four hours;" and, said he, " Sir, 1 think
of increasing your bail to $20,000."
Question. I am instructed to ask you if you
know anything about citizens being brought be-
fore that court under the guard of soldiers of the
confederacy ?
Answer. No, sir. I had been made so promi-
nent by my arrest that I kept away from the cap-
ital, being threatened with death in a variety of
ways.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President,we are through
with the witness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless some
Senator desires to propound questions to him, the
witness may retire.
William G. Brownlow called, sworn, and
examined by Mr. Bingham:
Question. You will state to the Court your res-
idence.
Answer. Well, sir, when I am at home, I reside
in ICnoxville, East Tennessee.
Question. Stu te to the Court if you are acquainted
with West H. Humphreys. *
Answer. I know him very well; I have known
him about twenty years.
Question. State if you know anything touching
the examination before him, as judge of the court
of the confederate States of America, at Knox-
ville, of a Mr. Perez Dickinson.
Answer. I stepped into the court-house at the
time Mr. Dickinson was on trial; stood far back
in the court-room as a silent observer of things;
did not remain long, and did not hear much of the
examination. Mr. Dickinson made a short speech,
in which he defended himself. I understood him
to decline taking the oath of allegiance to the con-
federacy that was proposed. He was very much
affected, and shed tears. The agreement was that
he was to go out of the country, and he packed up
his trunk with a view to leave if they would let him
off, and leave his property,I think making some
disposition of it.
Question. What was he charged with ?
Answer. Well,sir, being a Union man; being a
stubborn, unyielding Union man; a man refusing
to surrender—-—[Manifestations of applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order!
Question. Was he a man of property?
