1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
resorted to here, at least, however it might be else-
where. It would nut make much difference if the
road was built on bonds, and they distributed the
stock; because, if they did that, they would have
to pay the stock. If they pay bonds, they get
so much more of stock, and if they do not, they
get so much less.
Mr. MORRILL. I think there arc one or two
facts that should be considered in connection with
this motion. It will be seen by the twenty-first
section that all the corporate rights of this com-
pany are to depend upon the performance of cer-
tain things within a given time. They arc to
build, equip, finish, and complete this road every
way in its main track and its branches within a
given time. If they fail to do it, all the corporate
rights are forfeited. Now, they certainly ought
to have capital enough to accomplish thatpui-
pose; and the time limited for the performance of
the whole of it is such as would haidly give them an
opportunity to come to Congress for relief, should
it be found not to be enough. How that fact is,
I do not know. 1 do not know whether $300,000
is sufficient to build it. If it is sufficient, f can
hardly conceive why the corporators should want
more. It may be that there are some speculative
considerations in regard to it as suggested by Sen-
ators; but I hardly think that could be the motive.
At any rate, tho only question which bears atjill
upon my mind is, whether we have any evidence,
as to the expense of the road, that $300,000 will
be enough. In the former bill from the House,
the capital stock was fixed at $300,000; but it did
not require the corporators to build positively
more than half as much as they uie now required
to build. 1 am free to say that I have no decided
opinion upon this subject. It seems to me the
only consideration which should weigh upon us
is, whether we are sure that $300,000 will buiid
the road. If so, then there is no necessity, of
course, for this increase of the capital stock. Be-
yond that, I cannot conceive that it could be a
matter of much importance to the corporaiois. I
do not feel that there would be any particular mis-
chief coming from an increase of the capital stock.
Still, there is no argument for it except one of
necessity. .
I want to say one word in regard to a remark
that has fallen from the Senator trom Kansas. I
do not think it necessary to ascribe to any per-
sons who desire to getinto this road any improper
motives. Names have been suggested this morn-
ing by Senators under circumstances which it
would seem to me would repel the idea of im-
proper motives. It undoubtedly is true that foi
some reason or other a great many persons de&ue
to be connected with the construction of a railroad
here; I suppose, for the pecuniary advantage that
may be derived from it. The road is a legitimate
enterprise, and it is perfectly legitimate, perfectly
proper, and perfectly in harmony with good mo-
tives and sense of propriety, and is laudable in
itself for business men to desire to be connected
with it; and I hardly think it becomes us to asperse
the motives of any who volunteer in an enterprise
of this character. I do not think it necessary.
Last of all, and least of ail, do I think that Senators
should be suspected of any desire to aid persons
who thus wish to connect themselves with theen-
terprise; On the whole, sir, i am not strenuous
as to the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire. I believe I shall vote for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say that 1
understood, either from the chairman of the com-
mittee or the Senator from Maine, that if any or
the corporators that were put in the bill by the
House were not retained in'the bill, it could not
pass the House of Representatives. Thatiemark
suggested to me at once, as I suppose it did to
other Senators, that there must bo something in
it if one set of coi porators are better than another.
Tlie committee are sure that the corporators can
make no money out of it; and yet for some rea-
son, if these particular identical persons are not
retained in the bill, we are told it cannot pass the
House. Then they have added another list ofjust
about the same number of particular persons, ana
if they are not put 111, it cannot pass the Senate.
I do not know of any importance that attaches to
it but the committee have made this point, and it
naturally led me to think there was somctmngin
it I hope, however, I have not imputed any im-
proper motives to anybody; but I must say the
committee themselves, for some reason, I do not
know what, made the impression on my mind that
a particular set of corporators must be made to
satisfy the House, and they have added an equal
number, which doubles the original number. I
supposed there was some good reason for it, and
I think even now that there is.
Mr. MOIIIIILL. If the Senator will allow me,
I would suggest to him that all that part of the
argument o"r suggestion coming from the commit-
tee to which he alludes was made after he made
his speech.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; before.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; it was in reply to you.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as I know, I believe
that nothing occurred in regard to these corpora-
tors excepfsuch as ordinarily occurs on the sim-
plest suggestion in the world. According to the
construcuon of this bill, it is rendered quite Un-
important who are the corporators in the estima-
tion of the committee. But the bill was sent to
us wiih ceitain corpoiators, and I dare say it was
suggested, or if not suggested, I think it would be
a veiy ready inference, that the House might feel
disposed to retain the corporators mentioned in
ils own bill. To avoid any feeling or any collision
between the two branches, it was therefore sug-
gested to allow the corporators to remain and add
others such as gentlemen might suggest; add to or
strike out, just as gentlemen had a fancy . When
we a dded a name, it should suggest no inference
for a desne to do any extraordinary thing, and
when a gentleman's name is stricken out ot this
bill, it is a matter of no consequence at all, be-
cause it implies nothing. Nothing should be in-
ferred against it because we strike it out.
Mr. WADE. 1 was a member of this com-
mittee, and I hope no member of the committee
will argue such an insinuation as has been made
against the committee by the Senator from Kan-
sas. I can meet it only with contempt. If that
Senator had looked at the bill and understood it,
he would have known perfectly well that a cor-
porator had no advantage over anybodyelse.and
could not have. Why, then, stand here to make
insinuations against the committee, as though they
had some improper motive in it, and persist in It
after it has been disclaimed ? I hope, sir, no mem-
ber of that committee will answer to such an in-
sinuation.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts propose to modify his
amendment at the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine!
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator bo good enough to suggest it as it stands
now: ,
Mr. HALE. It is to amend the tenth section
as it now stands, by striking out" ^300,000, and
inserting 14 not less than ^300,000 nor more than
8500,000."
Mr. WRIGHT. The question is on increasing
the stock, as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, sir, I shall voteagainst
that proposition and against this bill. I do not
desire to reflect on the committee, as my friend
from Ohio lemarked; butthere is something very
strange about this bill. A bill passed this body
for a railroad here, incorporating seven citizens,
I believe, of this city; a very short bill. It went
to the House, and there thirteen incorporators
were inserted. It has come back here, and I be-
lieve we have now made the number twenty-eighty
It may be there is no advantage in being one ot
these cot porators; but people seem to be very
anxious to be corpoiators. I want to impress the
Senate with one fact: this is all wrong; the whole
thin"' is wrong; and we can change it in five min-
utes, and put the bill in such a position as to get
lid of all this difficulty, if we have learned any-
thing from our experience m our own States.
There is no reason in the world why we must have
a special charterfora railroad in "Washington. A
general law can be reported here to-monow morn-
ino-; and if half a dozen companies want to organ-
; ize, they can do so,and they will know just where
! they are wanted. I fear that in the desire ot the
! Senate to pass a bill for a railroad in this city,
i they are apt to overlook the difficulties which wiil
' follow from it. Every year we shaii have prop-
! ositions of amendment to these charters coming m
here; and I suppose, in a little while, we shall not
1 have a church built here until you have an organ-
ization under a charter. Why, sir, in tho State
that I have the honor in part to represent, we have
no such bills as special charters for raih'oads. We
have a general law that covers the whole subject,
and thoy are all required -to organize under the
general law. What is there about this thatshould
require a special charter? • _
Sir, the most astonishing; thing to me is the fact
that the Senate lias stricken out the section to
make this company pay three per cent, to,thecor-
porationsof Wash ing ton and Georgetown. There
must be " some money in this." Has the Senate
forgot the memorial I introduced the other'day
from Mr. Brock, a gentleman who has built more
city\ailroads than any man in the United States?
He offers to give a mortgage of $1,000,000 a year,
as security, if you will give him this charter, to
pay $10,000 a year to these corporations. Is all
this to be overlooked? Somebody must coin
money out of it. There is Mr. Brock's memorial,
a gentleman of the highest characterand the high-
est integrity.
I shall at the proper time move to refer this bill
to a committee, or to get it in some position in
which the Senate, instead of being worried here
day after day with a little charter for a city rail- -
road, may pass a general law, under which these
people can organize into one, two, or three roads,
or a dozen roads, and protection be given them
under the law, and those who regulate it will
have the benefit. I am opposed to this bill, and
I think it has taken up too much time already.
The fact that the number of corporators has.gone
up from thirteen, as it was in the House bill, to
twenty-eight, satisfies me that there is a good deal
of money in this thing. It cannot be that this
bill is urged from the mere desire to build this
road as quick as possible, because Mr. Brock pro-
poses to give you security that in sixty days the
cars will run from hero to the President's House,
and in sixty days more run on a railroad from
the navy-yard to the city of Georgetown. I do
not know that his proposition is the bestone; but
here you have stricken out the three per cent,
which was to be paid to*the corporations of the
two cities, and 1 think it is time to make a gen-
eral law on the subject. If we do not do that, I
suppose every church, eveiy masonic hall to be
built here hereafter must havea charter,and take
up our time, as it has been taken up to-day about
this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
been struggling for several yeais to get a city
railroad built here. It is for the interest of the
city, for the interest of strangers, and for the in-
terest of the Government. 1 care but little who
has the building of the road, or who makes money
out of it, if wo only have a load built, and built
promptly, and on correct pi inciples. I hardly think
the suggestion made by the Senator from Indiana
of a general law governing railroads applicable
to this city. I think at any rate Congress should
know when a railroad is to be built in this capital,
and have some control over it. 1 am opposed,
however, to this increase of the capital stock. 1
do not believe it is necessary to have more than
the amount mentioned in the bill. Here is a road
of about fourteen miles. ■
Mr. GRIMES. About seven miles, and adouble
track, making it fourteen.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Seven miles
with a double track. 1 supposed it was to be a
double track in these broad streets, and therefore
would be about fourteen miles. But, sir, I want
to say that, in my judgment, this amount of cap-
ital stock, $300,0U0, is abundant for that P >'P°se;
and I am opposed to the provision of tins bill that
allows them to borrow money and issue bonds,
and I shall move to strike it out. In my judg-
ment, this railroad would be worth to any man
seventy-five or one hundred thousand dollars. I
is a good piece of property. There is no doubt
about it. Any quantity of men are seeking the
nrivilere of talcing the stock. Let them put their
money'in it, then, and not make it a stock-jobbing
affair I am opposed to the increase of the stock,
and I shall move to strike out so much of the
twelfth section of the bill as allows them to issue
their bonds. One of the greatest curses ever in-
flicted upon this country has been the policy of
State governments allowing railroads to borrow
money and issue bonds. It has made the lail-
roads of the country cost nearly fifty per cent,
more than they would have cost had they been
