6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
Tuesday of next week at one o'clock; and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I offer the following res-
olution,and move thatits further consideration be
postponed until the same time as the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot:]
Resolved, That in legislating to meet the exigencies of
the present rebellion, Congress should confiscate the prop-
erly, slaves included, of all rebels, and protect the pi opeity
and lights, under the Constitution and laws, of all loyal
citizens.
The resolution was received, and its further
consideration postponed as indicated.
Mr. STEVENS. I have a resolution on the
same subject, which I offer, and ask that it bo
postponed till Tuesday of next week.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Wheieas slavery has caused the present rebellion in
the United States; and whereas there can be no solid and
peimanent peacc and union in this Republic so Juntas
that institution exists within it; and vvheieas slaves are
now used by the rebels as an essential means of support-
ing and piotractiug the war; and whereas by the law of
nations it ia risrlit to hbciatc the slaves of an enemy to
weaken his power: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled. That
the Piesident bo requested to declare free, and to dueetall
of our generals and officers m command to order freedom
to all slaves who shall leave their masters, or who shall aid
in quelling this icbcllion.
Brr\ 2. Jlnd be it further rewired, 7'hat the United States
pledge the faith of the Union to make full and faircompen-
t-ation to all loyal citizens who are and shall remain active
in suppoiting the Union foi all the I03S they may sustain
by virtue of this act.
The resolution was received, and its further
consideration postponed until Tuesday of next
week.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all of the propo-
sitions on the subject of the confiscation of rebel
property which liave been offered this morning
be ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, the committee
appointed on the part of the House, together with
a similar committee appointed on the "part of the
Senate to wait upon thePresidentand informhim
that Congress was reassembled and ready to pro-
ceed with the business of the session, have dis-
charged that duty, and the President has requested
them to state that he will communicate with the
two Houses to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
POUTS OF ENTRY.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill to repeal certain laws creating ports of entry;
and to move that it be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mi. WASHBURNE. I object; unless it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STEVENS. One of these bills was re-
ferred to that committee last session and smoth-
ered there.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to the bill.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Pennsylvania give notice of the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. Not until to-day.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, it
cannot be received. The call is for bills and res-
olutionsof which previous notice has been given.
Mr, WASHHURNE. I do not object to the
bill. I only object to the reference of the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
DIRECT MILITARY ROAD TO "WASHINGTON.
Mi. McPHERSON. I offer the following
resolution:
Whereas* the want of moie complete raihoad facilities
nortlnvaid of Wa^hmston K keenly felt: Thriefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Affairs he re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of constructing an
Mii-liu.} railroad from Washington city, via Gctty&bmg, to
Ilarri^buig, Pennsylvania.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to strike out
the words " via Gettysburg to Harrisburg;" and
demand tho previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The word   mili-
tary" ought to be inserted before the word "rail-
road."
Mr. McPHERSON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am in favor of getting
rid of the avaricious railroad corporations be-
tween this city and New York.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 hope the gentleman
will withdraw his demand for the previous ques-
tion. I only desire to say one word.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will; if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. McPHERSON. I will. I accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, to insert
the word " military "as a modification of my res-
olution. I hope the resolution will be passed with-
out striking out the words " via Gettysburg to
Harrisburg." If there are counter propositions,
let them be separately considered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My only desire is to get
an air line to New York.
Mr. McPHERSON. As I have promised, I
renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DISASTER AT BALL'S BLUFF.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War be requested, if not
incompatible with the public service, to report to this House,
whether any, and if any, what measures have been taken
to asceitainwiio irresponsible for the disastrous movement
of om troops at Call's Bluff.
INCARCERATION Of EX-SENATOK SLIDELL.
Mr. ODELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas Colonel Alfred M. Wood, of the fourteenth
regiment of New Yoik State militia, who was wounded and
taken prisoner at the battle of Bull Run, has now, by rebel
authorities, been ordered to confinement in a felon's prison,
and, by the same order, is 16 be treated as a prisoner con-
victed of infamous crimes: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested to oider John Shdell to the same char-
acter of prison, and to the same treatment, until Colonel
Wood shall be treated as the United States have treated all
piisonets taken in battle.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
the House (at two o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 3, 1861.
Prayer by Rev, Mason Noble, D. D.
Hon. David Wilmot, of Pennsylvania, and
Hon. James A. Pearce, of Maryland, appeared
in their seats to-day.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
TIIANKS TO CArTAIN DUPONT.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution, of which no previous notice has been
giy0"*
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 17) of thanks tendered to Captain Sam-
uel F. Dupont and others, by Congress, was read
a first and second time by its title. It is as fol-
lows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Confess assembled, That
the thanks ot Congress be, and they are hereby, tendered to
Captain Samuel F. Dupont, and through him to the officer-,
pettv officers, seamen, and marines attached to the eqund-
lon under his command, for the decisive and splendid vic-
tory achieved at Poit Royal, on the 7th day ot November
last.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I do not doubt
that every member of this body is prepared im-
mediately to vote for the adoption of this resolu-
tion, but I presume the safest way would be to
refer all such propositions to an appropriate com-
mittee, and therefore, I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the committees
are not yet formed. It had better lie upon the !
table until the committees are constituted. j
Mr. SUMNER. It ought to lie on the table
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table until the committees are foimed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOSTER. I give notice that to-morrow
or some subsequent day, I shall ask leave to in-
troduce a bill supplementary to the act entitled
"An act to authorize protection to be given to
citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano," approved August 18, 1856.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Vice President appoint two members
to (ill the vacancies in the Board of Regents of the Smuh-
soman Institution, occasioncd by the death of lion. Ste-
phen A. Douglas, late a Senator from the State of Illinois,
and the withdrawal and expulsion of Hon. James M. Ma-
son, late a Senator irom the State of Virginia.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. John G. Nicolay, the Secretary of the
President of the United States, appeared below
the bar and said:
Mr. President : I am directed by the President of the
United States to deliver to the Senate a message m writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid the message
before the Senate, and it was read by the Secre-
tary, Mr. John W. Forney. [It will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr.HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the usual number of the message and
documents be printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 3, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Messrs. Daniel W. Gooch, Jacob P. Ciiam-
berlin, John T. Nixon, John N. L. Stratton,
Hendrick B. Wright, John Co\ode,John W.
Crisfield, Edwin H. Webster, Henry Gri-
der, and William H. Wadswortii appearedin
their seats to-day.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. Hay, his
Private Secretary.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was necessarily absent
yesterday upon the committee to wait upon the
President when the vote was taken upon laying
upon the table certain resolutions relating to the
forfeiture of slave rebel property in the country.
In order that my vote upon that subject, as a Rep-
resentative from Kentucky, may be entered upon
the Journal, and that my constituents may know
how I would have voted, I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit my name to be en-
tered upon the Journal.
No objection being made, Mr. Wicklifte an-
nounced that his vote was in the affirmative, to
lay the resolutions upon the table, and it was so
entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the call of committees for reports.
CLAIM TO A SEAT.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of piiv-
ilege. I have in my hands the credentials of An-
drew J. Clemens, as a Representative in tins
House from the fourth congressional district of
Tennessee. I ask pcimission to state the fact,
briefly as I may, in connection with the applica-
tion, and in doing so I will take occasion to cor-
rect an error winch I see in the report in tho morn-
ing_ papers of the remarks which foil lVoni the
chairman of the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Dawes] yesterday, which I understood him to
correct—and I am very much mistaken if he did
not himself correct it. I have not seen the report
of the Globe. He is reported to have said that
the election which occurred in Tennessee on the
1st of August last was before any steps had been
taken by "that State towards seceding. That is
not the case. Steps had been taken looking to
secession directly after the fall of Furt Sumtei.
I will not occupy the time of tin; House with
detailing what I suppose is pretty generally know n
to those who have studied the history of those
