ims
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
builfwith cash. It has been a source of corrup-
tion to managers, has given stock-jobbers great
powers, and has cheated millions out of the pock-
ets of the people, the men who have subscribed
stock In good faith. In our older States we have,
by legislation, within a few years been endeavor-
ing to correct those evils, and have more of the
capital stock of railroads paid in.
Now, here is a little railroad in the capital of
the country, a railroad which to those who build
it will unquestionably be an excellent piece of
froperty. Here is a small capital of only $300,000.
'ou would find half a dozen men anywhere ready
to advance the money at once and build the road.
Give them what capital is necessary—I think
$300,000is eno'ugh-~but do not have any issuing
of bonds, or any stock-jobbing connected with it.
I intend to move to strike out that portion of the
bill, and not allow this railroad company to issue
any bonds at all. Let us have a cash concern of
it; let the money be paid in; let it be real, fair, as
it should be. If I had the power I would carry
that policy certainly in all the new railroad opera-
tions that are hereafter to be made in this country.
I believe that hundreds of millions of dollars have
been plundered out of the people of the country
by this system of issuing bonds on railroad stock.
Perhaps in the new section of the country, where
they have but little money, they are necessary;
but in our older States it was not necessary, and
if it was then, it certainly is not now; and 1 hope
we shall set a better example here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senate is about
tired enough of this question now to hear a few
suggestions which I intend to make, which, if
heeded, will, I think, dispose of this question in a
speedy way. If the Senate should agree to the
amendments reported from the Committee on the
District of Columbia to the House bill, those
amendments go back to the House, and are the
subject of dispute and controversy. They will be
referred to a committee of the House. They will
agree to some and disagree to others. In that
stage of the bill you never can get a committee of
conference until there is an absolute disagreement
between the two Houses. Now, I believe it is
the desire of every member of the Senate to have
a railroad speedily constructed. I believe also that
Senators are peifectly indifferent who builds it.
I confess that i do not care. In dealing with all
these persons, I would deal with them as sharp,
shrewd, money-malung men, and I would deal
with them so as to protect the interest of the pub-
lic and the interest of the Government, and 1 be-
lieve that is the desire of the Senate. Now, 1 sub-
mit this proposition: if the Senate will a^ree to
all the amendments reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbia—I think they have done
it—and then disagree to the House amendments,
that makes a case of disagreement, and we can ask
a committee of conference to-day withoutany fur-
ther action of the House. The whole matter will
then go upou a general disagreement between the
two Houses to a committee of conference, and
when the committee report, it is a privileged ques-
tion which must be acted upon by both Mouses,
and both Houses will act upon the same bill with-
out amendments. And allow me to say that is the
only way, in my judgment, where outside inter-
ests are so diverse, that you can ever pass a rail-
road bill. This was the advice i gave as a mem-
ber of the House a year ago, when I desired to
get this bill, but it was not heeded. I will again
suggest to Senators that und  r the rules of the
Senate and under the rules of the House, for they
are similar, this is the only way it can be done.
1 will read the first rule, in order to explain the
position of the bill;
" In every case of an amendment to a bill agreed to iu
one House and dissented torn the other, if onher House
fchall request a couiereuee, and appoint a committee for
that purpose, the oUiur Ilou^e sUuli do the same."
Now, sir, you will see, if we disagree to the
House amendments withoutany further vote, the
Senate having charge of this bill, will at once move
a committee of conference, the House will agree
to that conference, and then the subject is pre-
sented in such a way that we can get a final vote,
and but one vote.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. My question is, whether, in that
view ©f the case, any amendments that have been
adopted by the Senate to the House amendment
would be before the committee of conference?
Mr. SHERMAN. ,They will al! be there, sub-
ject to the committee of conference.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee of confer-
ence can then take up an entire new bill. The
question will stand this way: the Senate make
one proposition and the House make another, and
the committee of conference can make a new bill
entirely. If they can make a good bargain for
the public with Mr. Brock, they are at liberty to
do it. The committee of conference can report
their action to either House, and either House can
reject it without these various propositions of
amendment. In this way, and in this way alone,
can you reach the subject. Each House, as a
matter of course, will select a committee in whom
it confides, and this committee can deal with all
these various statements, and make the best pos-
sible bargain for the public, and report their action,
and I have no doubt that action will be heartily
acquiesced in. But if you continue in the way
you have already pursued, you create an innu-
merable number of question as to the amount of
stock, as to the number of stockholders, as to the
persons who are to be corporators, as to what they
shall do, whether they shall go on and borrow
money and issue stock—all these are questions
about which you will have a controversy with the
House which will not be settled, and you will not
have the bill disposed of. Under the mode I pro-
pose, in a simple way, as business men, you may
dispose of this question, and 1 think in ten days
from this time the railroad may be in progress of
construction.
1 make these suggestions, as I said I would the
other day, and I trust Senators are tired enough
of this question to make that disposition of it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will suggest to the Senator
that wc first finish this question about the capital
stock of the company.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MORRILL. As at present advised, I think
well of the suggestion, and 1 should have no ob-
jection so far as I am concerned if it should take
that direction. It seems to me we might reach the
point more directly in that way than we would be
likely to do if we get up a division between the
two Houses otherwise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, us modified.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TEN EYCtC. I wish to perfect, at least
in my view, the fifteenth section for the protection
of the stockholders in the matter of the election of
directors. I apprehend there will not be any ob-
jection whatever to it. 1 propose to offer two
slight amendments to that section. I will read that
part of the section for the purpose of showing
what I desire:
" And when the books of subscription to tlie capital stock
v of said company shall be closed, the coiporators named 111
the fiifit section, or a majority of thorn, and in ca^e any of
them refuse oi neglcct to act, then a majority of the remain-
der shall."
I propose to add after the word "shall," the
words, " within twenty days thereafter." I will
proceed to read the other amendment so that the
Senate may understand it. The section then con-
tinues:
" Call the first meeting 01 the stockholders ofsaid company
for the choice of dnet'tois."
I propose to insert after the word "directors,"
the words, " of winch public notice shall be given
for five days in two newspapers printed and pub-
lished in the city of Washington." The object
is to insure a public notice of the time and piace
of the meeting of stockholders for the election of
directors, so that all the stockholders may have
an opportunity of knowing when and where the
election for directors is to take place.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senator ftom New Jersey that he amend
his amendment, so that the clerk of the corpora-
tion or some person shall give a personal notice
to the stockholders of the meeting. I think per-
sonal notice would be better.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That would make it more
certain, and I accept that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question ,
is on the first amendment proposed by the Sen- !
ator from New Jersey, in the twenty-eighth line I
of the fifteenth section, after the word " shall," to
insert the words "within twenty days thereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey moves that the bill be further
amended in the twenty-ninth line of the fifteenth
section, after the word "directors," to insert the
following:
Of which public notice shall be given for five days in
two newspapers printed and published daily in the city of
Washington, or by written personal notice to each stock-
holder by the cleik of the corporation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following amendment,
as an addititional section:
Jlnd be it further enactcd, Tlmt the persona! property
owned by the Union Omnibus Line Company, and con-
nected with or employed in 1 arming the line of omnibuses
between Georgetown and the Capitol gate, in Washington,
shall be valued by three disinterested peisons, one to be
chosen by each party, and the third by said two, and the
amount of valuation to be paid by the corporators or com-
'pauy to the owners thereof on or before the cars commence
lunningon the aforesaid railroad between Georgetown and
the Capitol gate.
It seems to me it would be equitable to adopt
an amendment of this kind, requiring this rail-
road company to take all this stock; for, if they
do not, it will be a dead loss to the owners. If
this corporation is to be so very profitable as it is
said it will be, 1 think it is no more than right
that they should take this stock off the hands of
the owners, as these omnibuses will be rendered
useless by the adoption of this measure. I told
one of these owners that I would offer this amend-
ment for them. The Senate may do as they please
about it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether his amendment includes the
two companies? There are two.
Mr. WADE. I believe it does. I do not know.
The amendment says the owners of such a line.
Mr. COLLAMER. One runs to Georgetown
from the Capitol gate, and the other runs from
the navy-yard to Seventh street.
Mr. WADE. This is only for the one from
Georgetown to the Capitol gate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why not include them
both ?
Mr. WADE. There is no reason, only that this
amendment was handed to me by one of the par-
ties interested; and if the other party had handed
his in, I should have offered it also. I believe as
often as these railroad bills have been up here,
which has been very frequent since I have been a
member of this body, that a proposition of this
kind has generally been thought reasonable. I
believe it has been attached as an amendment to
most of the bills that have been up here before. I
think myself it looks very reasonable and right
that it should be done; that this company, espe-
cially if it is to be so profitable as gentlemen sup-
pose it will be, should take part of this burden;
for all this property will become almost entirely
dead property on the hands of the persons who
have accommodated the public heretofore by get-
ting up these expensive lines. But I leave the
matter to the judgment of the Senate. I take no
more interest than that in it.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope no such proposition
as that will be entertained by the Senate. I can
hardly see upon what ground the Senate can en-
tertain such a proposition. That principle would
embrace all the property in the city to be affected
by the corporation. I am not aware of any prin-
ciple of legislation that authorizes such a provis-
ion anywhere. This man is using this property
in a private enterprise. The public now propose
to exercise its rights, nothing more, in reference
to its own accommodation. Indirectly, conse-
quentially, this property will be affected. That
is never held to Be ground for damages anywhere;
I think never within the principle of legislation,
certainly not within the principle of jurisprudence,
that consequential damages are to be awarded
when any of these enterprises are started. Cer-
tainly, if this property is to be included, all the
property of a like character should be included,
and that would cmbrace the other line. It seems
to me it is a question of such obvious impropriety
that the Senatfc ought not to adopt it.
Mr. WADE. It does not strike me exactly in
the light it does my friend from Maine. Here we
are granting a franchise to a private corporation,
which is said to be exceedingly valuable. I da
