2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
Answer, Among the wealthiest merchants in
Knoxville, belonging to the wealthiest firm; a man
of unimpeachable character and veracity, of high
standing, much of agemieman.
Quertiott. Did he leave, or if not, why not?
Answer. They reconsidered the case,as I under-
stood, got ashamed of their proceeding and recon-
sidered it, and agreed to let him stay.
Question. On what condition ?
Answer. That he give a bond and approved se-
curity for his good behavior, which his friends
entered into. It was not his wish or will, I think,
to enter into any bond or take any oath, but his
friends did it for him.
Question. That bond was given to the southern
confederacy, conditioned that he would behave
himself well to that body ?
Answer. That was my understanding. I did not
hear it read.
Question. Now state, if you please, to the Court
if you know anything of Dr. Thornburg, of Ten-
nessee, a citizen of that State.
Answer. Dr. Thornburg was a gentleman to
whom 1 was a good dual attached. He was a
strong Unionist. We had battled together in the
Clay Whig*ranlcs for year?. He had made up a
company of cavalry to escape through Cumber-
land Gap, go into Ilentucky, and join the Federal
army. He was captured by a Captain Ashbyand
his company of the rebel army. He was kept
several weeks in .confinement in the Cumberland
Gap in camps, and was driven in by a company of
cavalry on foot. He owned the finest saddle horse
in that country. They led his horse after him,
and refusod to let him ride the horse. He came
by my home going out to Zollie.ofter's camp. 1
saw him. He was much fatigued and worried
down. The next morning when he was marched
into the court-room—I think it was in the month
of September, 1861, but 1 shall not be positive
about dates; it was iifterZoIhcoflVr wasencamped
in our town in the command of East Tennessee as
a brigadier general 
Question. State to the Court how he was marched
into that court-room before Judge Humphreys?
Ansicer. Me was marched in between two rows
of infantry with muskets and bayonets. They
were a respectful distance apart, and lie was in the
center, the whole constituting, as I would describe
it, the letter H. Dr. Thornburg made the cross
in the middle that w.ould constitute the letter PI.
He was earned into the court room between the
soldiers with muskets and bayonets. There was
fputo a crowd, and it was difficult to got a place
to stand oi sit. 1 followed as a silent spectator
to hoar what was to be done. Judge Humphreys
made a speeeh; and while t am aware that i am
Upon oath, I must eharacterize his speech as a
bitter, vindictive, political stump speech.
Qaa>tioii. I'Yom the heneh ?
Answer. I^iuin the bench. He made them frc-
rjm mly; but a part of that one I heard. He had
a juror there; theie was a good deal of talk in
town about a. juror from South Carolina, from
Charleston. I'om O'Connor had come from
Charleston, and had the Palmetto secession badge
pinned^ upon the left lappel of lus coat. Pie sat as
one oi the jurors. Judge Humphreys, in that
stump speech of his from the bench—I recollect
the sentiment; the words ( cannotagrce to repeat
verbatim—Unsubstantially lie said that in the case
of 1 hornburg he would have to have some time
to consider the case; that he did not know w hcthcr
the case would fall under his jurisdiction, the civil
code, or whether it belonged to General Zolheof-
fer's military branch of the government. How-
ever, he concluded that he would take charge of
him. He said that the military authority must
be upheld, and should be sustained, andgave the
citizens to understand that he would be backed
and sustained in the court by General ZoIUcolfer;
he had bayoncty and muskets enough theie to sus-
tain one judge, and to prop up one court. There
was, perhaps, an excuse for talking in that way,
for there was a very strongdisposition on the part
of the Union men to put him down and his rebel
court. J did not r-'main to hear all that was said
and done. 1 told Thoinburg's brother, who was
the prosecuting attorney for that district—a very
clever man, Colonel Thotnburg—that 1 thought it
■was a gone ca«e for us; that his brother had no
chance. Ihey afterwards sent him on to Nash-
ville, and confined him in the Nashville jail. I do
not know how long ho was there
Question. You have made some reference to a
charge to the grand jury, as I understood you, in
the testimony you have given since you have been
upon the floor,at which was present one O'Con-
nor, a member of the jury, from South Carolina ?
Answer. Yes, sir, O'Connor was aTennesseean,
but he was anxious to engage in the rebel war,
and Tennessee was not moving fast enough for
him in the work of rebellion,and he emigrated to
Charleston. After remaining with them in camps
there as a soldier a while, he came back and was
put upon the jury.
Question. Was this the grand jury ?
Answer. I do not know whether it was a grand
jury or a traverse jury, or whatitwas,buthe was
a Jbror. The jury were impanneled, and he sat
as one of them.
Question. Whichcourt was that in, theFederal
or the confederate court?
Answer. The confederate court.
Question. At the same time that Thornburg was
there?
Answer. Yes, sir. I recollect the occasion, for
there was a talk of indicting some of them for trea-
son against the United States, and Judge Hum-
phreys met that in his speech by saying that there
could be no treason committed against the United
States in times of revolution, that we were in the
midst of a revolution, and there could be no such
thing as treason against the United States. He
took particular pains to say that the usurpations
of the Federal Government, and the atiocious con-
ductof the prescntPresidentof the United States,
altogether, were such as to release Tennesseeans
from any obligation whateverto the Government.
Question. This was said by him in September,
mi>
Answer. That was said by the judge on the
bench in a stump speech. [Laughter.] It was
either September or October.
Question. Eighteen hundred and sixty-one?
Answer. Lost September or October.
Question. Now state to the Court, if you please,
whether this Judge Humphreys appointed any
commissioner under him and his court as a con-
federate judge.
Answer. He appointed a deputy judge, called a
commissioner, to act in his absence and to keep the
court sitting all the time,and in factitdid sitall the
time, except that at intervals the commissioner
was beastly drunk and falling in the gutters in
the street, [laughter,] a very fair representative of
the southern confederacy, however. [Laughter.]
Question. What was thatcommissioner's name?
Answer. Robert Reynolds; a large fleshy man
and a beastly drunkaid. A guard took him out
of the gutter into the guard-house. I have him
pictured off in a book that 1 have lately published.
Question. Now state, if you please, Mr. Brown-
low, whether you were interfered with by this
court, either in the person of its chief justice,
Humphreys, or through his deputy, Robert Rey-
nolds, and in what way you were interfered with,
and for what you were interfered with.
Answer, i was arrested on the afternoon of the
6th day of December, upon a warrant issued by
Commissioner Reynolds, the deputy of Judge
Humphreys. The warrant I have here in the city,
printed.
Question. You can state substantially what it is.
Answer. Charging me with treason against the
confederate government, " in the following edito-
rials, to wit," which are set forth in the warrant.
Question. You were the publisher of a public
journal ?
Answer. The publisher of a newspaper. That
was all the charge that was preferred against me.
My friends, without my solicitation, for 1 did not
wish them to do so, volunteered to make up a
bond for $100,000 for security for my appearance
at the next confetleiate court.
Question. To stand your trial?
•insider. Yes, sir. Tlie reply of Commissioner
Reynolds was, that it was not a bailable case.
[Laughter.]
Question. There was nothing of that kind pro-
vided for by statute, I suppose*5
•Answer. No, sir. The deputy marshal, Robert
Fox, committed me to jail. While 1 was in jail, in
the month of December, Judge Humphreys came
back. I never had any interview with him, but
one of the military officers came into jail and told
me—if it is not too tedious I will give the whole
conversation 
Question. No, sir; just state what it was gen-
erally.
Jlnswer. He said that 1 ought not to be in this
place; that this was no place for me. I told him
f thought so too, but the authorities of his bogus
government—I characterized itas a bogusgovern-
ment—thought differently, and I was there with-
out complaint., and contented to remain. The
officer told me that if I would go with him to the
court-house where Judge Humphreys was on the
bench, and take the oath of allegiance to the con-
federate government, I would be at once liberated,
and my family and myself protected. I replied
to him that he had no authority to administer any
such oath, that I denied that he had any govern-
ment, that 1 maintained that he had organized a
southern mob, that I held that they had never
been recognized by any civilized Government on
God's earth, and never would be, and that I would
sec the confederacy, and him and myself on the
top of it, in the infernal regions before 1 would take
the oath of allegiance to that government. 1 am
giving the whole conversation. They never pest-
ered me any more after that. That was about the
last I had to do with them. [Laughter.] Judge
Humphreys and his court were a terror to the
Union men of East Tennessee all the time. We
dreaded to see him come to hold the court. He
was always speechifying on the bench, making
violent political harangues. I regard him as one
of the most violent secessionists we had in the
State, cocked and primed on all occasions to de-
liver speeches.
Question. You will state how long you were
kept a prisoner.
Answer. They kept me in the main jail room
with my associates—about one hundred and fifty
when 1 went in first—live weeks. I took typhoid
fever, and got very bad off, and they took me to a
private room, and there doubled the guard around
me, and kept me there, they said, for my comfort
and protection; but I always believed it was be-
cause the Unionists in the jail had ceased to join
their army after I got in, and they attributed it to
the influence that I exerted over them. I was in
from the 6th of December to the 3d of March—
lacking three days of three months—in close con-
finement.
Question. State, if you please, now, to the Court
upon whose order you were finally discharged
from that imprisonment,
Jlnswer. Upon the order of a Mr. Benjamin, at
Richmond, purporting to be the secretary of war
under Davis.
Question. Of the confederate States?
Jlnswer. Of the confederate States. He wrote
to Attorney Ramsay, and Ramsay read the letter
in open court, stating that the honor and faith of
the confederate government were pledged to see
me out into the old Government among the people
with whom I sympathized, and that if 1 were
convicted he would feel bound in honor to inter-
cede with the president for my pardon. He or-
dered my instant release.
Question. What president did he refer to in that?
Jlnswer. President Davis.
Question. Of the confederate States?
Jlnswer. Of the confederate States.
Question. Jefferson Davis?
Jlnswer. Jefferson Davis. Robert Fox, the dep-
uty marshal, came with an order from the court
of Robert Reynolds, stating that a nolle prosequi
had been entered,and that he was diiected to say
to me that I was released from the civil arrest and
imprisonment. A captain of the rebel army ac-
companied him. As soon as he released me the
space was about from three to five minutes that I
was free, but not out of jail—the captain turns
round and says to me, " I am directed by General
Carroll to rearrest you, and you will therefore
remai n as the prisoner of the military auth ori ties."
Question. You got out of Judge Humphreys's
possession ?
Jlnswer. I got out of Judge Humphreys's pos-
session, and was out about three minutes, I take it.
Question. State, if you please, whether the J.
C. Ramsay, to whom you refer, was officiating in
this court of Judge Humphreys's oil the occasion
when you were present—L mean when Dr. Thorn-
burg was before that court and when Mr. Dick-
inson was arraigned before it. Was Ramsay offi-
ciating there in the presence of Judge Humphreys
as district attorney of the court for the confederate
States of America ?
