1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not know how that may be. I understood, from
the gentleman who handed me this paper, who, I
suppose, is interested in these omnibus lines, that
ihe corporators who had been named heretofore
had offered to take this property off his hands.
1 know nothing more about it. It is not as though
we were taking this for the public. We are grant-
ing a franchise to certain persons, which is said to
be profitable. We can put them upon such terms as
seem to be equitable, fight, and just. These per-
sons we are investing with this valuable privilege
are entitled to nothingfrom the public that I know
of particularly; but they are about to displace
those who, for the public accommodation, have
necessarily laid outagood deal of money. If we
are about to grant a privilege to this railroad com-
pany, which will necessarily destroy these om-
nibus lines, on which these men have laid out a
good deal of money for the accommodation of the
public, and thus throw a large amount of prop-
erty dead on their hands, it strikes me there is
nothing very unreasonable in our saying to those
to whom we grant this valuable privilege, " do
equitably by those whom you are about to de-
stroy. "
The Senator from Maine, however, says that
they have no more right than any other interest
in the city that might be affected m some remote
manner by the construction of this road. I do not
look upon it in that way. I know of no other in-
terest that will be directly and certainly affectod
and destroyed by it. If there is any other, I should
think they ought to pay for it. They arc not com-
pelled to take this franchise. If they do take it,
it is because it will be a profitable business; and
all the Senators who have spoken on the subject
believe it will be an exceedingly profitable busi-
ness. I do not exactly participate in that belief;
I am not so sanguine about that; but this road di-
rectly destroys the omnibus interest. It cannot
be carricd out without the destruction of it. If
there is anything to be absolutely destroyed by it,
I say these corporators who are to reccivc this
benefit at our hands ought to do justice; and it
would become us to compel those upon whom we
are about to confer a privilege, if it affects other
interests, to do justice. They have agood dealof
property in horses that this company will un-
doubtedly want to take off their hands, and they
should take it at an appraisement. I believe this
amendment provides that they shall take it at a
fair and equitable appraisement. I think that is
reasonable and right, and I hope they will be com-
pelled to do it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will simply add, in addi-
tion to what the Senator from Ohio says, that this
railroad company will doubtless require every-
thing, excepting the omnibuses, tliat this omnibus
line owns—the"horses, harness, and everything
of that sort; and under the circumstances, as this
man is to be deprived of the privilege he has en-
joyed, and his business is to be entirely broken
up without the prospect of going anywhere else,
because the day of omnibuses is passing away, it
seems to me but reasonable and proper that some
protection should be afforded to him. 1 may add,
m addition, that what appears to be the common
custom and consent of mankind ought to be re-
garded as having some sense and reason in it, and
I beiiove the practice in all the northern cities
where charters have been granted, with respect
to omnibus lines, has been to require the property
of the omnibus lines to be taken by the new rail-
road lines which are to supersede them and take
their place and destroy their business. There
seems to me to be great propriety in it, and I shall
support the proposition brought forward by the
Senator from Ohio. This Senate itself upon one
occasion did incorporate in a railroad bill for this
city this very same identical provision upon a
full discussion of the whole question, and, as I
understood then, to the satisfaction of the major-
ity of the body, that such a course ought to be
pursued,
Mr. MORRILL. Of course, I am not going to
contend against this; but I suggest to my friend
from Ohio that if this railroad is to be profitable,
as it is suggested, in which sentiment I do not
know that he concurs very large! y, then this owner
of these omnibuses will find liisiewardin the fact
that he is a member of the corporation. I notice
that lie is one of the corporators. But you will
see that the same principle would embrace the
other line, and would of course embrace all the
hacks in the city. When you have the facilities
of this railroad, these hacks will be useless to a
greater or less extent; they will be very largely
affected by it; and there is no limit to the appli-
cation of this principle. However, I do not desire
to extend the discussion. I shall content myself
witli simply voting against it.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Davis,
Doohule, Foot, Kennedy, McDougail, Powell, Salisbury,
Sunk, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright
—16.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, liendci&on, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morn!], Pomeroy. Sher-
man, Simmons, Trumbull, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wilson of Mtssouii—2U.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TEN EVCK. I move to add the name of
James M. Towers as one of the corporators.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the fifth line of the sixteenth
section, after the word " office," I move to insert
the words, "for one year and," so that it will
read:
That the government and direction of the affairs of tbe
company shall be vested in the board of directors, seven in
number, who shall be stockholders, and who shall hold
tiieii oflice for one year, and nil others are duly elected and
qualified, &c.
The amendment was agreed to. •
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out all of the twelfth section after the word
u mentioned," in the eleventh line, in the follow-
ing woids:
And in case of purchase, to executc and deliver the bonds
of the coipotation for the^e properties* oi other pioperty
purchased and held by the company; and the said bonds
shall be secured by Ihe whole or nny portion of the prop-
erly of &aid company, provided that said loan does nut ex-
ceed $100,000.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, but simply
to say that theonly justification forallowingrail-
road corporations to issue bonds would be ihe
want of means, and in this case there is no want
of means. They are ample and abundant; and
we ought not to allow them to use their bonds or
have any stock jobbing about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that the work to be done
has been considerably increased byan amendment
which I think was adopted. Instead of building
a road on Fourteenth street, from Rhode Island
avenue down, they are required , byan amendment
adopted this morning, to build it from Boundary
street, \vhi< h willlaigoly increase the length of the
road upon Fourteenth street. It will increase very
largely the amountofwork to be done. The com-
mittee, in preparing the bill with a capital stock
of $300,000, in teudedtp provide a sufHcientamount
of stock to build the road contemplated by the bill;
but inasmuch as one of the branch roads has been
materially increased, I apprehend it would be best
not to adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I call his attention to that point.
I, like him, am opposed, and I acted upon that
principle in the committee, to giving this corpo-
ration any opportunity to do the thing feared by
the Senator from Kansas, to issue the stock, and
sell it to parties, paying nothing themselves, and
thereby enabling them to build the road entirely
from money they make from the sale of stock to
others; but m consequence of this increased work,
I think it will be betrer to leave it as it is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I understand
that the increased distance is only about a third
of a mile, and will cost but a very small sum of
money. I am informed of that on the authority
of the Mayor of the city.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know the length
of the road.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is but a
very short distance indeed, and will cost butlittle.
This is a simple question of whether this road
shall be built by gentlemen who are willing to put
their hands in their pockets and put their money
into this road as an investment, as a matter of
business, or whether it shall go into the hands of
men who will pay a little money, issue their bonds,
and speculate upon it. That is the whole ques-
tion. It is a plain and clear one, ami I hope the
Senate will adopt the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I move to insert the flame $f
George W. McMahon as one of the corporators.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. McDOUGALL. I propose to insert among
the listof corporators the nameof WalterS.
ney. I do so because I want to see in it some per-
son whom I know to be a capitalist, a Railroad
man, and a business man.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ipove to ,add tlje
name of Hallock Tilburn, a very respectable cit-
izen of this District, as one of the corporators. -
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there are no further
amendments, 1 believe, I now renew mysugges-
tion that the amendment of the House be dis-
agreed to informally, and that a committee of con-
ference be asked on the part of the Senate. I will
not make the motion for a committee of confer-
ence; I leave that to the friends of the bill. I wish
to have nothing to do with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill waa
originally a Senate bill, was passed, sent to the
House, and camc back with an amendment. The
bill was then sent to a committee. The commit-
tee report the bill back with amendments to the
amendment of the House. The Senate have
agreed to the amendments reported by the com-
mittee to the amendment of the House, and have
also agreed to divers amendmenjs proposed in the
Senate to the same amendment. The question
now is, will the Senate agree to the amendmentof
the House as amended. That is the question be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will again repeat that if
the Senate vote in the negative upon that propo-
sition, it will be perfectly competent for the hon-
orable Senator from Maine who has charge of
this bill to move a committee of conference under
the rules, and in that way we can have this mat-
ter brought to a termination. I trust that course
will be pursued.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know but the
course indicated by the Senator from Ohio may
accomplish what is desirable, and,perhaps, in tho
shortest time,and that is, the passage of some bill.
As the bill now stands there can be but little objec-
tion to it. I am well aware that there were seri-
ous objections to the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives. The bill, as it came
to us, permitted the company to construct their
road upon the streets of the city without requiring
them to pave on the outside of the tracks of the
road, or requiring them to keep the space between
the rails paved. The bill as it now stands re-
quires that to be done.
The House bill gave the corporators named in
the bill an opportunity of taking the whole of the
stock named in the bill. That is notthe case with
the bill now. In reality, I suppose it was that
privilege that induccd gentlemen to desire to be
named as corporators. That desire cannot be .so
great now. The corporators named hi the bill
have no control whatever, cxcept to receive sub-
scriptions, and, as I understand, they have no op-
portunities superior to the opportunities of out-
siders to take stock at all. Everyman throughout
the country can come and subscribe, and the cor-
porators themselves have no advantages what-
ever.
Again: as the bill came to us from the House of
Representatives, the corporators themselves were
made directors, and although it did not fix the
time for the election of directors, it wasso framed
as that when the directors were elected, they were
to be elected from the corporators named in the
bill. There were, I believe, only seven, and there
being seven directors, of course they must have
been the corporators named in the bill. That is
not the case now. Any of the stockholders may
be elected. As the bill now stands, it is not ne-
cessary that a corporator should be elected, and,
in fact, a corporator cannot be elected unless he
is a stockholder. The Senate also provides that
a report shall be made in writing annually to
Congress. The House bill did not require any-
thing of that sort.
I will state another thing, and a very important
matter in reference to this road, a thing that per-
haps made it extremely desirable to be a corporator
under the House bill, but which renders it not so
desirable at present. It will be remembered tftat
under the House bill there was a rate of fare fixed
