1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2949
Answer. He was the confederate attorney for
the whole State of Tennessee, acting and officia-
ting there and at Nashville in the different confed-
erate courts. He had been four years the Federal
attorney under James Buchanan, and then entered
into the service under Jefferson Davis. He had
on a military suit, and was the captain of a com-
pany that he had attempted to raise; he was un-
popular, justly so, and got about as high as thirty
men, and was drawing rations and clothing for
sixty men. They detected him in his personal dis-
honesty and villainy, and they had him drummed
out under Zollicoffer. That, in my judgment,
qualified him still more eminently to serve the con-
federate government. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, we have
nothing further to ask Mr. Brownlow as a wit-
ness.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator propose any question to the witness? [After
a pause.] The witness is excused and may retire.
Mr. BINGHAM, lam instructed by the man-
agers to ask of the Court to recall Isaac Litton, for
the purpose of putting to him an inquiry with re-
gard to another specific act of the court of which
lie was deputy clerk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The witness
will come forward.
Isaac Litton recalled,and reexamined by Mr.
Bingham.
Question. I am instructed to ask you whether,
among those proceedings of sequestration to which
you referred before, in this district court of the
confederate States by Judge Humphreys,there was
an orderor decree directed by Judge Humphreys
against certain property of John Catron?
Jlnswer. My recollection does not serve me as
to the property of Judge Catron. There was a
petition, I remember, filed by the next friend of
Mrs. Catron. Whether there was any action se-
questrating any of the property, I am not posi-
tive; but my recollection is that there was some
gas stock, possibly, that was sequestered under
the decree, but I am not positive about that fact.
Question. Alleged to be the property of Judge
Catron ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I know a petition was filed.
"W hether a decree of sequestration was made out as
to any estate, except the stock, I am not certain.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all I desire to in-
quire of the witness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The witness
may retire.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the man-
agers to offer in evidence the trial docket of the
district court, which has been indicated by" the
witnesses—they who made it—to wit: the clerk
and deputy clerk of the confederate court held by
Judge Humphreys, as extending from pages 60
to 71, inclusive.
After a pause,
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, on consult-
ation with the managers on behalf of the House
of Representatives, I am instructed to say to you
and this honorable Court that we do not deem it
our duty to offer any further evidence in behalf of
the several accusations pieferred by the House
of Representatives in their own name, and in the
name of all the people of the United States, against
West H. Humphreys, charging him with high
crimes and misdemeanors. In the discharge of the
duties which have been assigned us, upon consult-
ation, we have concluded that it will scarcely be
expected of us, and it can hardly be accounted
our duty, that with a case so plainly made out by
the testimony, we should delay this honorable
Court with any extended remarks in support of
these accusations,or in summing up the testimony
by which they are sustained and proved. Itonly
remains, therefore, for me, as one of the managers,
in obedience to the order of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and in the further discharge of the duty
assigned me, to respectfully demand of this hon-
orable Court, in the name of all the people of the
United States, whose rights have been invaded
and outraged by this recusant judge, that there be
judgment of conviction against him in the prem-
ises by this High Court of Impeachment, in man-
ner and form as prescribed by the Constitution of
the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read each article of the impeachment; and the
question of " guilty" or " not guilty," will be
taken upon each article separately.
The Secretary read the first article, as follows:
Art. 1. That, regardless of bis duties as a citizen of the
United States, and unmindful of the duties ofhis said office,
and in violation of the sacred obligation ofhis official oath
"to administer justice without respect to persons," and
faithfully and impartially discharge all the duties incumbent
on hun as judsje of the district court of the United States
for the several districts of the State ofTennessee, agreeable
to the Constitutionand laws of the United States, the said
VVefct H. Humphreys, on the 29th day of December, A. D.
I860, j n the city ofNashville, in said State, the said Vvest H.
Humphreys then being a citizen of the United States, and
owing allegiance thereto, and then and theie beingjudge of
the district coui t ofthe United States for the several districts
of said State, at a public meeting, on the day and year last
aforesaid, held in said city of Nashville, and in the hearing
of divers persons then and there present, did endeavor, by
public speech, to incite revolt and rebellion, within said
State agai-nst the Constitution and Government of the Uni-
ted States, and did then and there publicly declare that it
was the right of the people of said State, by an ordinance
of secession, to absolve themselves lrotn all allegiance to
the Government of the United States, the Constitution and
laws thereof.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
calleach Senator in alphabetical order, and he will
rise and respond "guilty" or " not guilty."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I only wish to make one
remark. I shall vote for the conviction of Judge
Humphreys on this distinct ground, that while
holding a commission from the United States of
America, he assumed to act as a judge of a power
antagonistic to the Government ofthe United States
of America. I commit myself to no declarations,
no sentiment, in any form of judgment drawn up
by the managers or by the Senate. I place my
vote upon that distinct ground, and shall vote for
his conviction when my name shall be called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore then put the
question to each Senator as his name was called,
in the following form: " Mr. Senator , how
say you, is the accused, West H. Humphreys,
guilty or not guilty of the high crimes and misde-
meanors as charged in this article of impeach-
ment?" And each Senator stood in his placc while
he was thus addressed by the Chair, and answered
" Guilty,'5 or " Not guilty."
Mr. SAULSBURY, (when his name was
called.) In the sense in which I have already
expressed it, I say " guilty."
The following Senators answered that the ac-
cused was guilty of the high crimes and misde-
meanors alleged against him in the first article of
the impeachment:
Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessonden, Foot, Foster, Gtimes,
Hale, Hailnn, Harris, Henderson, Iiowaid, Howe, Ken-
nedy, King,Lancot Kansas, Latham,McDougall, Morrill,
Ne^imth, Pomeroy, Powell, Saulsbiuy, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot,
Wilson of Miasouii, and Wright—38.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the ques-
tion, " guilty," or " not guilty," every Senator
voting, thirty-eight in number, votes " guilty" of
this article of the impeachment. The next article
will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless some Senator de-
sires a division, I hope the question may be taken
on all the remaining articles together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As that is a
mere matter of form, if no objection bo made, the
question will be taken on all the remaining articles
together.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
take them one by one. I have some doubts
whether one or more of them is sufficiently proved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
article will be read.
The Secretary read article two, us follows:
Art. 2. That, in further disregard ofhis duties as a citi-
zen of the United State*, and unmindful of the solemn
obligations ofhis office as judge of the district court of the
United States for the several districts of the State ofTen-
nessee, and that he held his said office by the Constitution
of the United States during good behavior only, with in-
tent to abuse the high trust ieposed in him as such judge,
and to subvert tlie lawful authority and Govemmentof the
United States, within said State, the said West II. Hum-
phreys, then being judge of the district court of the United
States as aforesaid, to wit: in the year of our Loid 1861,
in said State of Tennessee, did, together with other evil
minded persons within said State, openly and unlawfully
support, advocate, and agree to an act commonly called an
ordinance of secession, declaring the State of Tennessee
independent of the Government of the United States, and
no longer within the juiibdiction thereof.
The roll was called, the President pro tempore
putting to each Senator the same question, as in
regard to the previous article.
Mr. BROWNING, (when his name was called.)
In my opinion this charge is notsufficiently proven
to warrant me under oath as a judge in the case
to pronounce the accused "guilty" upon it. I
therefore say " not guilty."
The calling of the'roll having been concluded,
it appeared that the Senators voted-, as follows:
Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot. Foster,
Giimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris,Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kennedy, King, Lane of Kan«as, Latham, McDougall, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willey, Wiimot, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wright—35.
Not Guilty—Mr. Crowning—1.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this article
35 Senators vote the accused " guilty," and one
" not guilty." The next article of the impeach-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read article three, as follows:
Art. 3. That in the years of our Lord 1861 and 1862,
within the United States and in said State of Tennessee,
the said West II. Humphreys, then owing allegiance to the
United States of Amenca, and then being district judge of
the United States, as aforesaid, did then and there, to wit,
within said State, unlawfully, and in conjunction with other
persons,oiganize armed rebellion against the United States
and levy war against them.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (when his name was
called.) That article of impeachment, in my judg-
ment, is notsufficiently proven. I therefore vote
" not guilty."
Mr. HOWE, (when his name was called.) I
did not hear part of the testimony, and, in fact, I
hoard no testimony on that article, and therefore I
wish to be excused from voting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fronv Wisconsin will be excused by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The call of the roll having been concluded, the
result appeared to be as follows;
Guilty—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Har-
lis, Henderson, Howaid, Kennedy, King, Lane of Kansas,
Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroj', Sherman,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, WiUey,
Wilinot, Wilson of Missouri, and Wnght—   -**
Not Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Fessenden, Foster, and
Ilarlan—4.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the third
article of the impeachment, 32 Senators vote the
accused "guilty," and 4 "not guilty." More
than two thirds voting him " guilty," he is found
guilty of that article of the impeachment. The
next article will be read.
The Secretary read article four, as follows:
Art. 4. That on the 1st day of August, A. D 1861, and
on diveis other days since that time, within said State of
Tennessee, the said West H. Humphreys, then being judge
of the distiict court of the United Statesas atorcsaid, and J.
C. Ramsay and Jefferson Davis and others, did unlawfully
conspire together to oppose by force the aulhoiity ot the
Government ofthe United States," contrary to his duty as
such judge and to the laws ofthe United States.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BROWNING, (when his name was called.)
Mr. President, in my opinion this article is not so
proven as to justify a judgment of " guilty" upon
it; and 1 therefore vote " not guilty."
Mr. COWAN, (wlien his name was called.) I
agree with the Senator from Illinois. I vote "not
guilty,"
Mr. SAULSBURY, (when his name was
called.) I could not hear the evidence on these
distinct specifications; I therefore ask to be ex-
cused from voting upon the specifications. I shall
vote upon the general result; but I could not hear
the evidence from my seat upon any distinct spe-
cification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware asks to be excused from voting on
this article of impeachment.
The question being put, Mr. Saulsbury was
exeuscd.
Mr. TEN EYCK, (whenhis name was called.)
I am not satisfied of the proof of this article. I
vote " not guilty."
The call ofthe roll was concluded, and the votes
of the Senators were as follows:
Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Coliainer,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Halo, Harlan, Howaid, Howe, Kmg, Lane of Kansas,Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Sheiman, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wnght—27.
Not Guilty—Messis. Browning, Cowan, Ilairls, Hen-
derson, Kennedy. Latham, McDougall, Nesmith^ Ten
Eyck, and Wilson of Missouri—10.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* On the fourth
article ofimpeachment, 27 Senators vote "guilty,"
and 10 "not guilty." More than two thirds voting
" guilty," the accused is convicted upon that ar-
ticle. The next article will be read.
