2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
The Secretary read article five, as follows:
Art. 5. That said West H. Humphreys, with intent to
prevent the due administration of the Jaws of the United
States within said State of Tcinne.^efvuid to aid and abet
the overthrow of" the authority of the Government of the
United States" within srid State, ha«, tn gross disregard of
his duty as judge of the district court ot the United States,
as aforesaid, and in violation of tin* laws of the United
States, neglected and refused to hold the district court of
the United State.", as by law he was required to do, within
the seveial district of the Slate of Tenncsisee, ever since
the 1st day of July, A. D. 1861.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HOWE, (when his name was called.) I
ask to be excused from voting on this article for
the same reason as in the other case.
The question being: put, the Senator was ex-
cused.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (when his name was
called.) I stated the reason I could not vote on
it; 1 did not hear the evidence.
The question being put, Mr. Saulsbury was
excused from voting.
The call of the roll having been concluded, the
votes were as follows:
Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Dave*, Divon, Doolittle, Fe -cnden,
Foot, Fo-.tei, Gi lines Hah', Harlan, IJ.mia, Henderson,
Howard, Kennedy, King, Lane of KniiNa«, Latham, Me-
Dougall, Morrill, Nesmuli, Pcarec, Pomeroy, roweii, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of MU&ouri, and Wright—U8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thirty-eight
Senators vote on this article,and unanimously vote
the accused ''guilty" of the crimes and misde-
meanors charged in thufifih article of impeach-
ment. The next article will be read.
The Secretary read article six, as follows:
Aur C. That the said West II. fJuinplnevs, in the year
of our Loid 18i5l, within the .State of Tennessee, and (villi
intent to subvert the nmhoury of lite Government of the
United States, to hinder and delay the due execution of the
laW:5 of the United Slitter, and to oppress and injure citi-
zcuh of the United States, did unlawiully act adjudge of
an illegally constituted iniminil wnhui ^aid Suite, culled
the di-trieteomt of the confederate States r>f Ainerie.i, and
as Judge of «nid tribunal |,m named, said Wm H. Hum-
phrey*, with the intent albtwaid, then and there an.-utiied
and exercised powent unlawful and unjust, to wit: J. In
musing one IVrez Oiekmson, a citizen oi said State,to be
unlawiully arrested and hi might bftme hnn, as }ud eofhaid
alleged court of wild confederate States of America, and
required turn to swear allegiance to the pietended govern-
ment otVaid confederate Suites of America; and upon the
refusal of said Dickinson so to do, the snld Humphreys, aa
judge of bald illegal tribunal, did unlawfully, and with tho
mieiu to oppress *aid Dickinson, requne ami iceeive of
him a bond,conditioned thauvhile he  houid icmnin with-
in Maid State he would keep (he peace, and as Mich judged
said illegal tiihunal, and without authority of law, hnid
Humphreys then and tlieie den cod that said Dickinson
should I nave wild Slate. vj In deereeingwnhinaaid State,
and as judge of said illegal tiibuiml, the eonfi-<e:ition to the
use otVaid eonfedeintc states ol America ot pt npei tv ot cit-
izens of the United State*, and especially of piopeiiy of
one Andrew Johnson and one John Catron. 3 In (\nwng,
ns judge of *-ald Illegal tribunal, to be unlawfully anested
and iinprhoned witlnn .said .State citizens of Hie United
Status, beeau^o of their fidelity to their obligations tis citi-
zens ol the United States, and because of their rejection
oi, and then resMnncc to, the tmhfeutid assumed author-
ity offiaid conk-derate States ot America.
Mr. HOYVK. I wish to inquire whether the
question should not be put on the seveiul specifi-
cations separately.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I would suggest thateuch
Semitoras his name is called canansweruguilty"
on the first and second, and "not guilty" on the
third, or anything 0f tlmt kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote will
be taken on each separate specification in this
article.
Mr, YV ADE. If he is guilty of one specifica-
tion, he is guilty of the whole article.
1 ho PRliSlDEN X1 pro tempore. The question
may be taken together on all the specifications of
this article by common consent, otherwise the
vote must be taken on each specification. A sepa-
rate vote being called for, the first specification
will be again read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Art 6. That the said West fi. Humphreys, in the year
ot our Lord, 1^51, within the Statcof Tennessee, and with
intent to btibveit the authouty of the Government of the
United State*, to hinder and delay the due execution of the
o1,, States, and to oppt ess and injure citizens
ot the l>nited >tares, did unlawfully aei as judge of an ille-
gally constituted tnbmia! within t a"id State, called the dis-
trict cowit ui the eoniedemte bi/ites of America, and as
judge of said tribunal Ja>t named, ;>aid West U. Uumuhrev-s
wuij tfjt; intent aioiesaid, then and there assumed and ex-
ercised powers uniawiul and unjust, to wit: in causingone
Perez I)ick«m on, «i citizen o! Btnre, to be unlawfully
arrested and brought befoie him, as judge of niiid nllegc'd
court ot said eonfedeiale Stated of Ameuca, and required
him to swear allegiance to tJie pretended government of said
confederate States of America; and upon the refusal of said
Dickinson so to do, the said Humphreys, as judge of said
illegal tribunal, did unlawfully, and with the intent to op-
press said Dickinson, require and receive of him a bond,
conditioned that while he snould remain within said State
he would keep the peace, and as such judge of said illegal
tribunal, and without authority of law, said Humphreys
then and there decreed that said Dickinson should leave
said State."
The roll was called upon this specification.
Mr. GRIMES, (when his name was called.)
According to my recollection «f the testimony of
the witness who swore as to the facts connccted
with Mr. Dickinson, there was not testimony
enough within his own knowledge to justify me in
pronouncing the respondent " guilty," and there-
fore I vote u not guilty."
Mr. LATHAM, (when his name was called.)
I did not hear the testimony connected with the
case of Mr. Dickinson. I therefore ask to be ex-
cused from voting; on that specification.
The question being put; Mr. Latham was ex-
cused.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (when his name was
called.) I did not hear the testimony. I ask the
Senate to excuse me from voting.
The question being put; the Senator was ex-
cused.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll,
and it appeared that the result was as follows:
Guilty— Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, (Jowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hailan, Hums, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of Kansas, McDou«all, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sheiman, Smnnci, Ten Eyek.
Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of
iVIi-.somi, and Wright—«'J.>
Not Guilty—Mi. Grimes—1.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon the first
specification in the sixth article of impeachment,
35 Senators vote " guilty,5' and 1 " not guilty."
The respondent is found guilty on this specifica-
tion of this article. The second specification of
this article will be again read.
The Secretary read the second specification, as
follows:
2. in decreeing within said State, and as judge of said
Illegal tribunal, the confiscation to the use of said confed-
erate States of America of propei ty of citizens of the United
States, and especially of property of one Andrew Johnson
and one John Catron.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY, (when his name was called.)
I think it is proved that property was confiscated,
but not proved that the property of Andrew John-
son or of John Cntron was confiscated. I thero-
foie vote " not guilty."
Mr. BRO WNiNCx, (when his name was called.)
In my opinion, this specification is not sufficiently
proven. I therefore vote " not guilty."
Mr. COWAN, (wh on lii.s name was called.) I
was necnsatmly obliged to be absent, and I did
not bear all the tistimony. I heard no testimony
which would authorize me to vote upon this speci-
fication otherwise than as " not guilty."
Mr. KING. I suppose there were some notes
taken of this testimony, and I ask that it be stated.
I think the property of one or more of these par-
ties was taken. I ask that the testimony be referred
to. That is my impression of the testimony.
The PRESIDENT/jrotaJiporc. That proceed-
ing is entirely out of order >u tins stage.
The Secretary continued the calling of the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, (when his name was called.)
I desire to say that I understand the specification
to be that he decreed the confiscation of property
of citizens ot the United States, and itis unneces-
sary to cover either the one or the other particular
case mentioned. I therefore vote "guilty."
Mr. HOWARD, (when his name was called.)
I regard the latter part of this specification as be-
ing immaterial, and as not constituting any part
ol thegrayaflmiof the accusation contained m the
specification. Believing that the material part of
the specification is sufficiently proved, I vote
" guilty."
Mr. HOWE, (when his name was called.) I
heard no testimony that would warrant me in
passing judgment. I therefore ask to be excused
from voting.
The question being put; the Senator was ex-
cused.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (when his name was
called.) Allow me to say a word. I did not hear
the testimony on this point, but I wish to say that
I would vote for the conviction of any man who
deliberately voted for the confiscation of property
not according to international law, or under the
Constitution of the United States; b)*£l vote " not
guilty" upon this proposition.
Mr. StfMNER, (when his name was called.)
I am not satisfied that the latter part of this speci-
fication is proved; therefore I vote " not guilty."
Mr. TRUMBULL, (when his name was called.)
I heard no proof that the'property of Andrew
Johnson or of John Catron was confiscated, but
I did hear proof, which satisfied me, that Judge
Humphreys, as judge of an illegal tribunal, did
decree the confiscation to the confederate States of
America of property of citizens of the United
States. I regard that as the substance of the of-
fense, and it is unnecessary to prove the particu-
lar instances. I therefore vote " guilty."
The call of the roll having been concluded, the
votes of the Senators were as follows:
Guilty—Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, How-
ard, Km?, Pomerov, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright-—11.
Ivot Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Col-
lamei, Cowun, DavW, Fes^enden, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Hailan, Harris, Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Donnell, Morrill, Nesmith, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Eyek. Willey, and Wilmot—24.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. On the second
specification of this article, 11 Senators vote the
accused " guilty," and 24 " not guilty." Tv/o
thirds not voting him " guilty," he is acquitted of
the charge contained in that specification.
The Secretary read the third specification of the
sixth article, as follows:
3 In causing, as judge of said illegal tribunal, to be un-
lawfully arrested and impugned within said State, citizens
of the United States, because of their fidelity to their obli-
gations as citizens of the United States, and because of their
i ejection of, and thcii resiftance to, the unjust and assumed
authoiiiy of said confedeiate States of America.
The roll was called upon this specification.
Mr. HALE, (when his name was called.) I
vote not guilty" on that, bccausc I think that
allegation, in an indictment, would be bad on gen-
eral demurrer. It does not describe what States the
citizens were of, nor their names, nor anything
about them.
The result was announced, as follows:
Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Brownine, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis,Dixon,Doolittle, Fe-senden. Foot,
Foster,Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howaul, Howe,
Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Tiumbull, Wade, Wiikin&on, Willey, Wilmot, and Wright
■1J5.
Not Guilty—Mr. Hale—1.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this speci-
fication of this sixth article, 35 Senators find the
accused " guilty," and 1 "not guilty."
The Secretary read article seven, as follows:
Art. 7. That s.iid Wctt II. Humphreys, judge of the (lis-
tuct court of the United Stntos as aforesaid, as^umin" to
act a* judge of said tiibunnl known as the dtMuct eouu of
the confederate States of America, did, in the year of our
Loid 1831, without lawful authority, and with intent to
injme one William G Browniow, a citizen ot the United
Slates, cause s:ud Browniow to be unlawfully arrested and
imprisoned within said State, in violation of the rights of
said Browniow as a citizcn of the United States, and of
tho duties of said Humphreys as a district judge ot the
United States.
The question being put, the vote was as follows:
Guilty—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler Clark
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot. Foster'
Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howaid, Howe, Ken-
Afl W mrr T th.i ni' I" .1 . ~T    rr . " .
-ight-
Not Guilty—Mr. Grimes—1.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this article
of impeachment 35 Senators v.oto the accused
guilty," and 1 " not guilty." This concludes
the action of the Court upon all the articles and
specifications in this impeachment.
Mi. FOSTER. I move that the Court be ad-
journed until half past four o'clock, when it shall
proceed to determine and pronounce its judgment
upon West H. Humphreys. ["Four."] Four
o'clock is suggested. I move that the Court be
adjourned until four o'clock, when the Court shall
proceed to pronounce judgment.
The motion was agreed to; and at a quarter past
three o'clock the Court adjourned until four
o clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume its functions as a legislative body as
soon as practicable. The Senate will come to
order. The Chamber will be cleared. The offi-
cers will sec that thefloor of the Chamberiscleared.
Senators will resume their seats.
