1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
of resisting it on its merits or demerits. He im-
agines the theory, and makes out. of whole cloth
an accusation that this* bill is intended to covet-
up the building of a tail road from Danville, Ken-
tucky, to Knoxviile, Tennessee; and he relies
upon thatargument to defeat a bill which is essen-
tial to the service ofthe country and the prosecu-
tion of the war. Now, sir, I repeat, it makes no
sort of dificrence, so far as that railroad is con-
cerned, whether this hill passes or not. If the
President intends to order a railroad to be built,
the passage of the bill will not aid him. He
can employ laborers enough to go and build it
at the usual wages, and he can employ civil en-
gineers for the purpose, so that this bill will not
help or hurt in this matter. I desire that the
House, in voting upon it, shall say by its votes
whether the five or six regiments of volunteer
engineers, now in the service, and acting as en-
gineers, are or are not to be paid as such. That
is the question which the House is to answer.
And fuither, the House is to say whethei, if in
the conduct of the war the President .shall deem
it essential for the service to augment the corps,
it will trust him with that authority or not; and
how far he can bo trusted. These are the only
things which the House is called upon to decide;
nothing nun e nor less.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGIL I understand'
that, the pievions qu< stion having been called, no
amendment is now in order.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
except by unanimous consent.
* Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I ask unani-
mous consent to offeran amendment, in order that
if the bill passew justice may be done to those per-
sons who have already enlisted in these engineer
regiments and been mustered, most of (hem, as
infamry. I know that the two regiments of whom
I spoke before have been musteied as infantry, al-
though they have bien doing serv ice ars engineers.
My amendment provides that they shall receive
pay for the time that they have been doing service
as engineers.
There being no objection,
Mr. VAN VAUCENTUIRGII offered his
amendment, as follows:
AlK't iho wont iiiint'N," in tin* amendment reported
from tile Commuter on Militan AlT.uo-, niM-rt the follow-
ing: or who having; been inu-.tered into any mm of the
service *h.tli have been employed n-. engineers or suppers
ami mineo,;" m> that the section will rend :
Siu: ,">. .find he it huthcr entitled, That all officer*, uon-
comini^-ioned [ofluvi:-.,] .md ptiv.ile-: liep'totbie nm^tejed !
into j-'Mwc* a- en'.'int'eiv or sippet<. and nnnei-, or who !
havmt' been nm>t<'ird latonuy arm oi (he service shall have
been employed a> eniMiieej-. oi •Mtppfi- and muieo*. shall i
in all leaped*, lie pl.u I'd on the s.uuc looting, a- to pavaml :
aIIo\v.\iiee>, hountie-, pension^, \.e.. a-> engineer olficejs, ;
non comun—ioned olheet>, and privates of ilie tegular
Anny, and shall be paid as such for services already ren-
dered.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am very glad that
the gentleman from New York has offried that
amendment. J did not know the fact to be that
there were any regiments mustered in as infantry
and subsequently employed a.s engineers. All (he
engineers in the volunteer service about whom I
happened to know the particular facts, had been
mustered in a« engineers—1 mean those in Mis-
souri, those in Kentucky^ spoken of by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Kellogg,] those
employed at Hilton Head, and a good many other
independent companies. I repeat, Mr. Speaker,
that I do not desue this question to bo icfern d to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 de.sire that the question may be taken
upon it in the House now, and let (he bill be either
passed or defeated by the vote of the House. 1
hope the House will pass upon the merits of the
bill; ihat it will vote it down if it thinks it unne-
cessary or improper to have more volunteer en-
gineer regiments m the service, or vote it through
it it thinks that those men who have given their
service to the Government are deserving of being
paid.
The motion to commit was not agreed to.
The question recurrcd on Mr. Van Valken-
Buhgii b amendment to the amendment; and it
was agt< ed to.
1 he question recurred on the first amendment
imported by the Committee on Military Affairs; i
and u was rejected. ' J
The question recurred on the second amend-]
meni icpurted by the Committee on Military i
Affairs,as amended by the amendmentof Mr.VAN
Valkenburgh; and it was agreed to.
Mr.. SHELLABARGER. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
amendment:
Add to the end of section one, the words—
Provided, That the said engineer volunteers shall not be
employed in the extension of any line of railroad, nor in
the construction of any new line of such road, which shall
not have been authorized to be extended or eoustiucted by
law of Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I object. I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following amend-
ment:
lu line five3 strike out the words " two majors," and in-
sert the words « one majorso that the clause will read :
Each regiment shall have one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel, one major, one surgeon, and one a^i^tant surgeon,
one sergeant m<ijoi,oneremniontalquarterma U;i sergeant,
one regimental commissary seiscant, one tiain sergeant,
one hospital steward, and shall he composed ot ten com-
panies, each company to consist of one captain, two first
lieutenant';, one second lieutenant, ten toigeants, ten cor-
poris, one wagoner, fitly privates of the that class, or
aitilicers, ami filty privates of the second class.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received, and agreed to.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer a verbal amendment, to add
the word "oiHcers^after the word "non-commis-
sioned."
There being no objection, the amendment was
received and agreed to.
rhe bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays G6; as follows:
YEAS—Messts. Aldrieh, Alley, Jo^ph Railv, Baker,
Bingham, Francis P. l !air, William G Brown, Bnflinton,
Calvert, Chamberlm, Clement*. Ct itUnulen, Davis, Dnwe-,
Delano, Oiven, Daniap. lily, l-Vher, FianU,«oodwin,Gri-
der, Gmloy, Ilaight, Hale, Hall, lJoopcr. Julian, Kelloy,
Francis W. Kcllojnr, William Kellogg Kimpp, Lazeai,
liovejoy, iUallory, Maynaid, iSlenzio^ Noell, Odell, Pen-
dleton, Pomeroy. Price, John II. ltice, Kichaidson, James
S. Bolhns, Sheffield, Spauldlng, John B. Steele, Benianun
F. Thomas, Tram, Van Valkenbimrh, Vibbard. Wallace,
Charles W. Walton, Albert S. White, Wickhllc, and
W rii^ht—57.
NAYS—Mespjs. Ashley, Baxter, Re.unan, Diddle, Jacob
B. Blair, S;unnel R. Blair, Blake, Geoi"^ II. Hjowne,
Campbell, Claik, Cobb, Coltax, Piedeitek A. Conklmg.
lloveoe Conkliug, Conway, Covode. Cox, Ctaven-, <;uiU;i,
Iid«erton, Edwaid.-s Ehor, l-Y^ouden, Hanehett, Hanson,
Ilolnnui, Morton, [Intchius, Laii-;n<r, Loomis, MePhewm,
IMoorhead, An^m |\ MoiuM, Motrin, Ni\on, Nugen, P.u-
lon, Peuy,'Pimothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porta, Potter. Kid-
dle. I'dwaid II Rollins, S.uaeni, Sedg\viek.Shank>, Sliel-
iah,u ei, Shiel, Sloan, Smith, William G. Steele, Steven?-,
Stratum, Tumble, Trowbtidye, Van Wyek, Vence, Voor-
hee?, ii. p. Walton, Wat-hburne, Wheeler,' Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodruff, and Woiecster—G6.
So the bill was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. ANCONA stated that he was paired off on
this bill with Mr. Wlbster.
Mr. COVODE (when his name was called) said:
I heard but little of this discussion; and 1 want
to ask the chairman of the Military Committee if
the Secretary of War has requested the passage
of this hill.
The SPEAKER. No discussion is in order.
A Member. He anys he has not.
Mr. OOVODE. Then I vote " no "
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM stated that he was
paired oil on this question with Mi. Van Horn;
otherwise he would have voted "no.35
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVEIl.
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that when
the House adjourns, itad journ until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, i mofe that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
IIOMKSTEAD JSILb.
The SPEAKER. Tim regular order of busi-
ness is tlie consideration of the bdi (H. R. No.
125) to secure homesu ads to actual s« iilet s on the
public domain, and to proude a bounty for sol-
diers in lieu of a grant of public lands, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
The pending question is the motion to recom-
mit the bill with the following instructions:
Strike out the eighth section of the bill, and insert:
•find be it fuither enacted ^ That the provisions of an act,
entitled " An act in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the militaiy service of the United States," approved
March 3,1855, j-liall extend to and beconstiued tocmbiace
the officers, soldiers, and seamen who have been engaged
in the military or naval service of the United States since
the 12th day of April, 1861, or who shall be engaged in such
service during the present war: Provided, however, That no
officer, soldier, or seaman shall be entitled to the benefit of
said act unless ho shall have been engaged in the service
aforesaid for a period of not less than sixty davs, or been
honorably discharged on account of wounds received or
bickness incurred while in the line of his duty in «ueh ser-
vice i Provided further, That the widows and children of
officers, soldiers, and seamen who shall die from wounds
received or sickness incurred while in the set vice of the
United States, as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the benefits
of said act.
And that thev further provide that this act, except this
section, shall not go into operation for the period of one
>ear after the clo^e of the wai in which we aie now en-
gaged.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose, sir, to enter into an extended discussion
of the measures pending. But so much time has
elapsed since this subject was postponed for future
consideration, and so many important measures
have in the mean time engrossed the attention of
the House, that a brief reference to the questions
involved may be justified.
The pending bill was reported to the House by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter,]
as chairman of the Committee on Public Lands.
It is, in its main features, a homestead bill,grant-
ing one hundred and sixty acres to every settler
on the public lands, its provisions are liberal.
Every citizen of the United States, or person who
has declared the intention to become such, being
the head of a family, or of the age of twenty-one
years, residing upon or cultivating a portion of
the public domain for the period of five years, be-
comes possessed of the freehold. It is not limited
to the landless,noris the extent of cultivation des-
ignated. Its benefits are placed within the reach
of every one, whether landless or not, who may
live within the reach of public lands. The fust
six sections constitute the homestead feature. The
seventh section confeis its benefits on all persons
in the Army of the United States. This is sur-
plusage, for they would be entitled to its benefits
under the general features of the act. Eut there is
a provision in the seventh section to which I
would invite attention:
That, as to all persons peifoiming service in the Navy
of the United State-; in the prcj-ent war, or in any foieigii
wai dining the -tune, the benefits of this act shall be in lieu
ot puze-money and all extra allowances."
Is this discrimination just? Why not impose the
same restriction on those engaged in the Army?
The citizen who has remained in inglorious ease,
eitherfrom choice or necessity, duringour national
perils may, without restriction,avail himselfofthe
benefits ot the law; but the men of the Navy, who
have achieved so much, who have added such
luster to your arms at Hatteras and Port Royal,
at Iloanoke and Fmt Henry and Fort Donelson,
who have forced their vessels into the very jaws
of the enemy's cannon, and achieved victory by
their unexampled temerity, are they to be less
favored than those who have rendered no peculiar
service, to their country? At a time, sir, when
you are striving to enlarge and increase the effi-
ciency of your Navy, this provision, in niyjudg-
ment, is peculiarly impolitic and unjust.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. i desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Indiana to the fact
that that provision is borrowed from the several
bounty land laws that have been passed by this
Government from the beginning. It does notin-
teifere with the homestead right of these men as
citizens; it only excludes those who, as sailors or
marines, not as citizens, claim the benefit of this
bill from accepting prize-money.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be observed that that
provision which applies to the naval service docs
not apply to the military service.
Mr. V ALL AND! GH AM. The reason is plain.
There is ho prize-money given to those m the mili-
tary service.
All. TIOLMAN. Pi ize-moncy is a peculiar feat-
ure in tin- naval service. It is one of the induce-
meuiri li-'ld out by the 17,nte<) Si.ifc* ond most
otln i natiuusto inspuegi> nter _-neigy ond courage
