1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
by name for the purpose of constructing a railroad
in the city of Now York? The same as would be
thought here. I desire to deal with the people of
this city, who are under our guardianship, as to
all matters of legislation, as if there was some
confidence due to them, unless it is betrayed.
Make your commissioners of inhabitants of this
city, where the railroad is to be; let them open
books of subscription to all the people, and let
the stock be taken honestly and fairlyand above-
board, without goins; around after other persons.
If persons in Nesv Yoik or anywhere else desire
to take stock in this road, let them come in and
subscribe.
With these views I desire to get back to the bill
which the Senate originated and passed, play out
that play, and let us see whether the House really
insists on their bill. Inasmuch us we cannot get
back to that bill by adopting the House amend-
ment with these amendments, I desire to reject it.
OPERATIONS NEAR. NEW ORLEANS.
Mi*. GRIMES. It may be a little pleasant
episode in this dry debate to have a dispatch read
to the Senate giving sonie intelligence.
The PRESI DING OFFICER". The dispatch
sent to the Chair by the Senator from Iowa will
be read if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
The Secretary read, as follows:
New York, May 7.
The steamerColumbiafrorn Havana arrived. The moitar
schooner Dan Smith, iroin New Orleans, April 25, arrived
there April 30, with dispatches of the bnmbaulmentoffoits
by our fleet fiom I8tii to 24th April, when the flag officer,
in the midst of a tcuific fire from the enemy, parsed the
forts and deployed eleven confederate gunboats. The
steamer Mississippi sank tiie lam Manama*. The national
gunboat Varuna blew up the enemy's gunboat Webster, and
then sunk herself. The chain across the liver wa« destroyed
by two of our gunboats. Enemy's killed and wounded
great. Took four hundred prisoners. Oui loss, killed and
wounded, one hundred and lomtceu. On mortar boats only
one killed and seven wounded. One magazine at Foit
Jackson blown up. Pire raft &et five to the Hartford—'dam-
age inconsiderable. Fleet has gone up to the city.
2oth. Tim icbels asking terms. Itcply, unconditional
surtendei. Foils treating for surrender.
27th. General Butler landed four thousand men above
forts. More tioops to go up the river after the removal of
obstiuctions.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will make an informal
motion, which I ask the Secretary to put in shape,
that the thanks of Congress be presented to Com-
modore Parragut and General Butler. I make this
motion now because I think that when good things
can bo done they should be promptly done.
Several Senators. No, let us wait till we get
official information.
Mr. McDOXJGALL. 1 make the motion; it
may be objected to or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
reccive no motion interrupting the business before
the body, without the unanimous consent of the
Senate. The Chaii understands the Senator from
California to make a motion unconnected with the
business of the Senate. Is there any objection?
Mr. COLLAMER. I object.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, as amended by the Sen-
ate, to the bill (S.No. 178) to incorpoi ate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in—ayes
five, noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is now in order I move
that the Senate ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How shall the
committee bo appointed on the part of the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL. By the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order will
be so entered. *
Messrs. Morrill, Grimes, and Davis were
appointed the committee of conference on the pait
of tiie Senate, by the President pro tempore.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the memorial of
Mr. Brock be taken from the table and referred
to the committee of conference.
Mr. HALE. I suggest that we cannot do that.
A committee of conference is a joint committee,
and on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want to have the document
before them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator repeat his motion ?
Mr. WRIGHT. The memorial of Mr. Brock,
presented by me three or four days ago, was laid
on the table. I move that it be taken up, and re-
ferred to the committee of conference on the sub-
ject of this railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves to take up the memorial
referred to by him.
The motion was agreed to. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The memorial
is before the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the memorial be
referred to the committee of conference.
Mr. CLARK, is that in order?
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The Chair does
not see but that it is in order, although it is cer-
tainly not according to the practice of the Senate
to send to a committee of conference any matter
except the bill which they may have in hand.
Still the Chair sees no objection to the motion as
a matter of order. What action the committee
can take upon it the Chair is unable to see.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want them to have the prop-
osition before them.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Ethemdge,
its Clerk;
Mr. President, the House of Representatives
has passed the following resolution, which I am
directed to communicate to the Senate:
Resolved, That a committee of two bo appointed to go to
the Senate, and at the bar thereof, in the nam<* of the House
ot Repiesentativesand of all the people of the United States,
to impeach West II. Humphreys, judge of the district court
of the United States for the seveial d^tiicis ofTennes«ee,
of high ctimes and misdemeanor^, and to acquaint the Sen-
ate that the House of Itepiesentauves will in due tune ex-
hibit paiuculiir aiticles of impeachment against lnm and
make good the same, and that the commitrce do demand
that the Senate take oider for the appearance of said West
II. Ilumphieys to answei said impeachment.
The Speaker, in accordance with the foregoing
resolution, appointed Mr. John A. Bingham and
Mr. George H. Pendleton the said committee.
The committee, Mr. John A. Bingham and Mr.
George H. Pendleton, thereupon appeared at
the bar of the Senate, and Mr. Bingham spoke as
follows:
Mr. President, by order of the House of Rep-
resentatives, we appear at the bar of the Senate,
and in the name of the House of Representatives
and of all the people of the United States, we do
impeach West H. Humphreys, judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the several
distiicts of Tennessee, of high crimes and misde-
meanors, and we do farther inform the Senate
that the House of Representatives will in due time
exhibit particular articles of impeachment against
him, and make good the same, and in their name
we do demand that the Senate take order for the
appearance of said West H. Humphreys to an-
swer to said impeachment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will take order in the premises.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to call up the bill
(H. It. No. 269) to establish a Depaitment of Ag-
riculture, with a view of making it the special
order for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope that will not be taken up.
I think these special orders ought not to be en-
couraged. The Senator can move to take it up at
any time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I concur in that, saving and
excepting as to the special orders moved by the
Senator from New Hampshire. They ought al-
ways to be made.
Mr. HALE. Since I have been in the Senate,
for more than thirteen years,! have never moved
more than three special orders. I am opposed to
them constantly. They embarrass business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
take up House bill No. 269.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the consideration
of it be assigned for to-moirow at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds of the
Senators present^voting therefor.)
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
ThePRESIDENTprotempore. TheChairwiti
announce the select committee upon the Subject
of the confiscation bills. The Chair appoints 4s
that committee Mr. Clark chairman, Mr. Con-
jlameit, Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Cowan, Mr. Wil-
son of Massachusetts, Mr. Harris, Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Henderson, rmd Mr. Wilj-ey".
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the announcement of
the committee just made by the Chair, I observe
my namc% I ask to beexcused from.service upoa
the committee. I am satisfied that I cannot serve
upon it with any profit, and that if any biii is to
be matured by this committee, my being upon it
cannot contribute to brinar about that result. I
have been upon one committee which has consid-
ered this subject; I have given my views to the
Senate. I was opposed to the raising of this com-
mittee, and therefore have not much confidence in
anything growing out of it. We all know that
persons are very ill calculated to accomplish an
object who have no confidence that they will ac-
complish it. Some of my friends who are forcori-
fiscation think differently; and those friends who
are for confiscation and who desire a bill to pass,
and who have been favorable to raising thiscom-
mittee, of going into hotchpot with those who are
opposed to confiscation—for wc know that every
opponent of confiscation was in favor of raising
this committee—if they have confidence that in a
consultation of this kind they can perfect a bill,
be it so; but under these circumstances, I cannot
conscnt to serve upon the committee,and I think
it would be useless for me to try to accomplish
anything: upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves that he be cxcused from ser-
vice upon the select committee on the confiscation
bills.
Mr. CLARK. I shall not vote against ex-
cusing the Senator, if he persists in requesting it;
but I hope he will withdraw his request to be ex-
cused, and remain upon it. Somegood may come
by attempting to harmonize the leading minds that
have been engaged on these various schemes. I
ask the Senator, if he will listen to my request, to
withdraw his motion, and remain upon the com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator's request is made in all kindness; but I am
satisfied for myself that it would be better that
some other person should go upon the committee.
I hope something will grow out of it; and I think
those who have confidence that it will, are the
persons to try to bring it about. I must insist
upon being excused.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, that
he be excused from service on this committee.
The motion was agreed to; und the President
pro tempore appointed Mr. Harlan in place of
Mr. Trumbull.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 297, a bill to limit the
appointment of major generals and brigadier gen-
erals in the Army and volunteers.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Hale, to strike out
"two hundred," and insert"one hundred and
eighty;" so as tomake the bill read: " thirty major
generals and one hundred and eighty brigadier
generals."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will make
a statement and then the Senate can act as it pleases,
whether it will adopt thisamendment or stand on
the original bill, which provides for the appoint-
ment o'f two bundled brigadier generals in the
Army and the volunteer service. I have taken
the trouble to make a list of all the general offi-
cers of the Army and volunteers. I find that we
have three major generals appointed in the regular
Army, and there is a vacancy, which, if it were
filled, would make four. There are eight brigadier
generals of the regular Army. In the volunteers
there are twenty-iwo major generals confirmed,
which would make twenty-six major generals al-
together. The Senate has adopted an amendment
to the original bill that makes the major generals
thirty, so that there can be four appoin tmen ts made.
These will be left open for any officers who msfy
