1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
Mr. HALE. No, sir; let it take the usual
course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over under the rule.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to ttie Senate copies of any general orders in the mil-
itary department of Missouri relating to fugitive slaves.
1 ask for the immediate consideration of the
resolution; and I desire to make an explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the resolution at this time.
The Chair hears no objection; and the resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, my attention
has been called, by letters from St. Louis, to cer-
tain general orders purporting to come from Major
General Halleck, in command of the department
of Missouri, relating to fugitive slaves, wherein it
is directed that such persons shall not be received
within his camps, or within the lines of his forces
when on march, and that any such persons now
within such lines shall be thrust out; and the
reason strangely assigned for this order is, that
such fugitive slaves will carry information to the
rebels.
Now, it is difficult to speak of an order like that
and to keep within bounds. Besides being ir-
rational and inhuman, on its face it practically
authorizes the surrender of fugitive slaves beyond
any constitutional obligation. Such an order must
naturally be disheartening to our soldiers, and it
gives a bad name to our country, both at home
and abroad.
General Halleck is reputed to be a good tacti-
cian; but an act like this, with which he chooses
to inaugurate his command, does not give to us
assurance of any great success hereafter. He
may be expertin all the details of military science;
but something more than that is now needed.
Common sympathy, common humanity, and com-
mon sense are needed in the conduct of this war.
I take the liberty here of saying—and I wish that
my words may roach him—that every fugitive
slave that he surrenders will rise in judgment
against him hereafter with a shame which no vic-
tory that he can win can remove.
I ask for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask that it lie over, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution,
being objected to, will lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe ii is too late to make
any objection. The resolution was taken up for
consideration, and I have made some remarks
upon it, and now the question is on its adop-
tion.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not object to its reception
at all. I only wish it to lie over until to-morrow
for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution was
subnutied by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the Chair called the attention of the Senate to it
directly and heard no objection; it is therefore be-
fore the Senate for its consideration, but a motion
to postpone it will carry it over, if adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I make that motion, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution is simply one
calling for copies of certain papers.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you desire any action
on them?
Mr. SUMNER. They may be important when
we get them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator desires it to be
postponed, 1 do not wish to stand in the way.
Mr. PEARCE. I really did not know what it
was, and I preferred in this case, as in all others
relating to the cause of agitation among us now,
that a little time for consideration should be given,
that we may not be taken by surprise. Of course,
it will come up to-morrow, and I shall make no
soit of objection to its consideration then.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
COLONEL DIXON II. MILES.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolution,
and, if theie be no objection, ask for its present j1
consideration: l!
I I
Ilcsolvcd, Thai the Pie.-idtMit bo lequeatul to furnish to H
the Senate copies of the charge-, testimony, and finding of i|
the recent court of inquiry, in the case of Colonel Dixon
H. Miles, of the United States Army.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate do
now proceed to the election of the standing com-
mittees for the session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr, President, the ordi-
nary method of electing committees is, I believe,
provided by the rule, that it shall be by ballot. I
have handed to the Secretary a list of nomina-
tions making provision merely to fill the vacan-
cies in the existing standing committees, which I
desire to have read, and then I shall ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to allow a vote on it
without delay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The list presented
by the Senator will be read for the information of
the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the following be the standing committees
of the Senate during the present session ;
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chairman,) Col
lamer, Doolittle, Wilmot, Browning, Polk, and Harris.
On Finance—Messrs. fc'exsenden, (chairman.) Simmons,
Sherman, Howe, Poarce, Bright, and McDou^aii.
On Commerce—-Messrs. Chandler, (chairman.) King,
Morrill, Wilson, Ten Eyck, Saulsbury, and Johnson of
Tennessee.
On Military Jiff airs and the Militia—Messrs. Wilson,
(chairman,) King, Lane oflndiana, Lane of Kansas, Rice,
Latham, and Nesmith.
On Naval Jljjaus—Messrs. Ilale, (chairman,) Grimes,
Foot, Sherman, Thomson, Kennedy, and MePougall.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chairman,) Foster,
Ten Eyck, Cowan, Harris, Bayard,and Powell.
On the Post Officc and Post Roads—Messrs. Collamer,
(chairman,) Dixon, Wade, Trumbull, Rice, Bright, and
Latham.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Harlau, (chairman,) Claik,
Pomeroy, Johnson of Tennessee, Kice, Nesmith, and Car-
lile.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Harris, (chairman,)
Fostei, Sumiiei, Polk, and Bayard.
On Indian Jlffairs—Messis. Doolittle, (chairman.) Wilk-
inson, Cowan, Lane of Kansas, Harlan, Nesmith, and
Starke.
On Pensions—Messrs. Foster, (chairman,) Lane of In-
diana, Howe, Wihnot, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, and WilJey.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. King, (chairman,)
Chandler, Wilkinson, Hale, and Nesmith.
On Claims—Messrs. Clark, (chairman,)Simmons, Howe,
Wilmot, Pomeroy, Polk, and Thomson.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Grimes, (chair-
man,) Dixon, Morrill, Wade, Anthony, Kennedy, and
Powell.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Simmon-*,
(chairman,) Sumner, Cowan, Thomson, and Saulsbury.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Foot, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Chandler, Bright, and Kennedy.
On Territories—Messrs. Wade, (chairman,) Wilkinson,
Hale, Browning, Johnson of Tennessee, Carhle, and
Pomeroy.
To Jixulit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Dixon, (chairman,) Clark, and Johnson
of Tennessee.
On Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,) Harlan,
and Powell.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane of Indiana, (chair-
man.) Moirill, and Latham.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Biowning, (chairman,) Wil-
ley, and Saulsbury.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) Collamer,
and Fessenden.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move the adoption of
the resolution read by the Secretary making those
the standing committees of the Senate for the
present session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
"Vermont moves the suspension of the rule re-
quiring balloting for the committees of the Sen-
ate, and that this resolution be adopted. The
Chair hears no objection.
The resolution was adopted.
EXPULSION OF MR. BRECKINRIDGE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following res-
olution, which I send to the Chair, and ask to
have it considered now:
Resolved, That John C. Breckinridge be, and he is
hereby, expelled from the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for action on the resolution at the present
time?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the resolution is now before the
Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I will simply state to the Sen-
ate that I think Mr. Breckinridge has resigned
his seat m the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky whether there is any doybt of his
now being in the rebel army?
Mr. POWELL. I do not know whether there
is any doubt about it or not.
Mr. CLARK. Then, if he is with the rebel
army, I hope we Bhall not wait to receive any
resignation.
Mr. POWELL. My only object was to an-
nounce the fact that, as I understand, Mr. Breck-
inridge has resigned his place in the Senate. I
have seen it so stated in the public papers in an
address from Mr. Breckinridge, which I believe
I have here. I showed it this morning to the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I should like to inquire if he
has not the same kind ofevidence that Mr. Breck-
inridge is now in arms against the Government
he had sworn to support, and an open traitor, as
he has of his resignation?
Mr. POWELL. I will merely say to the Sen-
ator that this address says he resigns his place in
the Senate for the musket.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator if he has not information of the same char-
acter as to iiis treason that he has in regard to his
resignation ?
Mr. POWELL. I have no information other
than I have given the Senator—this address, in
which he says he resigns his seat in the Senate
for the musket. I believe those are the words.
That is the only evidence I have. I have no doubt
myself, from his address and what I have heard
otherwise, that Mr. Breckinridge is in the army
of the confederate States. I believe he is there,
though 1 do not know the fact personally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not the common un-
derstanding that he is a general in the army that
is arrayed against this Government?
Mr. POWELL. I have stated to the Senate
that I so understood that he had been appointed
a brigadier general in the confederate army, but
do not personally know the fact. I also under-
stand that he lias resigned his seat in the Sen-
ate, and his successor is, perhaps, elected by this
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the fact that a
newspaper reports him to have resigned would
not be a resignation. The Senator from lientucky
could not resign his seat in that way.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will say to the Senator, as
far as that matter is concerned, that I do not know
that he has made any other resignation than this.
I suppose he has joined the army, but that is a
fact about which I have no personal knowledge.
I should like the resolution to lie over. I think
it entirely unnecessary to go through the form
of expelling a man who is not a member of the
body. .
Mr NESMITH. I hold in my hand the ad-
dress purporting to emanate from Mr. Breckin-
ridge, and signed by him. At the close of one
sentence he says:
" And now I hereby return the trust to your hands."
He is there referring to his position as United
States Senator. That, in substance, is not a dec-
laration of resignation, but it amounts to the same
thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky move to postpone the resolution
until to-morrow?
Mr. POWELL. Wo, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution; and I
will also suggest a substitute for it, if my friend
from Michigan will accept it. I offer the follow-
ing as a substitute, and then I shall ask the yoas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution as mod-
ified.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
Whereas John C. Breckinridge, a member of this body
from the State ol Kentucky, ha* joined tile enemies ot'Iiis
country, and is now in anas against thu Government he
had sworn to support: Theielbie,
Resolved,the said John C. Breckinridge, the trai-
tor, be, and lie is hereby, expelled from the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Michigan accept the substitute for his own
proposition ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on agreeing to the resolution as modified, and
on that question the yeas and nays are demanded.
