10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 36, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, Browning, Cailile, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan, Harris, Howe, Ken-
nedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
McDougall, Morrill, Ne.-mith. Pomeroy, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—36.
NAYS—None.
So the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
10) tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain
Wilkes, of the United States Navy, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 73) supplementary to the act entitled An act
to authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August 18, 185G; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
NEGKOES IN THE DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire to sub-
mit a resolution, and I will state the reason why
I introduce it. I should like action on it at this
time if there be no objection, and certainly there
ought not to be any.
1 hold in my hand the report of Mr. Allen, an
officer of the Government, m regard to sixty per-
sons confined in the jail of this city. Most of
them arc persona who have been brought by our
armies into the city, having run away from dis-
loyal masters, or who have been sent there—many
of them by disloyal persons—for safe-keeping until
the war is over. Here is a history of each one
of these persons, and a list of the creatures in this
city who have arrested them, and of the men that
we call justices of the peace wiio have committed
them, and a summary of the whole case presented
to the provost marshal of this city. I have been
in this jail; 1 went there yesterday; I have been
there to-day with several other persons, and such
a scene of degradation and inhumanity I have
never witnessed. There were persons almost en-
tirely naked, some of them without a shirt upon
them, confined there. Some of these persons are
free. One of them, a free boy from Pennsylvania,
came here with the fifth Pennsylvania regiment,
was found in the street and sent there. Another
boy, working for the public scrvicc here on the
railway, was taken up and put there. One old
woman was sent there by the wife of a former
Senator of this body, Mrs. Morton, of Florida.
She is owned in Richmond, by a disloyal person,
and she was sent to this jail to be kept until the
war is over. The whole history js here. I have
not time to give it, but i will have the summary
of it read. I submit a resolution to dismiss these
persons from this jail and to authorize the mar-
shal to provide them with the necessary means of
support until they can take care of themselves,
which all of them can do in a short time. I pre-
sent the resolution, and hope there will be no
objection now to its consideration.
;rhe VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read for information.
The joint resolution (S. No. 8) to provide for
the release of certain persons confined m the
county jail for the county of Washington, m the
District of Columbia, was read a first and second
time, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Howe of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmcnca in Congress assembled, That
immediately alter the passage of thi& joint resolution all
poiaons who may have been arretted a-? fugitive* from ser-
vice or labor and confined in the county jail for the county
of Washington. m the Uistuct of Columbia, shall be dis-
charged tlKiefiom. And the mai-ha! of the routed States
for the Daniel of Columbia is hereby authonzed and di-
rected to fuuiu-h to such of the s-aid persons so ditohaigcd,
as in hi< opinion mav need assistance. supplies of pioViS-
lon1- and clothing, until they can tind employment or be
otheiwise provided toi.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what committee
does the Senator propose to lefer his resolution?
Mr. WILSON. If Senators wish to refer it, I
.shall not make any objection: but while the ques-
tion is under consideration I should like to have
the summary of Mr. Allen's report read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Summary.
From the foregoing leport, it appears that there are now
confined in the city jail, in the condition before stated, sixty
colored persons, male and female, because, as generally al-
leged in their lespective commitments, they were suspected
of being runaways, and no proof had been adduced that
they were not runaways, when in fact not the least oppor-
tunity had been allowed to adduce any proof whatever of
their real status, (many of them offering to do so, and ap-
pealing in vain for^o reasonable a puvilege,) and they have
been huriied off to prison, with the expectation or. the part
of the committing policc and magistracy that if they were
not sometime claimed as slaves, their bodies would at least
bring the amount of their fees, at public auction.
Of these victims of official cupidity, some, it will be seen,
iiave been fieemen from the North, coming with and be-
longing to United States legimeuts, iu the capacity of ser-
vants, &c., leaving free and happy homes behind them, to
contribute their mites and peril their lives in the cause of
then country.
Others have been fresh deserters at the same time from
the most abject slavery and the menial service of the rebel
army, into which they had been impressed by their disloyal
master*. Scarcely had they completed their arduous and
perilous flight, and landed, footsore and weary, beneath
the Star Spangled Banner, when they weie seized by wait-
ing policemen and carried to jail u for safe-keeping" for
their icbel masters..
Otheis having succeeded in escaping from the service of
the rebel army, and eluding for awhile the vigilance of the
police, have enlisted with their colored brethren of the
Noith in the service of the Federal Army, until they have
been found out and captured by the faithful minions of
slavery and disloyalty.
Others still, it will be seen, have been committed to jail
by the agents of disloyal paities now in the rebel service,
ufor safe keeping until the war is over while all are ac-
knowiedgedly in prison without the least offense, and if not
made of use to the Government or themselves, may be made
of seiviee to the rebels.
Besides many of them arc supposed to be possessed of
important mfoimation in regard to the condition of the lehel
army, and the conduct and whereabouts of disloyal peisons
Within our lines, but such is the miserable condition of the
jail, and the uncomfortable situation of its inmates, to say
nothing about the jealous and austere official surroundings
of the place, that it is impossible to elicit such information
in a proper manner without a radical change of circum-
stances. I have thcrefoie to suggest that these sixty unfor-
tunate "contiabands," (whose names are appended,) be
set at liberty, under the protection of the provost guard,
to engage in the; numerous useful and remunerative situa-
tions open foi them, in the city, on their individual paroles
to report at rhio office, for the purpose of giving infoimation,
&e., in <uch manner as may be required. Those that arc
not found «tuctly " contraband," oi free, can be otherwise
piopeily disposed of after examination.
The oppoitumtic-j of the slaves in the rebel States, and
paiuculaily m the rebel armv, foi becoming possessed of in-
formation that would be valuable to u>, are peculiar. [lav-
ing the run of the camps, as servants, and waiting upon
all grades of officers, they have a chance to see all that is
going on, and to hear the conversations of those likely to
be best posted on the strength, condition, and position of
the army. Although unconscious of the value of the in-
formation they thus casually become possessed of, and
almost unaware of the possession of the information itself,
when they come among us it may be picked out of them
like the crude diamond out of its native bed, and as the
latter is polished into a thing of priceless beauty, may be
woven into a chain of information of incalculable value to
the Government.
I have, therefore, to suggest that all justices of the peace
in the Distuct of Columbia he instructed, when hereaftar
any " contiaband " is biought betore them as a runaway,
to immediately send him ot hei to this office, for the pur-
pose oi giving information, &c.
When it i> taken into consideration that this District is
the grand center to which de eiters and fugitives from all
quarters of the rebel seivico tend, I think that the impoit-
ance of acting on this suggestion will not go unperceived.
I further submit, Genera!, that the justices and police
ofiiceis cngagtd in the arie^ung and committing of these
"contiabands" have, many of them, been guilty of know-
ingly and willfully abducting by force, persons m the indis-
pensable service ot the United'States Army, (m someca*es
entiidy disregarding militaiy Sec.,) thiHtraitoiou^ly
intet/ering with the internal economv of the Army, if not
materially enpphng it"? efficiency; while all of them have
been engaged in a business winch, as sarie men, they must
have, known was calculated to weaken the Fedeial cause
and stiengthen the cair-e of the lebels. I have, therefore,
to respectful!} suggest that all ot these oUiecrs be anested
and incidentally tK-ated to a very slight expeiience of the
imprisonment winch they have been so ready to inflict on
others, m the way of committing them "for safe-keeping"
until they can be requned to take the oath ot allegiance,
specifying, among other things, that they will not hereafter
inteiieie with any persons tiiatmoj be contraband of war,
without first bringing them to ihi> office lbi examination.
I submit that, unless, this be done, all contrabands rising
hither fiom the service of the iehf4 army, however lmpou-
ant mfoimation they may be posse^scd'of, are likely to be
taken up by these vampires and tlnu^t into jail, the Gov-
ernment deprived of the benefit of what mfoimation they
may possess, and the fugitives themselves finally relumed
to their lebel masteis.
Besides, if it becomes known abroad that contrabands ai e
ai rented and committed to jail immediately on arriving hei e,
it will of course deter them fiom coming hoie, it not fiom
leaving the rebel service ; and in this way, also, the Govern-
ment will be depuved ot the benefit of the mionnauon pos-
sessed by this valuable class ot desciteis
The names of the sixty "contiabands" that I recom-
mend to be discharged fiom impii>omnent, as above, on
then paroles, for the puipo^e of giving information, and
having their status declared by the proper authorities, will
be found appended to this leport.
Also the names of the police officers and justices of the
peace who have been engaged m this " contraband trade,"
for such disposition aa you may think proper to make of
them.
All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient
seivant, J- ALLEN.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I heartily con-
cur in the objcct desired to be attained by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and I hope the reform
at that jail will be carried much further, for I have
known something of it for some months; but I
suggest to him that in his resolution he onght to
put the names of the persons that are to be dis-
charged. The resolution is a general one—that
all persons who are fugitives shall be discharged.
The names should be put into the resolution, for
the protection of the jailor. He may hold them
under a proper commitment, and it should be
known who are to be discharged. It may be that
some of those persons maybe apprehended again
by thevery same people who arrested them before,
and be again thrust into the jail; ond it would be
desirable to know whether a justice here would
arrest a man that had been oncc discharged m this
way. I think we cannot accomplish the purpose
effectually unless we put the names in the resolu-
tion, or refer to the names contained in that report.
It should be made particular and specific.
Mr. HALE. I am very glad, sir, that this
report has beenmadeand presented here, because
it will help to answer a question that was put to
me a great many times long and long ago—what
the North had to do with slavery ? 1 think when
the northern States find out that they are sup-
porting here in jail the slaves of rebels who are
fighting against us—that we are keeping at the
public expense their slaves for them, until the
war is over—it will have a tendency to en-
lighten some minds in regard to the proper answer
to that question. I shall go for the resolution,
and for everything that tends to carry out its ob-
ject. But while I am up, sir, I want to go a step
further, for I think this is an appropriate time
for saying what I want to say upon the subject.
The difficulty lies in the ad ministration ofjustice—
in the judiciary of this District. I undertake to
say, and put what little reputation I have at stake
on it, that on God Almighty's earth there is not
a community, calling itself civilized, that has a
worse administration ofjustice than this District,
and from that I except no tribunal from the Su-
preme Court up, or down, as you choose to take
it, to a magistrate's court. It has been my lot to
go before magistrates' courts in this District, and
I will tell you that history, so that you can get a
little idea of how law is administered here.
In the first place you do not have the beginning
of a criminal process here, but that it costs some-
where in the neighborhood of $175, the public
Treasury always paying it. The result is that
you have filled your District with magistrates who
are anxious to get up prosecutions. Since I have
been a member of this body, one of my colleagues
in the other House was arrested on the oath of a
crazy man, charging him with stealing a railroad.
[Laughter.] Mr. Bodisco, the Russian minister,
Mr. Calderon, the Spanish minister, Genera! Scott,
and almost all the characters of that description
in this city were summoned as witnesses. My
colleague was arrested, and notwithstanding it was
as palpable a case of hallucination on the part of
a crazy man as could be, he actually had to come
into the Senateand summon rao arid my colleague
here to go to the navy-yard before that magis-
trate ^to get himself freed fiom the thraihlom of
imprisonment on the charge of a crazy iyumi for
stealing a railroad,and stealing it in New Hamp-
shire too. [Laughter.]
It astonished me beyond measure, when I came
to inquire into the subject, to find thatUncic Sam
footed the bill; that no matter what the cmne was,
the public Treasury was to pay the costs. I went
then as a witness. I had occasion oncc aftonvai ds
to appear for a friend who was m custody before
a magistrate sitting in this Capitol I went in.
I asked to see the process by which he was held.
There was none. 1 asked to see the piecent by
which he was taken. There was none. I asked
by what authoiiiy he was held there, and the
magistrate said that one of the messengers, whom
he named, had told htm that the Speaker said the
man must be arrested, and that was everything
under heaven that the magistrate had before him,
