2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
The PRESIDENT prolemjiort. These are new
and rather unfamiliar questions in tfm body, and
the Chair is not inclined to enforce any stiict-rule
that shall debar Senators from a hearing on these
questions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate thbughtbrat
to appoint a committee to look into these mat-
ters to advise them as to the course of procedure.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut was ap-
pointed chairman of that committee. I had the
honor to be associated with him, with the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and I
think it would be advisable for Senators to take
somewhat the advice of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut as to the mode of proceeding,
for you come to precisely the same result. It is a
double question, and when presented to be voted
upon, any member has a right to demand that it
shall be separated, and the vote taken separately
upon the two propositions; first, whether the guilty
party shall be removed from office; and second,
whether he shall be disqualified. The two prop-
ositions are in the hand of the honorable Senator
to be presented to the Senate to be voted upon sep-
arately, first one, (hen the other. These do not
constitute the judgment. We are simply now ad-
vising what judgment we will give, and after we
have taken the advice of the Court together, we
then propose the judgment. If the Court advises
both sentences to be pronounced, one of removal
and the other of disqualification, your judgment
record is already drawn, to be approved by the
Court. I feel called upon to say this much, be-
cause the matter has been mainly put into the
hands of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, who has given his attention to it, and I think
it would be well to follow his advice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ! have very serious doubts
whether it is a double question, whether the whole
is not one judgment, "Judgment in cases of im-
peachmentslmil notextend fui tlier than to removal
from office, and disqualification to hold and en-
joy any office of honor, trust, or profit under the
United States." I am not sure but that when the
Constitution says it shall not extend further than
that, it necessarily follows that it shall extend that
far. It ia not in the alternative, and I am by no
means satisfied that that consequence does not ne-
cessarily follow the conviction. It is a limitation.
As ia well suggested by my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Wilmot,] could you impose that lat-
ter part without the former? Could you decide
that he should be disqualified to hold and enjoy
any office ofhonor, trust, or profit? If each prop-
osition is independent, it must bo able to stand
by itself without affecting any other. Iam by no
means satisfied that these are independent propo-
sitions, It seems to me that altogether the safer
way is to take the question on them together.
The PRKSlDENT;)ro(emj)0)'e. The Cliuirwill
suggest that both these propositions be read from
the desk, and that the vote be taken on each sep-
arate proposition, which will comprehend the
amendment moved by the Senator from Illinois.
The first proposition will be read.
The Secretary. " Is theCourt of opinion that
West H. Humphreys be removed from the office
of judge of the district court of the United States
for the districts of Tennessee ?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Now the sec-
ond proposition will be read.
The Secretary. " la the Court of opinion that
West H. Humphreys he disqualified to'hold or
enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit under
the United States?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not satisfied with
that——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the judg-
ment of ihe Chair these arc distinct and separate
propositions, and aie diusible on the call and as
the personal right of any member, and the yeas
and nays will bo taken on the first proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall feel constrained to
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I think
that they are not independent propositions. Sup-
pose we should reject the first one and adopt the
last, what is our condition? He goes out of office
when we have rejected it, and say that he shall
not go out of office. If you put these propositions
sep,irately, it is competent for the Senate to vote
against the first proposition, which is that he shall
not be removed from office; and when we have
said that, then we may adopt the second propo-
sition, which declares that he ia .forever disquali-
fied from holding an office. That is inconsistent.
One involves the other. The Senator from Maine
suggests that the last involves the first and not the
first the last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not addressing the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The suggestion was loud
enough to be heard, I beg my friend from Maine
to remember. It seems to me it is just the same
thing. It is just as bad if the last involves the
first, as it would be if the first involved the last.
I moved as an amendment to the origina 1 propo-
sition what was stated by the Clerk, and I think
that is the proper way to get at it. The separate
propostions as they are now oIFcred will neces-
satily require two votes, and I prefer having it in
the shape in which it was first offered with the
amendment as I proposed it.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend that, if his amendment should be adopted,
I presume it would be within the power of any
Senator to cull for a division of the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wot at all—not in my view
of it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is, according to your
argument, it would not be within the power; but
still it does seem to me that it is a question in its
nature divisible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That involves the whole
question. If you can call for a division, you can
vote separately. I agree to that. That is the very
point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair fol-
lows the precedent in the only case that has been
called to iho notice of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will state to the Chair
that the precedent goes no further than the first
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. And that is
evidence that it was treated as a divisible propo-
sition taken altogether, as the Court adopted but
one branch of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not seen what the
judgment was that wasentercd in that case. Does
not the record stop there ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. " On the ques-
tion, ' is the Court of opinion that John Pickering
be removed from the office of judge of the district
court for the districtofNew Hampshire ?' the yeas
were 20, the nays 6"—precisely in the form which
has been proposed here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no judgment be-
hind that, as I understand.
Mr. COWAN. Nobody moved any.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I take it
the test of the divisibility of a question depends
upon whether there can be a vote left after it is
divided, let the first be decided as it may. That
is the criterion; that, if after you have voted
" yea "or" nny" upon the first article of division,
there is still a question to be decided if the decis-
ion be either way. Now, in this case, suppose
the proposition to be that this man be deprived of
office, and that he bo rendered ineligible, and it is
divided, and the voto shall be that he be not de-
prived of his office: is there anything left? There
would be nothing left to vote on, because the ren-
dering him ineligible hereafter is only a conse-
quence of the first, and rests injudicial discretion
whether we put it on or not. It is not, in my ap-
prehension, divisible, because a vote m one way
on the first branch would render it impossible to
get along with the sccond. I am, therefore, of
opinion that,as this matter stands, the honorable
Senator Irom Illinois is right in his proposition.
He offers a substitute for the proposition to re-
move from oflice. If the Court adopt that substi-
tute, the question will be whether they will vote
that as bemg their judgment, that including both
branches. If they do not mean to extend it to
both branches, they should reject his substitute
and pass upon the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
disposed to take the sense of the Senate upon the
questions directly, and that may be as well done
upon the question of the amendment moved by
the Senator from Illinois as upon a more indirect
question of the decision of the Chair; and the
Chair, therefore, will entertain the motion of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer that, and with-
draw my appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thefirstques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Illinois, and that will test the judgment of
the Senate upon the question.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. To that I move as an
amendment what is proposed by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, so that both proposi-
tions in the language offered by the Senator from
Conn—
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Chairun-
derstands that if the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois be adopted, the proposition
as amended will embrace both propositions, and
cover the whole penalty provided for in the Con-
stitution.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not attach any im-
portance to the decision that may be arrived at on
this question in relation to the case now under
consideration. I apprehend there is but one mind
among Senators; we shall all arrive at the same
judgment ultimately, whether we take the ques-
tions separately or together; but in my judgment
it is important how we decide the question now
submitted. It strikes me as clearly a divisible
question, one of two branches. We have the au-
thority of an adjudicated case of the action of the
Senate, in which they found a judge guilty upon
impeachment, and entered against him a judgment
of ouster from his office; going no further. I ap-
prehend it was competent for them to do that.
They were not bound to attach to it the other con-
sequence that may be attached to it under the Con-
stitution, of disqualification forever thereafter to
hold office. It may frequently occur—it occurred
in that case, it may occur again—that a majority
of the Senators would feel it their duty to vote for
his ouster from office, and would not feel it their
duty to vote for his disqualification forever there-
after to hold any other office under the Govern-
ment, however unimportant. If you are compelled
to put the question, and the whole question, as
one question, to put it altogether, men who are
unwilling to vote to disqualify him forever, dis-
franchise him forever, will be constrained to vote
that he be ousted from office, and also to vote for
another proposition, which in their judgments
would bo unjust. That would follow inevitably;
and after you had taken the question on them
jointly, I apprehend you could not return and di-
vide them, and take the propositions separately,
so as to say whether he should be ousted from
office.
I do not perceive any difficulty in arriving at it.
It is not two judgments. In a case where fine and
imprisonment are to be inflicted as the punishment
for an offense of which the accused has been con-
victed before a court, the court, I apprehend, may
to-day determine that it will impose upon him a
fine as a part of the punishment, and may hold
under advisement until to-morrow the other ques-
tion as to whether it will follow it likewise with
imprisonment, and when it has made up its mind
on both propositions it enters the one judgment
including them both, and it does not enter it until
it has decided finally upon both.
Again: it is said that one of them is the incident
and consequence to the other, and if we do not
adopt the one we cannot adopt the other. That
not unfrequently occurs. It is sometimes, by the
law of some of the States I know, provided that
the punishment of an offense shall be imprison-
ment, a portion of the time of which imprisonment
may be solitary confinement, but it is not bound
to be; the judge is not compelled to affix that as
part of the punishment. It may be imprisonment
at hard labor, and a part of the time in solitary
confinement 
Mr. WADE. I want to k now whether this de-
bate is in order. If not, I call to order. We shall
never get through if we do notinsist on the rules.
Mr. BROWNING. I wait and abide the de-
cision of the Chair and the Senate.
Mr. WADE. So do I.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Chair
is called upon to decide on the rule, the rule is
very explicit, leaves no room for doubt that these
questions are to be decided without debate. That
is the language of the rule. The Chair has already
said that this beiog a novel proceeding, unfamiliar
to the present members of the Senate, the Chair
was not disposed strictly to enforce the rule; but
when the Chair is appealed to to enforce the rule
he has no discretion left.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the rule touch this stage
of the proceeding ?
