1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
onel. It has been deemed wise to have both a
colonel, and a lieutenant colonel to take the place
of the colonel when the colonel is away. That
is a very good arrangement; but I venture to say
there are some Senators who would like to limit
the number of colonels. Why not limit them?
Why not let us say there shall be two thirds as
many colonels as there are in the service? Why
not have that the law, and fix the number?
Next wc come to brigades. I may be wrong
about it, but I have conceived that every brigade
ought to have a brigadier general. It seems the
military committee do not think so; it seems the
military committee have come tothe conclusion
that it is not best to have as many brigadier gen-
erals as there are brigades.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him whether he knows how many brigades
there are?
Mr. HARR.IS. Fiom the best information I
have, and I think the Senator will not contradict
me, there are more than two hundred brigades.
[" Oh, no."] At all events, it is conceded here
by Senators that they cannot tell how many. Is
there any particular vii^ue in the number two
hundred? One Senator wants one hundred and
eighty. Is there any particular virtue in that? I
suppose that we should have as many brigadier
generals as there are brigades.
Then again, going up a grade, the army is di-
vided into divisions. The brigadier generals are
commanding those divisions, and there is no Sena-
tor here who will say that wc have brigadicrgen-
erals enough now to command all the brigades,
after appropriating brigadier generals to the other
branches of the. service to which they are devoted.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. I say so, and fifty
per cent. more.
Mr, HARRIS. Will the Senator account for
the fact which has been stated over and again here,
that there are some seventy brigades without a
commander ?
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator account for
this fact, that there arc but thirty-eight brigades
in the army of General Halleck in Tennessee?
Where are the other brigadier.generals?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know where they are.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that there is a distin-
guished brigadier general from the State of New
York, who, I understand, was in search of a brig-
ade, and he was sent down to Old Point Comfort,
and was there a few days ago; but he was unsuc-
cessful in the search, and could find no brigade. I
presume there are a great many more in the same
conditio n.
Mr. HARRIS. I dare say there is such a man,
and I dare say he is from New York.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator from
New York will allow me, I can inform him where
some of the brigadiers are. We have in Kansas
about ten thousand troops, and we had there the
other day, Brigadier General Craig, Brigadier
General Sturgis, Brigadier General Denver, Brig-
adier General Bncc, Brigadier General Blunt, and
Brigadier General Mitchell.
Mr. GRIMES. Was not Doubleday there too ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, but he is not a
brigadier. There were six brigadiers in Kansas
to ten thousand men. General Sturgis has been,
within a few days, ordered to report here in Wash-
ington, General Denver has been ordered to report
to Halleck, and General Craig has been ordered
to Laramie, where there are, I believe, three com-
panies of troops. We have now in Kansas Gen-
eral Brice, General Blunt, and General Mitchell,
with less than ten.thousand troops.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not pretend to have gath-
ered statistics m relation to this subject. No Sen-
ator seems to bo able to make an exact statement,
but I assume that we have something like six hun-
dred thousand men in the Army, and I assume
that a brigade consists of three regiments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Four regi-
ments, always.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not care whether it is
three or four. For the most part the brigades are
made up of three regiments. So far as my own
personal observation is concerned, the brigades
are of three. I do not know a brigade that has
four regiments in full. Now, a little figuring will
show that really we want more than two hundred
brigadier generals, if we appropriate so many of
them as are undoubtedly devoted to the office of
major general.
Mr. COLLAMER. Are there no t some brigades
that have not even three regiments?
Mr. HARRIS. I think a brigade must consist
of not less than three regiments. But, sir, at all
events, I have said more than I intended to say,
and I should not have said half as much if I had
not been interrupted so often. What I want to
say is, that I have no fancy for this sort of legis-
lation, putting a strait-jacket on the President and
on the Senate, so that there shall be an arbitrary
limit to the number of general officers to be ap-
pointed. I think you might as well fix and limit
the number of colonels and captains. I do not
know whjM-hjs shdDfcl be done. I have no par-
ticular objection to this arrangement, except that
I do not fancy this kind of legislation; I do not
see what good will grow out of it. I have no idea
that the President will appoint more generals than
the service needs, and I have no idea that the Sen-
ate will confirm any more than are needed. If the
service demands more than is here proposed, we
should have no law to limit it. We ought not to
have this Strait-jacket kind of legislation.
Mr. CHANDLER. This seems to be a mat-
ter of figures simply. We know that we want a
brigadier for four thousand men, and hence we
know that we want one hundred and fifty briga-
diers for six hundred thousand men. It is simply
a matter of ciphering- This amendment proposes
to fix one hundred and eighty as the number of
brigadiers. That gives you thirty brigadier gen-
erals to command divisions, and one hundred
and fifty to command brigades. But the Senator
from Massachusetts told us this morning that the
number of men in service did not excced five
hundred and twenty thousand. If that be so,
this amendment clearly gives you some thirty
brigadiers more than you want, or can possibly
use. I am of the opinion that the number pro-
posed is too high. I think one hundred and sixty
brigadiers are more than you could possibly use,
both in commanding divisions and brigades. It
is a mere question of figures. If you have six
hundred thousand soldiers you know exactly to
a man how many brigadiers you want; you want
one hundred and fifty, and you now have more.
The Senator says you want a certain number of
major generals. How many? I understand you
have now twenty-two major generals. How
"many more do you want? I think you have
enough, and more than enough.
I hope the Senate will reduce the number of
brigadiers from one hundred and eighty, as pro-
posed by the amendment, to at least one hundred
and sixty, for one hundred and eighty will leave
us certainly twenty, and I think thirty, more than
we can possibly use, and their office will be a mere
sinecure. Without any intent to do wrong, or to
create unnecessary officers, but because some Sen-
ator has a favorite whom he wants made a briga-
dier general and urges it, and urges it beyond the
power of resistance, in comes a message saying,
that at the request of Senator so and so, or Rep-
resentative so and so,accrtain man is nominated
brigadier general, not because the service needs
it; that is not pretended; but because Senator so
and so wants it. Now, if Senator so and so wants
it, I do not. I propose to put a limit somewhere.
I think the limit proposed here will give us more
than we want, and more than we can use. Wc
have more than the proper number now. I think
we ought to authorize the President to strike some
of them from the roll. Of course, whatever the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
says on a question like this, I take to be law. If
he says we require this number I shall vote for it,
but I think he is mistaken; I think it ought not to
be more than one hundred and sixty.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When we
passed the act of last summer raising five hundred
thousand men, we provided that the forces should
be divided into divisions, to consist of three brig-
ades, and that each brigade should have four or
more regiments, and therefore a brigade cannot
be less lawfully than four regiments, or four thou-
sand men. In the army of the Potomac, or any-
where where I have any personal knowledge, I do
not know any brigade that has less than four regi-
ments. The brigades are usually made up of four
regiments of infantry; a few of them have five,
and some of them have a regiment of cavohy at-
tached to them, and nearly all have a battery.
I will say further, that when we passed this act
we provided for the appointment of six major
generals, and that the number-of brigadier gen-
erals should not exceed eighteen. At that time
when we authorized the bringing into the field ot
half a million of men, we only provided for tiie
appointment of six major generals, and not more
than eighteen brigadiers; but before we adjourned
on the 25th of July last, we passed another bill,
in which we incorporated this section:^
"That the President shall be authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of tire Senate, for the com-
mand of the volunteer forces, such number of major gen-
erals and brigadier generals as may, iu his judgment, be
required for their organization."
That left it unlimited. Now we have two hun-
dred brigadiers, enough to officer two hundred
brigades, which at four regiments each,would con-
sist of eight hundred regiments. We have noth-
ing like that number. We have not seven hun-
dred. I will say further, that although we provide
in this bill for thirty major generals altogether, or
rather for twenty-six majorgenerals of volunteers,
it takes several of these major generals to com-
mand departments or corps. Some of them, a
very few, are simply commanding divisions. Most
of the divisions are commanded by brigadier gen-
erals, and that of necessity leaves some of the
brigades to be commanded by colonels. It will be
remembered also that we have the nafhes of some
twenty-five or thirty generals sent in to be acted
upon by us, who are not yet in the field at all, and
who may have a chance to do so if the bill be
passed as originally introduced.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think it is a matter of re-
gret, if we have too many generals or are likely
to have too many, that the fact was not discov-
ered before. I think if the gates are shut down
now, injustice will certainly be done to the ser-
vice, or at least to persons constituting a part of
the service. It may be that there may be a su-
perabundance of generals in one State largely out-
numbering its regiments; but it does so happen
in consequence of the ability on the part of some
persons to reach high quarters, that while some
States have a larger number of brigadiers than
corresponds with the amount of their regiments in
the field, others have not. I happen to know of
a State having two full brigades m the field, one
of them no doubt yesterday in action and cut
up severely in General Hooker's division, and
another brigade pushing on up the York river and
engaged I believe in the affair at West Point, and
each of these brigades is commanded by a colonel,
and that State has not this day a single brigadier
general from the volunteer force.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator that the State of New Jersey has
four brigadier generals confirmed,and one whose
name is before us that I think ought to be con-
firmed. The Senator says he is a most excellent
officer, and all my information supports that dec-
laration.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I made no reference to any
particular State, and I did not mean to make any
such reference. It was not worth while to do so,
and it might be considered indelicate to make men-
tion of any particular State m such a connection.
But as the Senator from Massachusetts has called
my attention to the fact that j^cw Jersey has four
brigadier generals, I beg leave to state that Gen-
eral Kearney, who was a regular Army officer
serving in Mexico, has been nominated, and he
was for a time in the command of one of our brig- .
ades, and he now commands a division on the ex-
press request of the general-in-chief. The two
brigades from our State, we having another regi-
ment down in North Carolina, under General
Burnside, are commanded by senior colonels and
by colonels alone. General Kearney was selected
from the Army and occupied the position which
I state, although he is now assigned to the vol-
unteer force.
Mr. GRIMES. He was not taken from the
Army.
Mr. TEN EYCK. He was originally, but he
was selected at this time from civil life. He now
commands a division or corps, (Varmee or some
department. General Brown, the gallant defender
of Fort Pickens for seven long months, has been
nominated brigadier general by brevet, and is now
in command of the harbor of New York. General
Montgomery has been ever since his appointment
military governor of Alexandria or some other
place, and he wasappointed upon the jointrecom-
mendation of the States of New Jersey and Fenn-
