1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
and on that he held the man on a criminal charge,
called in another justice to associate with him,
and actually ordered a citizenof the United States
to give bail in a large sum upon that arrest—an
arrest made upon hearsay, brought to him through
two or three channels, and when you got to the
origin, it was that the Speaker said he ought to
he arrested. 1 could give the names and the par-
ties if it were necessary.
These facts that I state came under my own per-
sonal knowledge; and now I will go a little further,
and state some facts that do not come under my
personal knowledge. Having these magistrates,
and having this public Treasury to go to for the
purpose of paying all the expenses, there are
among the city ordinances of Washington some of
the most disgraceful ordinances—some that would
disgrace Constantinople—in regard to the free col-
ored population of this District, No matter how
long a man has lived here, no matter how correct
a life he has led, no matter how exemplary he
may be in all the walks of life, if he has a com-
plexion a little daiker than—I was going to say
yours, sir, but I will not, [laughter]—he is lia-
ble to be at oncc arrested and earned to jail, and
kept in confinement, unless he pays to the officer
making thearresta fine of several dollars. It was
hoped when we passed the new metropolitan
police bill that we had remedied that; that we had
turned out those Democratic cormorants who had
been feeding so long on this sort of plunder, and
put in a new set of virtuous, upright men. But,
sir, the result has verified again the old story of
the fox that was in the brambles, the flies waiting
for his blood-, he prayed that the old ones might
be allowed to suck, for they were nearly full; and
for Heaven's sake that they might not be driven
off to bring in u more hungry crew. That 1ms
been the condition of the free colored population
of this city under your metropolitan police bill,
the policemen being tempted by the fine which is
imposed. I have it from men whom I would
believe as readily as I would believe any man on
this floor, though their complexions are a little
darker, that the worst days of Democratic oppres-
sion were nothing at ull to what they have been
called upon to suffer under your metropolitan
police bill.
Sir, I read not long since, with some pleasure,
a message from the present Governor of South
Carolina to the Legislature of that State, in which
he said that he hoped the day was far distant when
the State would neglect to extend its protecting
energy to that unfortunate and defenseless class
of their population, the free blacks. If there bo
any duty which this Congress owes to humanity
and u> itself, a is to look tnto the administration
of justice in this District, and to see to it that those
who have been ground to the earth heretofore may
not be ground still more under your auspices and
your reign. I hope that the intelligent, the hu-
mane, the philanthropic Senator from Massachu-
setts—I do not mean the distinguished Senator,
[Mr. Sumner,] but the one who introduced the
resolution, [Mr. Wilson*]—will pursue his in-
quiries further, and find out where the cause of all
this evil is, and apply the remedy. "We owe it
to the people of this District and of this nation
that we do not suffer .such a disgrace to rest upon
our history; and 1 give notice that if nobody else
does it, I shall endeavor to introduce into the Sen-
ate a bill that shall have some tendency to remedy
tho evils of which I complain.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Perhaps it is proper that
I should inquire from the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who made the report which has been
read here to the Senate?
Mr. WILSON. This paper which I hold in
my hand is a report made by E. J. Allen to Gen-
cial Porter, tin* piuvost maishal of the District.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not know who he
is, and there are many things in the paper that
would probably he placed at least in a different
form if the facts were presented to us hy a com-
mittee of the Senate who had considered the ques-
tion. Taking this paper—for it is not a report—
and the iesolufion together, they present matters
for ^iwve consideration, matters that are entitled
to consideration by the Senate through all its cus-
tomary fonns. if this had been a report from a
committee of the Senate on so grave a question, I
should not object to its present consideration •, but
us it is a statement of some one that I do not know,
and that 1 mi ppose Sena tors generally do not know,
and is not official in the sense of legislation, I want
to see what some competent committee- of the
Senate have to say on the subject. In order that
I may be able to act upon the information that
comes from committees, I move that the jointres-
olution be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, for it involves some considerations that
belong to the administration, if not to the inter-
pretation of law.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to refer-
ring this resolution to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, or thcCommittee on the District of Colum-
bia, or any other committee of the body. I have
called the attention of the Senate to this subject,
because my notice was attracted to it by a gentle-
man who had examined this report, I went to
the prison and saw those poor creatures yester-
day. To-day, 1 took several gentlemen to that
place to witness what I had seen; and I say here
now, that if any Senator will go to that prison
he will find that all his better nature will be shocked
by what he will witness. I think these persons
there held ought to be dismissed from that vile
place as soon as possible.
Now, sir, I want to say a single word in. regard
to the observations of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale..] 1 agree entirely with
that Senator in what he has said of the courts of
justice of this District. I hope before this Con-
gress adjourns, that the judiciary system of the
District will be entirely reorganized, and that we
shall have judicial tribunals worthy of a Christian
and a civilized age, and that the justice-of-thc-peace
doggeries about this city, that are a disgrace and
a dishonor to humanity, will be abolished. There
was one remark made by the Senator in regard
to the new police, which I think I owe it to the
Senate to notice. During the autumn, I have been
called upon repeatedly by colored persons of the
most respectable character in this District, and
asked if, in organizing* the police of the District,
we intended to oppress them as a class, and they
said that they had never been so oppressed as
during the last few months. I supposed that the
police, under the act of the last session, had been
engaged in this work, but on calling upon some
of the police commissioners I found that they have
been otherwise instructed. In this report, I find ,
a list of the persons who have made these arrests, I
and that they arc county constables. Here is a
list of these county constables engaged in this in-
famous business; and also a list of the justices of
the peace engaged in this work of shame:
Names of Police Constables and Justice•? of the Peace en-
gaged in arreting " contrabands," and committing them
to the Washington jail:
Constables.
Aquilla It. Allen,
James Belt,
A. XV. Pobzell,
Gcoige Donaldson,
J. T. Donaldson,
John Drill,
Gootge W. Duval!,
CliJules G. Eckloff,
F. Fcaifon,
Samuel Fcwon,
Jo-eph A. Gill,
r.unek Gormley,
William Homer,
P. Kocl'e,
C. Kimball,
J. F- Km?,
Robert Kins,
Frederick Knight,
John T. Lewi-!,
Fiancis Lur-by.
15. Martin,
It. T. Martin,
M. McNamara,
Enoch Moroiand,
John II IVewman,
Ileniy E. Noiris,
James Ciuigley,
E. Reynolds,
William Rollins,
James U. Scarf,
Gc:oi«p Sheeple, (or Shipley,)
William Smith,
J A. Suit,
Chailer! R. Thompson,
Lewis Whalin,
J. V*. William.?,
Thomas Williamson,
John Wise,
J. S. Woitliington,
Thomas Young.
Justices of Ike Peace.
J. W. Batnarlo, 5'. McKonna,
John D. Claik, F. J Murphy,
James Cull. H. G Mutiay,
Thom<i« C. Donn, ficniy Reaver,
U. W. Ferguson. D Rowland,
GjiljoMt L. Gtborson, XV. Thompson,
J. U. Johnson, Chailes Walter,
\V. Albert King, K. White.
One of these constables, a Mr. King, notorious
here m this city as one of the creatures that live
by this business, took up a poor boy named Arm-
strong, who ran away from Alexandria, joined
an Ohio regiment, and was left in this city when
the regiment went home. He took him to jail,
and took from him a dollar and a half that the
soldiers had given him.
1-hope, sir, in the first instance, that these per-
sons will be discharged as speedily as possible;
and then that a law w ill be passed punishing any-
body for arresting such persons, and that all the
laws in the District of Columbia oppressive or de-
grading to any portion of the people will be wiped
from the statute-book; and that all the ordinances of
the city of thatcharacter will be annulled, and then,
I trust, that judicial tribunals will be established
worthy of us, and that a system for selecting
jurors will be adopted which will secure the ends
of justice; and then 1 hope that slavery will be
swept away forever from the District, and the
national capital freed from its pollution. The
prison which stands in this city is a burning shame
and a disgrace to our country, and I hope it will
be leveled with the dust, and that a prison fit to
keep human beings in will be erected. The other
day the French legation carried to that prison gen-
tlemen who had traversed the world examining
prisons, gentlemen who were investigating the
subject of prisons, and their construction and dis-
cipline. The jailor told me yesterday that, after
they had gone through this prison, they observed
that they had never seen anywhere such a prison,
with one exception, and that was in Austria. If
Senators will go to the prison, if they can bear to
go there, and contemplate for a few moments what
their eyes will look upon, I think they will then
be disposed, at any rate, to liberate these poor
creatures who arc confined there for no offense
whatever, and to construct a prison worthy of a
Christian people.
I am willing that the resolution shall go to the
Judiciary Committee if Senators desire, or to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, or to any
other committee. I only hope that whatever com-
mittee it may be sent to will take speedy action
on the matter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not wish to delay
action. I am bound to believe that the Senator
represents the facts correctly; but yet there is an
objection to proceeding now, and it is that by so
doing we should be regarded as proceeding upon
the paper that has been read, to which I except
as not a document such as ought to govern sena-
torial action. It may be understood by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and they may report
promptly. I prefer acting on their report with
regard to the measure itself.
And now I want to say something move. The
Senator from New Hampshire, and the Senator
from Massachusetts, have spoken of the admin-
istration of justice by the courts in the District of
Columbia. 1 suggest to those Senators whether
it would not be better to propose some remedy,
and to discuss the remedy when proposed. If
tfiey would introducea resolution, and refer it to
the Judiciary Committee, to inquire into this
business, and report some bill, it might be well.
I do not know, I am sure, how the laws are admin-
istered in this District, and many other Senators
do not. When we shall be regularly advised on
the subject, for myself, I can say that I shall be
ready to afford any remedy in my power as a
Senator, as far as my vote may go, to correct the
abuses suggested; but f do not think a discussion
of the administration of justice generally germane
to this question. I think tins resolution should
be referred to the Committeeon the Judiciary; for
I want to understand how far these parties have
acted in conformity to law. If they have acted
in violation of law, let them be punished. I
should like to be informed from tne committee
formally what course we should adopt, after they
have considered the subject. I have no doubt
that the Senator from Massachusetts is correct in
his observations m regard to the prison; but all
Senators cannot go to the prison, and be informed.
We have aceitain form and way of ascertaining
these things, and I prefer to follow it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President,! think
wo should be careful not to do injustice to others
with reference to matters the fault of which lies in
some degree at our own doors. As to this prison
which is spoken of, I believe it is in the recollec-
tion and knowledge of most of us that repeated
efforts have been made to induce Congress to
make the necessary appropriations to do some-
thing better in that particular, and that Congress
has invariably refused on one plea and another—
that we had not money enough, that we were doing
enough for the District, that we must be careful
about our appropriations; and without looking1
into the matter and seeing whether it was true or
not that we had a place which was a dis^rdees as
my friend says, to a civilized community, we have
refused to make the necessary appropriations, m
