1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2955
if the gentleman will listen to me for one moment
he will see the propriety of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will suggest that it was the
very extraordinary haste with which the other bill
was put through that renders this bill necessary.
Mr. OLIN. I know it is. That renders it
necessary that this bill should be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the gentleman certain that
this bill is so carefully prepared that further legis-
lation will not be required to correct it again ?
Mr. OLIN. It is the request of the War De-
partment that this bill should be passed, to rem-
edy the defect of the other. The bill is in accord-
ance with the recommendation ofthe Department.
Mr. POTTER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that, if he will hear the explanation
of the gentleman from New York, I presume he
will not object to the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to it.
Mr. OLIN. The bill which was passed the
other day inadvertently put out of office every
brigade surgeon now in the employment of the
Government. The bill was not designed to ac-
complish that object, but to authorize the transfer
of such brigade surgeons to wherever the condi-
tion of the Army requires their service.
Mr. WICKLlFFE. Is that the bill we passed
the other day?
Mr. OLIN. It is.
Mr. WtCICLIFFE. I take it, the gentleman
from New York voted for that bill,
Mr. OLIN. No. I did not vote for it. I was
not in the House. I say the design of the bill was
not to turn out cf office every brigade surgeon in
the Army,"but simply to transfer the control and
assignment of such brigade surgeons to the Sur-
geon General of the Army.
For instance, if there were surgeons attending
to their duties upon a brigade not in battle, not in
active service of war, and there should occur, what
sometimes happens, a battle elsewhere, it might
be desirable to have power to assign such brigade
surgeons to another point in order to discharge
their duties there. That can be accomplished sim-
ply by authorizing the Surgeon General to control
the brigade surgeons, and to send them wherever
the exigencies of the service at the moment may
require. Thus you would be able to set .along
with a much less number than the exigencies of the
service would otherwise require. Now, I hope,
without further delay, the House will pass this bill.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
and ordered to a third reading.
The bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rebellion losses.
The regular order of business being called for,
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 403) relating to claims for the loss and de-
struction of property belonging to loyal citizens,
and damages done thereto by the troops of the
United States during the present rebellion; upon
which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not see the gentleman
from Missouri in his place. 1 do not think it is
right for me or for any other member, at this time
of the day, to take up the time of the House in the
discussion of this bill, which is a very important
one. If I can have an understanding that the bill
will come up to-morrow as unfinished business, I
prefer taking that time to say what I have to say.
The objcct of the bill is to appoint a commission
to take evidence in reference to the damage done
to the property of loyal citizens during the present
rebellion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that this bill is the
morning hour business from day to day until dis-
posed of. Whenever the call of committees is in
order, this is the first business.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. J move that the consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. FENTON. If there be no objection, it will
go over until to-morrow morning as a matter of
course, and without any motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will go over till to-morrow.
NAVAL BUSINESS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. This day was assigned by
the House for the consideration of business re-
ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs. As,
however, the day has been consumed by the trial
of the impeachment case before the Senate, I ask
the House to assign another early day for the
consideration of that business. I would suggest
Tuesday next, after the morning hour.
No objection being made, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
rebellion losses again.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquire
what became of bill No. 401?
The SPEAKER. Itgoes over until to-morrow.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not so un-
derstand it. I inquired once before, and I will
inquire again, who lias the floor on that bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wickliffe] will be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand, if
no objection is made, it goes over until to-mor-
row; otherwise, to-morrow being private bill day,
it goes beyond to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Its consideration can be post-
poned by a vote of the House to-morrow.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is it in oi der to-
morrow, unless unanimous conscnt is given now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair once stated to the
House that if there were no objection the bill
would go over until to-morrow morning after the
reading of the Journal. The Chair heard no ob-
jection.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. When my col-
league [Mr. Sedgwick] got up to make a sugges-
tion,! did not suppose this matter wasdisposeel of.
I think this bill ought to be acted upon at an early
day. I do not want to delay it at all, and that i«
the desire of my colleague [Mr. fejvton] who has
it in charge. I desire to be heard on it. Five
speeches have been made in its favor and one
against it. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wickliffe,] I suppose, desires to be heard against
the bill; and I suggest that instead of having it
come up during the morning hour each morning,
which subjects members speaking tobeingbroken
in upon, it had better be postponed to some day
certain when itcan be debated and a vote had upon
it. I make that suggestion as much foi the interest
of the gentleman having charge of the bill, as for
any other purpose.
Mr. FENTON. Say Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the bill
went over until to-morrow by unanimous consent;
and the Chair thinks it too late now to raise the
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to in-
quire whether the tariff bill was not made the spe-
cial order from day to day until disposed of?
The SPEAKER. In Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but unless the House
go into committee, it would not come up.
pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the 16th of this month
the House adopted a resolution directing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to furnish certain infoi ma-
don to the House at the next session in reference
to the pension laws. I understand from the Com-
missionrrof Pensions that thnt information cannot
be furnished without an extraordinary amount of
labor. I ask, by unanimous consent, that a reso-
lution, which I send to the Clerk's desk, may be
adopted in lieu of that resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution,as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to furnish to the House, at as early a day as may be prac-
ticable during the next session of Congress, a tabular state-
ment of the number of persons on the pension roll of the
United States, at the vaiious rales of pension ; the service
rendered by tueh pensioners ; whethei m the regular Army,
militia, volunteer service,or Navy; and the number of ap-
plications for pensions pending and undecided at the time
of making sucli repoit.
No objection being made, the resolution was
agreed to, and substituted for the previous reso-
lution.
bounty to soldiers.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following lesolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas It is just and proper that all those sokheis of the
United State® Army who have volunteered to serve for three
years or during the war, under the act of July, 1861, and
who have since been discharged, or may hereafter be dis-
ohaiged, from such service before they shall have served
two years, by reason of physical disability incurred while
in the service, should he entitled to the same bounty of $100
as provided in said act in behalf of those who may serve
lor two years, or may die in the soivice : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affahs be, and
they are hereby, requested to examine into the propuety of
gi anting them &ueh bounty, and that they report by bill or
otherwise, as justice shall demand.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed the following joint resolution
and bills; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, namely:
An act to carry into effect the treaty between
the United States and her Britannic Majesty for the
suppression of the African slave trade;
An act to increase the compensation of the sur-
veyors of customs at Albany and Troy, in the
State of New York, and for other purposes;
An act to grant the proceeds of the sales of cer-
tain public lands to aid in the construction of a
Northern Pacific railroad;
An act for the relief of Jane B. Evans; and
A joint resolution to change the name of the
schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean Eagle.
tax on bank circulation.
Mr. LOVEJOY asked leave Lo introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of imposing: a tax
on the bank circulation of the country, and lepoit by bill
or otheiwisc.
Mr. STRATTON objected.
change of names op vessels.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to inquire into the expediency of vesting m the Secretary
of the Navy authority to chance tlie names of vessels on
application of the owners theieof, and lepoit by bill or
otherwise.
senate bills referred.
On motion of Mr. ALDRICH, the House pro-
ceeded to the business on' the Speaker's table;
when the following Senate joint resolution and
bills were taken up, read a first and second time,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 340) for the relief of Jane B. Evans
—referred to the Committee on Patents.
A bill (No. 360) to grant the proceeds of the
sale of certain public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of the Northern Pacific railroad—referred to
the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
Joint resolution (No. 94) to change the name
of the schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean
Eagle—referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 275) to increase the compensation
of the sui veyors of customs at Albany and Troy,
in the State of New York, and for other purposes
—referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 352) to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and her Britannic
Majesty for the suppression of the African slave
trade—referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
faiis.
competency of "witnesses.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report hack
from the Committee on the Judiciary bill of the
House No. 340, in relation to the competency of
witnesses in trials of equity and admiralty.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
post route bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the u nanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads a bill to establish
additional post routes. I will state that the Post
Office Department are preparing the advertise-
ments for the new routes authorized by the bill of
last month. This bill establishes a few routes
which were not included in that bill, but which
have come in since. I gave notice to the House
at that time that wc should report supplemental
routes. If this bill is passed, these routes can be
advertised so as to go into operation the ensuing
year. If it is not passed, they will go over for
another year.
There being no objection, the report was re
ceived, and the bill was read a first and second time.
