1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
Mr. FENTON. I am not going to objcct to
this now.
There being no objection, a bill to establish a
port of entry in the collection district of Beau-
fort, South Carolina, was introduced, and read a
first and second time.
The bill establishes a port of entryanddelivery
in the collection district of Beaufort, in the State
of South Carolina, at or near Hilton Head, to be
called the port of Port Royal, subject to the same
regulations and restrictions as other ports of en try
and delivery in the United States; a collector of
customs, to be appointed by the President, to re-
side there, who is to receive a salary of $1,500,
and inspectors, weighers,gaugers, measurers, and
other officers, to be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, on the nomination of the collector,
at rates of compensation similar to those paid to
like officers at other ports.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it the object of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to have the bill acted on
now?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir. The Department is
waiting for it now in order to have the port opened
at once. It is deemed impossible to carry on the
operations of the port unless it is established
nearer to the army than Beaufort. A letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury is with the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY OPERATIONS.
Mr. COX. I ask to have read a dispatch from
General McClellan, which has been handed to me
by a Cabinet officer.
The dispatch was read, as follows:
[Received 7.50 a. m.]
headqfartetts army potomac,
Williamsburg, May 6.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
I have the pleasure to announce the occupation of this
place a-? tlie result ot the haid-fought action of yesterday.
The effect of Hancock's brilliant engagement yesterday
afternoon was to turn the left of their line of works, lie
was strongly reinforced, and the enemy abandoned the
entire position dating the night, leaving all las sick and
wounded in our hands. His loss yesterday was veiy severe.
We have some three hundred uninjured pi isoners, and more
than n thousand wbunded. Their loss in killed k heavy.
The victory is complete. I have sent cavalry in pursuit;
but the road> are in very bad condition. I Mi all pu«h my
movements most eneigctically. The conduct of oni men
has been excellent, with scaieely an tweoptmn. The ene-
my's works are very extensive and exceedingly stiong, botli
in respcct to their portion and the works themselves. Our
loss was heavy in HookeiM division, but very little on other
parts of the field. Hancock's success was gained with a
loss of not over twenty killed and wounded. Weather good
to-day# G. 13. McCLELL£tfss
Major General Commanding.
BALTIMORE MOT.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask leave to present an
act of the Legislature of Maryland, passed at its
recent session, for the relief of the families of the
Massachusetts troops who were killedor wounded
in the riot of the 19th of April 1861, in the city of
Baltimore,and the proceedings of the Legislature
of Massachusetts in relation thereto. I ask that
they may be read and printed, as a refreshing evi-
dence, in these days of national discord, of re-
turning fraternal feeling, and as a fit accompani-
ment of the newsof the glorious successes of our
Army.
The Clerk read, as follows:
No. 99. An act for the relief of the families of those of the
Massachusetts Sixth Regiment of Volunteers who were
killed or wounded in the not of the ]9th of April, 1861,
at Baltimore.
Whereas the sixth regiment of Massachusetts volun-
teers, on their way to delcnd the national capital, were
brutally attacked by a mob in the streets of Baltimore on
the 19tli day of April, 1861, and three were killed and eight
wounded ; and wheteas the State of Maryland is anxious
to do something to efface that stain fioin liei hitherto un-
tarnished honoi: Therefore,
Be il cnactcd !>y the General Assembly of Maryland, That
the sum of ,$7,000 be, and the same U heteby, appropriated
and placed at the disposal of Ili-s Excellency John A. An-
drew, or any one seringas Governorof the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, who shall d^burse the same in tiie man-
ner and propoition he thinks best for the relief of the fam-
ilies of tho^e belonging to the sixth regiment of Ma^aehn-
<etfs vohmteeis who were killed or disabled by wounds
received in the not of the 19th of April in Baltimore.
Sec- 2. Jind be il cnuttcJ} That this act fchalltake effect
from the date of its passage.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Jn the year 1862.
Resolve in relation to the act passed by the General Assem-
bly of Maryland for the relief of the families of the killed
and wounded of Massachusetts at Baltimore, on the 10th
of April, 1861.
Resolved, That the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
hereby acknowledges the liberal appropriation of her sister
State of Maryland,"tor the relief of the wounded, and of the
familiesof'the killed of the sixth regiment of Massachusetts
volunteer^, in the lamentable occurrences at Baltimore on
the 19th of Apnl, 1881. The people ot Massachusetts will
welcome with sincere and cordial satisfaction this evidence
of the generous sympathy of the people of Maryland, which
will tend to nestoie and strengthen that kind and fraternal
feeling which should ever exist between the citizens of the
different States of this Union.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of this resolve to his Excellency the Gov-
ernor of Maryland, with the request that it be laid before
her Legislature at its next session.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move that the whole pro-
ceedings in relation to this matter be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
EXCUSED PROM SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask to be excused from ser-
vice on the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, as I find myself wholly unable to give
the matter that attention which it seems to re-
quire.
The question was taken; and Mr. Kelley was
excused.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the consideration of the following
resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions:
Resolved, That J. Sterling Morton is not entitled to a seat
in this House as a Delegate fiom theTeriitoryof Nebia&ka
in the Thirty-Seventh Consres-s.
Resolved, That Samuel G. Daily is entitled to a seat in
this House as a Delegate fiom the Temtoiy of Nebraska in
the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I regret, Mr. Speaker,
that the Globe containing the proceedings of yes-
terday is not before me. but 1 have no doubt that
it will reach here before I conclude my remarks.
It is not often, Mr. Speaker, that 1 indulge in
illustrating points by anecdote; but the chairman
of the Committee of Elections illustrated a point
by an anecdote, and I should not presume to do
so now but for his example; and if there is a
want of taste in it, for this presence, it is his anec-
dote, not mine. Sir, the anecdote told by him so
completely illustrates the case that he now has,
that I cannot resist the repetition of it.
The gentleman said, in illustrating some point
the other day, that he was familiar somewhere
with a case where the counsel for the defense m
an indictment for adultery, or something of the
sort, thought they had succeeded in proving an
alibi. They established it to their satisfaction;
but the defendant could not resist the temptation
to say to the court that the witness had not told
the truth, and his explanation showed him guilty
of the charge in the indictment.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had suc-
ceeded in making a good case yesterday by spe-
cial pleading, and excluding the testimony of Mr.
Pentlandj showing the means by which a fraud
was sought to be perpetrated, and a fraudulent
commission sought to be palmed off upon the
House. But the sitting Delegate from Nebraska
put all that to flight. He tells the House that he
was present when Pentland wrote out the com-
mission; that he saw Governor Black step to his
bureau and take from the drawer thereof a wafer
purporting to be the great seal of the Territory of
Nebraska, and put it on. This was all done in
the presence of Daily, at Nebraska City, fifty
miles from Omaha, the seat of government, where
it is falsely stated the certificate purports to be
signed and given. The sitting Delegate himself
stamps the whole thing as a fraud.
Sir, what sort of position would a man occupy
in a court of justice indicted for trying to pass
counterfeit money, who made the statement that
he was present when it was done, that he took it
and passed it? Do you think the court would
allow him to say more r Is that the sort of acase
that is piesented in the American Congress upon
which to base the title of a gentleman to a seat in
this House as the peer of every member here ?
Mr. NOBLE. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether the Governor of Nebraska
has the ri<rht himself to attach a seal to a paper?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly not under the
law. Certainly not. It belongs to the Secretary
of State.
t Mr. DAWES. Allow me to put a single ques-
tion to the late Governor of Nebraska. I would
like to know whether there is anything.in the or-
ganic act of the Territory or in the laws of the
Territory establishing u seal at all?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman is con-
cluded upon that point. He has brought here a
fraudulent seal, and he cannot escape by saying
there is no law authorizing a seal at all. It will
not do, when a gentleman brings a fraudulent
commission here, to turn round and plead that
there is no law authorizing a seal at all.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that my friend from
Illinois will not tear in rags and tatters an inno-
cent interrogatory of mine. I am concluded, but
it is because my friend declines to answer my
question. I had another question which, I pre-
sume, my friend foresaw 1 was going to ask.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me for a moment. If
the gentleman had answered tny innocent inter-
rogatory in the negative, I proposed to follow it
by asking whether, if there was nothing in the
organic act or statu tesoftheTemtory of Nebraska
establishing a seal at all, whether the Governor
had not as much right to attach it as anybody
else ?
Mr. RICHARDSON, Oh, you may twist this
thing round in any way you please. You may
quibble about it as you will. The fact still re-
mains that you have brought here a fraudulent,
forged certificate. You try to sustain it by per-
jury and bribery, and all your quibbles will
amount to nothing in an investigation like this.
Mr. NOBLE. If the gentleman from Illinois
will allow me for a moment, I wish to ask him
what has been the practice in reference to the at-
taching of seals in that Teriitory? Whether it
has been the practice to attach them by the Gov-
ernor or by the Secretary?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was Governor of that
Territory during the period of one year. I made
out repeated commissions, pardons, and all sorts
of things; I sent them from my office to the Sec-
retary of State, and he put the seal upon them. I
never heard their validity questioned until now in
this bad case which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts presents.
Mr. DAWES. Will my friend answer the
question which I asked ? If he will, I will promise
not to put the second question, of which I gave
notice.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, you will not em-
barrassmehalfasmuchasl will you. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Very likely I will not, but I
promise nevertheless not to ask the second ques-
tion if the late Governor of Nebraska will be kind
enough to inform the House whether there is any-
thing in the organic act or statutes of the Terri-
tory of Nebiaska establishing a seal at all, or
making anybody the custodian of the seal.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I never investigated the
matter. I never heard any one question it until
now. I found a seal in existence there, and used
it for a year. I find both of these gentlemen com-
ing here and claiming seats, one with a genuine
seal, and the other with what purports to be a seal.
I find everybody conceding the necessity for a
seal upon every paper that is to be valid coming
fiom the Governor of the Territory.
Mr. DAWES. One single word, with the per-
mission of the gentleman. The gentleman says
that when he went to Nebraska as Governor he
found a seal there, which he took up and used
without ever knowing whether there was a law
establishing it or not. Now, I want the gentle-
man to sav whether, if he had the authority to do
that, Governor Black had not the authoiity to do
the same.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I never put on a fraud-
ulent seal, nor any other kind of seal. I sent the
papers to the Secretary of the Territory for the
seal to be attached to them. God forbid that sus-
picion should attach to me that I had torn from
another paper a seal to give to anybody to palm
off as genuine.
But, Mr. Speaker, truth is consistent. It is
consistent with every other truth. Falsehood is
inconsistent with truth. Falsehood is inconsistent
with itself. Now, sir, let us look at the position
in which thi  matter is presented to the House.
This gentleman comes herewith votes canvassed
