2956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. COLFAX, Two or three members of the
House desire to putin additional post routes, and
I therefore move to recommit the bill, and ask that
the motion may go over till to-morrow.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that motion will not
prevail. The Senate will eoon send a message
informing the House that they are ready to pro-
nounce judgment in the matter of the impeach-
ment, and it will be necessary for the House to go
over to hear that'judgment pronounced. They
are now deliberating with closed doors on forming
their judgment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion.
JACOB GATES.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported back
bill of the House No. 39, granting an invalid pen-
sion to Jacob Gates, and moved that it be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, be printed.
Mr. BLA.IR, of Pennsylvania. 1 ask that that
bill be put upon its passage. I am sure that ifgen-
tlemen will hear the report they will not object.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. _ I object to the
consideration of the bill at this time. Under the
rules, it must have its first consideration in a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
The bill was then retorted to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
TRIAL OF JUUGIi HUMPHREYS AGAIN.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I am directed by the Senate to notify thf
JIou*c that the High Omit of Iinpoachmont i* now toady
to pronounce judgment against West II. Humphreys, and
requiting the attendance of the House of Representatives,
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House for
the purpose of proceeding to the Senate to attend
the further prosecution of the trial of West H.
Humphreys.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and proceeded to the
Senate Chamber to attend the further prosecution
of the trial by the Senate of the impeachment
against West II. Humphreys; and after some
time spent therein, the committee returned into the
Chamber of the House; and the Speaker having
ie>mmed the chair, M r, Wasuuuun'K repoited that
the committee had, according to order, attended
the trial by tho Senate of the impeachment against
West H. Humphreys, judge of the district court
of the United Stntea for the several districts of
Tennessee, and that the said Judge West H.
Humphreys had been found guilty by the Senate
of the matters whereof he stood charged by the
House of Representatives, as contained m its ar-
ticles of impeachment exhibited against him.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUFF1NTON, the
House (at ten minutes past five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fhiday, June 27, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OATH OF OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT pro iemnorc appointed
Messrs. Trumbull, Davis, and Kino the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate on
the disagreeing; votes of the two Houses upon the
bill (S. No. 37]) to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes.
PETITION.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying; for the adoption of measures
for the enlargement of the locks of the Erie and
Oswego canals to a size sufficient to admit the pas-
sage of vessels adequate to the defense of the
northwestern lakes; which was referred to the
Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and the Militia.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the biii (S. No. 336)
to provide for further distribution of the public
documents, have instructed me to report the same
without amendment, and recommend its passage.
It is but four or five lines, and will create no oppo-
sition. I ask that it be considered at once.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Itproposes
to direct the Superintendent of the Public J?rinting,
under the advice of the Committee on Printing
of the two Houses of Congress, to print such an
extra number of documents ordered to be printed
for either House or the Departments, as may from
time to time be deemed advisable, and to sell the
same at cost to any person wishing to purchase
them.
The bill was reported to the Senate "without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have that bill
lie over. It is giving very extraordinary powers
to the Committee on Public Printing to print any-
thing that a Department may desire for the benefit
of anybody who wants to buy books.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not object to its lying
over; but perhaps, if I explain the bill, my friend
will withdraw his objection. Our Government
is the only one, I believe, where the papers or-
dered to be printed by the supreme Legislature
cannotbe purchased. You can buy them in France;
you can buy them everywhere. There are many
gentlemen who have libraries, and, also, there a*e
a number of public libraries that will be glad to
buy sets of these documents for preservation.
That is precisely what we would like to have done
with them; and our purpose is to allow (under
the direction of the Committee on Printing of the
two Houses, which we think would be sufficient
to prevent any abuse) a few hundied copics to be
printed, and to be sold atcost. Still, I would not
create any debate, and if the Senator objects, 1
will consent that it shall lie over.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not aware of this prop-
osition until I listened to the Senator from Rhode
Island; butlconcurwithhimentirely. It is within
my knowledge that there are libraries, public and
private, which are in much want of these doc-
uments. I am applied to, I may say very often,
by persons seeking sets of these documents, and
complaining that they cannot get them in our coun-
try, of the booksellers, as they can in Europe,
particularly in London and in Paris. It seems to
me that it would be a very proper thing for our
Government to meet this exigency. That is what
the Senator proposes, as I understand.
Mr. HALE. I do not know but it would,and
yet if think it would be better to take care of those
that are printed. Ever since I have been in Con-
gress these public documents arc sold and used as
wrapping paper in the grocery and other stores
around this city. They are given away in any
quantify by anybody and everybody about the
Capitol. I think we had better take care of those
we do print according to law and not allow them
to be used for wrapping paper.
Mr. ANTHON Y. That used to be the case,
but those members of Congress who were indif-
ferent as to public documents, and whose constit-
uents were indifFerentas to them, have mostly left
us. 1 think the documents now are mostly dis-
tributed; but it seems to me that when gentlemen,
instead of begging us for these documents, which
they are very unwilling to do, are willing to pay
for them, they ought to be accommodated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned till to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. I would jpst as lief have the
question settled now as at any other time. I do
not care about having it postponed. All I desired
was to direct the attention of Senators to it. lean
see very readily that it may be desirable that some
of these books should be published; but the ques-
tion with me is this: whether we shall intrust this
power of publication to the hands of a committee
of the Senate and House of Representatives, or
whether we shall retain that power in our own
hands. It seems to me we should retain it our-
selves. If a book is going to be printed that is
likely to be of any value, or is of any value, we
can direct when it is printed that it shall be re-
served; but this gives an unlimited power to the
Committee on Punting to print one hundred, or
one thousand, or ten thousand; and I do not
choose to give them that power.
Mr. HARLAN. It is quite natural perhaps
that a committee might deem safe parties to whom
such a discretion might be intrusted. The object
of the committee, however, was to provide for the
publication of documents at cost, to be paid for by
the parties that desire them, rather than to publish
them at the public expense, to be given away un-
der the frank; of members of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives. The committee pro-
pose to try the experiment, and have a few of
these documents published to be sold at cost to
those that might desire them, with the view in the
end of dispensing altogether with the publication .
of extra numbers of public documents to be dis-
tributed gratuitously. That was the purpose of
the committee, lfit is deemed, however, too large
a discretion to be confided to the Committees on
Printing of the two Houses, the bill ought to be
modified.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
AN ERRONEOUS REPORT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which Mrs. General Persifer F. Smith was
granted a pension yesterday; and I will ask that
a letter, which I hold*in my hand, be read thatit
may be placed on the records ot the Senate as a
warning to traitorous women never to appear here
again applying for a pension.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves to lcconsider the vote by
which the bill for the relief of Mrs. Persifer F.
Smith was passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. And I ask that this trea-
sonable letter from her to her son may be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to reconsider
that vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the letter may
be read before the vote is taken on the reconsid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that no such bill has passed the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. Such a bill was passed some
years ag;o.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then, in the
judgment of the Chair, it is rather late now to
move a reconsideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. I take it from yesterday's
proceedings, as reported in the Baltimore Sun.
Here it js :
"Mr. Foster,of Connecticut, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported favorably upon the bill for the relief of
Mis. General P. F. Smith; which was considered and
passed.
Mr. FOSTER. No such fact occurred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
speaks from the record. No such bill was passed.
Mr. FOSTER. I reported no such bill, and
none such was passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then this is an error.
Mr. FOSTER. A most decided error.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This discussion
is entirely out of order. There is no question be-
fore the Senate.
GUN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offered yesterday, asking the Secretary of
War tew transmit a certain report to the Senate. It
will take but a moment.
Mr. HARLAN. Are not reports in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are in
order unlessa special motion is inteiposed. The
Senator from Kentucky moves to taKeup the res-
olution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to trans-
mit to the Senate the report of lion. Joseph Uolt and Hon.
Robert Dale Owen, commissioners to uive.-tigate ordnance
and gun contracts j and that he transmit to the Senate all
the i' vidence taken by said commissioners touching the con-
tracts investigated by them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe some time since
the Senate decided, although the decision has been
varied from repeatedly, that.resolutions of this
kind should be directed, not to the heads of De-
partments, but to the President, requesting him, if
not incompatible with the public interest, to fur-
nish the information. 1 presume that this report is
on a very important matter, and there may be
many things which the Government may require,
forthe present at least,to keep private. 1 will there-
fore move to amend the resolution by striking out
the words, " the Secretary of War be directed,"
