1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this contestant by the hand, and recognize him as
a gentleman of honor. If I am forced to see made
my peer him who comes with fraudulent papers
and perjured testimony,itshail not be by my vote.
I would admit no such man upon this floor by any
vote or act of mine; and I would turn any such
man out, although there might be no contest with
reference to him. ,
Mr. MOORHEAD. In the course of this dis-
cussion there has been frequent reference to a con-
stituent of mine—a brave, a gallant, and an able
man, who was the first to enter the intrenchments
of the enemy at Yorktown—I allude to Colonel
Samuel W. Black, late Governor of Nebraska
Territory. He is a man of great ability, a man of
bravery and of integrity.
I would feci that 1 was derelict to my duty if I
were to sit here quietly and listen to reproaches
thrown upon the integrity of the gentleman to
whom I have referred. I will not so sit and hear
such reproaches upon his integrity,* his honor,
and his honesty. I indeed thought it a singular
proceeding that two gentlemen should appear here
with certificates of election to represent the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska. I am very intimate with Col-
onel Black; and while his regiment was quartered
near the city, I took occasion to ask him why it
was so, and he explained it to my entire satisfac-
tion, so that I can with great freedom and great
confidence cast my vote, and feel that I am giving
an honest vote, lie explained the matter in this
"way: that the first certificate was obtained upon
fraudulent, or, to use his own expression, bogus
returns. At the time he issued the certificate he
believed them. But he was satisfied and convinced,
after a thorough investigation of the character of
the returns, that they were fraudulent, and that it
was his duty to give a certificate to the man who
had received a large majority of the votes of the
legal voters of the Territory, and he therefore gave
it to Mr. Daily.
Colonel Black, I would also add, is aDemocrat,
quite as rank a one as my friend from Illinois who
has just spoken upon this subject, [Mr. Richard-
son;] and he would not put in a political oppo-
nent if he did not believe it right to do so. He
was setting aside a political friend for a political
enemy, and I honor him for thus correcting an
error about to be perpetrated upon that Territory.
Mr. MORTON, (contestant.) I will state, m
reply to the statement that Colonel Black awarded
a certificate to a political opponent, that in that
election Colonel Black,and every appointee of that
Administration, with one exception, sustained
Daily either by voting for him, or by working
for him, or by refraining from voting for mo.
Mr. DAILY. I desire to say, here in my place,
that Governor Black took the stump for the con-
testant; and I desire to say further, that the land
officer of Nebraska City, a brother-in-law of Gen-
eral Beauregard, and who is now in the southern
army, was for Morton; and { desire to say that
the marshal of the Territory, Mr. Moore, now in
the southern army, was also for the contestant;
and I know not one single appointee of the Buch-
anan administration who went for me, for they
always hated me as they hated poison; an£ I have
had to fight them all around, ever since I went
into that Territory; and they have brought fraud-
ulent returns from counties where there never
was a white inhabitant.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If they beat you they
did well. *
Mr. MORTON. In reply to the remark of the
sitting member I have to state that Governor Black
did make two speeches for me in this way: in in-
dorsing the Buchanan platform and the veto mes-
sage prohibiting slavery in the Territory, which
was the burden of his speech; at the end he also
said: 4' I indorse Mr. Morton as the candidate of
the party, although he is not such a Democrat as
I can heartily support."
Mr. DAILY. I desire just to say that if Mr.
Black, Governor of the Territory of Nebraska,
indorsed the platform of Mr. Buchanan, Morton
took office under him and held it until he went
out of office, and that he also indorsed the Breck-
inridge platform just as Black did. But he would
do worse than Governor Black; when he found a
man was a Douglas Democrat he would indorse
that, too. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. I have simply to say that the
sitting Delegate, in saying that I am so shrewd
that I was capable of convincing both Douglas
and Breckinridge men that I agreed with them,
pays me a compliment of which I am quite proud.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, of the plat-
forms of parties in Nebraska, or the merits of the
gentleman who was then Governor, I have noth-
ing to say. I have always thought that in cases
of this kind members of the House wore called
upon to exorcise duties of a judicial character, and
that they ought to perform them with the more
impartiality and candor, because their adjudica-
tion touched not only the private and personal
rights of the individuals, but the political rights
of a whole community. It is therefore that I have
listened attentively to all the discussion upon this
case, and have read every word of the testimony
and of the argument which has been made both
by the majority and the minority of the commit-
tee in their leports. I have endeavored to eliminate
the truth, determined that wherever the truth led,
there my judgment would be found. I endeav-
ored to bring to the examination of the case a mind
entirely free from every bias which might arise
either from personal relations or from political as-
sociations. In the examination which I made,
the very first point that arrested my attention, as
it has done that of every gentleman who has ex-
amined the case, was the anomalous position in
which the parties to the record are here placed.
We find that the man who had the majority of
votes, according to the count of the only board
that was ever authorized to count the votes, is the
contestant here, while the sitting Delegate is he
who had not the majority according to the official
count, who has not*a legal certificate, who took
evidence as contestant, and who, up to the hour
when he was sworn in m this House, occupied in
all this volume of testimony the position of one
who was assailing the right of another to a seat
upon this floor.
I will not go over the ground already so com-
pletely occupied by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Vooiujees.] It appears by the law of the
Territory of Nebraska that the clerks of the coun-
ties are required to return to the Governor of that
Territory an abstract of the votes in the different
counties; and then the Governor, district attorney,
and the chief justice arc authoiized to count the
votes, to declarc the majority, and to proclaim
who is elected.
Mr. WORCESTER. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PENDLE I'OJST. Yes, sir.
Mr. WORCESTER. My o.olleague says he has
read the whole testimony. I would ask whether
he has read the return from L'eau-quicourtcounty ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I have, sir.
Mr. WORCESTER. He says, as I under-
stand him, that the cleiks of the counties were re-
quiied to make these returns. I ask him whether
the clerk of L'eau-qui-court county ever made
any return from the northern precinct of that
county ? I would ask the privilege at this time to
have the returns made by the officers of thatcounty
read at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio yield for that purpose?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly; if my colleague
desires.
The Clerk read, as follows:
I,R. M. Ilagaman, clerk of the county of L'eau-qui-court,
and we, [I. W. fldigis and Samuel Smith,disinterested free-
holders thereof, cho-sen i y him, do hereby certify that the
following is a coriectahstractof the vote-, east for Delegate
m Confess in the seveial precincts herein mentioned, m
the county of L'eau-qui-court and Ten itory of Nebraska,
at the general election held on the 9th day of October, A.
D. I860:
_ . , jFor Delegate, For Delegate,
Precincts. Samuel G. Daily. J. Sterling Morton.
Niolnara 23 18
Running Water   1 19
Eastern     ,...11 3
Whole numbei of votes for Samuel G. Daily, 35.
Whole number of votes for J. fckeihng Morton, 40.
I certiiy that the above is correct.
R. M. UAGAMAN. County Clerk.
Ci.erk's Omen, Niobrara, N. T., October 12, 1860.
We ccitu'y to Die corieetness of the above.
H. W HARGfS,
S. SMITH,
— Freeholders.
We, the undersigned, rejected the returns from the north-
ern precinct, on the ground that \vr believe the votes were
not cast in the county.
R. M. 1IAGAU AN, County Clerk.
S. SMITH, Freeholder.
I protest against the course taken in the foregoing can-
vass by my associates, in rejecting the vote from the north-
era precinct,.on the ground that there was no evidences,
before us of any illegality, either iij tbe formation of that,
precinct Or the returns therefrom, everything being-proper
and according to the law in my estimation.
fi. W. HARGrlS, Freeholder. -
Mr. WORCESTER. I call attention to tat
for the purpose of showing my colleague the fact,
which he seems to have overlooked,, that no.rc-
turn^was ever made of the rotes in the! northern'
precinct of L'eau-qui-court county in accortl&nce
with law. On the contrary, the judges of election
certified that the vote of the northern precinct of
that county was a fraudulent one, and they re-
jected it. - J •
Mr. PENDLETON. Now I will read from the
page subsequent to that from which the Clerk has
read:
r,R. M". Ilagaman, clerk of the county ofL'eau-qui-eourt,
and we, H. Vv. Hargisand Samuel Smith,disinterested free-
holders thereof, chosen by him, do hereby certify that the
following is the number of votes returned trom the northern
precinct and rejected by us, on the ground that the votes
were not cast within the county t
Pwinst For Delegate, For Delegate,
J. Sterling Mortoit. Samuel G. Daily.
Northern 122 00
Whole number of votes east for J. Sterling Morton, 123.
f hereby certify that the above if correct.
R. M. HAGAMAN, County Clerk.
Clerk's Office, Niobrara, N. T., October 12,
We certify to the correctness of the above.
S. SMITH,
H. W. BAUCIS,
Freeholders.
There is the return for the northern precinct of
L'eau-qui-court county, showing that the number
of votes finally counted by the board of canvass-
ers for the Territory was 122 for Morton, and none
for Daily.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say that the anomalous
position of the parties here first arrested my atten-
tion. I find that by the law of the Territory of
Nebraska the county clerks were to make their
returns to the board of canvassers at the capital.
They did so. The election was held upon the 9th
day of October. The board of canvassers met on
the last day of that month, or the 1st of Novem-
ber, and, counting the votes, made a proclamation
that Mr. Morton was elected by a majority of 14.
On the next day, Governor Black issued his cer-
tificate, which has been exhibitedUo the House.
The sitting* member, then the contestant, gave
notice of a coritcst. Witnesses were examined.
Their examination commenced on the 15th day
ofDecember. Atalate period, at least as late as
the middle of January—a month after the fraud
m L'eau-qui-court county, if fraud there was, was
fully developed—the Governor of the Territory
was called to the stand as a witness. The pro-
priety of counting the vote of L'eau-qui-court
county was called in question. His attention was
called to it, and he gave his testimony as to the
powers and duties of the board of canvassers.
That testimony is to be found upon page 90 of the
printed record. What does he say?
The board were unanimously of the opinion that when
abstract* of the votes cast were tiansmitted by the county
clerk, we could not in any case go behind lus return to in-
quire into the legality of the election in any precmct orall
the precincts of any county, and this decision is precisely
the same as the decision of the board in 1859, when Mi.
Estabiook and Mr. Daily were candidates., and in 1857,
when Judge Ferguson, Mr. Chapman, and others, were can-,
didates. Mr. Chapman then in&i&ted that the board should*
go behind the returns of the county clerks, alleging fraud,
&c., which they refused to do. Two of the board had sup-
ported lum at the election, and it was decided unanimously
that under the law of February 13,1857, the Governor had
no power except to cast up the votes Transmitted by the
several county cleiks. The decision of the last board was,
that notwithstanding certain irregularities in the abstracts
of returns transmitted by the clerks, still it was our duty to
decide m favor ot the franchise, provided tbe return seemed
ti> be substantially correct "
And upon the following page of this printed
recoid, when he is called upon to explain the
grounds upon which the board of canvassers acted
in counting the returns of L'eau-qui-court county,
he justifies their action upon the ground that
neither the Governor alone nor the board of can-
vassers had any authority to go behind the papers
that were placed before them, authenticated by the
hand of the clerk and the seal of his county; and
that he must have issued the certificate to Morton,
and could not possibly have issued it to Daily.
Well, when the 4th day of July came, it ap-
peared that another certificate had been issued,
dated on the 29th day of April, upon which the
gentleman who is now the sitting member was
admitted to a seat. That second certificate was
