1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295?*
and to insert the words, " the President of the
United States be requested, if in his opinion not
incompatible with the public interest." I have
no desire, I am sure, to cover up anything that
ought to be exposed; but! wish to leave the time
and manner in the discretion of the President, in
whom I am sure we all have full confidence.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island may not prevail. The
report that is asked for is a report made by a com-
mission appointed by the Secretary of War for
a specific object, to investigate ordnance and gun
contracts. That is all there is of it. I have not
read that report; and indeed it is impossible to
read a report now, it seems, in that War Office,
for the Secretary of War seems to assume a dicta-
torial power there. He refused to allow me the
other day to read a public document of the great-
est importance and interest that I wished to read
and examine in order tt> get information as a basis
of legislation. This report, I am advised, exposes
and brings to light most astonishing frauds upon
this Government. I understand that it is com-
pleted, and I wish it to be published as speedily
as possible. Were it anything that could possi-
bly injure the public interest, it would be right
and proper to couch the resolution in the language
that the Senator from Rhode Island desires; but
the report was made by a commission appointed
by the War Department for the specific purpose
of examining into these ordnance and gun con-
tracts, and for nothing else. That was the whole
scope, tenor, and verge of those who had charge
of this commission, whose report I wish to have
printed. I wish all the evidence to be laid before
the Senate. With great deference to the opinion
of the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, I
say the customary mode of asking for these re-
ports and for information from the heads of De-
partments is to direct them to give it to the Sen-
ate. 1, for one, am heartily sick and tired of this
practice, when certain Senators offer resolutions
here to require information that will enable the
Senate to direct its legislation in such a way as to
prevent fraud, pillage, and theft on this Govern-
ment, or to ask information touching and concern-
ing the constitutional rights of the people of this
country; I say I am tired of the practice in such
cases of amending s iffih resolutions so as to change
them from the proper form of a direction to a head
of a Department to a request to the President, leav-
ing it in his discretion, " if it is not consideied in-
compatible with the public interest."
I remember that a few days ago I made an effort
to get through a resolution directing the Secretary
of State to give certain information that deeply
involved the liberties of my constituents. After a
long debate it was sent to the President, and what
did we get? "Not compatible with the publicin-
terest." This, however, is a case different from
that. Here is the report of a commission appointed
by the War Department to investigate certain con-
tracts, matters that are past, and it cannot be in-
compatible with the public interest to let us know
the practices and the usages of the parties who
swarm about here and are hired and take fees to
procure offices and contracts.
I hope the Senate will assert its rights, and de-
mand that this report shall be brought here and
then printed, and let the people see what kind of
practices are resorted to to rob the Treasury of
the nation. I ask for the yeas and nays upon the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. All that the Senator from
Kentucky has said convinces me of the propriety
of addressing this resolution in the usual form. It
is very possible that the publication of this report
now, which we are told exposes great abuses and
corruptions, may have the effect to shield the of-
fenders from punishment. None of us want this
report exposed now, unless it is compatible with
the public interest. We do not know that it is
compatible with thepublicinterest. The resolution
does not ask the Secretary to send it if in his dis-
cretion it be proper, but directs him imperatively
to send us a report that we know nothing about,
a report made by a com mission not ordered by us,
but ordered by him, and which has been made, I
presume, to the President of the United States.
Now, if it is not incompatible with the public in-
terest, I desire that this report shall be communi-
cated to us, and printed. If it be incompatible
with the public interest, I presume no Senator
wants it done. As itis impossible for us to judge,
I propose to leave that question to the President
of the United States.
Mr. POWELL. The report that was made in
obedience to a resolution that I offered, Executive
Document No. 64, is a fractional portion of this re-
port. Now, as I before stated, I have not read
this report, and I should not be permitted to see it
if I should go to the War Department. As I am
advised and understand—1 may be mistaken about
that, however—there is nothing in the report that
should not be made known to the country, and
that instantly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we shall get it.
Mr. POWELL. I am not sure that we shall
get it. I have not that unlimited confidence in the
Executive that the Senator has. I hope I may be
pardoned for not having the confidence he has, but
I certainly have not that unlimited confidence. I
wish the resolution to pass as I have offered it;
it is in the usual form; and I want no dodging,
and no evasion about this information.
Mr. HALE. In order that we may getthrough
with the morning business, I move to lay this
question on the table. It can be called up to-
morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I hope it will not be laid on
the table. I hope the resolution will prevail with-
out another word.
Mr. HALE. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. POWELL. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Claik,
Cowan, Dixon. Hale, Harlan, I-Iowe, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyek, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—14.
NAYS—Messrs]. Bayard, Carlile, Collamer, Davis, Doo-
little, Fes«;eriden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall, Nrsnuth, Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stark,
Wade, VVitlcy, and Wught—24.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fool, Foster, Har-
lan, Harris, Henderson. Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, McDougafl, Sherman, Simmon*, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Wilkinson, YVilluy, and Wilmot—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Davis, Grimes, Hale,
Kennedy, Kins, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Saulsbury,
Staik, Trumbull, and Wught—14.
So the amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
438) to grant pensions, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 344) to secure to
pilots, engineers, sailors, and crews upon gun-
boats and war vessels bounty and pensions, have
instructed me to report it back with amendments,
and to recommend that, as amended, it be annexed
to House bill No. 438 to grant pensions, just re-
ported, as an amendment to that bill.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No 83) relative to a certain grant of land
for railroad purposes, made to the State of Michi-
gan, in 1856, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 208) making a donation
of lands to the States of Wisconsin and Michigan
to aid them in making a military road and tele-
graph line in said States, reported it without
amendment, and submitted an adverse report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 280) to
establish and equalize the grades of line officers of
the United States Navy, have had the same under
consideration, and instructed me to report it back
with several amendments, and I wish to say that
I shall endeavor to call it up for consideration as
early as Monday next.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose, when the bill just
reported by the Senator from New Hampshire,
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
shall comtf up, to offer an amendment, and I ask
that it may be printed. It regulates the pay.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary lay before the President of
the United States an attested copy of the judgment of the
Senate as the High Court of Impeachment in the case oi
West H. Humphreys.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
372) providing for the establishment of a national
foundery in the Hanging Rock iron and coal re-
gion, upon the Ohio river, in the State of Ohio,
and between the junctions of the Big Sandy and
Sciota rivers with the Ohio; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLICATION OF CONTRACTS.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the jointres-
olution (S. No. 93) in relation to contracts with
the United States, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that it shall be the
duty of the several Executive Departments of the
Government to publish in one of the daily news-
papers of the city of Washington, on Tuesday of
cach week, a list of all contracts which shall have
been solicited or proposed to cach, respectively,
during the preceding week, which list shall state
briefly the subject-matter of each contract so
solicited or proposed to be made, its terms, the
name of the proposed contractor and of all per*
sons known to be interested therein, directly or
indirectly, and of all persons who solicit, request,
or recommend the making of any such contract.
This piovision is not, however, to be applicable
to bids made in pursuance of advertisements for
contracts or purchases made under existing laws,
but is to apply to all proposed modifications of
existing contracts.
Mr. HALE. As we have already got into some
embarrassment by passing an act in relation to
these contracts no longer ago than the 2d of June
—the present month—1 think it would be advis-
able to take the advice of the Departments that
arc to be affected by this measure as to its prac-
tical operation before it is passed; and I therefore
move that the resolution he on the table. It can
be called up at any time; and in the mean time it
can be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it been referred ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If any committee wants
to look into it, I have not the slightest objection
to referring it; but I do not know to what com-
mittee it could appropriately be referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. It may in-
volve a great deal of expense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves that the resolution
he on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it may as well lie
on the table, if any Senator desires to look into it.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives having ordered the cor-
rection of the error in the engrossment of the bill
(H. R. No. 280) to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,
he returned the bill to the Senate for its concur-
rence.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 370) to pro-
vide for additional medical officers of the volun-
teer service.
CONGRESSMEN INTERESTED IN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 358, to prevent members of Congress and
officers of the Government of the United States
from taking consideration for procuring contracts
from the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. As
originally introduced by Mr. Powell, it provided
that any member of Congress, or any officer of
the Government of the United States, who should
