1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ments were all full. Now, I mast say to gentle-
men it is time for us to begin to think a little more
about the money. The event of this war depends
upon whether we can support it or not, and at the
rate we are going on we shall come to a conclu-
sion before we are aware of it, I fear. This deal-
ing so lavishly and liberally, giving money away
for no reason whatever to men, simply because
they have enlisted, is a matter that neither this
Government nor any other Government in the
world can support.
We may as well talk plainly at one time as
another; and instead of asking how much money
we shall give soldiers, ask how the country can
support itself. Under the circumstances, 1 pro-
pose to put these sections here for the sake of
avoiding difficulty. The bill would not have
passed the Senate without opposition with this pro-
vision in it, if I had not been in my committee-
room at the time it went through. I said, during
the discussion, that in regard to officers who have
been at the expense of providing uniforms and
buying horses, and many of them at very consid-
erable expense in raising their companies, it was
proper that they should be remunerated to a cer-
tain extent. I have no objection to their getting
a couple of months' extra pay; but with regard
to privates there is no reason for it under heaven.
I would rather fix the number of regiments at
thirty, if the chairman of the Military Committee
will be satisfied with that; but I shall not urge
that proposition against his wish.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The House
of Representatives amended our lull so as to fix
the number at fifty, and I am told that if we insist
on forty they will resist it, but I think they will
be satisfied that it is enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not urge the reduc-
tion to thirty icgiments against the wishes of the
chairman, i oiler the amendment in the form I
have suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Maine is to insert, as addi-
tional sections, what the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That the euvahy forcc-s in the service of the United States
shall hereafter be oigum/.ed as lollows • each regiment of
cavalry shall have one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
ilnee majors, one surgeon, one Assistant surgeon, one regi-
mental adjutant, our regimental quartermaster, one regi-
mental comnussaiy, one veterinaiy smgeon, whose com-
pensation shall he seventy livedollars pei month, with the
rank of a regimental seigeant major, one sergeant major,
one quartermaster scant, one eoiiMm^ary sergeant, two
hospital hiewanW, one saddlet seigeant. one vetei inai v sei-
geant, one chief tiumpetcr, and one chief l'aiiicr or black-
smith; and eiub regiment shall consist of twelve compa-
nies or nnop-,, and each company or lioop «*hall have one
cap'am, one (iist lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and
one acting oi supernumeraiy second lieutenant, to lie se-
loeted from the non-commif-uoned officer* of the respective
regiments, one tirst seigeant, one ((uaiteunastcr seigeant,
one commissary sergeant, five sergeants, eight eorpoials,
two teamstei-s, I wo fan iers or blacksmith--, one. saddler, ouc
wagoner, and seventv-cight piivaU's; the regimental adju-
tant*, tIk* regimental quattermasters, and regimental com-
missaries to be taken fiom the fnst lieutenants of their le-
spective ii'gimrnts, but in wlneh they shall continue in the
line of piomotion : Provided, That vacancies caused by this
organization shall not be considered as oiigtnal, but shall
be filled by regular piomotion.
Jlnd be it Jiaiho) enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be. and he is heiehy, anthoii/.ed and duectcd,
undei such legulations as he may establish, to reduce, by
translei, de-chaige, oi otheivvw, the volunteer envahy
forces now in the service bejond foity ie<riments, each of
which i egirnent- to be organized a- piovided tor by this act.
•sind he it further enacted, That the otficers neeessiutly
discharged hoin seiviee by tin.- act shall, in addition to the
allowance* granted bv exiting laws, leeeive each two
months' exna paj pioper.
Jimt he it fin thnr enactrd. That all officer* of cavahy who
iiavc been oi may heieaftei be appointed in the volnnteei
force m the sen ice ol the l/inted States, shall be examined
by a board of ofheers to be appointed by the Seeietaiy of
W,u, and who shall be familiar with the tactics andoigan-
ization of the mounted <>r cavahy seiv ee of the United
States Army.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want to ofTer an amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out "and offi-
cers;".so that the officeis shall be placed on the
same footing with the piivdtcs. I do not tig ice
with the Senator ftom Maine at all in the idea that
officers! should be allowed two months'pay, while
the privates are excluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator should
move then to stiilo* out that, whole section.
Mr. WILKINSON. Very well, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. KING. It so*, ms to me that there is as
much juasoii for paying the privates as the offi-
cers. I had great doubts about giving anything
in this respect; but I think there is as much rea-
son for privates, who have been carried away,
receiving money, as for officers. I move to make
it one month's pay for both officers and privates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only a question of
about a million of dollars, or seven or eight hun-
dred thousand*, that is all. If we can afford to
throw away our money in this way, to just make
gifts of half millions at a time in this state of the
Treasury, we may do it on a mere motion; it is
nothing more. The distinction is this: the officers
furnish their own uniforms, which cost them a
hundred dollars; I think they furnish their own
horses, also. Many of them have been put to
very considerable expense, I am told, in raising
regiments before they receive anything. I thought
under these circumstances, it might be just'to
give them something if they are discharged, be-
cause they enter for the war. The same rule does
not apply to the private soldier, and although my
impression is that it will be no more than just to
give something to the officers, yet rather than
throw away half a million dollais, which ought
not to be paid to anybody, I would let them go
and take thtiir chance for remuneration hereafter,
if they ought to have any.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New York.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say a word about that
amendment. It seems to me that the proposition
to make some compensation to officers is a just
one; but it docs not strike me that a month or two
months' or three months' pay is a practical way
of doing that justice. The injustice of mustering
these men out of service at the present time, as 1
understand it, is, that they have been at the ex-
pense of equipping and uniforming themselves
with a view of entering upon the service of the
United States for a series of months or years; they
have just obtained their uniforms, and paid for
them, and they are mustered out. This expense
is just about the same figure for every officer; but
the pay of officersdifters very materially; the pay
uf a colonel is much higher than the pay of a lieu-
tenant. Whatever the expense of the uniform is,
that all ought to have, it seems to me, and they
ought to have nothing more. That is all the in-
justice that has been done them; and if any pro-
vision is made for them at all, it should be a pro-
vision which should pay them the cost of their
outfit, the cost of preparing them to enter upon
this service.
Now, I have one word to say with regard to
the amendment offered to the bill. I do not know
but that there is some good reason for bringing
up the subject of the disposition of the cavalry m
the shape of an amendment to the bill pending
before the Senate. The two measures, however,
seem to me radically different, and I was sorry
that the cavalry question was brought in here as
, an amendment. It seems to me if it were treated
us a distinct meusuie, we should get to the end of
it much more speedily than we can by the pres-
ent proceeding. We ought to act upon that ques-
tion, and act very early. Everybody concedes
that we have some thirty regiments of cavalry
! more than the Government needs. We have had
them for months and have been paying them for
months. One of the most economical measures
pending before either House of Congress, in my
judgment, is one to get rid of these thirty or forty
lcgiments, whatever the excess is. But if this
amendment be adopted, it sends this bill to the
House of Representatives with a measure in-
grafted upon itjust such as the House of Repre-
sentatives has once rejected, and opens the debate
there anew. If the bill before the Senate could
be acted upon and passed, and then the cavalry
bill taken up and the Senate vote upon the amend-
ments made by the House of Representatives, it
seems to me we should get to the end of it much
inoie speedily than we shall by this process.
As to the number of cavalry icgnuents, I have
but very little choice about it. A proposition was
made by the Senator from New York [Mr. King]
the other day which I thought to be the mostsens-
ible and practical that I heard suggested, and that
was to leave it discretionary with the President to
muster out such regiments as he could spare, re-
ducing them at least to fifty regiments.. I do not
recollect the exact terms of the proposition.. I
think if the cavalry bill was now put in that shape,
the House of Representatives would agree to it.
The probability is, if we send it buck to them fix-
ing the number at forty regiments, we shall still
have the bill hanging along here for it may be
weeks to come; but put it in the shape suggested
by the Senator from New York, and I have no
doubt it would be acceded to, and we can very easily
spend the cost of keeping ten regiments in the field
a good while by debating this measure with thirty
additional regiments on pay while we are debat-
ing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senate to un-
derstand ptecisely my object; it is perfectly evi-
dent that the Senator from Wisconsin does not.
We sent the cavalry bill down to the House of
Representatives with the third section in it, and
that section has been agreed to by the House. If
that bill goes back to them at all, it goes back on
the single question of fifty or forty regiments;
everything else is settled. That is what 1 want to
avoid. I do not want to send that bill back to the
House of Representatives at all. I want to save
this large amount of money, and the only way
we can save it is by keeping that bill here and,
sending there another bill, with this provision dis-
banding the cavalry upon it. The only question
left to the Senate is, whether they will, as a mere
matter of favor—for it is nothing else—m the pres-
ent state of the Treasury, present these soldiers
with a million and a half or two millions of dol-
lars which they have not earned in any shape or
form. A friend remarks to me, and I have heard
it before, that it was stated in one of the London
papers a short time ago, and 1 believe it is true,
that we arc paying for our Army as much per
month as the English are paying to support their
army for a year at the present time. How long
can we stand it? We have burdens enough upon
us now that we must meet, in all conscience, with-
out legislating so rashly and with such open hands,
without reflection, giving money to people to
whom it is not due and who never contracted for
it. That is the only question left to the Senate.
I must do my duty. 1 cannot suffer these things
to be passed without notice. I know it applies to
men in my own State as well as other States; but
we have duties to perform that are beyond all
these considerations, and when we are voting the
public money we should inquire whether we have
a right to do it in the way we are going on.
Mr. KING. This bill was originally reported
by the Military Committee to reduce the cavalry
force to fifty thousand men—that number was
fixed upon after consultation with the chief of
cavalry and the chief officers of the Army-—and
without any extra pay whatever. The Senate
reduced the number to forty regiments, and added
a provision giving three months' extra pay to
those who should be mustered out of service. I
proposed at that time, instead of reducing the
number of regiments to forty, to reduce it to fifty,
with discretion in the President or the Secretary
of War to muster out an additional number of
regiments whenever the exigencies of the public
service would permit. I should have been con-
tent with that provision in the bill; but the ques-
tion before us now is simply as to extra pay. It
seems to me that if we are to give it at all, we
should give it to them all alike; but I think one
month's pay is enough for any of them. The
! motion I make, therefore, is tp reduce the pay of
! all the otficers and men one month, instead of two
| or three.
| Mr. NESMITH. I am opposed to theamend-
: ment offered by the Senator from New York, and
I concur in the views of the Senator from Maine.
: The proposition to discharge these men and give
| them either three months' or one month's pay is
| wrong. They have been well paid for what they
i have done while they have been in service, if
! they are discharged now by virtue of the bill under
: consideration, and which I presume will become
i a law, they can all reenlist in the regular regi-
| ments. Every man discharged by this-act can
| reenlist in a regular regiment, and his pay goes
| on, and in addition to that he gets twenty-five
i dollars bounty when he reenlists,aiul gets .seventy-
five dollars more at the expiration of 1ns term of
service. That provides amply for the men. No
; injustice, no wrong is done them. In fact, it will
be a benefit to the men to be discharged, because
it opens an opportunity for them to get into a
■' better corps of the set vice by enlisting in the teg-
ular Army, not for three years, but for the unex-
