1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pirod term of their service in the volunteer force.
So far as the officers are concerned, they too have
been amply paid, and will suffer no loss by the
passage of the bill, without receiving any extra
compensation.
In relation to the cavalry service generally, I
think there is no department of the Government
which has been so badly and so extravagantly
managed. Not only the President, but many of
his subordinates have given authority to men to
raise cavalry regiments. Men have come here
speculating, and they have done what they call
" putting up" regiments. They have been author-
ized to go home and raise regiments, furnish
horses, arms, equipments, uniforms, and they
have biuught legiments into the field at an enor-
mous expense, and when they have been brought
into the field they have been perfectly worthless.
You have heai d of little service bem# rendered by
these cavalry regiments, and you will not hear of
their rendering much service. It is not in the na-
ture of tilings that they should. There is nothing,
as a soldier, so worthless and so helpless as a
man on horseback who cannot manage his horse,
and who knows nothing of the use of the saber.
He is a pei feet incumbrance on any battle-field.
I atn in favor of reducing the cavalry force to
the lowest possible point. 1 believe we have now
three times as many cavalry soldiers as there is
any necessity for. Toobviate the use of the saber,
which makes the cavalry soldier the most effective,
they have undertaken to innovate on our usage,
and the usages I beheve of almost every country
except Mexico and Spam, by arming cavalry
soldiers with long poles with iron on the ends of
them. They call them lances—a kind of frog-
suckers, with red flag-staffs at the end of them.
The men, with these poles and frog-stickers, will
never hurt anybody m the world unless it is some
wounded or disabled man. They will never run
them into an enemy; they may run them into each
other. They will never be of any sort of service
on a battle-field or m confronting an enemy. I
am in favor of dispensing with all that expensive
branch of the service which gets up these fancy
arrangements for mere show. They arc orna-
mental; they are not useful, were never intended
to be so, and can never be so. Ten thousand, or
fifteen thousand, or twenty thousand cavalry ar
most, are as much as can be effectively used in
this war. You wil! never hearofany distinguished
chaises made by that species of cavalry upon any
battle-field. You may hear of their being useful
in pursuing fugitive or small parties, but you will
never hear of their making any charge against in-
fantry or against ai ullery, or being of any use m
the way that cavalry is usually used and is effect-
ive in European ainues. It is not in the nature
of things. It takes long to make a cavahy soldier;
and most of the men enlisted m the eastern States
know nothing about the management of a horse,
much less the management of a saber.* 1 think the
best way to make good cavalry of the men who
are aimed with fiog-stickers would betoputthem
on foot, [laughter,'] for they will never be of any
service on horseback.
As I said before, 1 am in favor of dispensing
with the whole of them, and I am not in favor ot
paying the men who are discharged, because the
door is open to them to reenter the service on bet-
ter conditions than they entered it at first, with
twenty-five dollais advanced as bounty, and sev-
enty-five dollars to be paid at the end of the term,
and all the clothing and equipments furnished
them which is provided for by the act under which
they went into srrwee.
Mr. WlLKlZvSON. Mr. President 
Mr. FErfSli-NDEN. I accepted the amend-
ment of the Senatoi fiom Minnesota to strike out
the whole section giving extra pay.
Mr. KING. .My motion was to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Maine; but if he
waives that, mine, of course, goes with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate, as the Chair understands, is the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota to strike
out one section of the amendment of the Senator
from Maine
Mr. HOWE. I understood that the Senator
from Maine aecepti d the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota as a modification of the
amendment lie offeied to the bi'l
Mr. WILSON (to Mr. Howe.) Do you agree
to that ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not; 1 mean to oppose it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As one
o'clock is close at hand, it is evident this bill can-
not be disposed of this morning if there is to be
any further contest. There is one section of this
bill which I am anxious to get through this morn-
ing without fail; and if we can get it through here,
I shall endeavor to get it acted on by the House
of Representatives to-day. I move to lay this
bill on the table and take up the division staff
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is now before the Senate, on which
the Senator from California [Mr. McDougall] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator will yield for a minute or two for the pur4
pose I have indicated.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
to lay on the table the bill which has been under
consideration this morning* and take up the bill
indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY DIVISION STAFFS.
The consideration of the bill (S. No. 12!3) pro-
viding for the organization of the staff attached to
divisions of the Army of the United States, reg-
ular and volunteer, was resumed as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out all after the word " that,"immediately
after the enacting clause of the bill, and insert an
amendment which has been unanimously agreed
upon by the Military Committee, which I think
accomplishes nearly all we intended to accomplish
by the original bill:
jDurinsrthe existing insurrection and rebellion each divis-
ion ot the foieeri oi the United States, counting of two or
nioie bi iiMdes sh.di have the following ortieeis attached
theioro, who shall commute the staff of the permanent
eo-nmandei tbeieof, viz: one assistant adjutant geneial
and one a^Htant inspector geneial, who shall hear, re-
spectively, the rank ot majoi,and who shall be assigned
fiom the Ain)}- or volunteci loiees. A ho tlnee aids de-
camp, to beur lite rank of captain, to be appointed by the
PieMiient, upon the locommrnd.ition of the commander of
the division, and the appointment to eea?-e upon the expi-
iat ion of Iih division command. Also one medical director,
to bear the i.tnk of major, and to be aliened from the sill-
cons o) ;{ssi<i,-int surgeon* of ihc icuutar Army, or fiom
the husade hiiigeons of volunteer. The division com-
mands may det.nl an otTicei of In* command, of the rank
ol eaptain, f'> <u t a* judge advocate of the division, or a
lieutenant o^-aul command, upon the lecommendation of
paid coniin inder, may lie as-Miined by the President to act
as *nch di\ won judge advocate, who shall hear the rank of
captain while s>> aligned Said officers shall receive the
same pay and allowance? as ate piovidod bylaw for officers
oi cavahy of eoire-ponding lank. Officers ot the regular
Aimy, as'^srncd and deiacIn d to ^tatF duty, a* above pro-
vided, shall, upon the cessation of Mich seivice, resume
their positions m the r( irtildi Ami). with the same lank and
piomotion as if the> had continued to serve in their own
legiment* or corp*. The senior officer of artillery in each
division siiail. in addition to his othei duties, act as chief
ot ai tiller) and oulnanee at the headqtiaiteihOftln: division.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thud time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate being the lull (S. No. 151)
to confiscate the property and fiee the slaves of
rebels, on winch the Senator from California is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
Mr. I1ALE. I simply want the floor a minute
to make a puvih-ged nu/tion to reconsider a vote,
in order to have it entered. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate concurred m the re-
port of the committee of conference on the civil
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be entered.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to know fiom the ;
Senator fumi New Hampshire what is the title of
the bill. Is it "An act making appropriations :
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1863
Mr. HALE. Yes sir; the report submitted by
Mr. Pearm:, on Thursday, I think.
Mr. DROWNING. 1 will inform the Senator
that the bill has been laid before the President,
approved by him, and so reported to'the -House
of Represeatatives. - ' ■ :
Mr. HALE. I can inform the Senator that
that does not deprive me of my constitutional right
to move a reconsideration.
Mr. BROWNING. I thought I would give
you the information.
Mr. HALE. While I am~up I will give my
reason for the motion if the Senate will indulge
me a single minute. It is because I see by the
report in the paper 
The VICE PRESIDENT; It is not in order,
in the opinion of the Chair, to move to reconsider
the vote on a bill which has passed from the Sen-
ate. The order would be ordinarily to send a
message recalling it if it were in a position to be
recalled. That is the practice of the Senate.
Mr. PI ALE. As this is a matter of some con-
sequence, I want to have it settled. The Senator
from Massachusetts says the Senator from Illinois
is mistaken in his information.
Mr. SUMNER. I will state that the bill that
passed the Senate on Friday I have seen this
morning in the hands of the engrossing cierk, and
it was to be taken, I think, by the Secretary of the
Senate to the other House. I do not precisely
remember the title of it.
Mr. BROWNING. There mav be a misunder-
standing between the Senator and myself.
Mr. SUMNER. There may be a misunder-
standing in regard to the title.
Mr. BROWNING. The bill I refer to is House
bill No. 154, entitled an act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations foi the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862. That bill has been laid
befoie the President, and has received his signa-
ture, and has been reported as approved to both
Hoyses.
Mi*. SUMNER. Does the Senator remember
when it was laid before the President?
Mr. BROWNING. I can give the information
in an instant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair may
be allowed a moment, he believes that the bill en-
titled the legislative and executive appropriation
bill is within the province of the Senate—that is,
if the Senate has it not, it can reach it, as"there
are disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
Mr. BROWNING. This bill was laid before
the President on Saturday.
Mr. SUMNER. Then that cannot be the bill
that passed on Friday; because that had to go to
the House, as there weie Senate amendments to
be acted on by the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain the matter to
Senators. The civil bill and the legislative bill
are distinct bills. The civil bill is now a law
signed by the President. The legislative bill has
to go back to the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative bill
has gone back to the House.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon of the Senator fiom
California for a moment; but I want this bill—I
read from the report in the Globe:
u The menage further announced that the House of Rep-
resentatives h;id agreed to the report of the committee of
eoitfeience on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
tiie lull (H. R. No. J34) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of Jane, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862."
Upon which Mr. Pearce submitted a report
from the committee of conference. Has that bill
gone to the Piesident and been signed?
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir; that bill has been
approved by the President, and been reported as
approved to both Houses of Congress.
Tin. VICE PRESIDENT. And the time within
which a motion to reconsider should be made has
also expired on that bill.
Mr. MALE. To-day is Monday, is it not ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill passed
on Wednesday or Thuisday last.
Mr. II ALE. I think I can understand the rea-
son why it was hurried to the President so quick
. and put outof the reach of reconsideration. Any-
body who will nad the report will understand it.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor.
Mi. HALE. One single moment. The reason
I make ihis motion is that 1 am informed 
Mi. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. IiALE. I will not occupy but a minute.
