1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2959
procured from the Government by any agency in
which money was employed; but I had heard
such rumors as the Senator from New Hampshire
has stated, except that I did not hear them espe-
cially about the heads of Departments. It was mat-
ter of common rumor that large sums of money
had been received by persons, some of them in
high position, but 1 confess I had not heard that
any head of Department had received any money
for procuring offices for others. All these things
are highly detrimental to the public iwterest, and
there should be severe penal statutes against them.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire has made a suggestion which, I think,
is worthy of some consideration, and I was try-
ing to frame an amendment to meet his view. I
will suggest the amendment, but shall not- insist
upon it if it does not meet the concurrence of the
Senate. The bill does not cover the case which
he mentions of giving an office, contract, or place.
I would punish an officer who had patronage to
bestow who gave a contract, office, or place to
another, m consideration of any reward or bene-
fit to himself, just as much as the person who as-
sisted in procuring it. I think that amendment
could be made by a very slight verbal alteration,
but if there is a disposition not to have it incor-
porated into the bill, I shall say nothing about it.
Mr. COWAN. I think that is provided for
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill does not provide
for the case of a person who gives ar^ffice or
contract.
Mr. COWAN. In the case of a contract, it is
already provided for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Allow the
Chair to suggest that the amendment which is a
substitute for the whole bill having bfen agreed
to, it is not now open to amendment without a
reconsideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we notamend it still
further, can we not add another provision?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Additional
matter, an additional section, a proviso can be
added.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be the amend-
ment I was going to suggest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think if the Senator from
Illinois will look at the statutes, he will find that
there is a law now punishing any officer for being
interested in a contract which he gives out him-
self. That is my impression.
Mr. COLLAMER. How is it about givingan
office and taking pay for it?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not remember the
phraseology of the law; but my impression is that
it covers that case.
Mr. POWELL. I think the law goes to the
extent stated by the Senator from Ohio, but it docs
not go to the entire length of covering the ground
had m view by the Senator from Illinois, and 1
suggest that it may be provided for by inserting
belore the word " take, in the fifth line, the word
"give;" so as to read, "give, take, receive, or
agiee to receive," &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not meet my
view. I will state the idea which I had in view.
Suppose, for illustration's sake, that the collector
at New Orleans has the appointment of an officer
under him with a fixed salary, and he appoints a
person with an agreement that the person ap-
pointed shall discharge the duties and give him
half the fees. I want to meetsucii a case as that.
I do not think this bill would cover it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask whether
under the genetal law about bribery that case is
not covered exactly?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is. I do
not think we have any law that reaches such a case
as that. Ft is not a case of bribery. Suppose that
a collector appointed in the city of New Oileans
—and I name that by way of illustration merely,
because we have no collector there now—has the
appointment of appraisers, or the appointment of
subordinates in the custom-house there, and he
gives one of these appointments, which has a sal-
ary of $2,000attached to it, to an individual in con-
sideration that the man shall discharge the duties
and pay him half the salary.
Mr. COLLAMER. He has not the appoint-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has not the appoint-
ment of appraisers, but he has of other subordin-
ates.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; all he does is to nom-
inate them to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There arc other cases.
The Cabinet officers have the appointments di-
rectly, and judges of courts have appointments.
There are many officers who have the appoint-
ment of inferior officers. Now, suppose they ap-
point an inferior officer with an understanding
that they are to have some benefit themselves from
his salary: they ought to be punished. To meet
that I would suggest that, in the tenth line, after
the word " whatsoever," we insert, " or for giv-
ing any such contract, office, or place, to any per-
son whomsoever."
Mr. POWELL. I Lhink that is a good amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that will cover the
case.
The PREStDENTpro tempore. By unanimous
consent the amendment may be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
section read over with that amendment m it, to
see how it will read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That any member of Congress or any officer of the Gov-
ernment ol tlie United States who bhall, dirccily or jndi-
lectly, take, receive, oi agree to receive, any money, pi op-
erty, or other valuableeonsideiation whatsoever,fiom any
peison or persons for procining, or aiding to procure, any
contract, office, or place, from the Government ot the Uni-
ted States or any Depaitment thereof, or from any officer
ot the United States, for any person or persons whatsoever,
or lor giving any such contract, office, or placc to any per-
son whomsoever, «hail, for every such offense, be liable to
indictment as for a misdemeanor 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is sufficient.
The biU was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OF TAX BILL.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer a resolution, merely for the
purpose of reference.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received, i£?)d read, as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the act for the
collection of internal revenue be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Printing. A
similar resolution for a less number, already in-
troduced, has gone to the same committee.
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
r The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill now
before the Senate is the bill (S. No. 365) provid-
ing for the admission of the State of West Vir-
ginia into the "Union; the pending question being
on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I mov^that the further consid-
eration of that bill and all prior orders be post-
poned, and that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of the confiscation bill which we had
under discussion before the Senate went into the
Court of Impeachment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not oppose the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire; but
I desire to give notice to the Senate that I shall
very speedily be obliged to call up the Army ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. C ARLILE. Would it be in order to amend
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
by making the bill now under consideration the
special order for twelve o'clock on Monday?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
a separate and distinct question.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to address the Sen-
ate on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and it will be convenient for
mc to do so on Monday.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Virginia that it will be very easy, as a matter of
courtesy to him if he desires to speak upon it, to
get this bill up at that time. I desire now to have
it postponed, so as to take up the confiscation bill,
which has been so long under consideration, and
which 1 wish to finish to-day if possible.
Mr. GRIMES, That there may be no misap-
prehension, I wish to say to the Senatorfrom Vir-
ginia thattheSenatorfrom New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] has already given notice to the Senate that
he will call up on Monday a bill of considerable
importance.
Mr. CLARK. The Senatorfrom Virginia can
have almost any time he desires, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to postpone the pending and all prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the confiscation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY DEPARTMENT REORGANIZATION.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a report from a
committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
entertain it as a privileged question.
Mr. HALE. The committee of conference on
the bill (S. No. J 71) to reorganize the Navy De-
partment of the United States, are ready to report,
and as their report is very brief, I wish that it
might be considered now.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conferencc on the disagreeing voles
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (S. No. 171)
to reorganize the N.ivy Department of the United States,
have met, and after full and free conference have agreed to
lecommend, and do recommend to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the House of Itcpiesentatives recede fiom its third
amendment to said bill, on page 1, lines Uventy-four and
twenty-live, striking out ail after the woid " engineer," in
lino twenty-ioui, to and including the word " Navy," at the
end of line twenty-five.
That the Ilou&e of Representatives recede from its fourth
amendment to said hill, on pagel,lmes twenty-seven and
twenty-eight, striking outallnftci the woid " surgery," to
and including the word " Navy."
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the four-
teenth amendment of the House of Representatives, and
agree to the tame with the following amendment, namely,
snike out the word*?, " a captain on otherduty," and insert
in lieu thereof, " $3,000 per annum and that the House
of Repiescmatives agree to said amendment toihe amend-
ment. JOHN P. 1IALE,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
MILTON S. LATHAM,
Managers on the -putt of the Senate,
C. 13. SEDGWICK,
J. K. MOORHEAI),
Managers on the part of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the repoit.
Mr. HALE. 1 will explain to the Senate very
briefly what it is. The third amendment relates
to the appointment of an engineer at the head of
the engineer department. The Senate provided
that he should be taken from the engineers in the
Navy. The House struck that out, leaving it open.
They have agreed to recede from that. The fourth
amendment relates to the provision that the sur-
geon to be at the head of the Bureau of Medicine
in the Navy should be taken from the naval sur-
geons. The House struck out that provision; and
they now recede from their disagreement to it.
The fourteenth amendmentof the House provided
that the assistant to the chief of the Bureau ofOrd-
nance should receive the pay of a captain on sea
duty, which is three thousand five hundred or
three thousand six hundred dollars. The Senate
struck that out and put in $2,500. The committee
of conference split the difference and put it at
§3,000. That is the way the bill stands. There
were only those three amendments.
The report was concurred in.
CONFISCATION OL' REBEL PROPERTY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
471) to confiscate the property of rebels for the
payment of the expenses of the present rebellion,
and for other purposes; the pending question be-
ing on the amendment offered by Mr. Clark asa
substitute for the whole bill.
The PRKSfDENT pro tempore. Upon this
question the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Wright]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not feel able to go on
with my remarks this morning. I am not dis-
posed to take up the time of the Senate now, and
I shall have an opportunity at another time when
I am in better health to make a few remarks. I
am more anxious to vote on the measure than I
am to talk about it. I may have about a thiity
minutes' speech to make on the next bill of the
House; but owing to the condition of my health,
I yield the floor at present.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to say a few words
upon this House bill. I am in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire; and I will very briefly give my reasons
