THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TiiiRTY-Sr.vENTn Congress, 2d Scssion.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1861.
New Series No. 2.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before th^ Senate, is on agreeing to the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Kansas, to
insert the words'4 Wilson Creek andLexington"
after the words Edwards's Perry.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. The duties of the committee
•will necessarily be very arduous, but they would
extend all over the country if that amendment be
adopted. A great deal has been said about the
disaster of Bull Run, and it has been attributed
to politicians; it has been attributed to civilians;
it has been attributed, in my estimation, to every-
thing but the right cause. I think it is due to the
Senate and the country that that disaster should be
investigated, and that the blame should rest where
it belongs; and I think the same of Edwards's
Ferry. The scenes of these disasters are right
here in our presence; the evidence is at hand; and
it will be a very easy matter to investigate those
two cases. If the Senator from Kansas desires
to investigate those western disasters to which he
refers, I am perfectly willing to vote for an inde-
pendent committee to investigate them; and if the
Senator from Iowa wishes to investigate every-
thing, I will vote for his committee too; but I hope
this resolution will be permitted to pass as it has
been presented.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, that
officer who, in my opinion, deserves as high a
position as any other m the military annals of the
country, perished at Wilson Creek. He perished
after there had been full time to relieve him and
to save him. Weeks before Lyon fell, I remem-
ber communicating to almost every Senator upon
this floor a telegram from him to the Government,
in which he said he must have reinforcements or
he must give up his position.
The gentleman from Michigan says the people
feel a desire to know the reason of the misfortune
at Bull Run. There is a stronger desire in the
minds of the people to know why the gallant Lyon
was sacrificed, and why this Senate failed to act.
For the country, and for the people, I say here,
that this Senate did not fail to act. We waited
upon the President, and communicated (o him the
information wo had received from Lyon. The
people desire to know whether it was the fault of
the President of the United States or of some sub-
ordinate officer. The people desire to know why
four regiments of men were sent to Cairo instead
of to Springfield; why the regiments at Rolla
were not ordered forward. They desire to know
why the force at Lexington was sacrificed, con-
sisting of three thousand men, after weeks of
notice that the place was to be attacked, and when
a tremendous army was moving with a snail's
pace, live or six miles only a day, upon that little
army of ours under the command of the gallant
Mulligan. This Government, or some subor-
dinate officer, with ample force in hand, allowed
that disaster to happen. All that was necessary,
was to say to this officer or that officer, " move
to the relief of Mulligan," and he would have
been relieved; but instead of advancing troops,
they were ordered back. The people want to
know from what source these orders emanated;
why it was that the Americanarms were disgraced
at Lexington; why it was that millions of prop-
erty were lost at Lexington, when it required but
a simple word to save the army, to save the stores,
and save the disgrace of surrender to traitors.
It is important, Mr. President, I say to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that the reason of the mis-
fortunes and disasters here should be known to
the country; but it is more important that dere-
liction of duty—plain, manifest—should be ex-
posed. Who has been guilty of this dereliction
of duty? The President of the United Statesor
some subordinate officer? Let the responsibility
of the sacrifice of the gallant Lyon at Springfield
and of the fall of Lexington rest upon the proper
person. Let up i^ive the names, that the country
may know who is responsible for it. This com-
mittee can discharge all this duty. It wdl take
but a few days to inquire as to the misfortunes
here, and in my opinion they will not have to send
2
far for the information to ascertain the man that
sacrificed Lyon and that permitted Lexington to
fall.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. GRIMES. Is a substitute in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not now.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to offer a substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If theie be no
further amendment, the substitute proposed by
the Senator from Iowa will now be in order.
Mr. GRIMES. The substitute is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
a joint committee, to be composed of two members of the
Senate and three members of the House of Representatives,
be appointed to inquire into the causes of the disasters that
have attended the public arms, with power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until to-mor-
row. My reason is a very simple one; it has ref-
erence to myself; and perhaps the same reason
will be appreciated by other members of the Sen-
ate. The matter comes upon mo by surprise. I
am not precisely satisfied, at this moment, of the
expediency of passing this resolution. There are
many things to be considered, with regard to its
effect upon the country, and upon the public ser-
vice generally. I do not know, I will not under-
take to say, that it is not all right, and as it should
be; but for myself, I require further time for de-
liberation and reflection, before acting on a ques-
tion which involves so many very important con-
siderations. I ask, therefore, that it may be laid
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to postpone the further consideration
of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take from the table
the bill (S. No. 6(5) introduced at the last session
declaring the "act to rctrocede the county of Al-
exandria, in the District of Columbia, to the State
of Virginia," to be unconstitutional, and for re-
pealing the same, and to refer it, with so much
of the President's message as relates to the same
subject, to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that Senatebill No.
28 be taken from the table and placed on the
orders of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That willbedone
if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. "Abill to suppress
the slaveholders' rebellion." The motion simply
is to take it from the table and put it on the Cal-
endar. Is there any objection ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It had better be rcfened
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not yetbeen
referred to any committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to assist volunteers
in taking advantage of the allotment system.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill abolishing sutlers in the volun-
teer forces of the United States.
Mr. CLARK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill in amendment of the act
of September 18,1850, known as the fugitive slave
law.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
79) for the relief of Assistant Surgeon Edward P.
Vollum, of the United States Army; which was
read twice by its title, and referred, with his pe-
tition and papers on the files of the Senate, to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
COLONEL DIXON H, MILES.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I introduced yesterday, calling on the
President for copies of the charges, testimony,
and finding in the case of Colonel Dixon H. Miles.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
submitted by the Senatorfrom Iowa is now before
the Senate, and the question is on its adoption.
The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish to
the Senate copies of the charges., testimony, and finding of
the recent court of inquiry in the case of Colonel Dixon H.
Miles, of the United States Army.
Mr. GRIMES. It wilt be remembered, Mr.
President, that Colonel Richardson, who com-
manded a brigade of the reserve at the battle of
Bull Run on the 21st of July last, reported Col-
onel Dixon H. Miles, of the regular Army, who
commanded the entire reserve force on that occa-
sion, to have been intoxicated—too drunk for the
proper performance of his duties. It was for this
reason that Colonel Richardson, after receiving
several contradictory orders, finally refused obedi-
ence. The general-in-chief of the Army there-
upon ordered a court of inquiry to investigate the
truth of the charge. That court of inquiry has
been held, and a most extraordinary conclusion
arrived at. They found that Colonel Miles was
drunk on the occasion alluded to, to a certain ex-
tent; that is, he was drunk enough to justify Col-
onel Richardson in reporting him to be drunk, but
not drunk enough to justify the callingofacourt-
martial for his trial and condemnation, if found
guilty. I will read the finding of the court of
inquiry. It is as follows;
" First—That Colonel J. B. Richardson was justified in
applying the term drunkenness to Colonel I). II. Miles'-?
condition about seven o'clock, p. m., on the 21st of July
last.
" Second—That the evidence is clear that Colonel Miles
liad been ill several days before July 21st last; whs ill on
that day; that the surgeon had proscribed medicines for
him on the day of the battle; had prescribed for him small
quantities of brandy. The court, however, considers his
illness as a very Might extenuation of the guilt attached to
his condition about seven, p. m.,on July 2*1 st last.
44 Opinion.—The court is of opinion that evidence can-
not now be found sufficient to convict Colonel Miles of
diunkenness before a court-martial, and a court-maitial
cannot be convened for this trial without great inconven-
ience to the service, and recommends that no further pio-
ceedings be had."
It will be exceedingly interesting, Mr. Presi-
dent, to learn how drunk a man may be to justify
another in applying that opprobrious term to him,
and yet not drunk enough to warrant his trial
and removal from command. The country, I
think, would like to know the names of the astute
officers who composed this remarkable court. It
may be desirable to know the quantity and fre-
quency of the prescriptions of brandy that were
administered to Colonel Miles that day,and which
the court very gravely tell us they consider us
very slight extenuation of the guilt attached to
his condition about seven o'clock, p. m.
Such was the finding of the court, in relation
to the condition of the man who, on the memo-
rable 21st of July last, exercised the most im-
portant military command next to that of the
commanding general in the field. Let the world
know precisely how great his guilt was, and why,
ifguilty,hehasbeen neither ordered before a court-
martial or dropped from the Army list.
Mr. President, the time when intemperate offi-
cers can be safely appointed to, or retained in,
either the Army or Navy has gone by. The
people of this country are now too much in earn-
est to quietly endure the one or the other. These
are no times to indulge in thai sickly sentiment
sometimes improperly called kindness of heart,
and which is unwilling to do or dares not do
justice to the country by maintaining discipline
and sobriety in the Army and Navy. The people
are unwilling to intrust the great interests they
have at stake in this conflict into the hands of
those who rest even under the suspicion of in-
