2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
braska is entitled to the floor.
- Mr.- MORTON. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the chairman of the committee, and for the
information of the House, that part of the north-
ern precinct of L'eau-qui-court county is in the
Territory of Dakota, but was then in the Terri-
-tory ofNebraska, and that the organization of the
Territory of Dakota took a portion of Nebraska
lying between .L'eau-qui-court and the Missouri
rive r.
Mr. DAWES. I have notasked tliegentleman
•where the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-court
was. I know where it was. That is not the
question. The question is whether the Yancton
Sioux agency, from which these voters, accord-
ing to the testimony, came across the Missouri
river and voted at this precinct, was in Nebraska
T1 ^ 1V/T A.! J ....11 t I-!.-.I I.
* ~ ft U4 til i.1 ^ULUOl\U
Territory? My friend will be kiud enough to
answer that question, and not a question which I
did not ask him.
Mr. MORTON. I have to say in reply to that)
that I have never admitted that anybody came
across from the Yancton Sioux agency to vote;
but I have only endeavored to establish the where-
abouts of the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-court.
On the contrary, I have proved successfully that
the witnesses who swore that some one who came
over from that agency and voted were unworthy
of belief, and that they were paid for swearing in
that way. I do not claim that the Yancton Sioux
agency is a portion of the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. DAWES. I thank you for that answer.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the testimony of Heck,
one of these witnesses, is true, then there is no
foundation for throwing out all of the L'cau-qui-
court vote. If the testimony of Waford is true,
there is also no authority for throwing out the
whole vote, for notone ofthepi, in their testimony,
impeaches the validity of some of the votes.
But, in order to sustain the testimony, which
the committee themselves have no confidence in,
they have produced the census returns of the
northern precincts, from which it appears that
there were one hundred and fifty-three residents
in the county ot L'eau-qui-court. That may be
true. Was there any territory for election pur-
poses attached to the precinct, except what was
embraced within the county then? The census
returns show that upon the Territory immediately
across the river, there were three hundred and
twenty-five residents. The census returns are
hero andean be produced, if necessary. But if the
argument of the committee,that the returns from
the county show how many votes wcte polled,is
worth anything, I ask them to produce the icturn
from the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-court—
not that of the county.
The committee also say that it would have been
an easy thing for the contestant to have produced
evidence upon all these points. The sitting mem-
ber gave his notice of contest on the 5th of De-
cember, and on the 15th he commenced taking his
tQj&mony, and lie did not close it until the 19th
* oWtiiiLiary. The time was out upon the 2d of
February.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. 1 hope the gentleman's time will
be extended.
Mr. WASHBURNE. How long.
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot tell; I may
desire to have five minutes, and perhaps fifteen.
Mr. LOVJ2JOY. I will not object to five min-
utes, as the gentleman from Massachusetts was
allowed five minutes.
Mr. PENDLISTON. I regret that I submitted
to interruptions?,, because the result is to cut me
uffin the midst ot the first branch of my argument.
A Voice. Say fifteen minutes.
No objection being made, the time was extended
fifteen minutes.
Mr. PENDLETON. I was going on to say
that on the 19ih of January the sitting member
°i ft i "l?®v,donCe>affd that'between that time and
the ^1 ot }> ebruary, when the time expired, there
was no opportunity to go fiomOmahn City up to
this piounet, two hundred and fifty miles, to get
testimony. If was in midwinter, and the testi-
mony i« that the snow was several feet deep, and
that it was impossible to go up there. Failin to
get this evidence, the contestant produces here
before the committee a member of this House an
honorable member, and desires that his testimony
should be taken, and that he should be examined
and cross-examined in order to show the validity
of the vote in that precinct. The contestant asks
that Mr. Todd, a member of this House, who
knew the facts, and who was then a resident of
Fort Randall and was present during the day,
should be examined in order that he might show
the validity of the election and the absence of fraud,
and yet the witness was notexamined. The pre-
sumption is that the returns from that county arc
corrcct. The presumption of law is in favor of
sworn officers doing their duty. Three of them
have sworn that they did do their duty; and two of
the clerks of plection have sworn that they did.
We have the testimony of five men to the accu-
racy of the return, to the validity of the election,
and to the absence of fraud, and their testimony
is impeached by the testimony of the four men
of whom I have given a description. They are
the men, the participes criminis to this transaction,
who impeach the sworn returns of the five men in
whose favor fevery presumption of law exists.
1 submit, and I submit it with confidence to the
House, that it is more probable that these four
men would, in consideration of the money paid
them, swear falsely, than that they, the friends of
Morton—having voted for him—should have in
hot haste come forward to stultify themselves and
show that they had committed a fraud, and vio-
lated the election law in every particular.
I now come to the election in Monroe. The
committee adduce the testimony of Charles H.
Whaley. lie states that twenty-one men who
were non-residents of the county, voted in fraud
of the law. He states that there were eight who
lived upon the reserve; that four lived in Gum'-
mmgs county; that four were surveyors; thatone
resided in Omaha City, and one other resided
somewhere, but where he did not know. The
evidence as to the surveyors, will be found upon
page 8, and it is as follows:
" Do jou know that N. P. Cook, Isaac Moore, Edwin R.
Gapran, and Israel D. Waul, (whom you have spoken of
as burvojors,) had not at the date of said election boen in
the county of Platte the necessary ume to make them legal
voter?. ?
"Ji7i$wer. The fust I saw of them was, I think, about
lour or fivo davrt before the election. At that time X saw
them oro>s the lorry at Columbus fiom the south to the north
side of lite Loup (oik of the I'laue nvei. They said they
had been surveying south of the nver. The next I saw erf
them was on tin* day of the election.
u l(\)urth question. Alight they not have been in tliecoun-
tiy and you not have known it?
" .Answer. Of course they might."
Ihere is the only evidence as to the non-resi-
dcncc of these men. Ho admits that they might
have been there a sufficient time to entitle them to
vote; he only knows nothing about it.
I'he testimony as to the four bnckmakers is to
be found upon page G of the report:
" State whete tile three that you say voted for Mr. Daily
leaded, and how 3 on know lh.it there wen; just three, and
no more. ;
" .Answer, f believe they resided in Cuming eounty. They
were ntwoikjit the tune on the biiekyard belore men-
tioned. the 15 votej thiit I have spoken ol'befoie included
M''. Daily's inline and the candidates Cor county ofliccis.
the leniiiiiling Svotes contained only Mr. Daily's name. I
saw the fifteen 11'sideill voters for Mr. Dailv deposit their
vote-s. [ know that theio wore three othei votes cam for
Mr. Daily, but who east them, and wheie they resided, I
only know from what they told me."
Now, if I understand the history of this Monroe
precinct, in Platte county, it is this: it was within
the boundaries of Monroe county, and was settled
upon and towns were built upon it. It wasattachcd
for eiection purposes to Platte county. Afierithad
been settled and after the towns were built a res-
ervation was setoff, and the Indians were placed
upon it. That was after the lastelection and be-
fore this election, and the citizens resident upon
that reserve were only exercising, as they had
done before, all the rights to which they would
have been entitled if the reserve had not been laid
off.
The county of Buffalo comes next, according'
to the report of the committee, and what are the
facts in reference to that county? In 1859 the
county of Buffalo was organized. It is said that
it was organized by the appointment of officers
by a county meeting, and not by a regular elec-
tion. Grant it. I make no question about that.
Suppose it was so organized, will not a mistake
of that kind ever be cured? The officers then ap-
pointed have passed away, and others have been
appointed. Elections have been held, and the or-
ganization of the county has been kept up. Is the
fact that originally the officers were appointed
by a county meeting and not regularly elected to
vitiate through all time the organization of that
county ? It is only necessary to state the prop-
osition in order to establish the validity of the
organization. Would gentlemen have the whole
county organization disbanded ? Would they have
the officers who are now administering the affairs
of the county turned out of office in order that
you may go back to correct the original mistake,
if there wag a mistake, in the appointment of offi-
cers?
Rulo precinct,in Richardson county, is the next
in order; and here I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
to the fact that although he ruled out 29 votes
from that county—20 of them for Mr. Morton—
he fails to take away the 9 which he admits
were illegally cast for Mr. Daily. If the gentle-
man will look at the last page of this report, he
will see that in his summing up, although he ad-
mits that 9 votes were "cast for Mr. Daily in the
precinct, and cast illegally, he has forgotton to
take them away from the poll as returned for him.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman misunderstands
the report. I say in the report that it does not
appear clear or certain for whom all those 29 men
voted; but as Mr. Daily got only 9 votes in that
precinct, it follows that 20 of them must have
voted for Mr. Morton. It does not follow that
the other 9 voted for Mr. Daily, by any means.
It is uncertain who they did vote for.
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, but the same test-
imony which led you to the conclusion that 29
illegal votes were cast, and that 20 of them were
cast for Mr. Morton, should have led you also to
the conclusion that 9 votes, which you admit were
illegal, were cast for Daily.
Mr. DAWES. I will restate it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand it.
Mr. DAWES. Suppose the canvass Shows
one hundred votes cast for A, and nine for B, and
twenty-nine votes are shown to have been illegal,
but it is not known for whom they were cast. It
is certain that twenty of them must have .voted
for A, because E had hurt nine votes altogether.
But is that evidence at all that the other nine voted
for B? Might not nine honest voters have voted
for B? There is no evidence that any of them
voted for B. There is positive evidence that at
least twenty must have voted for A.
Mr. PENDLETON. If those twenty-nine
votes were illegal, and if the committee came to
the conclusion that twenty should be taken from
Morton, and only twenty, where are the other
nine to come from?
Mr. DAWES. As you have only fifteen min-
utes I will not interrupt you.
Mr. PENDLETON. In reference to those
votes, I do not undertake to go into the question
of the veracity of Mr. Dundy. I accept the state-
ment which he makes for the purpose of this argu-
ment. The twenty-nine men resided within the
county of Richardson, but they voted, if his test-
imony is true, outside of the precinct in which
they lived. It was a common habit, as is sworn
to by half a dozen witnesses, in that county for
residents of the county to vote in whatever pre-
cinct they might happen to be in on the day of
election; and Mr. Dundy himself, the very wit-
ness upon whose statement these gentlemen rely,
voted 011 that day in a different precinct from that
in which he lived. I admit that according to Jaw
that was wrong; but I say that the law had been
so constantly violated, it was so much the custom
of the people of that county to violate the law in
that particular, that if you deprive them of their
votes now you will do great injustice. Six wit-
nesses swear that during the three or four years
that they have lived 111 that Territory and in that
county it has been the common practice of the
residents to vote in whatever precincts they might
happen to be; and in proof of it appears the fact
that Dundy himself, the witness upon whom they
relied, exercised the right in a different precinct
from that in which he lived. It is not necessary
for me to question the accuracy of his statement.
If it is true, there is an old maxim of law, commu-
nis error facit jus. Todeprive these men, without
warning and without notice, of votes which they
have always considered legal, and which all the
people of the county considered legal, would be
to do greater injustice than for the present to vio-
late the accurate and technical rule of law upon
the subject.
