1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. HALE. Verv well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects, and he is therefore entitled to
the floor on the special order.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels.
Mr. McDOUGALL addressed the Senate for
two hours and a half, and without finishing, gave
way for an executive session. [His speech com-
plete will be found in the Appendix.]
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after being some time
engaged therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 3, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chnplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and approved.
ENGAGEMENT AT DHAINESVILLE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting a report of the en-
gagement at Drainesvtlle, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of January
20, 180*2, which was referied to the joint com-
mittee on the conduct of the war, and ordered to
be printed.
PURCHASES OF HOUSES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the purchase of
horses for Colonel Williams's regiment, m answer
to resolution of the House of January 17, 1862;
which was referred to the select committee on Gov-
ernment contracts, and ordered to be printed.
FEEDING OF DISABLED HOUSES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in further answer to the resolu-
tion of the House of December 2, 1861, in refer-
ence to the feeding of disabled horses; which wan
referred to the select committee on Government
contracts, and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF WAR DKPAKTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a report on the con-
tingent expenses of the War Department; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
OFFIClilUNG OF VOLUNTEER COMPANIES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid befoie the House a communication fiom the
Secretary of War, in answer to the resolution of
the House of Representatives, of the 20th ultimo,
asking why it is that full companies of troops who
have volunteered from Ohio and other States, and
been accepted into service by the War Depart-
ment, are now refused commissions to their of-
ficers from the Federal Government, and are
required to be commissioned, if at all, by the
Governor of Pennsylvania, and this, too, against
the earnest protest of such companies. The Sec-
retary, in answer theieto, submits a report from
the Adjutant General, who deems it necessary,
before lie can report understanding! y, that he shall
be furnished with a statement of the alleged facts
in each case which the resolution contemplates.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
SALES AND GRANTS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmittingastatement
called foi by resolution of the House of January
20, 16G2, relative to the quantity of public lands
disposed of by sale and grants since the 30th of
June, 1859; which was hud upon the table, and
oideied to be printed.
0KEG ON AND WASHINGTON AVAR CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. WALLACE, of Washing-
ton, by unanimous consent, joint resolution §.
No.25,prescribingthe mode of paying the awards
authorized by the act of 2d of March, 1861, for
settling the Washington and-Oregon war debt,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
S. FERGUSON BEACH.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report in writing on the memorial
of S. Ferguson Beach, praying to be admitted to
a seat in the House as a Representative from the
seventh congressional district of Virginia, accom-
panied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That S. Ferguson Beach is not entitled to a
seat in tills Ilou-se a Representative in the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress from the seventh congiessional district of
Virginia.
The report was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
COMPENSATION OF A DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Mr. BLAIR, of "Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joir\t resolution regulating the
compensation of the district attorney for the west-
ern district of Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to take from the
Speaker's table joint resolution H. R- No. 37,
in relation to certain railroads in the State of
Missouri, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, with a view to dispose of it.
Mr. STEVENS. That may give rise to some
debate. I beg leave to report first from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the tax bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will postpone that a moment. There
are but three amendments, and two of them are
merely verbal. I wish to submit a motion that
the House agree to the second and third amend-
ments, and disagree to the first.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table,and theamend-
ments were read.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The lasttwoamendments are
meiely verbal; but the first, which is to stiike out
the preamble, is substantial. 1 move that the
House non-concur in the first amendment, and
concur in the other two.
Mr. PRICE. I hope the House will not disa-
gree to the first amendment. The friends of the
joint resolution are willing to take it as it passed
the Senate, and delay would be very prejudicial
to the roads m Missouri. 1 hope, therefore, the
gentleman from Indiana will withdraw his oppo-
sition. I move that the House agree to the fust
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I think there had better be
a committee of conference on the jointresolution.
Mr. OLIN. I hope the House will agree to the
amendment of the Senate. I do not think that the
striking out of that preamble would alter the legal
effect of the bill at all. It is important, if the bill
is to pass, that it should pass now, and I hope,
therefore, the House will agree to the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust that my course in ref-
erence to this joint resolution proves that 1 am
anxious to do entire justice to the Missouri roads;
but the preamble asserts the proposition that the
Government has a right to free transportation over
roads to which grants of land have been made.
That assertion seems to me to be very important
m connection with the joint resolution itself. I
hope, therefore, that the House will not consent
that that preamble shall be stricken out. It puts
the case upon the ground that we have a right to
free transportation; but that, in view oftheinjuiy
which these roads have received from the enemies
of the country, and in view of the absolute neces-
sity of keeping them open for the use of the Gov-
ernment, the Government will, therefore, pay the
actual cost of transpoi tation. It seems to me to
be of vital importance that the preamble should
i be retained.
I Mr. OLIN. Let me make one suggestion to
j the gentleman. I appeal to every man withthiee
' giams of sense in the House, if it is not perfectly
j obvious that a mere congressional resolution as to
I what is the legal effect of a legislative measure
does not alter the law at at!. and that the assertion
in this preamble, that the. Government has a right
to the use of these roads under the existing law,
whenever necessary, does notalter the law at all?
Nobody will dispute that proposition. It is true
that under the existing law we have that right,
and, therefore, it is not of the least importance in
the world to assert in the preamble to this resolu-
tion that the Government has, in the judgment of
Congress, a right to use these roads.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then why was it stricken
out?
Mr. OLIN. It was a kind of barnacle sticking
to the joint resolution—a humbug. I would have
moved to strike it out myself, but 1 thought it of
no importance.
Mr. HOLMAN. I assert that the joint reso-
lution itself is to be construed by the declaration
contained in the preamble; that the preamble con-
tains the construction which Congress places upon
the grant contained in the bill. Every gentleman
understands the effect of a precedent, and the dan-
ger of this precedent is manifest, unless Congress
declares the motives which induce it to enact this
law.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the joint resolution
had better go to a committee of conference. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment of the Senate, striking out
the preamble, was disagreed to.
The second and third amendments were agreed
t0" TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
ami Means, reported a bill to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay the
interest on the public debt; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
the special order for Wednesday week at one
o'clock.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is too short
a time to examine a bill which it has taken the
committee no less than two or three months to
prepare. I suggest to the gentleman that he make
it the special order for this day two weeks.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I object to
making it a special order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
objects to the bill being made a special order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not object to
its being made a special older; but I object to the
time proposed to be fixed for it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannotacceptthat
as an objection to the special order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw the ob-
jection, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania insists
on fixing it for Wednesday week.
Mr. STEVENS. I think thatthatisfarenough
off.
Several Members. Too far.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend by fixing the
time for next Monday—one week from this day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that dis-
tinctly.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to gentlemen that
I mean to follow thts motion with a motion to print
a large number of copies of this bill for circulation,
so that our constituents all over the country may
have an opportunity to read and examine it.
Mr. COLFAX. I suppose that the debate on
this bill in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union will be at some length, and will
elicit the views of gentlemen and their constituents.
I think we ought to commence next Monday, as
it will take some time to get through with the
31 The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
whether there is objection to the bill being made
a special order ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object, unless the
time be fixed.
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the bill was made a
special order for Wednesday week.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the bill be piinted for the vise of
members.
TheSPEAKER. Thatmotiongoesto the Com-
mittee on Printing.
