2960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
why I think the House bill is not only impolitic,
but impracticable and impossible.
As I understand it, theauthority which is claimed
for Congress, and under which it is proposed to
pass this bill, is based upon the belligerentrights
of this Government. I trust I have not misunder-
stood those who advocate the House bill. It is
not put upon the ground of municipal authority;
but that it is a belligerent right,or, in the language
oftheSenator from Massachusetts,[Mr. Sumner,]
it is a right of -war; and the persons whose prop-
erty is to betaken and confiscated, are belligerents,
not criminals, not persons to be punished in the
municipal courts of the country. If that is true,
and it has been asserted and reasserted here re-
peatedly, I wish to examine a little further and
see how this bill will operate when it comes to be
put into actual practice.
In the first place, Mr. President, it seems to me
to be utterly impossible to forfeit and confiscate
the property of any particular persons as bellig-
erents, and why? Some of the departments of
this Government may have the right to confiscate
the property of Englishmen or Frenchmen or Ger-
mans or Mexicans, or people of any nationality;
but I hold it to be utterly impossible that this Gov-
ernment, or any other Government, can, by any
machinery known to the law, select out a partic-
ular class of Englishmen, Frenchmen,Germans,
or Mexicans, and confiscate their property, and
for this reason: nations confiscate enemy's prop-
erty, not because enemies have committed any of-
fense against their municipal laws or regulations,
not because enemies have incurred any personal
guilt which thoy desire to punish, but their prop-
erty is confiscated because of their nationality; it
is because they aie subjects or citizens of the
Power with which war is waged.
Now, let us suppose that this Government—and
when I speak of this Government I spoak of it as
an entirety; I do not propose here to discriminate
between its various branches or departments—were
to undertake to confiscate the property of the of-
ficers of the army at war with us, wherever found.
1 think that would be totally impossible. It would
be impossible that the court could discriminate as
to persons, in their proceedings against property,
and determine any such question us its ownership.
"When a sovereign confiscates the property of a bel-
ligerent, ho confiscatesitbecause the property itself
lias a criminal character from the place where it was
found, from its apparent destination, or from the
use in which it is engaged; and no one ever goes
further than to inquire as to those particular facts.
It is never a subject of inquiry as to who is the
owner; as to whether that owner is guilty or
whether he bo innocent; simply because, if that
were the inquiry, then the trial becomes a trial in
personam, instead of proceedings in rem. And in
the caw4 I put, the court could not distinguish the
property of an officer from that of any other per-
son, and upon the trial the property itself would
have no such characteristic marks which would
enable thorn to decide.
It is proposed by this bill to seize and confiscate
the property of certain leaders and officers under
the government of the confederate States of Amer-
ica. If we suppose for one moment that that prop-
erty is seized and carried into a prize court to be
condemned, what is the question to be tried,Mr.
President? I ask honorable Senators upon this
floor what that question is ? It is not, where did
you find the property? it is not, what use it was
put to? it is not, as to its destination ? but the ques-
tion is, does it belong to a particular person, and
what is the character of that person? Is he a per-
son described in any of the five or six classes in
the first section of this bill? If so, that then in-
volves an inquiry us to the person, and not as to
the properly.
The difficulty that this Government would have
in confiscating the property of a rebel—the diffi-
culty, indeed, that any Government would have
in confiscating the property of rebel subjects—is
the fact that they have no nationality, 'if South
Carolina was a distinct nationality at war with us,
we might readily confiscate the property of the
people of South Carolina, because wc should not
be incumbered with the inquiry as to whether the
owner of that property was guilty or not guilty;
it would be enough for us to know that he was a
South Carolinian; but the difficulty is in conse-
quence of the double relation which we hold
towards these people. We cannot, of course, con-
fiscate the property of loyal people; nobody pre-
tends we can do that; and if we undertake to dis-
criminate, we must institute an inquiry as to the
personal character of the owner of the property
seized; or, in other words, we must determine his
guilt or innocence. It is not enough to show sim-
ply that he is an inhabitant of the State of South
Carolina, and that the property belongs to him;
but we must go further, and show that he has been
a guilty participator in the rebellion which now
afflicts the country. That is a personal inquiry
and necessitates a trial in personam, and the prop-
erty itself furnishes no evidence whatever of his
guilt or innocence. By the terms of the House
gill—and this is the point to which I wish to di-
rect the attention of the Senate more particularly—
it is provided:
And the said estate and property and moneys, blocks,
credits, and effects of the persons aforesaid, aie hereby de-
clared lawful subjects of seizure and of prize and capture
wherever found; and the President of tiie United States
shall cause the same to be seized, to the end that they may
be confiscated and condemned, as hereinafter provided, to
the use of the United States.
That is the proceeding by which this property
is to be converted and the proceeds of it put into
the Treasury of the nation. In the third section
it is provided;
That to secure possession, condemnation, and pale of any
of«ueh property, situate and being in any State, district, or
Territory of the united States, proceedings in rem shall be
instituted in the name of the united States in any district
couit of the United States, or in any terntoiial court, or in
the United States district court tor the Di>ti ict of Colum-
bia, within which the pioperty above described, ot any part
theieof, may be found, or into which the same, if movable,
may be first brought, which ptoceedmgs shall conform as
nearly as may be to pioceednigs in prize eases,
Mr. President, the law between belligerents is
very well known. If one of them makes a cap-
ture,before that capture can be made available and
the proceeds of it go into the pockets of the cap-
tors or into the treasury of the Government of the
captors, it is necessary to carry it into a prize
court, that it may be determined whether it was
lawful subject of prize and capture or not. If the
court decide that question in the affirmative the
property is condemned and municipal regulations
are made by which it is to bedispose<W, and the
proceeds carried into the treasury. Now, sup-
pose the President, or his officers, which is the
same thing were to seize a quantity of property
under this act, and he were to take it into a prize
courtand libel it there for condemnation; the ques-
tion I desire to put is, by what law that court will
determine whetner it be prize or not? That is the
vital question arising upon this bill: by what law
is that to be determined? If thatcourt determines
whether it be a prize or not by municipal law, the
advocates of this bill are right; then they have
authority under the Constitution and laws to pass
the bill; but if that court decides the question by
the law of nations, then I ask of what avail and
what validity is that law of Congress in this be-
half? I put it again, Mr. President. Let us sup-
pose, if you please, thaUan officer of this Govern-
ment seizes the property of General Lee, General
Johnson, General Beauregard,or Jefferson Davis,
if you please—I mean the private property, horses,
cows, furniture, money, stocks, &c.—and takes
it into a prize court to have it libeled and con-
demned as prize: by what law does the court de-
cide whether that is prize or not? By a law of
Congress ? No, sir, not at all, the law by which
that is determined is the law of nations; and why?
Because these are belligerents; because this bill is
set upon the ground that they are belligerents; and
that is the expertmenlum cruris; it is the test of
the cross; and it establishes beyond all question,
in my judgment, and I think thejudgment of all
others who will examine it calmly and dispassion-
ately, that if this property were libeled to-day in
a district court of the United States as prize, that
court would be obliged to decide that it was not
prize at all. Suppose the judge asks, " by what
authority do you bring private property taken upon
land to be condemned by law as prize ?" The only
answer that can be given is, " by virtue of a law
ofCongress." " But," says the judge, " I do not
sit here to administer that law as between bellig-
erents in prize cases; I sit here to administer the
Jaws of nations; and by the laws of nations pri-
vate property taken upon land is not lawful prize;
and I must therefore refuse condemnation here,
and direct a return of the property."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir; half a dozen of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itis whetheracourtof the
United States can administer the laws of nations
except it is authorized to do so by law of Con-
gress ?
Mr. COWAN. The courts of the United States
sitting as prize courts and determining between
belligerents, are bound to administer the laws of
nations; indeed Congress creates these courts for
the very purpose of administering the law of na-
tions; and%hy ? To keep us at peace with other
nations. Itis not only the law, butit is common
sense and common reason; and no nation is enti-
tled to the benefit of the protection which the law
ofnationsaffords.no nation is entitled to the rights
which the law of nations gives to it, unless it es-
tablishes these courts, and unless it conforms to
those laws in relation to prizes. I will give the
honorable Senator from Illinois a very familiar
instance. Take the case of letters of marque and
reprisal. Let us suppose, if you please, that the
Senator from Illinois is injured by the sovereign
of Great Britain. He comes to Congress, because
Congress is by the Constitution the proper tribu-
nal before whom to present his grievance, and he
says, "I have been injured by the sovereign of
Great Britain, and I demand redress." He may
ask perhaps for a declaration of war againstGreat
Britain to redress him. But suppose Congress
decide that they will not declare war for that of-
fense, but say to him instead, " we will give you
letters of marque and reprisal, authorizing you to
cross the boundary between the two nations; to
seize the goods of the subjects of the Gtueen of
Great Britain; to seize the subjects themselves,
and also to seize the goods of all temporary so-
journers there, and hold them until redress is
made." Taking his letters of marque and reprisal,
he crosses the border and he makes prize of a
temporary sojourner there with his goods, carries
them into a prize court, and proposes to have them
condemned. The judge says to him, " by what
authority did you take this man and these goods?"
He replies, " I took them under a letter of marque
and reprisal granted to me by the Congress of the
United States, which in terms authorizes me to
take temporary sojourners." What is the judge
bound to tell him in that case? It is this, that
"Congress has exceeded its authority; it has a
right to grant letters of marque and reprisal under
the laws of nations; but those letters must conform
to that law. This letter is good so far as it au-
thorizes you to take the goods and the bodies of
subjects of the offending sovereign; but in so far
as it has authorized you to take the goods and
bodies of temporary sojourners it is bad, and we
will refuse to condemn the prize." Now, the
court is bound thus to decide, for a most potent
reason; and if it decided otherwise, the sovereign
of the " sojourner" would have good cause of
quarrel with us, and instead of having one enemy
on hand we would have two; and if we followed
in such a course, none could tell how many 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I wish to ask him if any
courtof the United States can declare a law of Con-
gress void for any other reason under heaven than
because it violates the Constitution of the United
States. Is there any law of nations above the law
of Congress ?
Mr. COWAN. I have said, and I say again,
that the Government of the United States estab-
lishes these courts for this very purpose—not to
decide between belligerents according to the laws
ofCongress, because belligerentsarenotbound by
the laws of Congress. The laws of Congress do
not bind the people of Great Britain, nor the peo-
ple of France, nor the people of any foreign coun-
try; nordothelawsofCongressnowbind the peo-
ple m rebellion and at war with us as belligerents.
They will bind them in a municipal sense as citi-
zens and as criminals. But remember, this bill is
placed upon the ground that they are belligerents,
and that we have the right to do this in the exer-
cise of a belligerent right.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Senator
if the Constitution of the United States does not
expressly declare that all laws passed in pursuance
thereof shall be the supreme law of the land?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume the Senator will
admit that it does. Then I will ask him whether
any court would venture to set aside a part of the
supreme law of the land unless.on the ground of
