THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON', P. 0,
Tihrty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1869.
New Series No. 126.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my fifteen minutes are nearly
expired. 1 will admit, and 1 desire to treat the
House with perfect fairness on this point, that
there is great doubt as to the validity of the vote
in Monroe precinct. I will admit that I have
greatdoubtupon that myself. I think the weight
of evidence is in favor of the legality of that vote;
but for the purpose of the argument which I make,
I am willing to throw it out. Mr. Morton re-
ceived 2,957 votes. He received 18 votes in Mon-
roe precinct. Deduct these, and he received 2,939
votes. Mr. Daily received 2,943 votes. Deduct
the 3 votes which he received in Monroe precinct,
and also deduct the 29 votes from Grand Island
precinct, which the committee itself admits have
been, but ought not to be, counted for him, and
there are to be taken from his poll 32 votes, leav-
ing 2,911, upon these precincts which I have ex-
amined, as against 2,939 for Morton, showing
that Morton was elected by a majority of 28 votes.
Jf 1 had time, if my hour were not already passed,
and if I had not received the indulgence of the
House, I would not go into all the allegations
made by Mr. Morton, because I hold to the prop-
osition that Mr. Morton is entitled to his seat,
unless his title shall be impeached by the sitting
Delegate. I have now gone over all those points
made by the sitting member which tjie Commit-
tee of Elections thought worthy of notice, and
upon them I can come to no other conclusion than
that he has not made a shadow of claim to im-
peach any vote, except the vote in Monroe pre-
cinct. With that I leave the case.
MESSAGE FROM TIM SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed an act (No. 303) for the relief
of D. G. Farragut; and an act (No. 299) for the
relief of Ro3C M. Harte, widow of Edward Harte;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. MORTON. To the House of Represent-
atives and the country at large, in the present
state of public affairs, it is a mutter of very small
importance whether one man or another, or any
man at all, mav represent here the people of Ne- ,
braska. It will be an object, therefore, in stating |
my case, not to tire patience nor needlessly con-
sume valuable time. Briefly I desire to review
the report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections.
The committee have undoubtedly, with great
candor, endeavored to thoroughly understand the
case in hand, and to report thereon their convic-
tions. The treatment I have received at their
hands has ever been most considerate and cour-
teous. I speak, therefore, with the best impulses
towards each gentleman of that committee, and
with the hope that I may give offense to none of
its members.
The testimony in the case of Daily vs. Morton
comprises a volume of one hundred and sixty-one
pages. Much of the matter is of no importance
in the determination of the question as to who is
entitled to the seat of Delegate in the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress from the Territory of Nebraska.
There is much surplusage and verbiage; but the
real evidence is so mixed up with it that nothing
but a patient and thorough reading of the whole
book will enable one to rightly understand the
merits of the case which I have made out.
Without censure, and desiring to cast no reflec-
tion, I presume I may be safe in saying that not
more than three members out of the nine who
compose the Committee of Elections have ever
read all the testimony submitted; yet I would not
reproach them, for l'know that to one not inter-
ested as I am in the determination of this contest,
the evidence and papers must prove very dreary
reading. To me, sir, it is a book full of interest,
and I have read it as carefully as if it really were
what it may be, the book of fate  so far as t and
"" On the morning of the 4th of July last I arrived
126
here to take my seat in this House. 1 had been
duly and legally certificated a member of this
House. I had no more suspicion or thought that
any other person than myself would be sworn in as
Delegate from Nebraska than you, Mr. Speaker,
had that some other person than yourself would be
qualified to represent your district from the State
of Pennsylvania. But, in the excitement and agi-
tation which pervaded the House at its first organ-
ization, I was wholly unable to obtain an oppor-
tunity to state the facts relative to the issuance
of a second certificate to Mr. Daily by Governor
Samuel W. Black. I will do so, briefly, now.
Six months or more after the canvassing board
had awarded the certificate ot election to me, and
Governor Black had issued it; three monthsafter
the death of Chief Justice Hall, whom the law of
the Territory made a member of the board of
canvassers, and who had acted in that capacity,
and concurred in the award of the certificate to
me; nearly two months after the term of my office
as Delegate in Congress began, (that is, after the
4th of March, and ostensibly on the 29th of April,
1861,) Samuel W. Black, without notifying the
district attorney, without a recount of the votes,
without notice to me, without the authority of
law or precedent, secrelly, fraudulently, and per-
fidiously issued a psetido certificate to Mr. Daily,
and attempted to revoke mine without notifying
me. He did this because he hated and desired to
injure me. It was the vengeance of an assassin
and a coward wreaked upon one who had, by loan-
ing him hundreds of dollars, saved himself and
family from shame and mortification, saved even
their family carriage from public auction at the
hands of the sheriff. Mr. Black owed me money,
and he became indignant because I, after he had
enjoyed for three years the use of a few hundred
dollars, which he had borrowed to return in three
days, pressed him for payment. He owes that
money yet, though I may possibly reach a part
of it as follows:
Sheriff's Sale.
j. Steiiing Morton )
vs. S
Samuel W. Black. ) .
Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of a special execu-
tion to me directed, from the clerk of the district court of
Otoe county, Nebraska Teintory, against the goods, chat-
tels, lands-, and tenements or Samuel VV\ Black, defendant,
in favor of J. filing Morton, plaintiff. I will offer at pub-
lic sale to the lushest and best bidder on Saturday, the 17th
day of May, A. I). 1862, at the hour often o'clock, a.m., all
the right, title, arid niteie&t of the said defendant in and to
the following described piopcrty, to wit: _
The north half of the,  oithwe&t quarter of section thir-
teen : and the east halt ot tin; south half of the southwest
quarter of section twelve, township seven, rantre nine, east;
and the *outh half of the northeast quaiter of\eetion twenty-
six, town seven, lange thntcen,east ol tsixth puucipal me-
ridi'an, Otoe county, Nebraska Tciritory.
Sale to take place on said day jn front of the door ot the
room where tile last term ot the district court was liekl 111
Nebraska City, Otoe county, Nebiaska Teintory.
Given under my band, this 11th day ot Apn , A D 186:!.
GEOllUE W. sSROAT,
Sheriff of Oloe county, Ncbratka Ten ilory.
This is clipped from among the legal advertise-
ments which appear in a late number of the INe-
hraska City News.
It cannot be that the House of Representatives
would become the coadjutor of an individual in
his pursuit of revenge, and I am therefore confi-
dent that, could I have been allowed time at the
beginning of the extra session, I could have pre-
vented the swearing in of Mr. Daily upon his
fraudulent certificate, and I might now show
Black's avarice and malice were jointly gratified
by the issuance of the second certificate.
But upon such & prima facie case, Mr. Daily,
by a vote of the House, given under a misappre-
hension, I am certain, was made the sitting Dele-
gate, and the case referred to the committee by the
adoption of the following resolution:
>' Resoh-cd.Tlal the papers in tlie contested scat tor Rele-
gate fiom the Terutoiy ot Nchia-ka bo referred to the Com-
mittee ot Elections, and that they he authorized to iinTCs
tmate and ri port on the same without regard"ot'«e • a1^
that all oilier cases of contest* for seats in tins House ne
also l-eieried to Uiatconmiittecloi investigation and report.
The majority of the committee in their 1'eP°rt
assume that the House having determined who
was prima facie the sitting member,-the Commit-
tee. of Elections were relieved;in tile inquiry from
all embarrassment upon that point. '•
All " the papers in the case " were referred to
the committee. Among them were two certificates
of election, one issued to Mr. Morton and the other
to Mr. Daily, each being declared Delegate from
Nebraska to this Congress. One certificate had
been legally issued and was valid; the other had
been illegally issued and was invalid. "Was Mor-
ton's certificate or Daily's certificate the legal and
valid one? If.this question was not intended to
be answered by the Committee of Elections, why
were the two certificates referred to the commit-
tee? If certificates are not to be examined and re-
ported upon by the Committee of Elections, then
why does rule No. 45 of this House declare that
the committee shall inquire into and report upon
the validity of certificates of election?
It occurs to me that the committee might, per-
haps should, have declared which of the two men
claiming seats in this Congress from Nebraska
had presented and asked to be sworn in upon a
legal and which upon an illegal certificate of elec-
tion? It seemed to me that the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] tfiought
that I had presented the best prima facie case, be-
cause he had voted that I should be sworn in the
first instance, and he had thus declared against
the legality of the certificate presented by Mr.
Daily. It'would have been a great gratification
to myself and friends to have been able to have
read m the report of the committee, made by^so
scholarly a gentleman as its chairman, something
declaring, at least, that Mr. Morton had come here
in good faith as the sitting Delegate, and that, if
one of the two certificates presented to the House
was illegal, fraudulent, and void, it was not that
one presented by Mr. Morton. Such a statement
would have been very just to me, and eminently
so to Mr. Daily.
If the ground taken by the committee is correct,
that after the House has once decided a prima facie
case it cannot be redetermined by the committee,
strange consequences may ensue. And if this
doctrine is to be adopted by the House, and this
made a precedent by which Congressmen shall in
future be governed in the determination of similar
cases, I can easily discern a very expeditious,
novel, and certain method of becoming a member
of this honorable body, compared to which the
generally accepted route to a seat here is excess-
ively tedious, antique, and dubious.
The principle is established that the House
having once decided who is prima facie the sitting
member, by swearing him in, the Committee of
Elections shall not go behind that decision.
This is the premise, and my conclusion must nat-
urally and logically follow that the best manner to
become amember of Congress with safety, securi-
ty,ami celerity,is notto become a candidate before
the people at all, but quietly to go to the private
residence of some Governor of small means, easy
virtue, and extravagant habits, and purchase a cer-
tificate of election—being well insured that it is
positively the last one to be issued—come here and
secure the affections of the Cleric of the House by
some means, and if he is a bold man, and an anx-
ious canditate for reelection, your name will be put
upon the roll-call of the members, and you will be
sworn in. There will be no further trouble; the
prima fade case will have been deeded by the
House; the committee cannot act upon italtei that
decision; and as you have no other case to be re-
ferred you are safely inseated upon live oak and
green morocco to enjoy all the honors and per-
quisites arising therefrom for the period of two
" rtiL. trrtlll* CPI'tlfiffirf Will. fif
no one cant..
the thirty days specified by the law of 1851. i here
will be no papers, nor evidence, nor anything else
to refer to the Committee of Elections except the
certificates of election which have already been
determined upon by the House, and upon which,
according to the precedent which may have been
