2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
established by the Nebraska case, in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, the committee cannot take
action.
It would have been pleasant to me to have been
reported by the committee as the party who, ac-
cording to all law and precedent, was entitled to
the seat upon the prima facie case; and I am quite
sure that there is no member of that committee
who will maintain that 1 am not tie jure the sitting
Delegate, or that I ought not to have been so dc
facto during the pendehcy of this contest. It has
been proven, clearly and irrefutably, that the cer-
tificate of election as Delegate to the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress which Mr. Morton offered here
was the only " legal tender" made for that seat
in this House. That certificate was awarded to
him " in the presence of and with the concurrence
of the chief justice and United States district at-
torney," as the law of the Territory directs. It
was awarded without his solicitation or procure-
ment by himself or his agents or friends, and he
accepted it and came here to be sworn as Delegate
in just as good faith, and with just as much au-
thority of law, both local and national, as any
gentleman upon this floor.
Towards the close of the majority report it is
stated that—
" At the close of the argument Mr. Morton offered an affi-
davit, taken since the hearing -was commenced, and desired
to examine the witness before the committee. To thU
Daily, denying the forgery of the certificate, nevertheless
consented that the witness might be examined before the
committee, provided that he also had an opportunity to pro-
duce other'witnesses to repel the charge, and altioto prove
that th ecertijicatc held by Mr. Morton was obtained by bribery.
To tills Mr. Morton would not consent, because, as he al-
leged, it would protract the heating to an unreasonable
length. But the contmittec were of opinion that tUoy had,
in this hearing, nothing to do Willi the certificates; that the
House had considered these certificates in deciding who
should be the sitting Delegate pending the contest, and that
nothing was left to the committee at this hearing but to go
behind all certificates, and ascertain who had a majority of
the legal votes. 
The testimony I offered by which to demon-
strate the fraudulency of the certificate upon which
Mr. Daily had obtained and held my seat in this
House until more than one half the term of the
office had expired, could not have been secured
until after the case had been referred, or until I
knew that there was a necessity for invalidating
a certificate, the existence of which, up to that
time, imd been kept as profoundly aecret as its
conception and birth.
Certainly, the committee could not ask me, or
expect me, to furnish evidence to invalidate a
given point before that point had been stated by
Mr. Daily.
It is reported also that Mr. Daily consented to
the examination of the witness, (Pentland,) to
prove the votdness of lus certificate, provided that
he might have an opportunity to produce other
witnesses, and also to prove that the certificate
held by Mr. Morton teas obtained by bribery 9 and
that to this Mr. Morton objected because it would
protract the hearing to an unreasonable length.
I did make such objection; but I also asserted
the legat fact, that no second certificate could have
been legally issued, and that if 1 could be sworn
in as the Delegate upon my certificate, as I was
entitled to be, Mr. Daily could then take testi-
monyupon this new allegation of his to his heart's
content. It will be observed by the House, that
in his notice of contest, though many allegations
are made, no one charging that my certificate was
obtained by biibery can be found, and the com-
mittee will bear witness that no such charge was
fiver made by Mr. Daily until I offered the evi-
dence of Mr. Pentland. I repel and denounce that
charge as unworthy the dignity of denial, and
with confidence submit the prima facie case to this
House,
The vote in the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-
court county is next taken up by the committee,
and almost entirely upon the evidence of hired
witnesses, (as the minority of the committee
plainly show,) 12*2 votes returned from that pre-
cinct for me are thrown out.
The man Westerman, who avers, in his testi-
monyupon this vote, that he started up north in
pursuit of furs and frauds, with no inconsiderable
sum of money for purchasing the first, or, I pre-
sume, proving the existence of the latter, also
swears to the hiring of Heck and Waford both,
and that he paid them $150 for the testimony that
they should give. His evidence as to the money
being paid for the testimony is conclusive, and
may be found in the report of the minority. The
majority report, however, that I have wholly
failed to prove that the witnesses were paid for
the character of the testimony they gave. It is
possible that I have; but the man who hired and
paid Heck and Waford swears that he hired them
as witnesses, and paid them for being witnesses
and for giving evidence. If the employer cannot
swear as to the wages and services of his em-
ploye, then I have indeed wholly failed to prove
that the witnesses were bribed.
Since his successful and profitable experiment
as a factor of merchantable evidence in Nebraska,
Mr. Waford has essayed the business of a prac-
tical perjurer in the new Territory of Dakota; but
his first effort fails, because Hermann Wester-
man, his old patron, comes forward and swears
that Waford was a hired witness in Nebraska,
and that his character is such that he ("Wester-
man) would not believe him under oath. Affi-
davits to prove this were placed before the com-
mittee; but the committee say I made no charges
against the character of Cox, whose testimony
they quote. 1 had no proof against his veracity;
but I did state to the committee, and I repeat it
here, that he did tender his services as an itin-
erant witness to me, and in the presence of my
attorney, Hon. A. J. Poppleton, of Omaha, offer
to swear in this ease for a consideration; that!
declined to negotiate; and that within a week he
turned up as witness for Mr. Daily.
The committee say it would have been easy for
me to have produced living witnesses from this
northern precinct. The committee will perceive
by reference to the first notice to take testimony
served by me upon Mr. Daily, that I proposed to
examine six men upon that vote who were in that
precinct at thatelection, and among them Captain
Todd, now Delegate from Dakota Territory. 1
should have examined them had the roads and the
weather been such that they could have come
down to Omaha during the small part of the sixty
days which Mr. Daily had not consumed in tak-
ing his evidence, and during which (under the law
of 1851 regulating contested elections in Con-
gress) all the testimony must be closed. To hove
secured their evidence, and at the same time the
testimony necessary to verify the charges of
frauds perpetrated in Falls City, was an utter im-
possibility. But I have offered to bnn<* Hon. J.
B. S. Todd before the Committee of Elections
and have him examined to prove the character of
the men Ileok, Wafoid, Westerman, and Cox,
and also to establish the validity and legality of
votes at the northern precinct. To the introduc-
tion of Gen i at Todd as a witness Mr. Daily most
persistently and victoriously objected ; though
once he stated that if 1 would let him know what
I desired to prove by General Toddt perhaps he
would consent to his coming befoic the commit-
tee for examination. I replied that the point I
desired to establish by General Todd was that 1
received and was entitled to have counted for me
122 votes from the northern precinct, and that the
witnesses which he examined to prove the contra-
ry were unworthy of belief, even underoath. Mr.
Daily did not consent to General Todd's examin-
ation ; in fact I think his objections to his becoming
a witness were rather strengthened by my reply.
Finally, upon the last day of the hearing before the
Committee of Elections, Mr. Daily introduced as
evidence, and I made no objection, the census re-
turns from i/eau-qui-court county. And from
these the committee deduce curious and interest-
ing facts, and show that counting the 122 votes in
the noithcrn precinct with those cast in the vari-
ous other precincts of the county, they have more
voters than they have men, women, and children,
according to the census returns of L'eau-qui-
court county, Nebraska, now on file at the Census
Bureau in this city. True, but the Territory of
Dakota has been formed since that time, and all
that portion of Nebraska lying north of theL'eau-
qui-court river, including the northern precinct,
has been made a part of Dakota Territory, and the
census returns embracing that precinct are found
among the returns which show the population of
Dakota Territory. Through the kindness of the
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] who addressed some inquiries to the Su-
perintendent of the Census, I have been furnished
with the figures relatsve^to that portion of Dakota
which was formerly included in the northern pre-
cinct of Nebraska, from that bureau, and they
showthatthe Yancton agency districtalone( which
agency was within three miles of Smith's house,
where the election for the northern precinct was
held) contained , at the time of taking that census,
a white population of three hundred and fifty-five,
and that at Vermillion, notfardistant, there was a
white population of two hundred and twenty-five.
The census returns, then, prove more for me
than for my opponent, and they verify the im-
peachment of the witnesses by whose venal test-
imony the entire vote of a settlement was sought
to be annulled. In addition to this, I may say I
have offered to prove the vote by General Tocld;
and that Mr. Daily objected to my doing so,and
that I have fully explained the apparent incon-
sistencies which the committee illustrated by the
census returns, and by evidence from the same
bureau have established the fact of the settlement
at and about Smith's house, in the northern pre-
cinct of L'eau-qui-court county, and that the
testimony to substantiate the vote of the northern
precinct of L'eau-qui-court county is more credit-
able than that adduced to invalidate and destroy it.
With this showing, I submit to the House whether
the deduction of this 122 votes from my poll is
clearly just, and whether the House should not
have some " hesitation in expressingtheir convic-
tion" that this vote is wholly null and void.
Monroe precinct, in Platte county, is next at-
tacked by the contestant, Mr. Daily, and the alle-
gation relative to this vote is:
" That of the persons who voted in the Monroe precinct,
in the county of Platte, five were non-residents of the last-
mentioned precinct or county, and the rest were inhabit-
ants and then residents of the Pawnee Indian reservation."
Mr. Whaley is the only witness examined to
substantiate this charge, and he utterly fails to
prove the first clause of it. By turning to page 8
of the report of the majority, gentlemen will per-
ceive that Mr. Whaley admits that the persons
whose votes he attempts to swear out upon the
ground of their being non-residents, may have
been in the county long enough to become legal
voters without his knowledge. The first part of
the allegation is not proved at all, and those 5
votes must not be deducted from my poll. Upon
the 5th page of the majority report, fifth question, it
is asked of Mr. Whaley to state " where the non-
residents, eighteen of whom you say voted for
Mr. Morton, resided at the time?" Mr. Whaley
answered by naming just eighteen, not twenty-
one, and gives his notions of their residence. It
is singular, and may show some slight tendency
to partiality, that Mr. Whaley forgot to assert •
and give the names of twenty-one voters, but re-
members just enough to dovetail with his state-
ment that eighteen had voted for Mr. Morton.
But the committee state, upon page 5, that Mr.
Whaley *' has been a representative in the Legis-
lature of the Territory,"and his*testimony is con-
sequently, I suppose, " of such a character that
he cannot be mistaken." The people of that oc-
cidental propinquity will, I have no doubt, be
extremely astonished and vastly gratified, and
peihaps somewhat amused to learn that a man
" cannot be mistaken" after he has served a term
in the Nebraska Legislature. If the committee
would stand to their doctrine, I'might prove that I
had served two terms in that distinguished body,
and in the next breath I would assert that I had
also been duly elected, certificated, and was en-
titled to a seat in this House, and if infallibility
attaches to Mr. Whaley, so it would to me, and
I should undoubtedly be delighted by hearing the
committee remark of me, as of the unerring
Whaley, " he cannot be mistaken."
That twelve or thirteen others who cast their
votes for me at that precinct lived upon the Paw-
nee reserve, Mr. Whaley endeavors to prove, but
he fails, in my judgment. But suppose they all
lived upon that reserve: by what laws are they dis-
franchised? Where is the statute, either Uni-
ted States or territorial, which punishes dwellers
upon an Indian reserve, who are there lawfully
and in the employment of the Government, with
disfranchisement? Even if they are trespassers,
then what law punishes trespass with disfran-
chisement? All these men swore in their votes,
and took the oath administered by the judges of
the election at that precinct, and until something
more than the testimony ofa single man is brought
against that poll, it ought to remain intact as re-
turned. But the broad ground is taken that the
dwellers upon reserved lands cannot vote at the
