2962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
make just one suggestion?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. It is that weave not fighting our
brethren; we are fighting our enemies, as I under-
stand it.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I do noi. agree
to that opinion, and I will give my reasons for it.
I am afraid that is a question which is not very
well understood as yet; bat before this matter is
over, it will be understood, and all men will un-
derstand it; they will be bound to understand it
before we got through with this rebellion. Ninety-
nine out of every hundred of these men with
whom we are at war to-day are our brethren.
Why? Will any gentleman, who has taken the
pains to look into the history of rebellions, who
knows anything of men or of mankind generally,
undertake to assert and say that the masses of
the people South are traitors and rebels as against
the Government of the United States? If that
were true, if that could be true, then our war is
worthless. But, Mr. President, it is not true.
This rebellion is the work of a few men, and its
spread and its enlargement is the fault of the Gen-
eral Government of these United States, not the
fault of the people of the southern States. How
is it? Who started it ? Where dill it begin ? Does
any man believe that at the time this rebellion broke
out in South Carolina ten thousand men would
not have crushed it at once and shielded every-
body from it? I have never heard a man venture
u contrary opinion. 1 do not believe any man en-
tertains a contrary opinion. This rebellion sprung
up just as all rebellions do. It is first in the hands
of a few bad, desperate men, who overawe the
community, and seize, if they can, the insignia
of power and establish a ih facto government;
but after that de facto government is established,
do you expect, tiie people to resist it? Do you
expect the ninety-nine men out of a hundred who
are non-combatant, who are powerless, weak,
and feeble—ignorant, if you please, of constitu-
tional laws,constitutional rights,and constitution-
al remedies—to resist such a government? What
would you have had the poor people of South
Carolina to do after this rebellion hud been al-
lowed to go on until it seized the government of
that State, had its driver seated upon the box,
with the reins in his hands and his whip cracking
over the backs of the people ? What would the
people of your State do, Mr. President, if rebels
seized upon the State government of Vermont, if
they hntl the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor,
tlieL<-gislnturc,andthe judges, and if they had the
whole machinery of the State government ill their
hands? Who would resist? You might, sir;
your colleague might; strong men might; but
would the mass of your people resist? To slip-
pose (hat they would is to suppose what no people
have ever done under the sun, and what no people
ever will do ii mil men attain to a stature larger than
thai to which they have heretofore grown.
Then, to follow on, let uf*8u pposo a citizen of
South Carolina at the bar of this Senate to-day,
arraigned here as a rebel, what would he say to
you? What would ninety-nine out of one hundred
of those people say to you? They would say to
you, " Gentlemen, I was a Union man, I was not
n rebel; I had no quarrel with the Government of
the United Slates; it had never injured me; I had
always believed it was the best under the sun and
I was perfectly content with it." " Well, why
did you allow this rebellion to get up ?" Here-
torts the question upon us and says, " Why did
you allow it to get up? In and by the Constitu-
tion, the General Government guarantied to South
Carolina a republican form of government. That
General Government guarantied again, and it ivas
part of the consideration upon which the contract
was entered into, that it would repel invasion and
that it would suppress rebellion." " Now,"says
he, " did you do it? I never would have thought
of going- into that rebellion, I do not know any of
my neighbors who would have gone into it, be-
cause wo were ail peaceable people; but there were
a few hot-headed, desperate men, who determined
to withdraw the State from the Union, and they
undertook to establish an independent govern-
ment over us; they had the machinery m their
hands, and we were obliged to submit; and what
then did youdo to discharge yonr guarantee, how
did you relieve yourselves of you] constitutional
obligations?" I say, Mr. President, that Mr. Bu-
chanan put his hands in his breeches pockets, and
said he and the General Government, " we can
do nothing, we cannot coercea State,"and all that
kind of thing, and the littte fire there kindled was
allowed to burn and spread by his neglectand that
of the General Government, until it overran
seven or eight States, and established itself in a
great de facto government, -which is now known
as the government of the confederate States of
America. The masses of the people were obliged
to submit and yield, however unwillingly, and
under the circumstances it was all they could do;
and, Mr. President, I have not a doubt that if we
could rescue them to-morrow from the tyranny of
that government which is over them, they would
come back gladly to theirallegiance, never to leave
it again. And our efforts are to be directed, and
solely directed, in my judgment, to suppressing
that armed rebellion, seizing the men who fo-
mented it, and punishing them by the law and
with severity. Let everybody else be treated with
kindness and conciliation Let them be brought
back, if possible, in that way, and if they are not
brought back in that way, I have no hope that
they will ever bo brought back at all; and I say
here, and I say it again, that the fault of this
rebellion and its spread, and the fact that it has
involved such numbers of people in it, is to be
attributed far more to the bail conduct of the
General Government of these United States at the
time it broke out, than it is to the masses of the
people it now affects. True, the latler are now
angry and enraged. In war that is always the
case; but their resentment againstus can have no
deep foundation because it is not based upon
wrongs unredressed, nor upon injuries which
have not been avenged. It is merely the result of
the collision;and iftlie collision were onceended,
it would cease to be.
I shall now proceed to read a little further, hav-
ing been diverted from the quotation:
" The modern usage of nations, which has becomc law"—
That is the language of Judge Marshall—
"would be violated; that sense of justicc and of light which
is acknowledged amlTelt by the whole; civilized world would
bo outraged, 11 private propeity should be generally confis-
cated and private rights annulled. Tlie people change their
allegiance"—
"The people,"mark it, the mass of the people,
who in all rebellions of this kind aie not hall' so
guilty as they are supposed to be. The guilt rests
with the leaders, not with the people—■
" their relation to their ancient sovereign is dissolved ; bnt
their relations to each other and their rights 01 property le-
niaiii undisturbed."—7 Fcters's Reports,N.
I might read more, but that is enough for the pur-
pose to show Judge Marshall's opinion in 1833,
that wc are bound by the law of nations.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to make a few
remarks with regard to this proposed law, and to
show, I think, that the execution of it is impos-
sible for another reason. The third section pro-
vides " that proceedings in rem shall be instituted
in the name of the United States in any district
court of the United States." Now, what are pro-
ceedings in rem ? They are proceedings in rem
because they enable the court to decide a question
and inflict a penalty, because they have in their
possession and under theircoiUro! property which
was used, or intended to be used, for some unlaw-
ful or belligerent purpose. You cannot institute
proceedings in rem against property generally,
anywhere and everywhere, regardless of its uses
or intended uses. Before you can avail yourselves
of it, the property itself must have been a guilty
instrument, and must itself furnish the evidence
upon which its condemnation rests, in all cases
where the contest is between belligerents, as in
this case.
Now, I say that the property of these persons
which is contemplated to be confiscated here in
this case, is not of the character indicated in any
respect, and can in nowise be distinguished from
the property of anybody else. Let us take a case.
A loyal man resides upon a certain farm, and his
property is there. A disloyal man resides upon
one adjoining, and his property is there. Now,
what is there in either case that affords you any
clue to the character of the owner? And when
you bring that property into court it is not a ques-
tion whether it is guilty property or not; it is not
a question in rem, but in personam. The first in-
quiry is, and must be, " is this the property of a
person described in this law?" And this becomes
an inquiry as to him and his identity, and not as
to the property taken. And to call this a proceed-
ing in rem is to stultify this Congress and this
Senate, the great majority of whom are lawyers.
If you find smuggled goods, you can proceed
against them in rem, because the very fact that the
goods are smuggled, and as such are there pres-
ent, proves all that you want to establish. You
can proceed against the ship of a slave-trader, be-
cause the use in which you find it establishes the
main fact upon which you decide. You do not
care where the trader is; you do not care whether
he is guilty or not guilty, insane or sane; that is
not the question. It is enough for you to know
that the ship was engaged in such traffic, and
therefore it is lawful prize. The property itselt
establishes the factum probandum. Therefore,
to say that proceedings in rem can be instituted
as against property which you pick up all over
the country everywhere, and which is not contra-
distinguished from any other property adjoining,
is simply to utter absurd legal nonsense. I am
inclined to think that the person who drew this
bill had some kind of glimmering notion running
through his brain that it was necessary to make
it a mongrel before it would work—a kind of cross
between Mars and Minerva, a hybrid, half bel-
ligerent and half municipal—because he says the
proceeding " shall conform as nearly as may be
to proceedings in prize cases, or cases of forfeit-
ure arising under the revenue laws." Cases of
forfeiture under the revenue laws arise by virtue
of municipal regulations, not because the person
who was defrauding the revenue was a belliger-
ent. The two things are totally and entirely dif-
ferent, and this phrase here demonstrates, better
than anything else could do, the utter confusion
of ideas which seems to have taken placc in the
heads of many people with regard to this subject.
Knowing, Mr. President, that we cannot con-
fiscate by mere municipal regulation, the belliger-
ent right is appealed to. Finding that that fails,
because it is to be administered under the law of
nations, then we are thrown back again upon mu-
nicipal law, and reasoning back and foward thus
between these two powers, it is hoped by its advo-
cates this bill maybe got through, though the
Constitution should be destroyed in the conflict.
Now, Mr. President, I have not a particle of hes-
itation in saying that if you pass the bill it will not
be worth the paper it is wrkfen on; it will never
pay the expense of printing; you will never real-
ize a dollar from it. The desperation of the rebel
leaders, who overawe the masses and who control
them, despite their will and wish, as I believe, is
such that you find now you cannot buy cotton;
they wSl not only not allow you to confiscate, but
they will not allow you to buy. You are at present
in the cotton States trying to buy cotton at a fair
price from men who would be willing to sell it.
Can you ? The horizon is lighted up nightly in
the neighborhood of your advancing armies with
the glare of burning cotton. They burnitbefore
you seize it, they burn it before you buy it; and
do you suppose the people whose property is con-
fiscated here will ever allow it to remain until you
get your hands upon it ? They would be singu-
larly benignant if they did. When they burn the
cotton that you are willing to pay for, much more
would they burn and destroy their personal prop-
erty which you propose to carry off and confis-
cate in a prize court, as a means of bringing them
to terms.
Bat, Mr. President, suppose you had it, sup-
pose you were enabled to go into the barn-yards
and drive away the horses and cows, the oxen,
the asses, and the swine, and that you could go
into the mansion and gut it of its furniture, carry
oil its bureau, its bedding, its utensils, and take
them into a prize court to be condemned, whata
spectacle would you present in this age of the
world ! How long would it be before they would
be condemned ? How far is it to the court, or is
the court to follow the Army and condemn upon
the spot? I suppose that is hardly pretended. If
you get your hands upon property, what will be *
done? We complain of fraud, peculation, and
rascality now in the conduct of this war; and if I
wanted to establish a method bji which ail the
thieves and plunderers were to have free license
upon the territory of the people with whom we
are at war, I believe I would pass this act. What
an abundant harvest might be gathered by rapa-
cious camp followers under it; and how much of
