1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2963
the proceeds of this legalized plunder would find
its way into the Treasury? How keep it till con-
demnation? I believe there is a provision, how-
ever, that perishable articles seized under the act
shall be used or sold; but I take it that personal
property is not generally considered perishable.
"Perishable articles," if I understand themeaning
of the phrase, mean those that will not endure
for any length of time; but the more permanent
commodities are not within that category, and
such property would all have to be kept, if once
seized, until it was condemned in a prize court,
and then sold. Now, by the time it was sold and
the expenses paid, I should like to know how
much of indemnity there would be as against the
losses sustained by loyal men, or as against the
losses of the country as sustained by the war.
Mr. President, I am as anxious to have some
mode fixed by which the expenses of this war are
to be paid as anybody else. I'would be very
glad if somebody could devise a method by which
the guilty instigators of this war should be made
to pay for it; but I have no faith in this project,
and I think there are many gentlemen upon this
floor who are in favor of a confiscation bill, who
have openly expressed their belief that they did
not think a dollar would ever find its way into the
Treasury which had been realized from a measure
of this kind. 1 am very certain of it formy own
part. And then the task that would be imposed
upon the court would be equivalent to letters of
administration upon the estates of these people
who are within the purview of the act. Section
seven provides:
" That in all eases arising under this act where the pro-
coeds of pi operty sold shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States,a distinct account shall be kept thereof, and
any loyal creditor of the former owner of such property
may within ninety days,-and not thereafter"—
And upon that I believe there is an amendment
now pending to make it one year—
££ except as herein provided, exhibit his claims to the Sec-
retary of tile Treasury, who, upon proof of the loyalty of
the claimant and the justice of the claim, shall have power
to allow and pay the &ame outof such proceeds: Provided"—
This is a most important proviso—
" That if the several claims exhibited and ascertained shal I
exceed the amount so deposited in the Treasury, they shall
be ratably paid."
Or, in other words, more is not to be paid than is
received and in the fund. If anything were to be
realized, this might be a very serious objection to
this bill. I suppose it is the first time in the his-
tory of the world that one belligerent sought to
confiscate theproperty of anotheras a belligerent,
and undertook to pay the liens, incumbrances, and
charges upon it, or undertook to pay the debts of
the belligerent. Think of it! The sovereign con-
fiscating the property of a belligerent, provides
that out of the funds and out of the proceeds of
that property he will pay the debts of that bellig-
erent! Why, Mr. President, it is an accumula-
tion of absuidities, and this lust clause, perhaps,
was only needed to finish the pile.
Mr. President, I am in favor, therefore, of
amending this bill as proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire, although I am very free to say
that the bill proposed to be substituted is, in my
opinion, liable to a great many and serious objec-
tions; butithas one redeemingfeatureaboutit, that
it professes to base itself upon the municipal power
of this Government, its right to pass municipal
laws and regulations; and it preserves, as far as
possible, the rights of the citizen in the application
of those laws, which I hold to be of paramount
importance. I hope it will be substituted.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, too tardily the
house of a rebel general in Virginia has been taken
by the Government and set apart as a military hos-
pital for the reception of our soldiers, wounded
and maimed in battle. At least three churches
here in Washington have been seized and occu-
pied for the same purpose. All applaud these acts,
which make the house more historic and the
churches more sacred than ever before. But pray,
sir, under what authority is this done-? Not ac-
cording to any contract or agreement; not accord-
ing to any due process of law; not even according
to any statute. And yet the language of the Con-
stitution is positive: "no soldier shall, in time of
peace, be quartered in any house without the consent
of the owner; nor in time of war but in a manner
to be prescribed by law." If it be time of peace
now, then is the Constitution violated by quarter-
ing soldiers in these houses without the consent of
the owner. If it be time of war now, then is the
Constitution violated by quartering these soldiers
in a manner not prescribed by law—if, indeed, the
provisions of the Constitution are not entirely in-
applicable to what is done under the military re-
quirements of self-defense, which is a supreme law
above all other laws or constitutions devised by
men. But if the Constitution, in a case where it
is singularly explicit, can be disregarded without
question in the exercise of the rights of war, it'is
vain to invoke its provisions in other cases, where
it is less explicit, in restraint of the rights of war.
It is true that the Constitution ambiguously pro-
vides against certain forfeitures as an incident to
an " attainder" of treason; it also positively pro-
hibits " ex post facto laws," and it nobly declares
that " no person shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or property, without due process of law." But
there is nothing in the House bills for the con-
fiscation of property or the liberation of slaves
which is obnoxious to either of these provisions.
There is no attainder of treason, no ex post facto
law, and no taking of property without due pro-
cess of law; for the judicial proceedings which
these bills institute are competent for the purpose.
The House bills are not criminal statutes, nor do
they institute criminal proceedings. Therefore
do I say unhesitatingly that these bills are above
constitutional objection. It is not too much to
say, sir, that they are as constitutional as the Con-
stitution itself. It was once said of a subtile spirit
of criticism that it would find a heresy in the Lord's
prayer; and such a spirit, permit me to say, is
needed to find anything unconstitutional in these
bills.
Of course, in assuming the complete constitu-
tionality of these bills, which already have the
sanction of the House of Representatives, I as-
sume as a cardinal principle of constitutional law
that, whatever may be the condition of slaves in
the States and under State laws, they are, under
the Constitution of the United States, persons, and
not property; so that, in declaring their emanci-
pation, Congress is not constrained by any of the
constitutional requirements with regard to prop-
erty. Whatever may be the claims of property,
slaves are men, and I but repeat an unquestionable
truth of morals, confirmed by our Declination of
Independence, when I say that there ca&be no
property in men. Mr. Winter Davis, of Balti-
more, has reminded the country that Congress, on
the motion of Mr. Clay, has already undertaken
to declare the freedom of slaves without any " due
process of law," and the present Congress, by a
bill of the last session, setting free slaves actually
employed in the rebellion, has done the same thing,
so that the principle is completely established.
But even if the bills seemed obnoxious to cer-
tain constitutional provisions—as they clearly are
not—this objection and every other objection will
be found to disappear when it is understood that
they are war measures, derived from the capacious
war powers of Congress, applicable only to pub I ic
enemies, and limited in duration to the war. Con-
sidered in these aspects, and with these qualifica-
tions, these bills are only an agency in the prose-
cution of the war, and the power to enact them is
as clear as the power to raise armies or to levy
taxes. An ancient historian, in words adopted by
the greatest modern publicist, has told us that
" war has its laws, no less than peace." (Grotius,
Prolegom., quoting Livy.) These words are
placed by Grotius at the head of his great work,
and they embody a fundamental principle. The
rights of war are not less peculiar than the victo-
ries of war, which are so widely different from the
victories of peace.
Pray, sir, where in the Constitution is the lim-
itation of the war powers of Congress? Let Sen-
ators who would limit them mention a single sec-
tion, line, or phrase, which even hints at any
limitation. If it be constitutional to make war,
to set armies in the field, to launch navies, to oc-
cupy fields and houses, to bombard cities, to kill
in battle—all without trial by jury or any process
of law or judicial proceedings of any kind—it is
equally constitutional, as a war measure, to confis-
cate the property of the enemy and to liberate his
slaves. Nor can it be doubted on px'inciple that
if the latter be unconstitutional, then are all the
other agencies of war unconstitutional. You may
condemn confiscation and liberation as impoli-
tic, but you cannot condemn them as unconstitu-
tional unless, in the same breath., you condemn
all other agencies of war, and resolve our present
proceedings into the process of a criminal court,
guarded at each step by the technicalities of juris-
prudence.
Sir, I speak frankly, according to my convic-
tions, claiming nothing for myself which I do not
freely accord to others. In this discussion there
is no need of sharp words or of personal allusions
of any kind; nor can anything be gained by any
misstatement of the position of another. It is
easy to say that Senators who insist upon the
war powers of Congress are indifferent to the
Constitution; but I do not admit that any Senator
is more anxious for the Constitution than myself.
The war powers of Congress are derived from the
Constitution, but when once set in motion, are
without any restraint from the Constitution, so
that what is done in pursuance of them is at the
same time under the Constitution and outside the
Constitution. It is under the Constitution in its
beginning and origin. It is outside the Constitu-
tion in the latitude with which it may be con-
ducted. But, whether under the Constitution or
outside the Constitution, all that is done in pur-
suance of the war powers isconstitutional., It is
easy to cry out against it; it is easy, by misap-
plication of the Constitution, to call it in question;
but it is only by such a misapplication, or by a
senseless cry, that its complete constitutionality
can for a moment be drawn into doubt.
The language of the Constitution is plain and
ample. It confers upon Congress all the specific
powers incident to war, and then further author-
izes it" to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers." Here are the precise words:
" The Congress shall have power to declare war, to grant
letters ofmaique and reprisal, to make rules concerning cap-
turfs on land and water, to raise and suppoit armies"——
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator a single question, if I am not
intenupting him, in regard to the clause of the
Constitution he has just quoted.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not got through with
the quotation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I refer to the clause in
regard to captures. It is distinct, by itself. Does
the Senator think that, under the war power, any
capture can be made of property without actu-
ally taking it? Can the title to the property be
affected until you do take it; make a capture of
it? In order to exercise the war power of cap-
ture, must you not take it?
Mr. SUMNER. Itseemsto me that is implied
in the very word "capture." " Capture" implies
taking 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, if capture 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me to
finish the clause I was reading?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to get from
the true point, because in discussing this question
before with the honorable Senator from Illinois,
the Senator stated distinctly that under the bill,
as he understood it, there could be no capture of
property without the taking of it, no passing of
the title without its being actually seized. I only
desire to know whether I so understood the Sen-
ator.
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator from Wis-
consin interrupted me, I was reading the clause
of the Constitution conferiing the war powers of
Congress.
'■'The Congress shall have power to declare war; to grant
letters of marque and repit«al; to make filler concerning
captures on land and water; to raise and support armies;
to provide and maintain a navy; to make rules tor tlie gov-
ernment and regulation of tfie land and naval force«; to
ptovide for ca!hncr forth the militia to execute the laws of
the Union,suppress insurrections,and rep<d invasions; and
to make all laws which shall be necessary ami -prayer/<jt car-
rying into cxccation the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by ihis Constitution tn the Government of the
United States, or m any department or officer thereof
Can language be clearer? There may be other
parts of the Constitution open to question; but
there is no room for question here The text is
full and unequivocal. The powers are enumer-
ated. Without stopping to consider them in de-
tail, it will be seen that the most important are ex-
clusively incident to a state of war, and not to a
state of peace. A declaration of war is of course
war, and " all laws necessary and proper for car-
rying into execution" this declaration are called
into being by the war. Rules concerning captures,
on land and water, are, from necessity, dormant
