1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2008
precinct adjacent to them nor luiywhere else; but
it is not sustained by any law. If the doctrine is
established, why will it not deprive men who live
upon school reserves, saline reserves, and min-
eral reserves from voting as much as it will those
who live upon Indian reserves? Thus the miners
upon the reserved mineral lands of Colorado or
California would be disfranchised. In Colorado,
however, they would be doubly disfranchised,
because many citizens there live upon mineral re-
serves and upon lands which belong to the Indi-
ans at the same time. The honorable gentleman
from Colorado [Mr. Bennet] informs me that a
large portion of the constituency which he repre-
sents live upon Indian lands. Will you disfran-
chise that people? Will you disfranchise any
American citizen for such a reason?
Pending the contest the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory has passed an act making it lawful for tem-
porary residents upon Indian reserves to vote at
the nearest voting precinct adjacent to the agency
which shows that they are viewed as residents
of the Territory, and considered subject to legisla-
tion, as well as other citizens. I claim, then, that
the provisions of the organic law quoted by the
committee, refer only to the rights of persons and
property, and not to any political rights, and I
further claim that it has not been proved by Mr.
Whaley that I received a single illegal vote in the
Monroe precinct, in Platte county, and that there-
fore no vote should be deducted from my poll at
that place.
Buffalo county, where I received 39 votes, is
next assaulted upon the ground that the county
was not legally organized at the time of the hold-
ing of the election October 9,1860. The only evi-
dence adduced to prove this allegation is that of
Governor Black, given in the contest between
Daily and Estabrook, which, by agreement, is
admitted as evidence in this matter. It can go
for what it is worth. It has no relevancy to this
case, and proves nothing in this case.
I, however, prove the organization of Buffalo
county by a certified copy of the county records
relating to the steps taken by the county com-
missioners previous to the election in question.
Those records are as follows, and may be found
on page 18 of the evidence, paper marked H:
Copy of Records.
August 20, 1860.—J. II. Wagner was duly appointed
county commissioner of Buffalo county, to fill vacancy; on
the same day was duly qualified and bonds approved.
•August 28. 1860.—Ordered thai notices be posted in three
different public places in Buffalo county for an election to
be hold on the 9th day of October, I860, for the election of
one Delegate to Congress, one icpresontalive for the Hall
county dis-tnct, one piobate judge, one sheriff, two justices
of the peace, two constables, thiee county commissioners,
one clerk, one recorder, one superintendent of public
schools, one surveyor, and one supervisor of roads.
J. P. MANN",
JOSEPH HUFF,
J. II. WAGNER,
County Commissioners.
Also ordered that notices be served on Thomas Page, P.
H. Gunn,and Charles Carter, of their appointment as judges
of flection.
November 5, I860.—Certificate of election given to J. E.
Johnson as representative for the Hall county district.
I ccrtify the above to be a true copy of the lecords of
this county*, as far as 1 elates to the election of representa-
tive to the Ilall county distiict, in the Territory of Ne-
braska.
Witness my hand and private seal (there being no public
seal piovided) this 22d day ot November. A. JD."I860.
EDWARDS HUFF, [i,. s.]
County Clerk of Buffalo county, Nebraska Territory-
Per J. II. WAGNER,
Deputy C'/o/c.
The above is the best evidence to prove the or-
ganization of Buffalo county that can be produced,
and none better can reasonably be asked. I there-
fore claim that the vote returned ftom that county
is legal, and should be counted for me as returned,
unless rejected upon some other evidence than
that given in the case of Daily and Estabrook.
An attempt was made to throw out the entire
vote cast upon the so-called half-breed tract as
illegal. The committee did not assent to the po-
sitions taken by Mr. Daily relative to this vote;
and I was astonished that Mr. Daily should have
made such an attempt to disfranchise the entire
people of one of the most thickly settled districts
of country in the Territory. A distiict the citi-
izens of which are represented in the Legislative
Assembly, hold county offices, sit upon juries,
pay taxes, arc governed by and amenable to the
laws of the Territory, and before whom, by spe-
cial appointment with myself, Mr. Daily made a
most eloquent speech and a very thrilling appeal
for votes. He certainly would not have solicited
the suffrages of men whom he considered as hav-
ing no legal right to vote, and I am almost certain
that he never would have doubted their qualifica-
tions as electors, except from the fact that they
forgot to exercise them in a manner favorable and
satisfactory to him as a candidate for Congress
by giving a large majority for Mr. Morton.
Rulo precinct returned over 90 majority forme.
From this the committee have seen fit to deduct
20 votes upon the testimony of a Mr. Dundy,
which is to the effect that twenty-five non-resi-
dents of the precinct and five half breeds voted
there.
Dundy is one of the ablest journeyman wit-
nesses in the world, and his style as a practical
and pointed evidence-giver is admirable. In this
case he came upon the stand with note-book in
hand, and swore from completely prepared notes.
I was present, and listened with much interest to
the fluency and perspicuity with which he testified
as to the number, names, and places of residence
of the persons who had voted at Rulo precinct
illegally,as he alleged. They did not reside in the
precinct, he avers, and therefore could not legally
vote there. But I have shown by three witnesses
—Messrs. Porter, Fleming, and Acton, two of
them members of the Legislature—that it was the
common custom in the county of Richardson, as
well as in other counties of the Territory, for the
citizens to vote in that precinct where they might
happen to be upon the day of election. Never-
theless, the committee have deemed it their duty
upon Mr. Dundy's testimony upon this point, and
uf>on the law, to deduct 20 votes from those I re-
ceived at Rulo. I doubt not the committee apply
the law thus, and make this deduction from a sense
of duty. But 1 think it unjust to me, unless the
law and the rule thus applied, so as to increase
Mr. Daily's vote, is sometimes applied so as to
diminish it. The committee, I perceive, have
omitted to notice the fact that this law-expound-
ing and law-loving Mr. Dundy himself voted out
of the piecinct in which he lived a*t the election in
question, and twenty-two miles away from it, in
the Franklin precinct. Hon. H. B. Porter swears
to this fact in answer to question No. 5, upon page
77 of the evidence, and in answer to the second
question, upon page 78, in his cross-examination.
But the committee seem to have overlooked the
fact that Dundy voted for Daily, and voted out of
his own precinct, and also to have failed to notice
the fact that Mr. Daily, in his notice of contest,
omitted to specify that he would contest any or
all votes given for mc by persons voting outside
of the precincts in which they might happen to
reside, and that, therefore, he had no right to take
evidence to substantiate that point.
And, furthermore, the statute regulating the
voting in the different precincts is not mandatory
as to the residence in the precinct, but simply di-
rectory. I therefore claim that not a single fraud-
ulent vote is proven to have been cast for me at
Rulo, and that the entire vote shall stand for me
as returned.
The committee admit that 9 illegal votes were
polled also for Mr. Dailyat this precinct—atleast
they must admit it upon the same hypothesis that
they claim that 20 such were given for me. But
in their summary and deductions of illegal votes,
I perceive that while they are painfully careful to
deduct 20 votes from the number returned for me
from this precinct, they are felicitously forgetful
of the 9 votes which they themselves admit should
be deducted from those returned from there for
Mr. Daily. I presume this is an unintentional mis-
take. Justicc is always represented as the blind
goddess, and 1 am not, therefore, surprised that
she should fail to accurately add up or subtract
figures, or exccl in common arithmetic.
I have now reviewed all the points made by the
committee against any and all votes which they
propose to deduct from the votes returned and
counted for me by the board of canvassers, and
will pass to those"votes which I contend should
be deducted from the numbei of votes counted for
Mr. Daily.
Falls City precinct returned 104 votes for Mr.
Daily. The evidence taken upon this vote proves
(see page G of the views of the minority) that
there were the most glaring frauds perpetrated at
that precinct to the advantage of Mr. Daily. It
is proved that the ballot-box, unsealed, was for
hours in the hands of Mr. Schuyler, out of the
possession or sight of the election board, and this,
too, in violation of the express provisions of the
law. It is proved that ballots were not counted
for me when my name was written upon them
and Mr. Daily's was erased. It is proved, too,
that handsfull of ballots were taken out of the box
by a political friend and supporter of Mr. Daily's,
and others put in their place by the same person,
Dorrington, a judge of the election at that precinct.
This is also proved by a judge of the election,
who refused to sign then, and has never since
signed the poll-books, because of the frauds per-
petrated. Rascality and ballot-box stuffing at
Falls City is proved, too, by the record evidence
of the journal of the Legislature at its seventh
session. This journal, on page 81, records the
testyiiony of a second judge of the same election,
who swears to the same state of facts at that pre-
cinct, and corroborates the testimony of the first
judge us to the changing of ballots by Dorring-
ton. Thus two judges out of the three swear to
all the frauds in the canvass and return of the
votes from the precinct of Falls City, which I
charge in my answer to Mr. Daily's notice of
contest.
Both of these judges swear to the same frauds
having been perpetrated at that election upon par-
ties running for the Legislative Assembly, and in
"a contested-election case, when this same E. S.
Dundy was a party to the contest, and no attempt
was then made, either by Dundy or any one else,
to impeach either of the judges of the election who
exposed those frauds. I claim that neither of
them have been impeached in this instance, though
the committee report favorably to retaining for
Mr. Daily the entire 104 votes returned for him
from Falls City, and do so upon the ground that
Buchanan has been successfully impeached by
twenty-one witnesses. How is this? Dundy was
impeached by seven witnesses who lived within
a circuit of ten miles of his residence. They all
swear that his reputation for veracity is very bad,
and five of them swear they would not believe him
under oath. The men who thus impeach Dundy,
and so invalidate any testimony he may have
given abouteither-Rulo precinctor anything else,
are all of them respectable and responsible citi-
zens. This evidence-to impeach Dundy was taken
in pursuance of notice duly served and witliin the
sixty days specified by law. The ease was then
legally closed to the exclusion of taking any fur-
ther testimony exccpt by authority of a special
resolution of this House, which might have been
passed by it, granting time in which to take test-
imony.
But the witness, Dundy, was not satisfied with
the record of his impeachment, and isaccordingly
transmuted from witness to attorney for S. G.
Daily, and prepares and pretends to serve a no-
tice upon me, signed by S. G. Daily, in his own
hand, upon May 15, 1861, and under that notice
appears in Falls City, May 28, 1861, and as at-
torney for S. G. Daily proceeds to take testimony
for S. G. Daily, contestant. Notwithstanding
this is clearly an unwarrantable proceeding, even
if Mr. Daily had still been ill good faith a con-
testant, all the testimony taken at this time, clearly
ex parte as it is, has been printed among the evi-
dence and papers in this case, and largely quoted
from by the majority of the committee to impeach
my witness and to sustain Mr. Dundy, and retain
Mr. Daily in the seat. In fact, such testimony,
taken at such a time, in such utter violation of
law, by Mr. Daily, as contestant, a month sub-
sequent to the pretended issuance and date of his
pseudo certificate, is the only evidence which, by
any possible construction, will retain Mr. Daily
in that seat which he now. holds by that certifi-
cate already described, though not properly char-
acterized.
That testimony is taken by attorney Dundy
to prop the character of witness Dundy and to
punish Morton by impeaching a witness for him
in retaliation. On the 28th of May, the deposi-
tions are taken for contestant Daily, to be used
by Hon. S. G. Daily, sitting member, under g.
certificate dated April 29, 1861. In Falls City,
attorney Dundy gathers around him twenty-one
ofhis disciples, and opens his inquisition into the
character of witness Dundy, thus: First question.
" Do you know E. S. Dundy?" Witness knows
lum. Second question, " What is his reputation
for truth and veracity where he resides?" Witness
