2964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
till groused by war; but when aroused they are,
the other war powers,without any check from
constitutional provisions, which, justso long
as peace prevails, are the boast of the citizen.
The bills now under consideration are obvi-
ously founded on the war powers. The first sec-
tion of the first bill begins as follows:
That all the estate and property, money, stocks, credits,
and effects of the persons hereafter named in this section,
are hereby forfeited to the Government of the United States,
and arc declared lawful subjects of seizure and o f prize and
capture wherever found> for the indemnity of the United
$lptc$ against the expenses of suppressing the present re-
bellion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, I wish to direct the
Senator's attention to the point, whether he un-
derstands that any title passes until there is a seiz-
ure. I come right to the point.
Mr. SUMNER. I came to the point when I
reminded the Senator of the clause of the Consti-
tution out of which the bill is derived, declaring
that Congress may make rules concerning cap-
tures. What is a capture? A talcing. That is
my answer. I gave it before.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I understand the Sen-
ator correctly, I am perfectly satisfied with J)is
answer, that there must be a seizure before the title
can be divested.
Mr.SUMNER. Whohaseverquestionedthat?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 simply desired to know
whether that was your understanding, that there
must be a seizure of this property before the title
can be divested.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the present bill there
can be no title which is not founded on the terms
of the bill, and the bill starts with declaring that
certain property shall be the subject of seizure,
prize, and capture wherever found, and capture
means taking.
The Senator must be very hardy who denies the
power of Congress, in the exercise of belligerent
rights, to pass such a bill; and he must be equally
hardy when he insists that belligerent rights are
impaired by any limitations of the Constitution.
If the enemies against whom we. are now waging
war were,not our own fellow-citizens—if they
were aliens unhappily established for the time on
our territory—theie would be no fine-spun ques-
tion of constitutional immunities. Such immu-
nities are essentially municipal in their character;
but a public enemy can claim nothing merely
municipal. The immunities which he enjoys are
such only as are conceded by the rights of war;
nor more, nor less. As a public enemy, he seeks
to subvert our Government, its laws, and its Con-
ititution; and in this warfare he proceeds accord-
ing to the rights of war, indifferent to any more
local law. But if the war on our part were in ac-
cordance with our mere local law, and in subor-
dination to those provisions of the Constitution
which were devised for peace, it is evident that
our Government would be unable to cope with its
enemy. It would enter into battle with its hands
tied behind its back. Of course, in warfare with
people of another country, Senators would not
require any such self-sacrifice.
But the rights of war arc fixed, whether against
alien enemies or against enemies whose hostility
is aggravated by the guilt of rebellion; with this
single difference, that against rebel enemies these
rights would seem to lie more complete and un-
sparing. Show me any right of war which may
be employed against alien enemies, and I now, in
the name of the Constitution, insist upon its em-
ployment against rebels arrayed as enemies. Be-
cause enemies are also rebels, they are not on this
account any the less enemies. Because rebels aie
also enemies, thev are not on this account any the
less rebels. The double character which they bear
increases their liabilities, subjecting them to all
the penalties of war enhanced by those personal
responsibilities which every partaker in rebellion
necessarily assumes.
And yet, sir, the Constitution is cited as a lim-
itation upon these rights. As well cite the Con-
stitution on the field of battle to check the bay-
onet charge of our armies, or at the bombardment
of a fortress to restrain the fiery rain of shells.
Or, to adopt the examples with which I began, as
well cite the Constitution to prevent the occupa-
tion of churches here in Washington as hospitals
for our soldiers, or to save the house of General
Lee in Virginia from a similar dedication. The
Constitution is entirely inapplicable. Sacred and
fnyioiable, the Constitution is made for friends who
acknowledge it, and not for enemies who disavow
it; and it is made for a state of a peace, and not
for the fearful exigencies of war. War, as it comes,
treads down within its sphere all rights except the
rights of war. Born of violence, and looking to
violence for victory, it discards all limitations, ex-
cept such as are supplied by the rights of war.
Once begun, war is a law unto itself; or, in other
words, it has a law of its own, which is a part of
itself. And just in proportion as you seek to
moderate it by constitutional limitations, do you
take from war something of its efficiency. In
vain do you equip our soldiers with the best of
weapons or send into the field the most power-
ful batteries, the latest invention of consummate
science, if you direct them all in full career to stand
still for an indictment or other due process of law,
or at least for the reading-of the riot act. But, sir, if
you undertake to limit the rights of war by the
Cofifetitution, where are you to stop? If the Con-
stitution can interfere with one, it can interfere
with all. Ifthe Constitution can wrest from Gov-
ernment the weapons of confiscation and libera-
tion, there is no oilier weapon in the whole arsenal
of war which it may not take also.
Sir, the Constitution is guilty of no sucli ab-
surdity. It was made by wise men, familiar with
public law, who saw clearly the difference be-
tween peace and war, and who established powers
accordingly. In circumscribing the peace powers
with constitutional checks, they left untouched the
war powers. They declared that, in the adminis-
tration of the peace powers, all should be able to in-
voke the Constitution as a constant safeguard. But,
in bestowing upon the Government war powers
withoutlirnitation, they embodied in the Constitu-
tion all the rights of war as completely as if those
rights had all been expressly set down and enu-
merated; and amon  the first of these rights is the
right to disregard all the rights of peace. Sir, an
alien enemy is not even admitted to sue in your
courts.
There is a saying of antiquity, already quoted
in tins debate, inter itrmct silent leges—in the midst
of arms the laws are silent. Handed down from
distant ages, and repeated by successive genera-
tions, thissayingmay be accepted as the embodied
result and very essence of human experience,
llad itenot been true it would have been forgotten,
or at least it would have ceased to be repeated.
But it declares a truth to which every war practi-
cally testifies, while it is founded in reason and
the nature of things, c.oniirmcd by centuries as at-
testing witnesses. But the Constitution itself is
only a higher law, nor can it claim to speak in
time of war, and within the sphere of war, more
than any other law.
lllow vain, then, to adduce against confiscation
and liberation, us war measures, an objection de-
rived from the Constitution, and how vain also to
offer a penal statute, under the peace powers of
the Constitution, as a war measure. War is war.
Better arrest it at once, if it is to be war on the
one side and peace on the other; if our enemies are
to employ against us all the rights of war, while
we can employ against them only the rights of
peace. Penal statutes are good for peace, when
laws prevail; but in the midst of war and against
enemies, when laws are proverbially silent, they
are of no avail. What enemy now arrayed in arms
can be indicted; or, if indicted, convicted under the
most stringent of penal statutes ? Not Jefferson
Davis himself. Wliy then painfully construct this
legislative verbiage? Why these new penalties for
treason, which, from the nature of the case, can-
not be enforced m this hour of our need ? Why
not sec things as they are, and do what the mo-
ment requires? The war powers of Congress are
ample; but in time of war a mere penal statute
against a public enemy is not so much as a pop-
gun.
But there are Senators who claim these vast war
powers for the Piesident, and deny them to Con-
gress, The President, it is said, as Commander-
in-Chief, may seize, confiscate, and liberate under
the rights of war; but Congress cannot direct these
things to be done. Pray, sir, where is the limita-
tion upon Congress ? Read the text of the Consti-
tution,and you will find its powers vast as all the
requirements of war. There is nothing which may
be done anywhere under the rights of war, which
may not be done by Congress. I do not mean to
question the powers of the President in his sphere,
or of any military commander within his depart-
ment. But I claim for Congress all that belongs
to any Government in the exercise of the rights
of war. And when I speak of Congress, let it be
understood that I mean an act of Congress, passed
according to the requirements of the Constitution
by both Houses and approved by the President.
It seejns strange to claim for the President alone,
in the exercise of his single will, war powers
which are denied to the President in association
with Congress. Surely, if he can wield these pow-
ers alone, he can wield them in association with
Congress; nor will their efficacy be impaired when
it is known that they proceed from this associate
will, rather than from his single will alone. The
Government of the United States appears most
completely in an act of Congress. Therefore war
is declared, armies are raised, rules concerning
captures are made, and all articles of war regu-
lating the conduct of war are established byactof
Congress. It is by act of Congress that the war
powers are all put in motion. When once in mo-
tion, the President must execute them. But he is
only the instrument of Congress, under the Con-
stitution of the United States.
It is true the President is Commander-in-Chief;
but it is for Congress to make all laws necessary
and proper for carrying in to execution his powers;
so that, according to the very words of the Const-
itution, his poweis depend upon Congress, which
may limit or enlarge them at its own pleasure.
Thus, whether you regard Congress or regard the
President, you will find that Congress is the arbiter
and regulator of the war powers.
Of the pretension that all these enormous pow-
ers belong to the President and not to Congress,
I try to speak calmly and within bounds. 1 mean
always to be parliamentary. But a pretension so
irrational and unconstitutional, so absurd and ty-
rannical, is not entitled to respect. The Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in indignant words wor-
thy of the Senate, has branded it as slavish, and
handed it over to judgment. Born in ignorance,
and pernicious in consequences, it ought to be re-
ceived with hissings of contempt, and just in pro-
portion as it obtains acceptance, with execration.
Such a pretension would change our Government
from a Government of law to the Government of
a military dictator. It would degrade our proud
constitutional Republic, where each department
has its appointed place to one of those short-lived
vulgar despotisms which have appeared occasion-
ally as a warning to mankind. That this preten-
sion should be put forward in the name of the
Constitution is only another illustration of the
effrontery with which the Constitution is made
responsible for the ignorance, the conceit, and the
passions of men. Sir, in the name of the Constitu-
tion, which 1 have sworn to support, and which,
according to my ability, I mean to maintain, -I
protestagainst this new-fangled effort to foist into
it a pretension abhorrent to liberty, reason, and
common sense.
At the risk of repetition, but for the sake of
clearness, let me now repeat the propositions on
which I confidently rest.
1. The rights of sovereignty are derived from
the Constitution, and can be exercised only in
conformity with the requirements of the Consti-
tution: so that all penal statutes, punishing trea-
son, must carefully comply with these lequire-
ments. This is the case of the bill introduced by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
2. The rights of war are under the Constitu-
tion in their origin, but outside the Constitution
in their execution. In other words, the Constitu-
tion confers the rights of war, but sets no limits
to them, so that statutes to enforce them are not
to be regarded as meie penal statutes, restricted
by .the Constitution. But these rights belong to
a state of war, and necessarily cease with the war.
This is the case of the House bills now under
discussion.
3. Rebels in arms are public enemies, who can
claim no safeguard from the Constitution, and
they may be pursued and conquered according to
the rights of war.
4. All rebels are criminals, liable to punishment
according to penal statutes, and in all proceedings
against them as such, they are surrounded by the
safeguards of the Constitution.
5. The rights of war may be enforced by act of
Congress,which is the highest form of the national
will.
If these conclusions needed the support of au-
