2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
answers attorney Dundy that the reputation of
witnessDundy for truth and veracity is mostexcel-
lent. And thus sixteen pages of printed matter are
made up, indorsing Dundy and in endeavoring to
impeacn my witness. Shall such testimony decide
a contest in the House of Representatives? Shall
my competitor be allowed the extraordinary priv-
ilege of introducing ex parte statements as con-
testant,and at thesame timetoenjoy alltherights
of a member? And all this upon the testimony of
Dundy as witness, and as furnished by Dundy as
attorney?
The cabinet of Jeff Davis could, I have no
doubt, impeach the loyalty of this Congress, Cab-
inet, and President, and substantiate their own
before any tribunal in Richmond; the inmates of
a penitentiary establish among themselves their
purity, and tne wickedness of the outer world s<the
little imps in Tartarus would attest the virtue of
Satan, impeach the court of heaven that banished
him, and Dundy in Falls City could sustain him-
self and impeach, if deemed profitable or neces-
sary, the gospel of St. Paul.
This Dundy is between thirty and thirty-five
years of age, comparatively a young man, yet
notorious in the community, afraid, aa he admits
in his own evidence, to visit a town in his own
county, because an outraged community have
threatened his life; eminent for having sworn
falsely before a committee of investigation of the
Legislative Assembly, and impeached in this case.
He is one of those smooth, slippery beings that
glide into corruption and rascality as snakes into
slimy matter; his head is so full of base schemes
that hair already refuses to hide its deformities;
his very walk a sort of dodge—the sheriff quick-
step; his voice villainously vicious; his mean eye
cast down; all his features cadaverous and miser-
able; his face is indorsed " without recourse"hy
the hand of God himself. Had I a full-length
photograph of this man to exhibit, his testimony
would be impeached by its contemplation.
The testimony taken upon the 28thofMuy,six
months after the legal time of taking testimony
hsul expired, should not be admitted as evidence
in this case, unless all the ex parte testimony upon
each side ia admitted. That rule of evidence which
will admit ex parte testimony for Mr. Daily, and
exclude evidence which is equally as legal as his
when it appears favorable to my interest, is, to say
the least, in my opinion, an unjust rule.
I claim, then, that the evidence found upon page
81 of the Council journal, given by Armstrong,
jud^e of the election, corroborates or is corrobor-
ated by that of Buchanan, that neither of these
men have been impuached, and that, therefore,
upon their testimony, the whole 104 votes returned
from Palls City for Mr. Daily should be thrown
out. The testimony adduced to invalidate that
vote is better than that to invalidate the vote of
L'eau-qui-eourt—if the latter is thrown out the
formercertainly must be. The fate of one of these
returns should determine the other—if both go out
I am elected,and it"both are counted lam elected.
Leaving this vote, Pawnee county is next ex-
amined by the committee. My allegation was that
this county had never been legally organized,and
therefore the return from there should not have
been counted. This was the general charge, and it
is fully proven by the certified copies of the county
records attested by the county clerk. But the com-
mittee aver that 1 should have looked among the
records of the county next east of Pawnee, to
have found the " preliminary papers, where, for
aught that appears to the contrary, they may be
found,"and I might have looked also in'Flantlers
to find the history or records of the so-called or-
ganization of Pawnee county, whore, for aught
that appears to the contrary, they may be found.
But 1 looked among the meager archives of this
county itself. And so plainly lias the illegality of
the organization been shown, that the Legislative
Assembly has, during the past winter, attempted
to rectify it by legislative enactment; and, as the
committee state, " Mr. Morton produced a certi-
fied copy of an act of the Nebraska Legislative
Assembly passed pending this contest,"entitled
* An act legalizing the first organization of Paw-
nee county.5" The committee think that if there
had ever been in such organization any irregular-
ities, they had been quite as effectually legalized
by previous legislation as by this act, 1 am aston-
ished that the committee should now so broadly
intimate that the honorable the Legislative Assem-
bly of Nebraska did not contain enough sense to
discern whether irregularity in organizing one of
its own counties existed or not, or that, if they
did exist, the aforesaid honorable body did not
know enough to perceive that they had been quite
as effectually legalized by previous legislation as
they could be by this act. Is this in the same doc-
ument which, with such evidentlrindliness, devel-
ops the unmistdkability of Mr. Whaley's testi-
mony, and enhances its value by stating the fact
that he had been a member of the Legislature?
Buffalo county, which gave 39 votes for me, is
thrown out for non-organization, upon testimony
given in another matter two years ago, although I
furnished a copy of the county records themsel ves
to refute that evidence. But Pawnee county, which
gave Mr. Daily 100 majority, must he retained
and counted, though I prove by the county rec-
ords, and by subsequent legislative enactment,
that it was not legally organized. 1 think such
a proceeding may be inoffensively termed unjust.
Precinct No. 4, in Pawnee county, should be
thrown out, even if the entire county is not, be-
cause the judges did not qualify by swearing- to
and subscribing their oaths of office and returning
them on the poll-book to the county clerk, as the
law requires tney shall. At this precinct Mr. Daily
received a majority of 6. It should be thrown out.
In reference to this precinct, the committee are
evidently at a los§, and say that the only evidence
to support the allegation against it is that of New-
comb, (page 137.) The committee are mistaken.
Newcomb lives fifty miles away from Pawnee
county, never was in it, to my knowledge, is county
clerk of Otoe county, and was only examined in
reference to two precincts in Otoe county. The
review, therefore, of Newcomb's evidence upon
this point,(which it never was taken to establish,)
to the effect that it does not prove much, is very just,
and meets my most unqualified concurrence. The
evidence that proves the allegation against the le-
gality of the vote of precinct No. 4 is certified by
the county clerk of the county of Pawnee, and
will be found upQn pages 128 and 129 of the printed
evidence, and upon it the vote should be thrown
out.
Hall county, which returns 29votes for Daily,
is thrown out by the majority of the committee,
and that number deducted from his poll; the com-
mittee, however, take especial care to inform the
Mouse that even this is done not upon any evi-
dence furnished by Mr. Morton, but upon that
elicited by the cross-examination of a witness sub-
penaed by Mr. Daily.
The committee will pardon me for calling atten-
tion to tho fact that the jointaffidavitof Johnson,
Wagner, and Barnard, found upon page 113 of the
evidence, was made upon election day—as they
state, that it way forwarded to the Governor and
board of canvassers to prevent their counting the
Hall county vote; that it became a part of the
records of the canvassers, and was taken from the
files as rccord evidence; its identity is sworn to
by Governor Black, in answer to the second ques-
tion upon page 80 of the evidence, and it seems to
me to be a very respectable and well-authenticated
copy of a record, and as such of sufficient weight
to cancel the election lotuin from Hall county.
The committee state, however, that they deduct
this number—29—from the vote of Mr. Daily, be-
cause no legal notice of the election was given in
that county. If ihat is good reason for throwing
out the return of Hail county, it is equally appli-
cable to Gage and Clay counties. These counties,
as their respective cleiks ceilify, upon pages 120
and 121, were not even organized, and no judges
of election were appointed until after the legal
time for putting up notices of the election had ex-
piied. We will then adopt the rule in leferenceto
these counties, and apply it to them as the com-
mittee did to Hall. Gage county gave Daily a
majority of 10 votes and Clay gave him a majority
of 20 votes, total 30, to be deducted under the
decision of a majoiity of the committee.
The returns from the counties of Dodge, Cass,
Johnson, Lancaster, Nemaha, and Washington
should all bo thrown out,and their votes deducted
irom the count, because the county clerks returned
no abstract of the votes cast in each precinct, as
the law requiics they shall. Certified copies of :
theii returns may be found upon pages 114, ilf>,
116, and 117. Tho " views of the minonty'* ex-
press the conviction that all these returns should
be thrown out, and give the best and most cogent
reasons therefor. I would also call attention in
this connection to the recommendation of the ma-
jority that certain votes should be thrown out, be-
cause persons voted out of the precincts in which
they resided, and voted for me, and suggest that
in these counties whose returns are aggregated
all the citizens may have voted at one precinct,
two thirds of them out of the precinct in which
they lived, and some of them upon their own
farms; and, to quote the language the committee
used in a similar manner, " they may have done
so, for aught that appears to the contrary."
The committee report that though these coun-
ties did return aggregates instead of abstracts of
the votes cast, and that though I may have made a
true distinction in the matter, and the election law
may not have been complied with, still they deem it
theirduty tocounttheseaggregated returns. They
state further that, even if no returns had been made
at all, it would have been their duty to have as-
certained the vote cast by some other means. To
this latter proposition I cheerfully assent, and say
that, as Mr. Daily was duly notified by me in my
answer that I should contest the count of these
returns upon the ground alleged, it was his duty
to have obtained abstracts of the votes in each
precinct, certified by the clerks of the respective
counties. If the vote returned was ever cast, such
abstracts would have shown where they were cast.
The fact that he has failed to do this, indicates that
there were frauds perpetrated in those returns; in
fact, admits the returns to have been made in this
way for the very purpose of stifling a thorough
investigation of the vote of each precinct.
If the committee seek to enforce the election
law in one particular, why'should they not in
every particular? If that provision of the law,
pertaining to citizens voting only in the precincts
in which they may reside, which is simply direct-
ory, is applied and enforced so as to deprive me
of 20 votes in Rulo, equity would seem to demand
that the mandatory provision of law which abso-
lutely requires that abstracts of the votes given at
each precinct shall be returned to the Governor,
ought also to be rigidly enforced by the commit-
tee. An observance of this plain and wise require-
ment of the law would prevent the concealment
of fraud in the various precincts and oblige the
county clerks to make their returns to the Gov-
ernor in such a manner that the vote purporting
to have been cast in a county could at once be ex-
amined by precincts. An observance of this pro-
vision of law will deduct from Mr. Daily a ma-
jority of 294 votes. If the committee abide by one
portion of the law as well as another, this result
will certainly ensue.
I might protract the discussion of this case, by
showing the illegality of the elections held in the
precincts of Otoe and Wyoming, in the county of
Otoe, which precincts jointly returned a majority
of 70 for Mr. Daily. I mightdetail the illegal clos-
ing, early in the afternoon, of the polls at Syra-
cuse, in the same county, and review the evidence
which substantiates the allegations against the
returns from those precincts. I might speak at
some length in regard to the testimony of Tim-
othy Kelly, of Omaha, who swears to large sums
"of money being paid out to bribe the leaders of
theliish in that city, and that a dollar apiece for
each vote gotten for Mr. Daily was to be paid as
an additional bounty. I might, perhaps, with no
great impropriety, dwell upon the injustice I have
suffered from the issuance of this second certifi-
cate, and the hours of anxiety, trouble, and dis-
tress which it has caused me. But I forbear, and
will notintrude private griefs upon yourattention.
Now, at the close of the sixth month we ap-
proach the end of what has seemed an almost
endless contest; long since my personal conveni-
ence and welfare would have prompted meto aban-
don the matter and look to my own personal in-
terests; but I have remained here faithful in the
fight, hoping against hope, because those who
sent me expect no man to falter who has, received
their support.
The sitting member, yesterday, when I pro-
pounded to him the question whether Governor
Black or any other patty evergave me notice that
any such certificate was in existence, said:
" Xo, <!i ; except tluV: Governor Black requested me not
to. lie ? aid lie w hounded by this man Moiton. who had
a debt agiiin^j him upon winch lie would Mop his propylty
and prevcnthim from going away, ami he desued that noth-
ing should he haid about it until after he got away. So I
did not mention it."
