22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
ests of the entire country are quite as much in-
volved in a proper system of coast defenses on
the great Atlantic sea-board as m the defense of
the western lakes and rivers. The city which 1
have the honor in pait to represent, sir, which is
the terminus of the great arteries which connect
the mighty West with the markets of the world,
requires an extended system of permanent de-
fenses We require not only the completion of
those now in progress of erection, but we require
large additional fortifications to make our harbor
secure, and so with Boston, and the other Atlan-
tic sea-ports.
This subject, in my view, has been referred by
the original resolution before the committee pre-
cisely where it belongs, and I trust it will there
be left.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I feel
peculiar interest in this subject. Representing,
as I do, a district in which over thirteen hundred
miles of this lake and river coast which is spoken
of lie, and over one thousand miles of it fronting
a foreign nation, I desire to say that I especially
wish this matter referred to a select committee.
In regard to what has just fallen from the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. F. A. Cockling,] I
may say that the two forts which he has men-
tioned make very little show in comparison with
what has been done heretofore for the defense of
the harbor and port which he represents, and in-
asmuch as this subject has been specially called to
the attention of Congress now by the Chief Mag-
istrate of the nation, we think it should be referred
to a committee who feel special interest in that
portion of our country.
In regard to what lias been said by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Ste-
t ens,] that the entire business of the House will
be taken out of the hands of the standing com-
mittees, I ask if the military business which comes
to-day before the Committee on Militaiy Affairs
is not greater by ten-fold, aye by fifty-fold, than
it would have been under other circumstances.
The Committee on Military Affairs is overworked
with the ordinary military business, and I claim
that it is no more than fair and right that,as the
gentleman from Chicago [Mr. Arnold] has repre-
sented, at least a portion of the committee intrusted
with this subject—not the entire committee, but a
portion of it—should be particularly and person-
ally interested in these lake and harbor defenses.
I say, therefore, as a Representative of over thir-
teen hundred miles of this coast—over one thou-
sand miles of which lie in front of a very powerful
foreign nation—that I desire to have this subject
referred to a select committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I do not like
this sectional view of the question. The whole
country is entitled to the attention of Congress,
with regard to its defenses, as well as any partic-
ular portion of it.
Now, sir, under parliamentary usage, the ref-
erence of tiiis subject goes properly and legiti-
mately to the Committccon Military Affairs; and
I see no reason why the current of legislation
should be changed upon this subject. We have
interests in Pennsylvania, just as these gentlemen
have separate interests along the borders of these
western lakes. We have a great city upon the
eastern shore of Pennsylvania which may require
some attention. We have also a border upon
Lake Erie that may also require attention; and as
an individual member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, I am willing to embrace this whole
question without regard to any particular part of
the country. I hope that this subject may be re-
ferred where the usual regulations of the House
require it to be referred, and that is, to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALDRICH. Mr. Chairman, as a member ,
from the great Northwest, I desue to say a word |
in behalf of the motion of my friend from Illinois. f
I believe that it is honestly due to the great North-
west that his motion should be adopted by the
House. It is nothing but justice to us. I desire
to ask, through you, Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man representing the one-horse city of Troy, and
others from New York, what they know about
the great Northwest—about its lakes and rivers?
[Laughter.] They never have been out there.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,"] the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, was very anxious at the extra session
to be informed about the vast country north and
west of where I come from—the Red River of the
North. [Laughter.] When the House adjourned
at the extra session I was speaking here, and I
was cut right short off, with the understanding
that I should be permitted to go on at this session.
[Laughter ]
The CHAIRMAN. The member will confine
himself to the resolution.
Mr. ALDRICH. I intend to do so, but I want
to get round a little so as to come to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. We are in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
gentleman is not limited to the discussion of the
resolution.
Mr. ALDRICH. I do not propose to cross
the British line, Mr. Chairman; there is enough
to talk about this side, and it is absolutely neces-
sary that the gentleman from Pennsylvania should
be posted in regard to the country up there. I
am going to talk about the necessity and import-
ance of defending the lakes and rivers, and of
placing the matter in the hands of those who know
something about the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my friend whether the
Military Committee does notalready know some-
thing about his country, which he spoke of the
last time he was up? Whether they have not
already given him a fort on the Red River of the
North?
Mr. ALDRICH. We want it constructed. I
simply rose, Mr. Chairman, to second the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] and
to give the House the reason why I did not go on
with my speech on Monday. It was because the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
kicked up a row about the admission of gentlemen
to their seats and cut me out entirely. [Laughter.]
1 second the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and I hope it will be adopted without jesting
or jokery. It is due to the Northwest; and these
gentlemen who are opposing it, I am inclined to
think, arc not sufficiently posted in relation to the
matter. *
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to one or two points in this
case, i n supporting the proposition of my colleague
from the Chicago district. Thedefenses upon the
lakes arc vei y different from the defenses upon the
sea-coast. That science which may be used to ad-
vantage in constructing defenses upon the sea-
coast, would not be available in making defenses
upon the lakes.
There is another thing in reference to this mat-
ter, which, I regret, is not included m the propo-
sition of my colleague. We are beginning to look,
in the progress of this war, to the carrying of arm-
aments upon the rivers, and that subject should,
properly, be referred to the same committee that
has the control and direction of the defenses upon
the lakes. The subject of the defenses of the lakes
and rivers of the West is one of sufficient mag-
nitude, considering the importance of the interests
involved, to engage the attention of a committee
during the entire session of Congress.
There is another reason why this subject should
be referred to a separate and distinct committee,
and that is, that the interest connected with the
lakes is not, never has been, and probably never
can be, properly represented upon a standing
committee raised by this House. If gentlemen
will look at the importance of this subject, the
vast amount of commerce interested in it, and the
extent of our frontier line upon these lakes, they
will sec, at a glance, that it is a subject of suffi-
cient magnitude to be sent to a special committee
for investigation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
I was much surprised to hear the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Olin] attack a proposition so
vigorously, and with some apparent feeling, which
has but this great object m view—the raising of a
committee for the purpose of considering and pro-
viding for the defense of the northwestern portion
of our common country. It cannot be believed—
it is not to be believed for one moment—that the
attack upon this measure is made for the reason
that the gentleman has assigned, that my colleague
desires to be chairman of the committee. No,
sir; the cause lies deeper than that. The ques-
tion is, whether the defenses of the great north-
western lakes and rivers shall be considered by a
committee that has that matter specially in view,
and will have timejmough to consider it in all its
parts and provide for the necessities of the times;
and if the time has arrived when we are to meet
Pennsylvania — pampered Pennsylvania — and
New York and the entire Northeast, let it come
to-day. I am for the Northwest and the West
and the East and the center; I am for treating all
alike. Special committees have been laised for
every conceivable purpose—to consider every-
thing that any one man wanted to investigate,
without a word of opposition; and now, when it
is proposed to put the interests of the Northwest
and the defense of the lakes and rivers of that ex-
tended region before a committee whose business
it shall be to investigate the subject, for the first
time aince I have been in Congress a most vig-
orous opposition is made to the raising of suo.h a
committee.
I say that it is a greater question, one more mo-
mentous and important, than three fourths or nine
tenths of the subjects that have been referred to
spccial committees. There is an empire of peo-
ple interested in this matter; it concerns the de-
fense of tho nation; and the only reason really
urged against the motion of my colleague is, that
the subject can be sent to one of the standing com-
mittees. Sir, this proposition does not originate
in distrust of the standing committee to uhich
allusion has been made. By no means, sir. I have
no attack to make upon that committee; but I say
that never before, in the history of our Govern-
ment, has a committee had so much legitimate
business to attend to as that committee has at the
present session.
While this war is being waged, and the very
integrity and existence of the country is depend-
ing upon the efficiency of the Army, the Military
Committee, in its proper ordinary functions, must
be almost continually in session. They have all
they can or ought to be required to do in discharg-
ing well their duties in that regard, and to throw
this additional burden upon tnem would not only
be unjust to them, but unjust to the people whose
interests are to be protected.
Mr. Chairman, I hope there will be no question
as to recommending to the House that a special
committee be formed or raised to consider this
subject, and report to us their conclusions in rela-
tion thereto.
I have now said all I desire to say. I trust the
interests in this regard of that West which has
furnished to the Army of the Union, now in the
field, numbers not inferior, in proportion to its
population, to any other portion of the country,
will be recognized by this House.
Mr. OLIN. This subject seems to have excited
a good deal of feeling upon the part of the gentle-
man from Illinois, which State 1 bdlieve has about
sixteen feet and a half of lake coast. They want
this subject taken from the Committee on Military
Affairs, because the members of that committee
do not live in the vicinity of the lakes of the great
Northwest. Now we have on that committee
my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Dunn,] whose State
borders upon the great lakes. We have another
gentleman from the State of New York, winch
State has as much Like coast and as much interest
in the defenses of the lakes as any Stale in the
great Northwest.
Now it is said by one gentleman that there is no
special reason for referring a subject like this to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and no impro-
priety in referring it to a special commutre. Let
me suggest one reason why a matter pertaining to
the ordinary business of a committee of the House
should not be taken from that committee and re-
ferred to a special committee. It is necessary,to
j, a great extent, as will appear to every gentleman
" at all familiar with the legislation of Congress, to
so divide the subjects of legislation, requiring the
expenditure of money, that there shall be some
concert of action between the various committees
of the House. A great share of the legislation of
the country having reference to expenditure of
money is initiated by the Committee of Ways and
Means—and why ? For the obvious necessity that
some one committee must have within its view the
limit of the possible expenditure of the Govern-
ment. So with reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs; the legislation originating with
|j them must of necessity involve the expenditure of
jj a vast amount of money; and so with the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. Now the reason why
you cannot divide up the business -winch comes
appropriately under the charge of one of these
committees, is that you cannot secure that bar-
