1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
200§
I am astonished and I am sorry that the sitting
member should admit here, in the presence of this
honorable body, that he was not only willing to
sit here on that forged certificate, but that he was
also willing, after taking the seat in this way, to
keep silent in order that Governor Black, having
robbed me of my political rights, might get out of
the country with his movable property, and thus
swindle me out of my pecuniary dues. Thanking
the House for its very courteous attention, I sub-
mit the case for its determination.
Mr. DAILY. Mr. Speaker, perhaps I owe an
apology to the House forattempting, at this hour,
to say a word in this case; but I will venture to
say a few words. I have been so liberal as to
give away the hour which I should have had to
myself, to the contestant. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] stated yesterday that
this had become a most remarkable case. It is
truly a remarkable case. Everything has got into
it except the evidence in the case. The whole
Territory of Nebraska has been ransacked and
hunted over. Wo have had ex parte affidavits
from Dakota Territory, and evidence in other
cases which never had any connection with this
case. They have been put into the minority re-
port, or held in the hand of the contestant, to try
this case upon. That dodge was openly played.
It is truly a remarkable case. It was sought to
be tried in this way, because the contestant knew
that if he were to go to the evidence he would
have no cas.e. The evidence shows the baldest,
openest, most outrageous frauds over perpetrated
in any country. They are such, however, as the
Territory of Nebraska has been accustomed to
from its earliest settlement. You will remember
that a Delegate came to the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, whose seat I contested, and for whom re-
turns were counted from the counties of Calhoun
and Izard, where not a man lived. The evidence
in that case was positive and clear. I told the
contestant, when we were making this canvass,
that the same game was to be played over again;
and that if they did not find fraudulent returns
from Izard, they would find them at another
point. Sure enough, they did find them. We
canvassed that Territory, traveling two thousand
five hundred or two thousand six hundred miles,
in buggies and on horseback. We went to every
settlement where there were three or four or a
dozen men. An election district that would give
sixteen or eighteen votes is quite a settlement.
Both of us traveled to the extremes of the Terri-
tory. We went to L'eau-qui-court county and
visited the eastern precinct and the county seat.
Neither of us knew or over once thoughtthat ihere
was such a place as the northern precmct of L'eau-
qui-court county, or that a man lived there. We
both came away without going to that precinct,
which, when the returns came in, showed 122
votes, every one of them for my opponent. If
we had known that there was such a precinct as
that, we would have traveled night and day for
weeks to have got there and canvassed it. But
we did not know it, and never thought of it.
I gave the contestant notice the very day after
the certificate was issued to him, and told him to
reply to it immediately because the winter season
was approaching, when we could not go up there
to take testimony; but instead of doing so, he
withheld his answer for the whole thirty days
allowed by law, and then he comes in and says
that there was not time to take evidence. It was
an excuse and nothing else. I told him that [
desired to go to Washington in December, and
that if he would only answer immediately we
could both be present and examine the witnesses.
But, as I have said, ho withheld his answer for
the whole thirty days, so as to throw over the ex-
amination of the ease till I should be gone. When
I left the Territory to come to Washington I left
my case in the hands of Judge Conkling, who has
two sons on this floor to-day, a man who was
above suspicion. He directed me to write the
letters to Westerman asking him if he could bring
evidence down to Omaha to show that frauds were
committed in the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-
court.
Mr. VOORHEES. Is that the same Judge
Conkling who told you that the second certificate
was bad ?
Mr. DAILY. It is the same Judge Conkling.
He did not say that the certificate was bad, but
he was a man of such independence, and so hated
these ballot-box stuffers, that he said I had agood
case without it, that these officials were a bad set,
and that he would not trust them.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would like to ask the
reason why the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Moorhead] docs not defend Colonel Black
from such an assaultas that, which is severerthan
what he felt callcd upon to notice on this side of
the House?
Mr. DAILY. It is said in the Scripture that—
" While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest smner may return."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I feel bound to interpose in
behalf of the Scripture. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAILY. It is a good doctrine, any way.
It ought to be there if it is not. I have read Watts
and the Bible so muc)} together that I sometimes
mistake one for the other. [Laughter.] Now, I
would say further, in regard to Governor Black:
he was an appointee of Mr. Buchanan. The mar-
shal and the secretary (Mr. Morton) were also
Buchanan men. They were all Breckinridge Dem-
ocrats; and a large majority of them are now in
the rebel army. ButMr. Black, when the national
difficulties arose, broke friendship with these old
friends, and went back to his native town of Pitts-
burg, where he raised a fine regiment; and we
heard of him the other day as the first man to enter
the enemy's works at Yorktown.
Mr. MORTON. I think he would have been,
at least, the second man in, if there was as certain
knowledge that there was whisky there, as there
was that there was no enemy there.
Mr. DAILY. That shows, Mr. Speaker, the
character of men. 1 do not reply to it. There is
not a Democrat in the Territory to-day. I do not
believe that the gentleman, if he hunted it from
one end to the other, would find five who would
not say, on their word of honor, that they know
I was elected and that Mr. Morton was not. They
all know it. They all admit it there. There is
no doubt of it. They all understand the point
which changed theclection. Whatwasthatpoint?
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. DAILY. Yes.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman why
he has been so unfortunate in the last two or three
contests as never to be returned by the people?
Mr. DAWES. He has been returned by the
people, but not by the Democratic canvassers.
Mr. DAILY. I went there, and held political
doctrines opposed to the Buchanan doctrines. All
the officials there were appointees of James Buch-
anan, of the most radical school. And I went
through iii opposition to them. They all declared
that if they could not defeat Daily, he could not
get his certificate, because that had to pass through
their hands. Knowing the means they would
resort to, while going through the canvass with the
contestant, I said to him that I did not expect to
get the certificate; 1 said to him that those officials
will manage affairs so that when it is ascertained
how many votes it requires to elect you, they will
bring from some place nobody has heard of be-
fore votes enough to elect you. Sure enough, it
turned out as I predicted. Neither the contestant
nor I had ever heard of this northern precinct of
L'eau-qui-court county; but it was from that
precinct that a vote of 122 came in, all for the
contestant, and sufficient to elect him. But how,
let me ask, were those 122 votes counted? They
were counted contrary ta law; they were counted
contrary to the evidence before the territorial can-
vassers. Sir, there was no such place as the
northern precinct of L'eau-qui-court county in
that Territory; and all the evidence they had of
voles being cast there, on the face of God Al-
mighty's earth, was a certificate of rejection.
[Laughter.] The only evidence was that such a
return was made to the clerk of the county of
L'eau-qui-court, who rejected the return, and so
notified the territorial canvasser. He sends his
return to the Governor of the Territory, in which
he sets out how many votes weie cast for each
candidate in the eastern precinct, how many in
each of the other ptecinctsof the county, and then
says that a return has been sent in from the north-
ern precinct of the county of 122 votes for Mr.
Morton, which is rejected, because it was not in
the county, A letter sent to the Governor from
the clerk of L'eau-qui-court county says that this
return from the northern precinct was rejected for
a number of other reasons also; that there were
other reasons that could be given; but the fact
that the precinct where the votes purport to have
been given was not in the county was sufficient.
Now, how did the territorial canvassing board
know that there was any vote of lhat kind? .Be-
cause the county clerk had stated to them (hat
such a return had been presented to and rejected
by him; and because he rejected it they-counted
it. [Laughter.] There is a return included here
of a precinct called Cottonwood Springs, some
ninety miles beyond Fort Kearney, of some 70
votes for Mr. Morton, which I did not go, to the
trouble of proving fraudulent, because I had
enough to do to make out my case without. But
this territorial board counted that vote, and then,
as a last resort, in order to make a case in which
to give Mr. Morton a certificate, admitted these
122 votes for him from the northern precinct of
L'eau-qui-court, which accomplished their pur-
pose, by giving him a majority of 14 votes, and
they gave him his certificate. They had to count
this rejected return in spite of themselves.
Now, sir,,I never charged Mr. Morton with
bribery in obtaining his certificate, it is true. I
did not outof respect for his feelings and the feel-
ings of the House, for I did not conceive that it
was necessary, to show conclusively my right to
a seat; but I now dare him to go back upon that
issue to that Territory, and I will show, beyond
a doubt, that his certificate was obtained, and this
return, which was no return, counted, without
which the certificate could nothave been given, by
means of bribery; that the certificate was caused
to be made out by the appliances of bribery. I am
sorry to feel compelled to speak of these things,
or to animadvert upon the character or conduct
of the departed.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the sitting Del-
egate to say that he is willing upon these certifi-
cates to go again before the people of Nebraska
and try the contest there. I am willing to accept
that proposition.
Mr. DAILY. No, sir. At the next election
in that Territory I will consent to that trial again.
I am speaking simply of these certificates, which,
1 repeat, have nothing whatever to do with the
merits of the case.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and the sitting Delegate now repeals it,
alleged that the sitting member had been cheated
by a Democratic Governor, by Democratic can-
vassers, and by Democratic officers of the Terri-
tory. Now, the word party is one that I rarely
mention in connection with the proceedings of the
House. It should least of all be mentioned in a
case of this desciiption, in which gentlemen are
supposed to act upon the merits of the contest as
presented by the testimony, without reference to
paity affiliations at all. But I will say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that he now has mem-
bers of lus own party holding the offices of that
Territory from the Governor down. I believe
there is aRepublican Administration at the head of
ouraffaira, which, as such, has appointed the offi-
cers of that Territory throughout from the mem-
bers of that jiarty. The sitting Delegate, there-
fore, will be in no more danger of being cheated
from that source, and I cannot understand the po-
sition insisted upon by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that the sitting Delegate was not afraid
of the people, when he now refuses to accede to
the proposition which some of us understood him
a moment ago to make, to refer this whole matter
back .to the people, now that there are no office-
holders there disposed to chcat him.
Mr. DAILY. I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that this
certificate is not in the case, that it has nothing to
do with the question before the House. It may
do to go before some settlement in the country,
where there are no lawyers, and try to confuse the
minds of the people by insisting upon one thing,
when another thing is the question. [Laughter.]
Now, that is the case here. This whole certificate
matter is not in the question before the House at
all.
Mr. DAWES. I take it the gentleman from
Indiana has a good memory, and therefore I de-
sire to state in his hearing, as in the hearing of the
other membeis of the committee, that when the
contestant wanted to prove by one witness that
the certificate presented by the sitting Delegate
was a forgery, the sitting Delegate proposed to
accept that proof upon the condition that he could
introduce rebutting testimony, and also show that
