1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did design, when I in-
troduccd a resolution, some weeks ago, to call the
attention of the Judiciary Committee to this sub-
ject, with a view thatthatcorrrtmUec might report
a provision thattheadjudicationsof tins commis-
sion should be final and conclusive 011 both par-
ties. I understand that that committee has not
come to the conclusion to favor the proposition
which I had offered to the committee at the in-
stance, pretty much, of the board at St. Louis.
If the report of the committee is to be considered
now, I will feel constrained to offer an amend-
ment; but I suggest that it be postponed for a
single week.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not feel at liberty, under
the instructions given me by the committee, to con-
sent to any postponement. That instruction was
to put this bill on its passage.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say, in
reference to this matter, that any further post-
ponement of this measure would work an arrant
injustice to those creditors of the Government. 1
oppose the proposition made by the gentleman
from Kentucky on the ground that those men in
the western department who have furnished sup-
plies to the Government have been already kept
out of their pay for a mostunreasonable length of
time. It is not just or proper that the House
should further postpone the payment of these
demands against the Government. At least the
amounts which the commission have agreed to
pay them ought, in iny opinion, to be paid them
without any further delay. In every other mili-
tary department the creditors of the Government
have got their pay. A different rule lias been
established in regard to the creditors of the Gov-
ernment iit the western department from that
which prevails in any other part of the country.
Among the letters which I received last evening
was a letter of this kind: a gentleman who pur-
chased a voucher of the Government, signed by
the proper officer, was compelled first to submit
that voucher to the commission atSt. Louis. The
deduction made by the com mission on that voucher
was greater than the lcduction at winch he origin-
ally purchased the vouchor. At the same time
he has lost the interest of his money for five or six
months.
Novv, I wish to know whether there are to be
two rules in relation to the creditors of the Gov-
ernment—-one for one section of the country, and
a different one for another section. In every other
department the creditors of the Government have
had iheirdemandsallowed and paid; at least, there
has been no legislative interposition to prevent
their being paid. Whereas, in the western depart-
ment, men have been compelled, after receiving
vouchers from the regular disbursing officers of
the Government, to come forwaid and prove up
their claims; and, in many instances,third parties,
who had nothing to dowith furnishing the supplies,
but who have purchased vouchors on the faith of
the Government, have been compelled to submit
to deductions. The proposition now is to post-
pone the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee, which only proposes to pay according to
the awaids of the commission.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have a word to say about
this resolution,and then I shall be constrained to
call the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE I appeal to the gentleman
to give me the opportunity to offer a short amend-
ment, and to say a word in reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Let the gentleman's amend-
ment be reported.
Mr. WICKLIFFE I desire to submit the fol-
lowing:
The payment of the sums adjudged by said boat d of com-
missioners to the claimant or bis a«<igne«' shall be made
upon tbe execution of the icceipt to the United States,, m
the form lecommotnlcd by said commifesioncis 111 their le-
poil to the cxccutive department.
Mr. BINGHAM I object to the introduction
of such an amendment, and I would state the rea-
son of my objection. A short time since an amend- j
ment was introduced in the House, and referred to
the Judiciary Committee, contemplating the object 1
which thegentleman'samendmentseeks toeffect. •
^It was rejected by the committee, foi the reason j
that, in then opinion, it would be unjust tomcor- i
porate in this bill a provision to the efiect that these }
claimants should be forever estopped and con- i
eluded by virtue of thepayments awarded to them
by this commission. I am ready to state, and will
state to the gentleman very frankly, my reason for
concurring with the majority of the committee,
and I think, perhaps, the whole committee, in re-
jecting the amendment. It seems that all the claims
m the department of Missouri have been suspended
by reason of the appointment of this commission.
The claimants have been awaiting the examina-
tion of their accounts by this commission; they
have been awaiting the awards of the commission.
The quartermaster, paymaster, commissary, or
whoever may be charged by law with the pay-
ment of these accounts", has, by order of the War
Department, suspended the payment of every dol-
lar due these claimants until the award of the com-
mission, constituted by the arbitrary act of an
executive department, shall be made.
Now, sir, it seems to me there has been a stretch
of power ifyon the part of the executive depart-
ment, m the constitution of a commission to sit
in judgment upon the claims of citizens of the
United States; and that we should be wrong in
declaring that the award of that commission, when
made, shall be final and conclusive forever. In the
opinion o|the Judiciary Committee, there are other
tubunals competent to examine claims not passed
upon or determined upon by this commission. So
far as the commission have examined and passed
upon claims, their award should be conclusive
upon the claimants; and 1 am willing to indicate
our confidence in their action to that extent. No
one supposes that in respect to the claims enter-
tained and passed upon by the commission, any
demand will ever be made for a dollar beyond the
sums awarded. But there may be claims which
the commission have refused to entertain—claims
held in good faith by citizens of the United States,
but whi<"h, for reasons best known to themselves,
the commission determined not to entertain nor
pass upon at all. The amendment of th*  gentle-
man from Kentucky would have (he effect to bar
forever such claimant fiom any further applica-
tion for payment of their claims. It seems to me
it would be the grossest injustice to our citizens
to incorporate such an amendment in this bill, and
on that account I am not willing to admit now any
amendment which will give such a scope to the
power of this commission, constituted, as it has
been, by the act of executive authority, without
any authority of law.
The creation of this commission has, as I have
remarked already, operated as a suspension ofall
those claims for several months. 1 do not com-
plain ofthnt. 1 hope the eventwill prove that they
have saved money to the Treasury. To the extent
to which they have gone I have no doubt they have
done justice between the Government and the citi-
zens more particularly interested. Their action
will have the effect to estop those whose claims
have been audited by the commission; but it should
not be conclusive upon claims presented to them
but not considered by them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the view the com-
mittee have taken of the resolution before us. I
have no special interest in reference to it, except
what is common, I believe, to every member of the
House. I call the previous question upon the bill
and the amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope the gentleman will
give me four or five minutes to reply to what he
has said.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
excuse me. I am acting under the instructions of
the committee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will renew the call for
the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excusc
me. I demand the previous question on the third
reading of the resolution.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, 42 voted in the affirmative and 15 in the
negative—no quorum.
Mr. WICKLIFFE called for tellers.^.
Tellers were appointed; find Messrs. Kellogg,
of Michigan, and Shanks were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question. 11 is very evident that the House
is not prepared to vote upon this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am acting under the in-
structions of the Committee on the Judiciary,and
do not feel at liberty to withdraw the call. Inh&fe
that there be a call of the House, ' "
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll of members,"
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, I move th^t all fur-,
thcr proceedings under the call be suspended,"
*Thc motion was riot agreed to.
The Clerk, in further execution of {he order
that there be a call of the House, called".the jfijt
of absentees. •'
The following members failed to answer to their
names: <
Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Balibitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey,
Jacob 13. Blair, George II. Bvowne, Campbell, Cobb, Cooper,
Cravens, Ciittenden, Uelaplaine, English, Fenton, Fouke,
Ilaight, Hickman, Jackson, Kerrigan, ivillmtrer, Lehman,'
Logan, McKean, Malloiy, MarMon, May, Mitchell, Noc.lt,
Noiton, Jolm S. I'lielps, TiniothyG. Phelps, Porter,James
S. Koiiins, Sherman, Spaukling, William G. Steele, Van-
dever, Van Horn, Voorhocs, Wall, Ward, Was&bume,
Whcclei, Chilton A. White, and Wood. '
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. A quorum has an-
swered, I believe. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 51, noes 18.
Mr. P. A. CONKLINGr. I rise to a question
of order. No quorum voted on the motion" to
dispense with further proceedings under tliecalU
The SPEAKER. Xhe gentleman states a fact,
but does not state a question of order.
Mr. F.A.'CONKLING. My question of order
is, that a quorum not having voted, the motion
was not decided.
The SPEAKER. The rules provide that fifteen
members may direct proceedings under a call ot
the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Otherwise the House
could not adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt as to the
rule. All further proceedings, under the rule, are
dispensed with.
message from tee senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate insist upon the amendment dis-
agreed to by the House to the joint resolution of
the House in relation to eertain railroads in Mis-
souri,and ask a committee of conference thereon.
award of st. louis commission.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The House divided again, and there were—ayes
56, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. F. A. CONKLlNCr. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 16, nays 104; as follows:
YEAH—Messts. Joseph Ilaily, Baxter, Beaman, Biddle,
Geoi-je II. Btownc, Fiedcriok A Colliding, Crisfield, Dun-
lap, Hale, llaidmg, Johnson, Maynaid, Menzies. Sheffield,
Shiel, and E. P. Walton—16.
NAYS—I\I<'a! rs. Aldrith, Alley, A&hley, Baker, Bing-
ham, France 1\ Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G.
Brown, BuUiuton, Campbell, Cliambeilm, Claik, Clem-
ents, Cobb, Celfax, Hoscoe Conkling, Conway, Corning,
Covode, Cox, Ciavens, Cutler, Davis, Dawi «, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edqoitort, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fessenden,
I'Vsliei, Fiancliot, FranK, Good), Goodwin, Granger, Gri-
der, Gmley, Hall, Ilaiu-hctt, Ilam&on, Holman, ilooper,
Norton, Jlutchms, Julian, Kcllcy, Francis VV. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lansing, Law,Lcary, Loomis, Lovcjoy,
McPhcr^on, Mallory, Moorhead, Anson P. MorilJI, Morris,
Nixon, Noble, Nugun, Odell, Ohn. Palton,Pendleton,Pike,
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter. Puce, Alexander II. Rice, Jolm
U. Rice, Riddle, Robin&on, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shellabaigcr, Sloan, Smith, Jolm B. Steele,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram, Tumble, Trow-
budge, Vallandigham, Van Valkenburgh. Van Wyek, Ver-
roo, Wallace, Chailes W. Walton, VVeb&iei, VVhceler,
Wluiley, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff,
and Wngbt—104.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During; the call of the roll,
Mr. JOHNSON stated that Mr. Ancon-a went
home on Saturday, and no train of cars having
come in this morning, he was necessarily absent.
The question again recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes sev-
enty, noes not counted.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
| the Judiciary was agreed to—ayes G6k noes 24.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
' to a third reading, and was accordingly read the
1 third time.
