1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
296$
thority, they would find it in John Ctuincy Adams.
His words have been often quoted, without per-
haps fully considering the great weight to which
they are entitled. At an early day, when Secre-
tary of State, under a slaveholding President, with
eminent slaveholders' in the Cabinet, in the dis-
charge of his official duties, as the advocate of his
Government, he had claimed under the treaty of
Ghent compensation for slaves liberated by the
British armies, and he had argued against any
such liberation under the rights of war. A full
knowledge of his convictions on this occasion
might, perhaps, disclose the repugnance or, to bor-
row his own words, "the bitterness of heart," with
which he discharged this duty. It is known, by
avowals afterwards made in the House of Repre-
sentatives, that on at least one occasion he acted
as Secretary of State contrary to his convictions.
" It was utterly against my judgment and wishes;
but I was obliged to submit, and prepared the
requisite dispatches." (Congressional Globe,
Twenty-Seventh Congress, second session, 1841—
42, vol. 2, p. 424.) Such was his open declara-
tion in the House of Representatives with regard
to an important negotiation which he had con-
ducted. But whatever may have been his con-
victions at that time, it is beyond question, that
afterwards, in his glorious career as a Represent-
ative, when larger experience and still maturer
years had added to his great authority, and he
was called upon in Congress to express himself
on this important question, we find him recon-
sidering hi3 earlier diplomatic arguments, and, in
the face of the world, defiantly claiming not only
for Congress, but for the President, and every
military commander within his department, the
full power to emancipate slaves under the rights
of war. If these words had been hastily uttered,
or, if once uttered, they had been afterwards aban-
doned, or if they could in any way be associated
with the passions or ardors of controversy, as
his earlier words were clearly associated with the
duties of advocacy, ihey might be entitled to less
consideration. But they are among the later and
most memorable utterances of our greatest master
of the law of nations, made under circumstances
of peculiar solemnity, and several times repeated,
after intervals of time.
It was on the 25th May, 1836, that John Gluincy
Adams first expounded in the House of Repre-
sentatives what he called " the war power, a«id
treaty-making power of Congress." Then it was
that he declared:
" From the iiihtantthnt your slaveholding States become
the theater of war, civil, servitor foreign, ftom that instant
the war powers of Congress extend to interference with the
Institution of slavery in every way 111 which it can be inter-
fered with, from a claim of indemnity for slaves taken or
destroyed, to the cession of the State burdened with slavery
to a foreign Power."
Again, on the 7th June, 1841, after many years
of reflection and added experience in public life,
he shook the House by showing that universal
emancipation might be accomplished through this
supreme power.
Afterwards, in April, 1842, for the third time,
he stated the doctrine in the House of Represent-
atives, and challenged criticism or reply. I for-
bear to read the whole speech, though considering
the circumstances under such it was made, it
may be accepted as a final statement of unques-
tionable law. An extract will suffice:
" I would leave that institution to the exclusive consid-
eration and management of the States more peculiarly in-
terested in it just as long as they can keep it within their
own bounds. So far, I admit that Congress has no power
to meddle with it. As longasthey do not step out of their
own bounds, and do not put the question to the people of
the United States, whose peace, welfare, and happiness
are aii at stake, so long I will agree to leave them to them-
selves." *********
a I believe that so long as the slave States are able to sus-
tain their institutions without going abroad or calling upon
other parts of the Union to aid them or act on the subject,
so long I will consent never to interfere. I have said this,
and I repeat it; but if they come to the free States and say-
to them, 'you mun help us to keep down our slaves; you
must aid vs m an mburieetioii and a civil war,' then I say,
that with that call comes a full and plenary power to this
House and to the Senate o vcr the whole subject. It is a war
power. I say it is a war pow*kr; and when your country is
actually in war, whether it be a war of invasion or a war of
insurrection, Congress has power to catry on the war, and
mmt cany it on according to the laus of war; and by the
laws? of war an invaded country iia^ ail its laws and muni-
cipal institutions swept by the board, and martiai law takes
the place of tllcm."
And then again he announces, in words further
applicable to the present hour:
" Nor is this a mere theoretic statement. Slavery was
abolished in Colombia, first by the Spanish General Mu-
rillo, and secondly by the American General Bolivar. It
was abolished by virtue of a military command given at the
head of the army, and its abolition continues to be law to
this dav." *********
il I might furnish a thousand proofs to show that the pre-
tensions of gentlemen to the sanctity of their municipal
institutions under a state of actual invasion and of actual
war, whether servile, civil, or foreign, is wholly unfounded,
and that the laws of war do, in all such cases, take preced-
ence. I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that
the military authority takes for the time the place of all
municipal institutions, and of slavery among the rest; and
that, under that state of things, so far from its being true
that the States where slavery exists have the exclusive
management of the subject, not only the President of the
United States, but the commander of the Army, has power
to order the universal emancipation of the slaves. I have
given here more in detail a principle which I have asserted
on this floor before now, and of which I have no more doubt
than that you, sir, occupy that chair.—Congressional Globe,
Twenty-Seventh Congress, second session, 1841-42, part 1,
p. 429.
The representatives of slavery broke forth in
characteristic outrage upon the venerable orator,
but nobody answered him. And these words have
stood ever since asalandmarkof public law. You
cannot deny the power of Congress to liberate the
slaves without removing this^landmark. Vain
work. It is not less firm than the Constitution
itself.
Thus do I vindicate for Congress all the rights
of war. If, assuming the powers of Congress,
any further question be raised as to the extent of
these rights, ( reply, briefly, that there is no right
which, according to received authorities, may be
exercised against a hostile sovereign or prince,
embracing, of course, confiscation of property, real
as well as personal, which may not in our discre-
tion be recognized against a rebel enemy; and the
reason is obvious. Whatever maybe the mitiga-
tions of the rights of war introduced by modern
civilization, under which private property in cer-
tain cases is exempted from confiscation, this rule
does not apply to cases where there is a direct per-
sonal responsibility for the war; and here is the
precise difference between the responsibility of the
sovereign or prince and the responsibility of the
private citizen: the private citizen is excused, but
the sovereign or prince is always held responsible
to the full extent of his property, real as well as
personal. But every rebel who has voluntarily
become a public enemy has assumed a personal
responsibility for which, according to acknowl-
edged principles of public law—especially if he has
taken high office in the rebel government—he may
be held liable to the full extent of his property,
real as well as personal. Every citizen who vol-
untarily aids in armed rebellion is a hostile sov-
ereign or prince. A generous clemency may in-
terfere to limit his liability, but on principles of
public law he is in the very condition of Shylock
when his cruelty was arrested by the righteous
judge.
"If thou dost shed
One drop of Christian blood, thy lands and goods
Are, by the laws of Venice, confiscate
Unto the State of Venice."
Mr. President, such are the principles on which
we are now to act. In announcing them and re-
ducing them to practice, Congress will enlarge its
already accumulated claims to public gratitude.
The present Congress has already done much
beyond any other Congress in our history. Meas-
ures which for long years have seemed attainable
only to the most sanguine hopes, have triumphed.
Emancipation in the national capital; freedom in
all the national Territories; the offer of ransom to
help emancipation in the States; the recognition
of Hayti and Liberia; the treaty with Great Brit-
ain for the suppression of the slave trade; the pro-
hibition of the return of fugitive slaves by military
officers; homesteads for actual settlers on the pub-
lic lands; a.Pac.ificrailroad; endo wmen ts of agricul-
tural colleges out of the public lands; such are
some of the achievements by which the present
Congress will be historic. Besides these measures
of unmixed beneficence, the present Congress has
created an immense Army and a considerable
Navy, and it has provided the means for all our
gigantic expenditures by a tax, which in itself is
an epoch.
Thus, in the prosecution of the war Congress
has already exercised two great powers: first, to
raise armies; and secondly, to tax. Both of these
powers bear directly upon our loyal fellow-citi-
zens everywhere throughout the country. Sons,
brothers, and husbands, are taken from happy
homes, and from the concerns of business, leaving
vacant places never, perhaps, to be filled again,
and hurried away to wage a fearful war. But be-
yond this unequaled draft upon the loyal men of
the country, summoning them to the hazards of
battle, there is another unequaled draft upon the
loyal property of the country, presenting a cor?i-
bined draft without precedent upon men and upon
property. If you would find a parallel to the ar-
mies raised, you must go back to the forces mar-
shaled under Napoleon in the indulgence of his
unbridled ambition. Jf you would find a parallel
to the tax, you must go back to that early day of
which the Gospel, in its simple narrative, says:
" And it came to pass about these times that ade-
cree went out from Csesar Augustus, that all the
world should be taxed." A similar decree is about
to go out from you, not, indeed, to tax all tli?
world, but to tax a large and generous peoplei
who, for the first time, will listen to such an edict.
There have been taxes here before; and in other
countries there have been taxes as enormous, but
there has been no such tax here before; and in no
other country has any such tax been levied at
once without the preparation and education of
long-continued taxation.
Confiscation and liberation are other war power?
of Congress, incident to the general grant of such
powers, which it now remains for us to employ.
So important are they, that without them I fear
all the rest will be employed in vain. Yes, sir,
in vain do we gather mighty armies,'and in vain
do we tax oyr people, unless we are ready to
grasp these other means through which the war
can be carried to the homes of the rebellion. By
the confiscation of property the large rebel estates,
where treason laid its eggs, will be broken up,
while, by the liberation of slaves, the rebels will
be deprived of an invaluable ally, whether in labor
or in battle. But let me confess frankly that I
look with more hope and confidence to liberation
than to confiscation. To give freedom is nobler
than to take property, and, on this occasion, it
cannot fail to be more efficacious, for in this way
the rear-guard of the Rebellion will be surely
changed into the advance-guard of the Union.
There is in confiscation, unless when directed
against the criminal authors of the rebellion, a
harshness inconsistent with that mercy which it
is always a sacred duty to cultivate, and which
should be manifest in proportion to our triumphs,
" mightiest in the mightiest." But liberation is not
harsh, and it is certain, if properly conducted, to
carry with it the smiles of a benignant Providence.
The war began in slavery, and it can end only
with the end of slavery. It was set in motion
and organized by the slave oligarchy, and it
cannot die except with this accursed oligarchy.
Therefore, for the sake of peace and in order to
restore the Union, every power should be enlisted
by which slavery, which is the soul of the war,
can be reached. Are you in earnest? Then strike
at slavery. Liberation is usually known as a char-
ity; but while none the less a charity, compre-
hending all other charities.it is now, in the course
of events, a necessity of war. Only through lib-
eration can we obtain that complete triumph,
bringing with itassured tranquillity, without which
the war will stop merely to break forth anew, and
peace will be nothing but an uneasy truce. Among
all the powers of Congress incident to our unpar-
alleled condition, there is none so far-reaching, fcji
there is none so beneficent; there is none so po-
tent to beat down rebellion, as there is none other
by which peace can be made truly secure. Pow-
erful and beautiful prerogative! The language of
Chatham will not be misapplied, when I call it the
" master feather of the eagle's wing."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthoj?*
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. BROWNING. I shall delay the vote only
a few minutes, sir. I have no intention of resum-
ing any extended argument on this question; but
I do intend to notice a few of the propositions of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
A fair example of his construction of constitu-
tional provisions is found in his commentaries
upon this clause:
"No soldier shall in time of peace be quartered in any
house without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war
but m a manner to be pieseribed by iaw."
A custom obtained, a right of war was exercised
by the British Government of quartering soldiers
in private houses for their maintenance and sup-
