1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
mony and concert of action, and limit to the ex-
penditure of money, which may be secured when
these subjects are controlled by the ordinary stand-
ing committees of the House.
Mr. Chairman, there is some significance, there
is some meaning, there is some policy in this
division of the ordinary legislation of the House.
Without it, it is impossible to transact our busi-
ness understandingly.
The gentleman says these fortifications on the
lakes and rivers are of a different character from
your coast fortifications. Notatall. Ifyouare
to defend a lake coast against attack from steam
or sailing war vessels, you require the same de-
scription of works that you require for the pro-
tection of your harbors on the Atlantic coast; and
the whole subject ought, legitimately, to go to
some one committee. You should either relieve the
Military Committee from the consideration of the
subject at all, and constitute a new committee,
which shall have charge of the whole matter of
harbor and military defenses, or you ought to
allow the whole matter to go to the Military Com-
mittee.
Now, sir, it is idle to say that the labors of the
Committee on Military Affairs will be so multi-
plied by the exigencies of the present session that
they cannot give a proper consideration to this
subject. If they shall be found inadequate to dis-
charge the duties assigned them by the rules of
the House, let the Speaker relieve them altogether,
and constitute another committee that shall be com-
petent to discharge the duties. I protest in advance
against dividing up the duties legitimately belong-
ing to any of the standing committees of the
House, for the obvious reason thatitwill embar-
rass legislation. You will have no certainty as
to the extent or amount of expenditure. You will
have no certainty as to the limit of expenditure
of the Government.
Now, I admit the importance of fortifications
upon the lake shores of the Northwest. There
is a great Noithwest, and we are reminded of it
every day. But great as it is, it is not greater
than the whole country. Important as it is, it is
not more important than the whole line of river,
lake, and ocean coast. Certainly New England,
New York, and Pennsylvania have as much in-
terest in that chain of defenses as the States of the
"great Northwest." They have as great a front-
ier, they have a larger amount of property at
stake, and as many lives to defend. But, sir, I do
not believe in the general policy, at any time, of
appointing a special committee to initiate legisla-
tion for that particular locality. It will be better,
in my judgment, that the whole interest of the
whole country be consulted.
More time has, howcver,been spent in reference
to this matter than seems to me to be necessary,
and I will move, therefore, that the committee
rise, for the purpose of going into the House and
limiting the debate on these resolutions.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for a moment.
Mr. OLIN. I will, trusting that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will renew it.
Mr. KELLEY. When thediscussion upon this
subject commenced, I felt very much disposed to
vote for its reference to a special committee; but
the friends of that measure have satisfied me that
such a step would be very injudicious upon the
part of the House. We all know that there is a
great Northwest; there is no man in the country
who does not know it; and there can be no mem-
ber of the Military Committee, let him come from
what State he may, who will not feel a patriotic
interest in that section of the country. It is said
that the members of that committee do not reside
in the West; and that they, therefore, have no
interest in that part of the country. Why, my
friend from Minnesota [Mr. Aldricii] told us
that the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affaiis knows that country thoroughly; that he
had investigated it minutely—so minutely that he
had even found sood Christians there, [laughter]—
if 1 remember the remarks wiLh which he closed
the lastsession of Congress. Well, sir, the " pam- |
pored" State of Pennsylvania is supposed to have j
no interest in these questions. I ask you to re- ,
member that that great State rests not only upon j
the ocean, but upon the great lakes—upon a lake J
which American valor has defended at a period i
when there was more reason to apprehend danger j
from a foreign foe than now—torn and distracted !
as our country is. That State has a city second
in the Union, in point of population and wealth,
which is as undefended as any portion of the great
Northwest.
In looking to the interests of the country-—the
coast and lake and river defenses—we should look
at them as a great whole. They should be ex-
amined by one of the standing committees—one
that will look to the whole coast, whether it lies
east or west of a certain line; and look to the
r.ivers, whether they be those upon which settle-
ment is sparse, or those that lead to a city which
is in itself an empire, if measured by its popula-
tion and wealth. I hope, therefore, that no spe-
cial committee will be created, but that the subject
will take its course to the Committee on Military
Affairs, as suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, while I hope
no gentleman from the East would be suspccted
of any indifference to the interests or defenses of
the great West, yet I suppose we may all be ex-
cused, representing here our particular districts,
for feeling some solicitude for their special de-
fense, especially when we are prompted by the
solicitude which is felt and expressed at home. It
is only to-day that I have received from the Board
of Trade of the city of Philadelphia their resolu-
tions declaring that the river and harbor defenses
of Philadelphia are entirely inadequate and need
to be immediately and largely improved. I can
say that this is a subject which at presentcreates
very considerable anxiety in that city. My friend
and colleague, [Mr. Wright,] from another part
of the State, has enumerated various portions of
the State of great importance, and I am sure that
he does not undervalue the importance of the com-
mercial capital of the State, which is also one of
the principal cities of the Union. Therefore, al-
though I am not enough of a parliamentarian, as
yet, to know any prejudicial effect would arise
fiom the separation of these committees, I beg
leave to say that the people I represent look with
great anxiety to any motion the effect of which
seems to take away from a regular committee
this important subject, to transfer it to a commit-
tee which might have its attention more particu-
larly drawn to matters very remote from us.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I hope that this House
will accede to the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois. I think that it is a very reasonable
proposition, and that those who would have the
subject referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have not, to my mind, made out their case at
all. It seems to me that all the West wants is,
that they shall have a fair, candid, and complete
investigation of this whole matter. They feel that
if it goes to the ordinary legular committee, it will
not, for the reasons assigned, have such an exam-
ination. They come here and appeal to us; they
appeal to our sense of justice and to our gener-
osity to give them the privilege of a spccial com-
mittee, whose business it shall be to present the
case to Congress in the strongest light. We ought
to have the ease presented in the strongest light.
We are as much interested in the East in it as they
are in the West. We ought to be willing to do the
West ample justice, for our sons and daughters
have gone and settled there. They have reason
for supposing that if this subject should not be
referred to a special committee that it will be post-
poned from year to year. I trust, therefore, that
the gentlemen from the sea-board will be generous
enough to let them have a special committee to
make a special report, and make out the strongest
case. When it comes up before us we can dis-
pose of it on its merits.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wickliffe reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Piesident's annual message, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, Mr. Speaker, that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and pending
that motion I offer the usual resolution that all
general debate be closed on the pending proposi-
tion in committee within one minute after its con-
sideration shall be resumed.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to amend by
making it five minutes.
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution was adopted; and then Mr.
Stevens's motion to go into committee was
adopted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wickliffe in the chair.)
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman,
there is evidently a misapprehension as to the
terms of the resolution. It docs not propose to
refer the whole subject of fortifications and de-
fenses to a special committee, but only so much
as relates to the defenses and fortifications of the
great rivers and lakes. I make this correction.
It leaves the coast defenses to the standing com-
mittee, which the gentleman insists is better pre-
pared to consider the subject than any other. If
so, let them take the standing committee for coast
defenses and leave us the special committee for
that which relates to the defenses of the great
rivers and lakes of the West.
Mr. KELLEY. That is the objection. It would
be less objectionable if the special committee
covered the whole.
Mr. BABBITT. The gentleman from Illinois
has alluded to the State of Pennsylvania as op-
posed to the appointment of this special commit-
tee. I, sir, representing a portion of the State of
Pennsylvania, rise to set the gentleman right. I
am in favor of the appointment of this special
committee, and for the reasons already abundantly
set forth. I believe that a majority of the Penn-
sylvania delegation are in favor of it; and I call
upon them to vote for it.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to amend by limit-
ing the committee to seven instead of nine, and on
that motion I propose to submit a few remarks.
This is an important proposition to the States
bordering upon the lakes, and it is only just that
Congress should give it that consideration and
action which its importance demands. The sec-
tion of country which I represent borders upon
Canada and carries on a prosperous trade that is
mutually beneficial to botJi countries,and which,
I trust, will not be disturbed by a war with Great
Britain. Gentlemen have lefcrred to the small
and imperfect forts which have been constructed
in the Northwest. There are other forts, which
have been commenced and only partially com-
pleted, along the borders of Lake Ontario. This
question, therefore, will involve not only the ne-
cessity of the construction of new fortifications
at places where they are needed, or may be needed,
but the rapid completion of those which have been
already begun. For the proper indicating the
sites, size, number of guns, and for all that is ne-
cessary to be done for the inauguration and carry-
ing on of a proper system of lake defenses, I think
that a spccial committee is better than the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, which committee will
have all it can do to prepare the current business
relating to the pending war. Look at the exposed
situation of the country bordering upon Lake
Ontario and the upper lakes.
What is the condition, in point of defense, of
Ogdensburg, Sackett'sHarbor,Oswego, Niagara,
Rochester, Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit, Milwau-
kee, and Chicago? At these places there are no
sufficient fortifications for their protection and
defense. The work will have to be commenced
anew in most cases, and rapidly and effectively
prosccutcd to completion. Where old fortifica-
tions have fallen into ruins, they may have to be
rebuilt and enlarged, or abandoned, and new sites
selected. All of these and other important con-
siderations will come before this committee. The
question is so important and so great in its extent,
that I think it is impossible the Committee on
Military Affairs can have time enough left from
its other duties to devote to it. I am therefore in
favor of a special committee; and I hope it will
not be refused in this case. As a general propo-
sition, all questions ought to be referred to the
standing committees that the standing committees
can investigate and dispose of; but this is an
exception to the general rule; and in order to have
some immediate action, it is necessary that we
should have a special committee. I think it is the
duty of the House to grant a special committee
on the motion of the gentleman from Chicago,
[Mr. Arnold;] and I trust that his proposed
amendment will be adopted.
