2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
the certificate of the contestant was obtained by
bribery; that the objection of the contestant was
that that would render it necessary to go back to
Nebraska for witnesses, which would take a good
while; but that if you would only give him the
seat while that was going on, he would not say a
word. He could not afford to go back to Ne-
braska to get testimony to show that his certifi-
cate was not obtained by bribery upon any other
condition, because that would take time.
Mr. VOORHEES. One word in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts. The gentleman
has made in the main a fair statement of the mat-
ter. The point was this: whenever in the com-
mittee any evidence was offered by the contest-
ant, Mr. Morton, this rule of want of notice was
urged againsthim,and the sitting Delegate would
insist, if the evidence was admitted, upon prolong-
ing the contest and opening the matter de novo of
going back into the field of testimony again. Mr.
Morton's proposition in return was, that inas-
much as Mr. Daily had been the sitting member
for half the term upon a forged certificate, which
the gentleman from Massachusetts now admits
riot to be valid, if Mr. Daily would go outside the
House, as Mr. Morton had been surreptitiously
kept outside, for the balance of the time the con-
test was going on, he would consent to enter again
upon the work of taking testimony. But the sit-
ting Delegate being upon the floor, in the enjoy-
ment of all the rights and privileges of a Delegate,
it was apparent upon the face of it desired to pro-
long the contest as far as possible.
Mr, DAILY. A good deal has been said about
the hardships and expense of this contestant being
very great indeed. Having come here with a cer-
tificate obtained by bribery, but kept outside the
House because his own Governor, ascertaining
that lie had been imposed upon by frauds and arti-
fices, had revoked what he had done; he then
comes whining because he was not permitted to
reap the advantage of bis own fraud, and wrang-
ling about the sitting member being permitted to
enjoy the benefits of the seat for this length of
time. Why, sir, his standing with the Committee
of Elections in trying the case upon its merits was
precisely the same as if he had been the sitting
member and I the contestant. Well, sir, the gen-
tleman was here as a contestant on one other occa-
sion. He did not succeed; but as it is rather hard
times in Nebraska, and he received $2,600 in the
shape of compensation and mileage, I doubt if he
could have made more in any other business.
[Laughter.] If he could, ho certainly would hsve
had to go to some other place than Nebraska to
make it.
But the gentleman talks about referring this mat-
ter back to the people and letting them decide it.
Wo have got to go to the people there, next Octo-
ber, and I shall take pleasure in meeting my friend
there upon the hustings. He need not be in such
a hurry.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question in reference to apoint which he
has passed. I understood him to say that Mr.
Morton had received $2,600 on a former occasion.
Mr. DAILY. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What did you get?
Mr. DAILY. I am glad that the gentleman has
asked that question, for it gives me the opportu-
nity of meeting the charge which I heard of many
times in Nebraska, that" I received §500 more in
the shape of mileage than Mr. Morton did, when
the fact is I received $300 less than be did. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I do not want to be interrupted at
every tmn of this matter.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman will answer
the question.
Mr. DAILY. I decline to yield any further.
This matter of the certificate is not in this ques-
tion. The contestant and myself stand hero this
day to be tried on the merits of the issues between
us. The question to be decided by this House is
as to who absolutely has a majority of the bona
fide voters of the Territory of Nebraska? Even
if I had received the certificate through fraud—
which 1 most positively deny, and hurl back in
the teeth of whoever may make it—yet that fails
to decide the question whether the contestant or
myself received the largest number of votes cast
by the people of that Territory at. that election.
That matter of the certificate ought not to be
brought here to-day, and it ought liot to have any
influence in reference to our decision upon the
merits of this case. If Congress erred in the mat-
ter at all in giving me a seat on that certificate—
and on that question lawyers disagree, some stat-
ing that the certificate was a good one, and others
that it was not—if Congress erred in that respect,
what does it all amount to? If they decide to-day
that I am entitled to occupy a seat upon this floor,
then it turns out all right, as it ought to. But the
contestant complains that the seat was not given
to him after he had obtained a fraudulent return
of fraudulent votes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Thegentleman liasmade
a statement which does great injustice to this
House, and which I say is not sustained by the
facts. The sitting member, at the last sitting of
Congress, in the shape of mileage, did draw $500
more than Mr. Morton.
Mr. DAILY. In regard to that statement of the
gentleman from Illinois, I will say that, at the last
session of Congress, I drew mileage as other mem-
bers drew their mileage, without a settlement with
the committee or any body else. Many members
of the House overdrew upon the mileage account
and had to return the excess, just as I did, and
just as the gentleman from Illinois did.
Mr. JOHNSON. I protest against the gentle-
man leaving the impression that members of this
House fraudulently drew more mileage than they
were entitled to. It is not true.
Mr. DAILY. I do not understand thatit was
settled mileage. I knew well enough, and the Scr-
geant-at-Arms know well enough, that if I or any
other member of this House overdrew on the
mileage account, it would all be made right when
the accounts came to be settled, which was not the
case at that time. The fact is, when my mileage
was fixed by the Committee on Mileage and a set-
tlement was made, that I drew less than the con-
testant. I had no settlement before that time. I
want that fact to be distinctly understood.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not propose to inter-
fere in this debate with any purpose of embarrass-
ing the sitting Delegate. As a question of fact is
raised, I hope that the chairman of the Committee
on Mileage will let the House know exactly how
it stands.
Mr. DAILY. There is no question of fact. No
man here has said or can say that upon the settle-
ment of my accounts I have drawn more mileage
than the Committee on Mileage said I was entitled
to. I will request the member from New York,
[Mr. Frank,] who is on the Mileage Committee,
to state the facts.
Mr. FRANK. As I am requested to state the
facts in regard to the mileage, with the permis-
sion of the House I will explain. At the extra
session of Congress in July, there was no meet-
ing of the Committee on Mileage, and no state-
ment was rendered by members as to the distance
from their respective places of residence to this
city. The members drew such an amount of
money as the Sergeant-at-Arms saw lit to pay, he
being guided, as to mileage, by the amounts drawn
by their predecessors. The amount paid cach mem-
ber was charged in their account with the Sergeant-
at-Arms, both salary and mileage. Afterwards,
during the present session, the Committee on
Mileage regulated the whole matter and fixed pre-
cisely the amount of mileage to which each mem-
ber was entitled. The amount of salary, together
with the amount of mileage allowed each mem-
ber, lias been credited during the presentsession,
and the amount drawn at previous times, both for
salary and mileage, deducted. A very loose way
had grown up in this House in regard to mileage
of its members—each one seeming to take such
an amount as he saw fit, former committees pay-
ing little regard to the distance, more or less.
The present committee have seen fit to investi-
gate the matter, and in many cases the distance
has been materially reduced, and members who
drew on their old mileage at the July session, re-
ceived a larger amount than the committee have
seen fit to allow. All has been arranged by set-
tlement with the Sergeant-at-Arms, he retaining
from the amount due any excess that was over-
drawn in July. I state this fact,not onlyin jus-
tice to the sitting member, but to many other
members of the House, who, at the extra session
in July, and before the distance was regulated by
the Committee on Mileage, drew more than the
committee was willing to allow.
Mr. DAILY. I ask my friend from New York
to state whether the contestant paid back any part
of the mileage he drew at the last session of Con-
gress, also the facts as to his mileage ?
Mr. FRANK. I will state as I remember the
facts. After the House decided in favor of the
sitting member, the contestant requested the Com-
mittee on Mileage to report his distance, in order
that he might draw the pay and mileage voted him
by the House.
In a written statement made to the committee,
he stated he was unable to give the distance, and
asked to be allowed the same distance as had been
allowed the sitting member at the last Congress.
The committee, upon investigation, reduced the
distance asked by the contestant in his communi-
cation several hundred miles. That was at the
July session, and no statement had been made by
the sitting member. Upon fuither investigation,
the Committee on Mileage reduced the distance
still more, so that the sitting member received a
considerable amount less for mileage than had
been received by the contestant.
Mr. DAILY. Did the contestant ever pay
back any portion of the amount?
Mr. FRANK. He never paid it back, to my
knowledge. 3
Mr. ROBINSON. My recollection is about
this: as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Frank] has stated, there was no meeting held by
the Committee on Mileage at the first or extra ses-
sion of this Congress. The sitting Delegate from
Nebraska drew mileage on his own statement, and
the contestant also made a statement of what he
supposed to be the distance between Washington
and the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. DAILY. I made no statement.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not know whether the
gentleman made a statement or not; but he went
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, and drew mileage on his
own motion. I do not know whother he drew
mileage on his own statement. If he did not draw
it upon his own statement, I do not know upon
whose statement lie could have drawn it. The
committee stated to the Sergeant-at-Arms that per-
haps it would be proper for him to pay the mem-
bers the amount of mileage drawn by their pre-
decessors, and that we would make a report at
this session regulating the whole matter. The
sitting Delegate, I presume, drew the same amount
of mileage that he had previously been in the habit
of drawing. The contestant made a statement of
the distance in his application for mileage, and
he made it two hundred and fifty miles shorter
than the committee themselves had made it. lie
made it up from a railroad guide-book. The sit-
ting Delegate drew §500 more mileage than the
Committee on Mileage allowed him; butitisonly
right to say that he was not the only member who
overdrew on his mileage account.
Mr. DAILY. We have had enough of this
mileage question. It does not enter into the merits
of this case at all, any more than the discussions
which have taken placc about the certificate.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to speak now about the evi-
dence in regard to the L'eau-qui-court precinct. It
was said by the eloquent gentleman from Indiana
that the census only showed one hundred and fifty-
two men, women, and children there, including sev-
enteen Indians. The fact is in regard to this matter
that the census was taken in 1860, and the act or-
ganizing the Territory of Dakota was not passed
until March, 1861; so thegentleman on this point
is entirely mistaken, and his whole argument turns
out to be based on false premises. In his argument
in regard to the certificate, which he charged with
being a forgery, he said that that forgery tainted
and affected the whole case. Let me apply the
same rule to the gentleman himself. If he makes
an argument that the northern precinct of L'eau-
qui-court county was at the time a part of Dakota
Territory, and it turns out that Dakota Territory
was notorganized until March, after this election
took place, what sort of reliance can be placed upon
thegentleman'sargumentwhen he has committed
so great an error ?
Now, in regard to my not admitting the evi-
dence of Captain Todd before the committee, i
desire to have the attention of the House but one
moment. It is true that the contestant offered to
introduce Captain Todd before the Committee of
Elections and have him sworn in regard to the
evidence in this case. I want to state the connec-
tion that Captain Todd had with this case, and
then I will leave itto any gentleman to say whether
I should have submitted to his examination. I
