io m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
~ Mr BINGHAM demanded the previous ques-
U.C
mMr^A.'CONKLINO caffed for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill-
the yeas and nays were noM-ndued.
Mle'BINGHAMmovcd to reconsider devote
ivjj. i.p«olution was passed; and also
ssft-r ;;. s.. s.  .h.««..
The latter motion was nQteed o.
excused from committee service.
Ml- DUNN I ask the consent of the House
to be excused from further service on the Com-
mit^ on the Militia. I am already on two other
C°ThTre was no objection; and it was so ordered.
excuse for absence.
Ml- PORTER 1 wish to state that during the
receiU roll-call I was absent ana witness in court.
judicial courts.
n/I.. MAYNARO, by unanimous consent, in-
idaKeni the act entitle,] "An not
irouuc _ i, • i courts of the Urn led States;
to establis 1 ju - d second time, and referred
which was read a 111 St a mo
to the Committee on the Judicial y. ,
diplomatic system.
Mr. TR. AIN by u n-yTBriSGl'o"1. i\ !od
" A, aCrto ,'iulate the diplomatic and consular
system of the Unit,-d States;" winch was read a
fiTTr.nTRATN\nov«;'l that it be refeired to the
C Mrcoxl^'haut be referred to tho Com-
mittee on Foreign Allans.
The latter motion was anient to.
ItAIIJtO\I)S IN MISSOURI.
ivt„ nnrMAN I ask the unanimous consent
on& S IO t'nke UP -he message from the
Senate on the joint resojut.on m relation to cei-
u i ai oads I Missouri, to uimt on its dis-
agreement, and as.-ee to the committee of confer-
enc.e asked for by the Senate.
There was no objection, and it was so ordeied.
STAFF OFFICERS OF THE UN IT ED STATUS ARMY.
s"   
the stall attached to divisions
oAhe A^'tiiy1 of the United States, regular and vol-
unteer, n, order that it may be put on its passa-e.
It is important that it should be considered at
""There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time. .
Mr BLAIR, of Missouri. I am mlormed that
there'is ijrcat necessity for the passage ol this
bill. It has passed the Senate with Rreat unanim-
ity and I have been requested to call it up and
nut'it on its passage by those most inteiested in it
mean Tl/e generals themselves Jt does not
create any new offices, but permits the detailing ot
officers Xrlr-^-C^di^sio
km)W,'a^re0indispensable^^tOj^the efficacy of the
AMi^'McPFlERSON.r" I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question, and to yield to
"Mr! BLAIR,' of Missouri. I yield to the gen-
11 MrnMePFIERS0N. Mr. Speaker, I have had
no lime carefully to consider the pending bill, am ,
indeed,! did not know, as it has notl.eui pun ed,
that there was such a measure likely Ujbe called up
by the chairman of the Committee onM itai y Af-
fairs. I have only heard the bill read by the Clerk, |
and I do not know that I have caught all of its pi o-
visions. As 1 understand it, it provides that al- i
though a division commander may have only two
brigades under him, he sha 1 have a much more
numerous stair, and one higher in rank and pay
than at present. The assistan adjutant general is
now only a captain, but this b.ll pioposes o make
• frm-h division commander,although
nma ma 0. L*t*« blades. IS to be allowed
ho liidv only Jiavt iwu ^ 0 _
three aids-de-eamp, ranking as captains, instead
of two, ranking as lieutenants, as at present; and
there are other features which have escaped my
memory.
I think that the gentleman is mistaken when
he says that this bill does not create any new of-
fices. In the volunteer service, to which this bill
applies, the practice is, when any officers from the
line are appointed on staff duty, to have their
places in the line filled, so that there will be addi-
tional officers and.considerable additional expense
under the provisions of this bill, if it be adopted.
The line officers in our volunteer regiments, who
are detailed for staff duty are, as 1 am informed-,
presumed by the War Department to have vacated
their positions in the line, which are immediately
filled.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This bill provides
expressly that their line positions shall not be
vacated.
Mr. McPHERSON. As I have already said,
I have not had an opportunity to examine this
hill. I think, however, that it does, and as I be-
lieve unnecessarily, increase the number of offi-
cers, the rank, and of course the pay of the class
to whom it applies.
As to the necessity for this measure, there may
fairly be difference of opinion. I do lfot think
that any of our generals, so far as I have seen,
have been retmded in their operations by the want
of staff officers; and under this bill you will have
an increase of officers whether the division be in
active service or not,and whether the division con-
sists of two brigades or more. I ask, therefore,
in order that the House may look into this ques-
tion, that its further consideration be postponed
until Thursday next, and that the bill be ordered
to he printed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am perfectly will-
ing- that, that comse shall be pursued. There are
few provisions in the bill, and they are easily un-
derstood. It is indispensably necessary to have an
adjutant general for every division, and the only
question is, whether he shall rank as captain or
as major. So, also, is an mspcctorgeneral neces-
sary, and his rank is that of major at this time.
I now renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. McPlIKRSON. Has my motion been
received >
The SPEAKER. It has.
The, previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof (he further consideration of the
bill was postponed until Thursday next.
advances by ti1k states.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent to
lake from the speaker's table Senate jointresolu-
lution declaratory of the intent and meaning of a
certain act therein named.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
taken up, and read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. PORTER. It will be recollected, Mr.
Speaker, that at the last session we passed an act
providing for paying the States the expenses in-
curred by them for clothing and other supplies
furnished the tioops from those States. It was sup-
posed by evei y member of the House that provis-
ion was made for the payment not only of expenses
previously inclined by the States, but those which
mi^ht afterwards be incurred; but the Secretary
of the Treasury has interpreted the aet to provide
only for the payment of expenses incurred prior
to its passage. This Senate resolution directs that
it shall be so interpreted as to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred not only prior to the
passage of the act of last .session, but for those
incurred since. I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to the resolution, and I therefore demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was oidered to
be read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third t-ime, and passed.
pennsylvania contested-election case.
Mr. DAWES. At the request of the parties,
I give notice that I will to-moirow call up the con-
tcstcd-clection case of Kline vs. Verrec. The re-
ports are printed, and gentlemen will save delay
m the House by getting and reading them.
K1CX1ARD B. JONES.
Mr. McKNIGMT. from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, made an adverse report in the case
of Richard B. Jones, late consular agent to Egypt;
which was laid upon the lable, and ordered to be
printed.
treaties with new mexican indians.
Mr. WATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the making of treaties
with the Navajo, Apache, and Utah Indian tribes
in New Mexico; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
law oe prize, etc.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back House
bill No. 279 to facilitate judicial proceedings in ad-
judications upon captured property, and for the
better administration for the law of prize, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
whenever any property captured as prize shall be
brought into any district of the United States for
adjudication, it shall be the duty of the prize com-
missioners for such district forthwith to receive,
seal, and safely keep the same, until process shall
be issued out of the court, under which the same
shall be placed in the custody of the marshal of
such district; and the prize commissioners shall,
at the time of taking possession, and from time to
time pending the adjudicjition, examine into the
condition of the property, and report to the court
if it or any part thereof be perishing or perisha-
ble, or deteriorating in value; andif it be so found
by the court, upon report or othef evidence, the
court may ouler an interlocutory sale thereof by
the United States marshal, and the deposit of the
gioss proceeds of such sale in the registry of the
court, to abide the final decree, whether a claim
to the property has or has not been interposed.
It shall be the furlhei duty of the prize commis-
sioners to receive from the prize master all the
papers and documents, and forthwith to proceed
to take the testimony of the witnesses prescribed
by law, pursuant to the rules and under the in-
terrogatories adopted by the court, and separately
from each other and unattended by counsel, and
the papers, documents, and testimony, securely
to seal with their seals, and, as soon as practica-
ble, deposit in the registry of the court; and there-
after, promptly and without unnecessary delay,
the court shall piocccd to hearing and adjudica-
tion.
Ail reasonable and proper claims and charges
for pilotage, towage, wharfage, storage, insur-
ance, and other expenses incident to the bringing
in and safe custody and sale of the property cap-
tured as prize, shall be a charge upon the same,
and having been audited and allowed by the court,
shall, in event of a decree of condemnation or of
restitution on payment of costs, be paid out of
the proceeds of any sale of the property, final or
interlocutory, in the custody of the court. In
case of a decree of restitution upon payment of
costs, where no sain has been made, such charges
and expenses shall constitute part of the costs to
be paid by the claimant. The prize commission-
ers, and also the district attorney, acting for the
United States, and the counsel for the captors,
shall be entitled to receive a just and suitable com-
pensation for their several and respective services
m each piize case or proceeding; and the same
shall be adjusted and determined by the couit
upon due consideration of the facts and circum-
stances of each case and of the services actually
rendered therein; and when so adjusted, shall, in
case of final condemnation or restitution on pay-
ment of costs, be paid out of the proceeds of the
prize property in the custody of the court, or when
no sale has been made, m whole or in part, as the
court may direct, by the claimant. Whenevera
final decree of condemnation of property cap-
tured as prize shall have been made, unless an
interlocutory sale has been made as before pro-
vided for, the property shall be sold by.the Uni-
ted States marshal, pursuant to the practice and
proceedings m admiralty, and the gross proceeds
of such sale shall be forthwith deposited in court;
and thereupon the prize commissioners shall pro-
ceed, under the direction of the court, to take the
requisite evidence to determine the rights of par-
ties as distributees of such prize proceeds, and
report the same to the court; and as soon as piae-
ticabiu thereafter a final decree of distribution
shall be made, and within thirty days after the
