2966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
port; not putting them in hospitals, sick and
wounded, to be cared for; but soldiers who were
engaged in the active prosecution of wm\ They
quartered them, without the consent of the own-
ers, upon (he families of citizens, to be supported
and maintained as long as the Government chose
at the cost of the citizen and without his consent.
The Senator, to make his construction of the Con-
stitution good upon other clauses as well as this,
tortures tins into a clause which would prohibit,
if it wen: enforced, the taking of a rebel house to
be used for the purposes of a hospital, or the ap-
propriation of the house of any of our own citi-
zens for hospital purposes. Now, sir, if the Sen-
ator really believes that the cases he has cited are
within the purview of this clause of the Constitu-
tion, I certainly shall despair of ever producing
any impression upon him by any constitutional
argument I could enter into with him. And yet
I think it is a fair specimen of his interpretation
of all the clauscs of the Constitution upon which
he relies to establish hia claim of despotic power;
I will not say " slavish;" 1 will not, as was said
the other day, " banily words," but 1 will say a
claim of absolute and despotic power for a single
department of the Government.
The Senator claims that absolute and despotic
power for Congress in the conduct of the war, and
calls with something of an air of tiiumph upon
those of ns who deny it to point him to the lim-
itation which the Constitution imposes upon the
war powers of Congress. Mr. President, I have
always understood the Constitution of the United
Stall's io be a grant of powers. It is true there
are limitations. Its framers were not content with
simply withholding grants; but in some cases—
and that of confiscation was one—not con tent with
withholding a grant of power, the convention did
proceed to impose express limitations, and nega-
tived the possession and use of any such power.
It did so in several instances, liut, sir, the Con-
stitution instead of being a limitation upon the
powers of Congress in the sense in which the Sen-
ator speaks of it, is a grant of powers, and Con-
gress can exercise no power relating to war or
peace that is not expressly granted to it by the
Constitution.
And now, sir, I ask him, when he claims this
unlimited.nnd despotic power for Congress on the
conduct, of the. war, to point me to the grant of
power in the Constitution, and not content him-
gelfby turning with an air of triumph and saying
"gentlemen have pointed to no limitation in the
Constitution upon the war power." Where is
his giant of power? The only place that he pro-
fesses to find it, 1 believe, is here:
" .shrill Imve power to make all l:uvs v.'hkii shrill
ho iiecesbiiry niul proper for cm lying into execution the
foregoing poweiu"—
The puwers previously granted—
(< ami alt other jwwi-rs vi\ncd by thia Constitution in the
Government of the United tettntes, or in any department or
officer ilwrcof."
Mr. President, I nsk is it seriously contended
that the powers of Congress are one atom greater
by the insertion of this provision than they would
have been if it had never appeared in the Consti-
tution at all? When the Constitution makes a
specific grant of power to Congress, all power in-
cident to that, and necessary to the execution of
that, is granted with it; and this was only putting
in express language what, by every rule of con-
struction and according to every exposition that
has ever been given by any commentator upon
the Constitution, was implied before. It enlarges
and extends no power of Congress; it gives no
new substantive power; but itexpresses only what
was before implied, that when there had been a
grant of power, there went as an incident to it all
the powers necessary to ns execution; and yet
there is the only clause from which, I believe,
many of the powers that he claims are sought to
be derived.
The gentleman insists that the Constitution con-
fers upon Congress all the rights of war. I think
I do not state him too largely. He says, in ad-
dition to (hat, that all the powers that are granted
to the President by the Constitution may be used
by him in association with Congress; tlmt he has
no power which Congress may not, if it chooses,
associate itself with him in the exercise of. One
of the powers of war is the power to command the
Army. Does the Senator intend to be understood
as insisting thatCongress has theright and power,
under the Constitution, to take the actual com-
mand of the Army in the field ?'
Mr. WADE. To whom is that addressed ? To
me ?
Mr. BROWNING-. It was intended to be ad-
dressed to the Senator from Massachusetts, but
he was too much engrossed to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly did not hear.
Mr. BROWNING. I am perfectly aware you
did not. I will repeat it, for I nm anxious that
the Senator shall hear it. He asserts that all the
rights and powers of war are conferred on Con-
gress by the Constitution. Do I state him too
largely? 1 think not. One of the rights of war
and one of the powers of war is the right and
power to command the Army in the field in its act-
ive operations; and now, sir, I ask him if he ill-
tends to be understood as asserting that Congress
may, either by itself or in association with the
President, take charge of and control the active
operations of the Army in the field.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator serious in put-
ting the question ?
Mr. BROWNING. Unquestionably I am se-
rious.
Mr. SUMNER. So much of the Senator's ar-
guments, so much of his speeches, seem to run
into the impossible, it is so difficult to imagine
that any person can have such ideas and be in
earnest in urging them, that he must pardon me if
1 ask him if lie is serious when he puts the ques-
tion. The Senator knows very well that by the
Constitution of the United States the President is
Commander-in-Chief of the Army; but he also
knows very well, or lie ought to know, that by the
Constitution of the United States, Congress may
make all laws to regulate the duties and the powers
of the Commander-in-Chief. That is my answer
to the question.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I ask the
Senator whether he was serious when he asserted
that all the rights and powers of war were con-
ferred by the Constitution upon Congress, whether
he was serious when he further asserted that the
President possessed no power which might not
be used by him in association with Congress. I
am serious in asking these questions, for these are
doctrines which, in my judgment,are subversive
of every principle of free government, which tend
to establish, and which, if carried into legislation
and into operation, will establish the most odious,
despotic tyranny that the world ever saw.
1 do not intend to go any further into the argu-
ment, Mr. President. The Senator, repeating what
had previously been said by another Senator, that
the doctrine which had been advocated upon this
floor, that the President could not be controlled by
Congress in the exercise of the duties peculiarly
devolving upon him by the Constitution, has
chosen to characterize that as absurd and slavish
and deserving only of contempt, and I believe he
added, of execration. Mr. President, harsh and
vulgar words prove nothing but the passion and
malignity of him who uses them. They constitute
no argument; they deserve no answer.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise, Mr. President, to de-
tain the Senate for a few minutes in the discussion
of one single proposition which has been fre-
quently insisted upon during this debate respect-
ing confiscation that has run through so many
weeks of this session—1 mean the proposition
which asserts the absolute authority of the Pres-
ident of the United States as derived "from that pro-
vision of the Constitution which declares that he
shall be Commander-in-Chief of the Army and the
Navy and of the militia of the several States when
called into the actual service of the United States.
If 1 understand this proposition correctly, it may
be stated briefly thus: that in virtue of the clause
of the Constitution which I have recited, the Ex-
ecutive of the nation has the absolute, independ-
ent, irresponsible authority to control, use, and
employ the Army and the Navy of the United
States, and all the implements and instruments of
war, as lie pleases, not being in these regards'sub-
ject to the control of Congress in any degree, and
not being in any sense or degree responsible to
Congress for the exercise of this supposed power,
and not being subject to any legislation which the
two Houses of Congress may adopt in reference
to his authority.
The question which I propose to discuss as con-
nected with this proposition is, has Congress au-
thority under the Constitution to control and di-
rect the President in the application and use of the
military force of the nation in carrying on war,
and is he bound to apply and employ it as they
may direct? It is a simple question of power under
the Constitution. All will admit its magnitude
and importance. Should it-ever become a prac-
tical question,it will surpass all others in its bear-
ing upon the rights of Congress and the hbei ties
of the people. And it is therefore of the highest
moment that we should settle it, so far as we may
settle it, dispassionately and coirectly.
The only clause giving the President any au-
thority over the military force, is that which de-
clares that he "shall be the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States when called into the
actual service of the United States." No other
clause vests in him any authority whatever to com-
mand the forces, and if this had not been contained
in the instrument he could not, without an act of
Congress,havetakenthecommand in chieforany
command whatever. He would have been as
naked of the authority as one of us, or as any pri-
vate person, to use the military powers of the Gov-
ernment. All his power,in respect to that force,
would have been merely the ordinary power of
appointing the officers by and with the consent
of the Senate; not of controlling, directing, or in
any way meddling with them in the performance
of their duties. Congress, and Congress alone,
would have had the right of command. They
could not, indeed, have left their seats to go into
the field or on board of the public ships, to exer-
cise their authority; but to them in their seats, as
the law-making power, would have pertained the
exclusive right to command, control, and direct all
the operations of the Army and Navy, by proper
acts of legislation and by proper agents. And
these acts of legislation must, from the very neces-
sity of the case, from the very necessity of their
remaining in their seats while the forces were car-
rying on military operations by land or sea, have
conferred authority upon commanders to wield
and direct them. Thus would have arisen, nat-
urally and inevitably, the office of commander,
cither of the whole force or of parts of it. No one
can doubt that in such a state of things the com-
mander would have been perpetually subject to
every law or regulation Congress might make
respecting his mode of using and employing the
fosces, for he would be the mere creature of the
law, and all his duties,"of every description, the
more requirements of the law.
It is no answer to this to say that Congress
could not, sitting in their seats, and delayed and
embarrassed by debates and parliamentary rules,
direct the movements of armies in all their details.
Nor is it an answer to say that Congress could
not by a statute anticipate and in advance provide
for all the minute and unthougiit-of necessities oi
a march, a retreat, a battle, a victory, or a defeat.
These impossibilities arc no answer; have no pos-
sible relation to the question whether Congress
would, in the absence of the clause, have author-
ity to control all military movements by control-
ling the agents who made them. It may be safely
taken as conceded that, in the absence of that
clause from the Constitution, Congress would have
the sole right to create the office of commander-
in-chief, and that the incumbent of it would be
bound to perform whatever Congress should pre-
scribe touching his duties and functions. The
proposition is, indeed, self-evident. Congress, in
creating the office, as they would be obliged to do
in order to carry on war, would necessarily define,
in terms more or less general, the functions of
the office. Like the office of a marshal or a judge,
the duties would be pointed out bylaw;and though
the terms in which the authority was conferred
were the most general and comprehensive—such
as A B is appointed commander-in-chief of the
Army and Navy, with power and authority to
prosecute the existing war—yet it is clear that he
would be lesponsible directly to Congress for every
act he should perform under the power granted,
and would be bound to wage the war according
to the recognized laws of war, and by the recog-
nized means of war, in all its details; and for
any deviation he would be responsible to Con-
gress.
Such being evidently the relation of a com-
mander-in-chief appointed by Congress in the ab-
sence of the clause, we must next inquire whether
the expression in the Constitution," shall be the
