1862.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2967
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, "im-
parts to the President an authority independent
of Congress, and for the exercise of which he is
wholly irresponsible to them, to command, use,
and employ those forces. In other words, whether
he is in this as free from the legislative power of
Congress as Congress is from his orders or instruc-
tions in their power to enact laws? Is he sover-
eign and independent? Has Congress no power
over him? Is he in law irresponsible for any act
he may do in using the A*rmy and Navy in car-
rying on war? For this is the plain consequence
of the principle asserted, that he has everything
and Congress nothing to do in the use and employ-
ment of the military force and the means of carry-
ing on war. To establish this conclusion, it must
be shown that the word commander-in-chief, as
employed in the instrument, was intended to im-
ply this irresponsible, autocratic power. Is that
the meaning of the word as there used ? for we
have seen that without it the President would have
had no power. I take issue with the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] and the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who hold the affirm-
ative, and mainatin that such is not the meaning
of the word as there employed, and such is not the
intention of the Constitution. The meaning and
intention must be ascertained from the use of the
word and what it implied at the time the Consti-
tution was framed. This is a rule of interpreta-
tion too well settled to be denied. Without it, no
Constitution, no statute, indeed no private instru-
ment can be understood or applied. A court of
justice always inquires what was meant by the
legislature or by the parties by the particular lan-
guage at the time it was used and m the place or
country where it was used. If it be capable of
more meanings than one, owing to changes of time
and place, they ever refer to the time and place of
the transaction in getting at the intention. This
rule of interpretation is fundamentaland universal.
No Constitution, no statute, no private instrument
could be understood or applied without a resort
to it.
What, then, were the military functions implied
b-y the term commander-in-chief in this country
at the time of the formation of the Constitution;
and what were his legal relations to the Congress ?
I commence with the first use of the term, and at
the initiation of the office—atitsorigin. The com-
mission of General Washington, dated June 17,
1775, was in the following words:
" In Congress.
"The delegates of the United Colonies of New Hamp*
shire, Massachusetts Bay,llhode Island, Connecticut, New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, the counties of New Cas-
tle, Kent, and Sussex, on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, and South Carolina:
" To George Washington, Esq.
" We, reposing special trust and confidence in your pa-
triotism, valor, conduct, and fidelity, do by these presents
constitute and appoint you to be general and commander-
in-chief of the army of the United Colonies, and of all the
forces now raised or to be raised by them, and of all others
who shall voluntarily offer their service, and join the said
army for the defense of American hbeity, and for repelling
every hostile invasion thereof. And you aie hereby vested
with full power and authority to act as you shall think for
the good and welfare of the service.
*c And we do hereby strictly charge and require all offi-
cers and soldiers under your command to be obedient to your
orders, and diligent in the exercise of their several duties.
" And wo do also enjoin and require you to be careful in
executing the great trust reposed in you, by causing strict
discipline and order to be observed in the aimy, and that
the soldiers be duly exercised and provided with all con-
venient necessaries.
li And you are to regulate your conduct in every respect
by the rules and discipline of war, (as herewith given you,)
and "—
I desire the attention of my friend from Illinois
to this clause in Washington's commission—
" punctually to observe and follow such orders and direc-
tions from time to time as you shall receive from tkii or a
future Congress of these United Colonies, or committee of
Congress.
"This commission to continue in force until revoked by
this or a future Congress.
" By order of Congress."
Mr. BROWNING. The Senator will permit
me to suggest what cannot have escaped his at-
tention, that that can be no possible authority for
our proceedings under a Constitution, that having
been done ata time when we had no Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Illinois
will wait until I approach that branch of my sub-
ject, he may, perhaps, take occasion to review his
opinions upon that particular point
cause the Senator called my special attention to
the reading of that.
Mr. HOWARD. I am now speaking of the
intent and meaning of the words " Commander-
in-Chief of the Army of the United States," as
used originally by the Continental Congress.
It will be seen from this that though Washington
received authority as u Commander-in-Chief," he
was expressly subjected to all the orders and di-
rections of the Continental Congress. His author-
ity was simply that of their military agent, liable
at any moment to be altered, modified, or revoked.
Though they had the utmost confidence in his
patriotism, his judgment, and skill as a commander
in the field, they still, as the journal of their pro-
ceedings shows, continued throughout the war to
exercise, by their committees and other agents ap-
pointed by them, the right of regulating and con-
trolling the details of the service. And no one can
fail to see that every act of the army and of every
portion of the army, was by the authority of the
Congress, and not by any independent authority
of the commander-m-ehief. Every movement of
the armed force was by and under the authority
of the Continental Congress, and the commander-
in-chief was perpetually and immediately respons-
ible to them for every act he did, for every order
he gave. His commission of course allowed him
broad discretionary powers; but this discretion
was immediately derived from the Congress, and
subject to its control in every particular and at all
times. This is undeniable.
It is easy to see from this that the bestowment
of the title of commander-in-chief did not and
could not in any way affect the power of Congress
to control all military operations whenever they
might see fit. The power to do so resided in them
by the consent of the colonies, and whatever he
did was purely by their authority, and was, in a
legal sense, their act.
Such was the relation ofthecommander-in-chicf
to the Continental Congress. General Washing-
ton continued to actunder that commission down
to the close of the war, in 1783. But in the mean
time the Articles of Confederation of 1778 were
entered into, and by these the new Congress were
expressly authorized to appoint all officers of the
land forces, except regimental officers, and ail of-
ficers of the naval forces; and to commission all
officers in the servicc of the United States; and
also to make rules for the "government and regu-
lation of the said land and naval forces, and di-
recting their operations.99
So cautious and distrustful were the States,
touching the authority of their generals, that al-
though Washington himself was at the head of
their armies, they admonished even him in the
very commission he bore that he was to observe and
follow the orders of the Congress; and when they
proceeded, three years afterwards, to establish a
more formal and regular Government,in the shape
of the Confederation, they, in express terms, re-
tained in Congress the power of directing the
operations of all the military forces.
And this caution was salutary; this distrust was
characteristic of their love of civil liberty. No
men knew better than they the case with which,
in times of public danger and popular commotion,
an ambitious military commander breaks away
from his duty to the State and slips into the char-
acter of a despot, uniting in himself all the func-
tions of the Government. They took good care
not to leave to inference or argument the question
of the subordination of the commander-in-chief
to the Congress in the employment of the armed
force, but, from abundant caution, expressed it in
plain terms. I say, from abundant caution, on
this very point. Article nine of these Articles ex-
pressly authorized the Congress to " appoint a
commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy."
The power granted by this clausc was from its
very nature the same as that granted by the cor-
responding clause in the Constitution of the United
States framed nine years after. By its very terms
it took from each of the States all power to appoint
a Icommander of the Confederate forces and gave
it'to the Congress. It subjected the troops of every
State to the orders of that commander as com-
pletely as the present Constitution does. So that
it is unnecessary and inapt to refer the clause
" directing their operations" to the States, and to
treat it as a mere limitation of the power of the
States over their quotas of troops, or as being in-
tended to exclude such an interpretation of the
Articles as might lead them to dispute the power of
the commander-in-chief over their troops when
called out. The language is too plain to admit
of any such interpretation; for, while the States
themselves were expressly prohibited to " engage
in war without the consent of the Congress, (ex-
cept in cases of Indian hostilities or imminent dan-
ger from abroad, not admitting of their consulting
the Congress,) it is declared in the ninth Article
that "the United States in Congress assembled
shall have the sole and exclusive right and power
of determining on peace and war." The Congress
possessed the sole and exclusive war-making
power. And the States wore, by another Article,
plainly deprived of the power of appointing any
officers of the Confederate troops, except those of
or under the rank of colonel. With these plain
provisions in the Articles, no one could have been
so blind and perverse as to urge that, if the phrase
" directing their operations" had been left out, the
States could have set up any claim te interfere
with the orders of the commander-in-chief ap-
pointed by Congress. It was plainly not its office
to exclude such an interpretation, for, with the
other clauses in, such an interpretation could not
have occurred to the mind of any man of ordinary
sense and candor.
The clause must, then, be putto another and a
more natural use. It being absurd to treat it as
restraint upon the States against intermeddling
with the orders of the commander-in-chief, we
mustlook for itsapplicationelsewhere. And what
more natural and obvious use can we make of it
than to treat it as a direct admonition, inserted ex
industrial the articles addressed to thecommand-
er-in-chief, to the people, and to the world, that
the Congress still retained in their own hands the
power of controlling and directing, whenever they
should deem it necessary, every operation of the
Army and Navy, however minute; an admonition
to the commander-in-chief that they were at all
times his masters, that he derived all his authority
from them, and that he was directly responsible to
them for the use he should make of it on any and
all occasions? But whatever may have been the
object of inserting this clause in the Articles, the
fact of its being inserted, the great fact that Con-
gress, by express words, retained the power of
controlling the Army still remains; it remains as
a remonstrance uttered by the founders of the Re-
public against a military dictatorship.
In the face of this language, how vain and ridic-
ulous would have been the attempt of the com-
mander-in-chief to set up a claim that, under the
title given him by the Articles, of commander-in-
chief of the Army and Navy, he possessed, inde-
pendently of Congress, power to wield those forces
m all respects as he should see fit! And what stu-
dent of our revolutionary history fails to see that
but for this stern barrier, crccted by our fathers
against the ambition of military aspirants, and but
for the godlikevirtuesofWashingtonand the pres-
ervation of his life, our country would have been
the theater of military despotism and anarchy?
But for that barrier and those high virtues, the
whispers of military ambition in the ears of the
Conways, the Gateses, the Lees, would undoubt-
edly have impelled them to undertake the total
overthrow of liberty and the ruin of their coun-
try. Let not this solemn lesson of history fall un-
heeded upon our ears. We are now struggling to
maintain the rights and the liberties which were
then saved from shipwreck by means of the great
sheet-anchor of liberty—the subordination of the
military to the civil power. Yet, strange to say, we
are told by Senators in this Chamber that, under
the present Constitution, made only nine years
after that language was thus carefully inserted in
our political Constitution, that under that Consti-
tution, made by Washington and Madison and
Franklin and their compatnots, and approved by
the same States, we have installed over us a Com-
mander-in-Chief totally independent of us as to the
use he may make of the public forces. We are told
that he may use them in any manner, in any place,
and for any time he pleases; furnish them with
whatever implements, good or bad, he pleases;
may order them here or order them there; may
enter into any arrangements he pleases with the
enemy; may, while m the field, give up any con-
quest he has made, upon any terms he chooses;
may surrender all our forts and strong places; and
may, indeed, surrender up to the enemy the whole
Army and the whole Navy, should he take the
