1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
200?
do not intend thisasany imputation upon Captain
Todd, but I only inform the House of what the
evidence shows in this case. I was about to state
what was stilted by one of these witnesses, Cox,
against whom the contestant does not pretend to
make any complaint as having been bought by
anybody or anything: of that kind. If he makes
any complaint of that kind, it should come from
him,and not from me, because I wantitdistinctly
understood in this House, that while all this evi-
dence was being taken I was in the city of Wash-
ington; while the contestant was there, where the
evidence was being taken, and that I never saw
any of these witnesses in my life, and never had
anything to do with them; that the evidence was
taken under the superintendence of Judge Conk-
ling, my attorney; that the bills were paid by
him; that he sent the bills to me, and that 1 sent
him the money.
The evidence is, that this man Cox came down
to Omaha, accidentally, from Dakota Territory at
the time this evidence was being taken; that Mor-
ton found out that he lived in the Territory, and
asked him to stay over a few days in order that
he might be examined; than he paid his expenses
to get him to stay, and that when he was so paid,
he was examined. And what did he say ? He is
the strongest witness there is showing the fraud.
What did he say? He said he was at the elec-
tion, that he voted there; and he states that after
these men had voted by putting ballots in for ab-
sent friends all over the country—among whom
was one lame nigger fiddler, living one hundred
and fifty miles away in Iowa, who voted for my
friend Mot-ton—and I believe he will not say that
we allow negroes to vote in our Territory—he
says that after these men had deposited ballotsfor
absent friends, which they continued to do until
four or five o'clock, the sutler at the Yancton res-
ervation said to the judges of the election and to
Captain Todd, " I guess we have got about votes
enough to elect Morton," and they replied, " I
suppose so." This was said to Captain Todd.
They then closed the ballot-box, and Todd got
into the wagon and went home. And now the
contestant wants Todd to be brought here to be
examined before the committee. Isubmittoany
member of this House whether he would submit
to anything of that kind? Would any man of
reason and sense do it? I tell you that the sys-
tem of fraud in Nebraska has been reduced by the
Buchanan administration to a science. Yes, sir;
they had before gone out in to Wisconsin and Min-
nesota and Kansas and reduced it to a science
there, and I tell you our hands in the Territory
were no novices in the matter. You remember
how it was in Izard county, where it was proved,
after traveling all over it, that there was not even
a white man or an Indian, nor any living thing
found, but one gray wolf, [laughter;] and still the
bogus returns of this county were traced, with
almost unerring certainty, to the door of the Sec-
retary of the Territory, or very near to that place.
These are facts; but now there are no returns
from Izard county or from Calhoun county, for
lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
[Laughter.]
A Voice. Who was then Secretary of the
Territory ?
Mr. DAILY. Mr. Morton was then Secretary
of the Territory, and I had him subpenaed to ap-
pear as a witness in that case, but he did not come.
And I want to tell the members of this House that
there is a great defect in the law regulating con-
tested-election cases. The only penalty you can
inflict upon a witness is a fine of twenty dollars.
You may subpena witnesses,but as the only pun-
ishment you can inflict is a fine of twenty dollars,
wkich they can easily scrape up, they will stay
away. So they did in my contcat with Easta-
brook, and so they do whenever they choose.
There was evidence which, if I could have got at
it, would have sent these men to the penitentiary,
if Congress would only give us money with which
to build one. As it is, we would have to keep
them under guard, and they are not worth guard-
ing. I will say that Congress would save a great
deal if they would give us money to build a pen-
itentiary, for that would cost much less than it
will to guard all these perjured witnesses in con-
tested-election cases in Nebraska. [Laughter.]
Gentlemen allege that because Judge Corikling
paid these two witnesses $150 for coming two
hundred and fifty miles, over the snows, when
they were over sixty days making the trip, it is
clear evidence that they were giving perjured test-
imony.
The gentleman from Ohio upon the other side of
the House commenting upon this evidence where
Westerman swore that he had made no arrange-
ment with me whatever in reference to witnesses or
anything of that kind, says that this was a very
strange thing that a man would act for justice and
party merely without being paid. So you see
gentlemen will have it that if witnesses are paid
they swear to a lie, and if they are not paid, of
course they swear to a he. That is very strange.
That is just the manner in which this evidence
has been attacked.
Now, I want to put it to the common sense of
every member of the House, if there was a pop-
ulation of good and reliable men to the amount of
122 voters in the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-
court county, do you not believe that Morton could
have found some one of them to testify to these
facts? I have no doubt he could have done it,
and he does not pretend in his heart of hearts to
deny that this was an absolute fraud, gotten up
entirely out of whole cloth.
There have been a great many things said in re-
gard to this man Dundy, a friend of mine, with
whom I am intimately acquainted, for the purpose
of injuring his character in this House. A more
high-minded, more intelligent, more reliable, and
more honorable man, does not live than this man
Dundy. But he did not, I believe, knuckle to the
Buchanan Administration, and there is the sin. If
he had praised Buchanan and Breckinridge at the
proper time, and the Buchanan and Breckinridge
men, such as the marshal of the Territory and
Deseonde, the brother-in-law of Beauregard, and
all the leaders they appointed, he would have been
treated differently. When those men I have men-
tioned went olf South to join the southern army,
my friend Morton, who acted with them up to
that time, struck off and came to Congress to con-
test a seat, thinking he could make more money
by coming heie than by going there; and now ho
pitches into the former Governor of the Territory,
who is now at the head of his regiment in Mc-
Clellan's army.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
gentleman from Nebraska as casting the slightest
suspicion, by imputation even, upon the loyalty
and devotion to his country of the contestant here?
Mr. DAILY. I have only this to say. I do
not like to make any charges, and I never would
have made a charge in this whole case, but would
have gone through itlike a gentleman, if they had
treated me so. But having no merit in their case,
they were forced, in order to make a fight against
me at all, to travel outside of the case, and cast im-
putations upon me. And now I will say that I
will make no charge upon the contestant here, but
I will do this, may it please the gentleman from
Illinois, 1 will put him in the hands of his present
Democratic friends now remaining in the Terri-
tory, and I believe the Democrats upon this floor
can vouch for his Democracy. I believe the gen-
tleman from Ohio who is now looking at me can
vouch for the Democracy of Mr. Blacltman, for-
merly of Ohio, and now of Nebraska City.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman refer to me?
Mr. DAILY. I do.
Mr. COX. He left my district some four years
ago, and I do not know what his political status is.
If he is a friend of the gentleman, I am a little
afraid of him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAILY. That is begging the question.
He is not a political friend of the gentleman, but
he was a member of the convention that nomi-
nated my friend Morton as a candidate for Dele-
gate to this House, and he has written me a letter
which he says I am at liberty to use, in which he
declares that Morton's sympathy with the south-
ern traitors is known and read of all men, that lie
would not trust him in any place or at any time,
and that he is sorry to say that he voted for him
| as Delegate. Mr. Blackmail is now a captain in
' the Union Army. He has taken the other shoot.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MOltTON. Mr. Speaker, if the sitting
member will permit me to make a remark here,
this is a very serious charge.
Mr. DAILY. I do not make any charge. I
leave the gentleman in the hands of his own polit-
ical friends.
Mr. MORTON. It is one which I did not ex-
pect to hear either upon this floor or any whereetse.
I have simply to say this, that towards the close
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, when the nation
itself seemed in the convulsions of dissolution,
when amid the roar and din of assembling1 armies,
I heard the voice of the venerablegentlcman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] sounding calmly
and grandly over and above all the-terrible tumult,
saying unto the waves of sectional strife, "Peace,
peace, be still," I caught the words and echoed
them even upon the far-off prairies of Nebraska.
If that may have been disloyalty, then i am dis-
loyal; if that may have been treason, I am proud
to be called a traitor—a Crittendek traitor.
Mr, DAILY. Will the gentleman close with
prayer? [Laughter.] I will send up the letter to
be read, that it may be seen that I do not make the
charge, and I will say that I have got other letters,
all from reliable Democrats, and men who were
members of the convention which nominated the
contestant.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to the reading
of that letter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman has got
any charges to make, let him assume the respons-
ibility of them. I object to the reading
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to read anything during his time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not if it is per-
sonal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to have the letter read during his time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not if it is per-
sonal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not know
that it is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. He has already
stated the fact.
Mr. DAILY. I vvill not insist upon the read-
ing since it is objected to so strongly. [Loud cries
of " Read it."] Let it be read, then.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the House has been
sufficiently disgraced with this scene already, and
I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. DAILY. As there is objection to the read-
ing of the letter, I withdraw it. I have no desire—
God knows it is the furthest thing from my heart
—to enter into this hard and, I must say, ungen-
tlemanly sort of controversy. But it was said by
the contestant before the Committee of Elections,
most pointedly and positively, that he did not
charge me in any manner whatever with having
any connection with anything wrong with regard
to any certificate; but as soon as the minority re-
port comcs out, then th«y say it is very hard that
Mr. Daily was connected with the matter of the
giving of the second certificate, and cast insinua-
tions that there was something wrong in the giv-
ing of the second certificate, and the eloquent gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] said that
it contaminated my whole case. Now, I say that
I can come back upon them with charges that are
sustained by their own political friends; but as
there is objection made 1 will not do it. 1 will
pass from that matter.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman—and I am certainly entitled to
it, for I tried to be courteous to the gentleman yes-
terday—that will bring the mind of thegentleman,
and perhaps of the rest of us, back to a point of
some materiality and importance to this case. It
has been suggested to me, and I concur in its
propriety. I want to ask the gentleman from Ne-
braska how his name came to be placed, instead
of Mr. Morton's, on the roll of this House by the
late Clerk ?
Mr. DAILY. Yes, sir. •" ,
Mr. VOORHEES. Whether it was by his sug-
gestion and procurement, or otherwise ?
Mr. DAILY. Mr. Speaker, I will take the
greatest pleasure in telling just how it was done,
if it will be of any benefit to anybody. I came
on here with that certificate, and, as I stated yes-
terday, I telegraphed the fact that I had the cer-
tificate, over the wires to New York, to one of the
leading papers there. In a few days I went to
Colonel Forney, then Clerk of this House, pre-
sented my certificate to him, and told him to read
it and consider whether it was proper or wrong;
and if proper, to put my name on the roll, and if
wrong, to put Mr. Morton's name on the roll. I
told lum Morton had another certificate, as he
