2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
would see by the reading of mine; but when he
read it, he said that a man who had been imposed
upon by f^ud had a right to correct his own act,
-as he thought Black had done in this case. Now,
that.is just the way in which my name came to
be put upon the roll, and by no other means.
My friends are very impatient, and I must
hurry to a conclusion. There are a great many
things with regard to this case which I would take
delight in talking about, because I tell you that it
reeks with the greatest fraud and chicanery and
trickery that ever was concocted in the darkest
hours of the night amid the infernal regions be-
low, or that ever could be concocted by Demo-
cratic officials under James Buchanan to carry the
day in the Territory, right or wrong. [Much
laughter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. I think the gentleman is
mistaken. I think that in Minnesota they beat
all Nebraska to death. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. Inasmuch as this line of
remark is indulged in, I shall say to gentlemen
upon the opposite side of the House that, with
this country filled and reeking from side to side
with frauds committed by lugh officials of the
present Administration, it comes with a bad grace
from them to say one word about frauds that have
been committed in times past.
Mr. DAILY. Oh, I hope those frauds are not
to be brought into this case. God knows there
was enough fraud in the Nebraska case on the
part of the contestant without bringing in all the
frauds about horse contracts. [Laughter.] I hope
this case will be decided upon the frauds commit-
ted in L'eau-qui-court county, and at other pre-
cincts. Why, sir, at the Pawnee reservation, in
Platte county, in Monroe precinct, eighteen voters
came up to vote for Morton, and when the judges
of ejection came to swear them as to whether they
wore residents of the county and precinct, what
did they do ? Why, they said, " Wo live over on
the Pawnee reserve, and if you will say that the
Pawnee reserve is in Platte county and m this
precinct wo will take the oath/' Well, they took
the oath with the proviso that the Pawnee leserve
was in the precinct. That was one way of get-
ting round it, and I submit that if it was not down-
right perjury, it would have been most certainly
if there had not been the condition in the oath,
because Whaley swears that the nearest line of the
reservation to the voting precinct was three miles
off. It is tried to be explained by the census—
that in thcYancton agency there are three hundred
persons, and at Vermillion two or three hundred
others; and it is said that a letter was written to
the head of the Census Bureau, and that he told
them so. What of that? Suppose there were one
thousand people living in Vermillion, or ten thou-
sand in Yancton reservation, what of that? It has
nothing to do with the northern precinct. It never
was in the Territory of Nebraska, but is across
the Missouri river, and in what has been always
known as Dakota Territory; and it has been in
Dakota Territory since it was organized in March,
J 861.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am constrained, out of
mercy to the House, so long bored by this case,
to close this argument.
Mr. DAWES moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the resolutions reported from the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the first vote is on the
amendment to the first resolution, to strike out
the word " not."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is correct.
Mr. DAWES. I claim the right to close the
debate.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman has that right.
Mr. DAWES. I know that the House is tired
and weary, not only of the day's work, but of the
case itsell; but there are some things in it which
itis due to the Committee of Elections that I should
notice. I propose to do so briefly, and at such
time as may be most agreeable to the House,
Mr. WADS WORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. DAWES. I have no choice on the sub-
ject. I do not ask the House to adjourn on my
account.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky ?
Mr. DAWES. I am in the position of consult-
ing the wishes of the House entirely. I have no
desirein the matter myself. I only want to speak
five minutes or so.
Mr. YOORHEES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield the floor for that motion ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I withdraw the motion. I
did not understand that the gentleman was going
to speak so briefly.
Mr. DAWES. Let the gentleman put the mo-
tion, if he desires.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the motion.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
concludes his argument to-night, I propose that
the vote be taken to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not. Let it be taken
to-day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I will insist
on a call of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I shall have no choice about
that. The first thing that I desire to call to the
attention of the House is the matter of the certifi-
cates. Touching the morality of that matter, I
wish to remark that, when all the facts touching
the issuance of cither certificate were fully known
to the Committee of Elections, us they arc now
known to the House, the contestant, then and
there, in the presence of the committee and of the
sitting member, cheerfully acquitted the sitting
member of all fault or wrong-doing, concerning
the manner in which his certificate was issued.
From that day until yesterday, it had not been
whispered in the hearing of any member of the
committee, to my knowledge, or of the sitting
member, to my knowledge, that there was to be
laid at his door the slightest reflection touching
the manner in which that certificate was given.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman whether
this is not a fact, inasmuch as allusion has been
made to what occurred m the committee, that in
the hearing of the gentleman himself, and of the
committee, I insisted on the line of argument I
adopted yesterday. That is: that the claim to a
scat here, on the part of the sitting member, hav-
ing "originated in a fraud, everything that he
brought foiward in support of it was tainted with
suspicion. I appeal to the House whether it did
not hear the gentleman from Massachusetts say
yesterday, that he knew well and was prepared
for the line of argument I adopted with reference
to the certificate, and whether that remark could
have had any other meaning than that he had
been prepared for it by me?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; the gentleman from
Indiana did say in committee, that although the
silting member was not implicated in the fraud,
it was a fradulent title-deed to his place 
Mr. VOORHEES. One word more  ,
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will let meget
through with my statement. And because he was
insisting on this title-deed, that appeared to be
fraudulent, the gentleman from Indiana claimed
that it vitiated and tainted his whole case. Yes-
terday was the first time I over heard from the
lips of any member of the committee anything to
connect the sitting member with any fault or
wrong-doing in the issuance of this certificate.
But the gentleman ftom Indiana did say that his
title-deed was fiaudulent, and insisted that this
was a circumstance that required us to look closely
into all the evidence; and in that I agreed with him.
Now, why did I say yesterday I was prepared
foi; the line of argument adopted by the gentle-
man ? 1 looked into the minority report drawn up
by the gentleman from Indiana, and saw that he
had put into that minority report affidavits taken
in Dakota Territory outside of this case—taken
by parties who knew nothing of the existence of
this case—taken without notice to either of the
parties, and put into the hands of this contestant
by a third party; which affidavits it was said by
all the members of the committee—and as I under-
stand without objection from anybody—were not
legal testimony. I saw that the gentleman had put
into that report a recital of the minutes of testi-
mony taken in another case.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. DAWES. Not now.
Mr. VOORHEES. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts refuse to yield?
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield till I get
through with my statement.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not know when you
will get through.
Mr. DAWES. I will inform the gentleman
when I get through.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman's statement
requires correction at a certain point, and I desire
to correct it. I treated the gentleman courteously
yesterday.
Mr. DAWES. I am sure the gentleman treated
me with all due courtesy; but I do not thmk that
requires of me to stop in the middle of my state-
ment, in order to let the gentleman put in his ex-
planation. When I get thorough, I will let him
have an opportunity to explain. I was saying,
Mr. Speaker, that when I saw, in addition to the
putting in of such affidavits as these without the
slightest intimation that they were rejected by the
committee, that there were recited in this minor-
ity report as a part of the testimony taken by the
committee, the minutes of testimony taken in an-
other case, when neither of the parties were pres-
ent or had anything to do with it, I said to my-
self that the line of argument would be one rather
holding us responsible for this act of Governor
Black than an argument on the merits of the case.
I will now hear my friend with all patience.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I call the
attention of the House to the admission the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has made,, that I did
insist in committee that this fraudulent certificate
tainted with fraud the sitting Delegate from Ne-
braska tainted his case from beginning to end. Is
it not, then, most extraordinary that he, under-
standing that I did insist upon that, supposed that
in taking that position I made no charge upon the
sitting Delegate as a party to the fraud ? It is cer-
tainly most extraordinary that the gentleman from
Massachusetts should suppose that for some other
man's fraud, to which the sitting Delegate was no
party, I would visit upon him the penalty of the
fraud. The fact is that I insisted throughout, as
I have insisted here, that he came here bringing
a forged certificate, bearing upon its face palpable
evidence of forgery, as I am willing to submit to
any man in the House who will examine it, as I
did yesteulay. I said that whatever instrument-
ality he had in uttering it, he made himself a
party to the forgery in presenting it and obtain-
ing his seat upon it. I said that being thus in the
first instance a party to the fraud, everything con-
nected with it was tainted with suspicion; that the
effect must be to cast a doubt upon all the sub-
sequent proceedings on the part of the sitting
member.
Mr.RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts permit me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. I could not very well. I believe
I have had no controversy with the gentleman
from Illinois, and therefore cannot have misrep-
resented him. Now, sir, I have given the gentle-
man from Indiana time to make his statement,
and I will not allude to the subject further.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to ask a single question. I will not
take a single moment.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield further. Now,
sir, the gentleman from Indiana has made broadly
the charge that the certificate of the sitting Dele-
gate was a forgery, and he has made the charge
upon the strength of an affidavit, an affidavit, I
am informed, drawn for the affiant and brought to
him by the contestant. He was requested to copy,
and having copied it and sworn to it, upon reflec-
tion , finding that he had been betrayed into a state-
ment too strong in reference to it, sought to recall
it; but the contestant refused to let him have it.
He then, as I said yesterday, made a counter-
affidavit, stating wherein he hadmadeittoostrong,
accompanying it with a note from the contestant,
which invited him to come and make it. AU that,
I have in my pocket; and there is something so
singular about the note embodied in the affidavit
that if the contestant does not object, I would like
to have it read at the Clerk's desk. I will not
undertake to state the contents, but I will say that
