lorn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the consideration of the resolution, it will
be referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not subject to
discussion.
Mr. DIXON. I should myself, on objection
bein£ offered, have made a motion to refer it to
the Committee on the Library.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is referred.
Mr. DIXON. I feel that I ought to say one
word, if the Senate will allow me, though not
strictly in order, m reply to the rerfiark of the
Senator from Maine, that he had never heard of
Mr. Barnard. It is unfortunate undoubtedly, and
may seem to be a reflection on Mr. Barnard. He
is known everywhere throughout the whole coun-
try and in Europe for his exertions, in the cause
of,popular education. I would not have said a
word but for that remark, which might imply
some disrespect on the part of the Senator to Mr.
Barnard, which I hope however was not the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 meant none in the
world. I meant simply to say thatitso happened,
unfortunately for myself, that I never heard of Mr.
Barnard, and 1 would rather the matter should he
referred.
Mr. DIXON. I supposed it to be so, yet felt
that I ought to say so much in justice to a gentle-
man so widely and favorably known.
SAFE-KEEPING OF PRISONERS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that all prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 199, reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary. It will take but a
moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 199) to provide for the safe-keep-
ing and maintenance of United States prisoners.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the In-
tenor to contract with the directors or managers of
any State, county, or private penitentiary for the
sale-keeping and subsistence of prisoners under
indictment tor, or convicted of, any violation of
the criminal laws of the United States by any cir-
cuit or district court of the United States in the
State in which such prison may be situated; but
no contract is to be made at prices higher than
those heretofore paid in the State.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary with an amendment, in line live of
the first section, to strike out the word " private"
and insert " city," and after the word " peniten-
tiary," to insert "prison, or jail;" so that the
clause will read:
That Hie Secretary 01 the Inlenor he, and he is hereby,
authorized toemitiiiet with the direetoi.-s or manager-? of
any State, county, or city penitentiary, pri&on, 01 jail, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment way concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and to be
read a third time, it was read the third time, and
passed.
TUB ATLANTIC FISIIKUIES.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, there is a
little bill on the Calendar, a very short one, not
connected with the war, and I hope we may be
allowed to turn aside for a lew moments to attend
to it. It is Senate bill No. 150. The British Gov-
ernment have addressed ours, saying1 that the At-
lantic fisheries were being essentially deteriorated
by certain practices; in which fisheries England,
France, and the United States are alone directly
interested. We are informed from competent au-
thority that there has thrown up a piactice there
of laying long lines of hooka upon the spawn
banks of the fisheries, where all the germ is de-
posited from which the fish generate for the sup-
ply of all the fisheries of the Atlantic. Jn thid
way the fisheries are being rapidly destroyed.
We are invited by the British Government to join
in a commission with them and France, to meet
together and devise some measures by which the
utter destruction of thofishcriesmay be prevented.
The bill is for that purpose. It is a small matter,
and I ask that it may be taken uo,
TheVICE PREbiDLN X1. The Senator frum
Vermont moves to postpone all prior orders, and
proceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
150) for a joint commission for the preservation
of the Atlantic fisheries, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States to appoint a commissioner to meet
•such commissioner as may be appointed on the
part of Great Britain, and also one on the part of
France, together to form a joint commission to
frame measures to protect th6 fisheries off the
coasts of Newfoundland and North America
against deterioration and destruction by means of
set lines on the spawn banks, and like destructive
practices. The sum of $3,000 is appropriated to
carry the act into effect.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
SURRENDER OF FUGITIVE SLATES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 999) to
make an additional article of war, have directed
me to report it back without amendment. 1 ask
that it may be considered now.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is put, I
should like to hear the bill read.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes^
that the following provision shall be promulgated,'
obeyed, and respected as an additional article of
war for the government of the Army of the Uni-
ted States:
Art. —. All officers or persons in the military or naval
si'ivice of the United State* are prohibited fiom employing
any of the forces muter their respective commands for the
put pose of returning fugitives from service or labor, who
mny have escaped Irom any persons to whom siieli setviee
or labor is claimed to be due ; and nnv officer who «-lmH be
found trinity by court-maitial of violating this article shall
be dismissed fiorn the seivice.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to consent that that bill may go over until
to-morrow. X should like to offer an amendment
to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator desiies to offer an amendment to the bill, it
is rather ungracious to deny him the opportunity
to prepare it if he has not got it ready. With the
understanding that we take up the bill and act on
it to-morrow morning, I withdraw my motion
now.
PRESENTS FROM THE KING OF SIAM.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States, transmitting a
copy of a letter from his Majesty the Major King
of Siam to the Piesident of the United States, ac-
companied by certain presents, and of the Presi-
dent's answer thereto, have had the same under
consideration, and have directed me to report a
joint resolution providing-for the custody of the
letter and piescnts, and to ask for its immediate
passage. It will take only one minute.
The joint resolution (S. No. 57) providing for
the custody of the letter and gifts fiom the King
of Siam was read three times, and passed It pro-
poses to deposit the letter and accompanying gifts
m the collection of curiosities at the Department
of the Interior.
LAWS OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to introduce a bill
in obedience to the instruction of the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The bill (S. No. 222) to provide for the codifi-
cation and revision of the laws of the District of
Columbia, was read twice bv its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. G RIMES. I merely wish to say that the
bill comes from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and I am instructed to ask for its pas-
sage at an early day. It simply authorizes the
President of the United States to appoint a com-
missioner to codify and revise the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and report them to the present
session of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
report it from the committee?
Mr. GRIMES. I will say that some other sub-
jects have been referred to the.Committee on the
District of Columbia 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
inquires for the purpose of knowing how the
Journal should be made up.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am going to state to the Chair
exactly the position of it. We found that by at-
tempting to pass into laws a great many bills that
have been introduced repealing certain statutes of
the District of Columbia, we should be involved in
inextricable difficulties, and we therefore thought
it was proper to authorize the President of the
United States to appoint a competent man to re-
vise these laws, put them in some shape, and pre-
sent them to f ongress before the 1st day of May.
I will state that Congress at a former session did
authorize three commissioners to revise the laws,
and they prepared a very good system; but un-
wisely,Congress allowed it to be submitted to the
people for ratification, and by a small majority,
as I understand, it was voted down. It is sup-
posed that this commissioner could take as the
basis of his codification the code that was then
reported and not adopted, and that he would be
able to comply with the provisions of this bill, if
appointed, in ample time for us to act upon the
subject at the present session. I therefore move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the bill, if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I hesitate to proceed to the
present consideration of a bill of that importance
unless I have seen it in print. I should like to
read the bill before I act upon it. On general
grounds, I am in favor of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made, the bill must go over. The Chair still
docs not understand from the Senator from Iowa
whether it is introduced by himself or reported
from the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I say I was authorized by a
unanimous vote of the committee to report it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
entered as reported by the committee.
LAS OltMIGAS AND LA NANA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up House bill
No. 114, authorizing floats to issue in satisfaction
of claims against the United States for lands sold
by them within the Las Orraigas and La Nana
grants, m the State of Louisiana. I will state to
the Senate that it involves no new principle, and
was reported by the unanimous authority of the
members of the committee present when the bill
was considered by the Committee on Public
Lands. It passed the House of Representatives,
I believe, by a unanimous vote.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It makes it the duty of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue and
deliver to the respective owner or owners of the
LasOrmigas and La Nana tracts of land, formerly
situate in the parish of Natchitoches, now parishes
Sabine and De Soto, in the State of Louisiana, or to
their assigns or other legal representatives, certifi-
cates or floats in the usual form for so much land
as may have been at any time heretofore sold, do-
nated, granted, or reserved by the United States
within those tracts of land, or either of them;
which certificates or floats maybe located by the
owner or holder on any lands belonging to the
United States, and subject to private entry at a
price not exceeding $1 25 per acre, and shall be in
full satisfaction of all claims against the United
States for lands ao*sold, donated, granted, or re-
served. As a condition precedent to the issuing
of the floats hereinbefore authorized, the claimant
or claimants arc to present to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office satisfactory evidence
of title thereto, and that they have been, and con-
tinue to be, loyal to the Government of the United
States. This act is to take effect immediately.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire of
my friend from Iowa whether the Government re-
ceived money for the lands; and if so, how much ?
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Iowa will
allow me, I will make a single statement in refer-
ence to this bill. These were grants that were
made before we acquired possession of Louisiana,
and the Government have sold the lands and re-
ceived pay for them. Under an act of Congress,
these claimants brought a suit in the district court
of Louisiana, and obtained judgment not only for
the lands, hutthe court went on and gave authority
for them to locate their titles elsewhere. That case
was brought up to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, and the Supreme Court of the United
