1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2969
to them and not to him the power to make rules
for the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces; to them and not to him the power to
make rules concerning captures on land and water;
and, in express terms, to " make all laws neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution the
foregoing powers."
Judge Story and other distinguished comment-
ators on the Constitution treat the power to de-
clare war as identical with the power to make
war. Such is at least the received interpretation
of the words. If, then, Congress, and not the
President, has the power to make war, and Con-
gress has, superadded to this, the power to make
all laws necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the power to make war, they have in
the plainest terms the power to make a law direct-
ing in what way the war shall be made, what in-
struments shall be used, and what shall not be
used; when an army shall make an attack and
when it shall not; what expeditions shall be un-
dertaken and what shall not; in short, directing
everything that shall be done in executing the
power to make war. And it would be as plainly
the sworn duty of the President to " see that such
laws are faithfully executed" as that any other
laws are faithfully executed.
Again: the express power given to Congress to
make rules for the government and regulation of
the forces would be of itself, even in the absence
of all other provisions on the subject, an ample
and sufficient source of our authority to direct in
whatmanner they shall be employed. Itis granted
to uS in terms of greater latitude and broader sig-
nification, if possible, than that to " regulate com-
merce;" and yet, under the statutes made in pur-
suance of this power, not a ship goes from our
ports upon the high seas without being incumbered
with the most minute regulations respecting the
duties of the men on board, clearances, manifests,
precautions against fire, the bursting of steam
boilers, and the like. Indeed, it has been con-
tended by the ablest minds, and I think success-
fully, that under this power Congress may actu-
ally prohibit trade.
But my argument needs no aid from such an
analogy. It stands firmly upon the power to
make war, and to make all laws necessary to ex-
ecute that power; that is, all laws necessary in
the judgment of Congress, not forbidden by the
laws of war, to render the act of war effectual.
Now, the commander-in-chief of an army is but
the generalcmployed by the State to command that
army; that is, to order and direct its operations as
an instrument of making war for the defense and
protection of the State. His functions are but
those of an agent of the State to promote her in-
terests by fighting her enemies with the warlike
means she places in his hands. In their nature
those functions are all functions of the State her-
self, indispensable to the continuance of her being;
and not one of them can be claimed as pertaining
to him otherwise than as her mere representative.
No act of his can bind her without her consent,
although there are many acts of his by which,
under the law of war and the law of nations, she
is held to be bound, upon the presumption that she
has already consented to those laws. By those
laws none of his acts bind his Government except
such as are immediately connected with carrying
on the war. A Government may have as many
commanders-in-chief as it has armies. Yet, no
one of them, nor all combined, can, as such com-
manders, by the laws of war, enter into any trans-
action relating to the subject of the war or its con-
sequences. &rotius tells us that—
u The genera! of an army can do no act regarding the sub-
ject of the war and its results, for the power to finish the war
is no part of the power confened to carry it on; and when
one has been clothed with this latter power in the most ex-
tended manner, it should always be confined to the com-
mander-in-chief and to the conduct of all the affairs of the
war."
The general commanding has no power to make
peace; that belongs to the State, or to the func-
tionary representing the State. He has no power
to dispose of the conquered territory, or of any
property or persons he may capture. This power,
too, belongs to the State. When Belisarius was
asked by the Goths what he purposed to do with
them, he replied that he had no authority to dis-
pose of the affairs of the emperor. When a Gre-
cian general was asked by the Persians to con-
clude a peace, he answered that to make peace was
not for him, but for the State. The Roman sen-
ate set aside the treaty of peace and transfer of
conquered territory entered into by the consul
with the Samnites at the affair of the Caudine
Porks, where, to save their lives, a whole Roman
army submitted to pass under the yoke. And the
Roman hostages retained by the victor as a secu-
rity for the fulfillment of the treaty were given up
by him upon the ground that the consul, acting
as a mere commander of the army, had transcended
his authority in making the treaty, and assumed
that which belonged to the senate. When a Ro-
man general had made captive the wife of King
Syphax, and had assumed to set her at liberty,
Scipio interposed the objection that it was for the
Senate and Roman people to determine what they
would do with her. Grotius remarks that it "does
not belong to the generals of an army, noteven to
the commander-in-chief, to release prisoners ac-
quired by arms, i?or to dispose of sovereignties
or conquered territories."
Such are some of the many restrictions of the
power of a commander in the field, imposed by
public law, and growing out of the acknowledged
rights of sovereignty of independent States—re-
strictions admitted by all nations, ancient as well
asmodern. Buttheyare restrictions only because
those functions are of such high importance to the
State that the law will not raise a presumption that
she has delegated them to a general; while as to
the mere operations of the forces under his com-
mand in the field, it from necessity, owing to the
remoteness and unmilitary structure of the polit-
ical power, does raise a presumption that for those
operations, and all of them, he has authority from
the political power. He may assault a strong place;
he may intrench; he may fight to-day and grant
or accept an armistice to-morrow. As he is to
overcome the enemy, he may lay his plan for that
purpose, and alter it as he sees fit. All this rests
upon the same presumption that the State has
given him the authority; and the difference be-
tween the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Browning-]
and those who agree with him and myself is sim-
ply this, that while they treat this power of the
commander as absolute, inherent, indefeasible in
him, conclusive in all cases against the State, and
beyond its reach, I treat it as a right, a power, in
all cases emanating from the State and liable at
any moment to be modified in its exercise and
operation.
The Senator will not contend that Congress is
without any power to order and direct what de-
scription of arms shall be used in the land and
naval forces; he will not insist that this power
pertains to the President in virtue of his being
Commander-in-Chief, and allow him to say to
Congress, " 1 will furnish the men you raise, not
with the improved fire-arms of the day, but with
old flint locks, or guns without any locks; for in-
stance, the ancient Chinese style of musket, which
required one man to aim it, resting it on the
shoulder of a sccond, while a third was required
to touch it off. I will have no rifled cannon, but
only the ancient smooth-bore on the model of
the cannon of Agincourt, or the still huger ma-
chine of an early Sultan employed in guarding the
Dardanelles, and which is said to have hurled a
stone bullet that weighed a ton. I will have no
iron-clad ships, nor war steamers, but only ships
of the excellent model of the May Flower or the
Goode Vrow; and with these venerated imple-
ments only will I fight the battles of the United
States; and you, gentlemen of Congress, cannot
help yourselves. You may pass laws and appro-
priate money to provide other instruments, but
you will find me the Commander-in-Chief, and
that they shall never be used by the Army or the
Navy."
And will that honorable Senator contend for a
moment that, should the President,as Command-
er-in-Chicf, undertake an absurd and impracti-
cable expedition against the enemy, one plainly
destructive of the national interests and leading to
irretrievable disaster, or should he basely refuse
to undertake one, or, having undertaken it, insist
upon retreating before the enemy, and giving over
the war to the manifest prejudice of the country,
or should he treacherously enter into terms of ca-
pitulation with the manifest intent to give the en-
emy an advantage, would the Senator rise in his
seat here and insist that Congress has no power
to interpose by legislation and prevent the folly
and the crime ? And yet his doctrines as here an-
nounced would impel him to exclaim, " the coun-
try is without remedy; Congress is powerless;
the Constitution furnishes no means to arrest the
approaching ruin; we must not travel out of the
Constitution; and we must submit our necks to
the yoke. It is the will of the Commander-in-
Chief, and that, and that only, in such a case is
the Constitution."
'Sir, this new heresy deserves rebuke. It has
been justly characterized by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] as slavish. And nothing is
more certain than that if it shall get a permanent
hold on the public mind, we shall, in the no very
distant future, lose our liberties or become a con-
quered people. And I warn the country against
the insidious and fatal sophistry as I would warn
them against the less insidious and far less fatal
doctrine of secession. Secession must and will
be refuted and put down by the arms of freemen;
but when they, too, have consented to surrender
the power of the sword wholly to the President,
denying to their representatives all power to con-
trol him in the use of it; when Congress shall
have abdicated this thehighestfunctionofthe na-
tional sovereignty, Caesar has no Rubicon to pass;
the boundaries of his military command, once
fixed by the senate, are blotted out forever. The
consular general becomes a military dictator, an
imperator, and all the powers of the Government,
civil and military, pass into his irresponsible
hands; his decrees will constitute the laws of the
Republic, and his praetorian bands will make the
President of the United States.
Mr. BROWNING. I will not occupy the at-
tention ©f the Senate over five minutes. As my
attention was specially invited by the Senator from
Michigan to aportion of his speech, to all of which
I have listened with interest, I think it proper that
Ishouldmakea wordofreply to that paitto winch
he invited my attention. He, like every other Sen-
ator who contends for the new doctrine he advo-
cates, is forced to go outside of the Constitution
to find authority to sustain it, and no better au-
thority has been found by the Senator than that of
Washington's commission under the Continental
Congress, and the practice of the Government
under the Articles of Confederation. He says that
Washington himself did not assume or pretend to
claim any authority independent of the appoint-
ing power. Of course he did not; the Continental
Congress was the appointing power, and the Con-
tinental Congress was competent to impose any
conditions, limitations, and restraints it chose to
do, and it did impose them; so did the Congress
under the old Articles of Confederation. And it
was the continued and repeated blundering and
bungling of military operations when controlled
and governed by Congress that influenced the con-
vention to ignore the doctrine, and separate for-
ever the direction of the Army from the control of
Congress. It was the very authority upon which
the Senator relies to sustain his doctrine that led
to a change of the doctrine, and the clothing of
the President of the United States with all the au-
thority of Commander-in-Chief. Now, sir, the
Constitution, and not Congress, is the appointing
power of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States, and he is subject
to all the restraints that the Constitution imposes
upon him, and he is subject to none others. Con-
gress can impose no restraint upon any power that
is necessary to the execution of the office with
which the Constitution clothes him.
The gentleman, however, attributes to me a de-
nial of all control by Congress over the Army, or
the Commander-in-Chief, I am perfectly willing
to stand by my sentiments as I have myself ut-
tered them. 1 am not willing to have attributed
to me absurdities that I never entertained and
never expressed, whether they result from a mis-
understanding or from a misrepresentation of what
I did say. I certainly do not intend to intimate
that the Senator makes any willful misrepresent-
ations of my views; but they are upon record;
1 am willing to abide by them, defend them; but
1 am not willing to undertake the defense of all
the absurdities that he suggests in interrogatories
to me. I do not deny the control of Congress,
and never have denied the control of Congress
over the armies of the United States to the extent
that the Constitution gives it control. I admit nil
the control which the Constitution lies given;
that is, Congress has power to raise armies and
support armies. Congress may refuse to raise
armies; it may refuse to support ai mes; it may
