28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
lish." The Senator interprets the words " from
time to time,"as alike applicable to the Supreme
Court and such inferior courts as Congress is
given the express power to establish. Now, sir,
in my opinion, the Supreme Court is established
by the Constitution. It is true it cannot be organ-
ized without action by Congress to put it in mo-
tion, The mode of its organization has to be
pointed out by Jaw, and its jurisdiction has to be
defined by law, in subordination, however, to the
powers that are conferred upon it by the Consti-
tution itself.
The gentleman thinks the Constitution places
all these courts upon precisely the same footing.
He has overlooked, I think, one clause of the
Constitution to which I call his attention, that
marks very clearly the distinction that those who
made the Constitution intended to make between
the different judicial tribunals of the Union, pla-
cing the supreme judicial tribunal beyond the reach
and power of Congress for the express purpose of
making it independent of the coordinate branches
of the Government. If you repeal the Supreme
Court out of existence to-day for the purpose of
getting rid of obnoxious judges, and reorganize
it, and have new judges appointed, the very mo-
ment there is a change in the political complexion
of Congress the same " town-meeting: proceed-
ing" recurs, and the courtis again abolished,and
it will be abolished as often as the political com-
plexion of Congress changcs. I think the reso-
lution ought to be one directing the Judiciary
Committee to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealingtheConstitution ! It would bemoreappro-
priate. In the enumeration of the powers of Con-
gress, and I believe in the ninth clause of that
enumeration, is this provision:
Congress shall have power to constitute tribunals infe-
lior to tiie Supreme Court."
It necessarily follows that it shall have no power
to interfere with the establishment of the Supreme
Court itself; that rests upon the Constitution for
its basis. But the power is expressly given to
Congress to establish tribunals inferior to the Su-
preme Court, such as from time to time in their
judgment and discretion may seem necessary for
the administration of justice and the dispatch of
business through the country.
I cannot vote for the resolution, as it is confined
to the single inquiry of the propriety of abolishing
the Supreme Court of the United States. In my
opinion, we have no more power to do that than
wc have to repeal the Constitution, and it would
virtually and in effect be a repeal of the Consti-
tution; and when we have inaugurated a proceed-
ing of this sort our Government is at an end, we
are resolved into the original elements of anarchy.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in order to
avoid long and unnecessary discussion, for I sup-
pose every gentleman understands the subject, I
move to amend the resolution by substituting a
reference to the Judiciary Committee of all that
part of the President's message which relates to
the judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I had hoped, sir, that when I
explained the object of my resolution, I should
not be under the necessity of saying anything
more, and I will not trespass on your time a great
while; but I see,as I think every man cannotfail
to see, the great error and the great difficulty
laboring in the minds of some gentlemen for
whose intelligence and integrity I have the highest
respect. They lutve an idea, somehow or other,
that the Constitution cieatcs not "one Supreme
Court," but that the Constitution has created the
Supremo Court, and that, like the laws of the
Medes and Persians, it never can be altered, never
can be reformed, never can be touchcd; and the
honorable Senator from Illinois laments, as he
would lament the very destruction and overthrow
of the Constitution, the time when Congress shall
lay its hand upon this tribunal. He seems to
think that divine Providence, or the wisdom of
our ancestors, has invested this court with some
talismanic charm by which it can preserve the
liberties, the privileges, and the rights of the
people when public degeneracy shalfhave seized
upon the legislature and upon the people; that
heie Providence,orour fathers, or possibly both,
have invented, discovered,put into opeiation,and
preserved a great system that is to stand in place
of public virtue and private morals ;aud that when
degeneracy has stalked over the land, we can look
as to a star of hope to this Supicme Court to save
us from overthrow and destruction. Let me tell
my honored friend from Vermont—and there is
no man who listens to him with more profound
reverence and respect than does the humble friend
now addressing the Senate—that a more fatal
delusion never fastened itself upon a great mind
than the idea that the Supreme Court is to have
any saving power to protect and preserve the
rights and liberties of this people; and the man
who places his hope there, places it on a false-
hood and a delusion. Public liberty rests on pub-
lic virtue; and it is idle to hope for any conserva-
tive influences in this court to save the people
from overthrow when their own virtue and their
own courage and their own manhood have failed
to protect and preserve their own liberties. Do
you suppose that the framers of the Constitution
intended to vest the first Congress that assem-
bled under it with the power of making a Su-
preme Court that should for all time be intact
from any improvement, from any alteration, from
any reorganization? Not at all, sir. They left
it, as they left everything else, to the intelligence
of the people.
I think that the Supreme Court of the United
States in its very organization has a radical and
fatal eror, one that we inherited from the British
constitution, and unfortunately have adopted in
most of our States; and that is letting nisi prius
judges, that go around to hold courts, sit in bench
to pass on their own findings. My observation,
from the knowledge that I have had of courts, has
been that judges who try cases at msi prius look
on those cases as their own children, that they are
bound to take care of when they come up to be
reviewed on the bench. I ask my friend from
New York, [Mr. Harris,] who, I believe, has
had some experience in this matter, if he has not
found, even in the workings of his own mind, a
sort of lurking prejudice for those bantlings that
he had given birth to when he was presiding at
jury trials? That is human nature, sir.
I want the enlarged wisdom of the Judiciary
Committee to look over the history of the world,
sec what our own experience has developed, see
the progress of improvement that has been made
in the judicial system of France, see the judicial
progress that some of the best minds of England
have been labonngfor a long while to accomplish,
without effecting a great deal, though they have
done something, and see if it is not possible that
wc, in the year of grace 1861, by the experience
of the past century, are qualified to improve some-
what upon the wisdom of 1789.
Sir, this is a resolution of inquiry, simple, harm-
less, eminently necessary; one that the heart of
this people calls for, as I think it does for no other
measure, unless it be a little activity in our Army
—I will except that. I think the public calls for that
more than it does for a reform in the judiciary;
but with that exception, I think there is nothing
that the sense of the public calls for as it does for
this reform. But if the Senate are to sit here stolid
—I do not use that word in an offensive sense—
immovable, deaf, convinced that everything is the
best that can be had, and to refuse to inquire if
something better cannot be had, I am content. I
j can bear this as long as any of you. I have no
j more at stake than other men have, nor so much as
j a good many; and what little I have I am content
; shall go on under the administration of the judi-
| ciary as it is now established, if such shall be de-
, termmed by the wisdom of this body and of the
] House of Representatives; but I protest against
j gentlemen being alarmed at this inquiry. It is said
that truth fears nothing, least of all does it fear in-
| vestigation; and if, when this matter is brought
: before the Senate, the gentlemen who have spoken
' can satisfy the Senate that their position is sound,
| they will undoubtedly adopt it.
j _ Sir, I do not want to claim a great deal for the
j little State I represent here in part; but we have a
; Supreme Court, created by the State constitu-
; tion, just exactly the same as your Supreme
, Court is, and in the progress of our history we
] found it necessary to abolish it; the wants of the
; people required it; and wc got another and a bet-
' ter one. There is nothing better settled in the
; State which I have the honor to represent on this
! floor, than that the judiciary, like everything else,
! should be subservient to the public weal; and
■ when it ceases to be so, when it stands as a block
; in the path of progress and of right, it is a timid-
1 ity unbecoming the office and the place we hold
to hesitate to make the inquiry. That is all I
want. I want inquiry, and I want the light of
the learned Senator from Vermont, and the bril-
liant Senator from Illinois, upon this subject. Let
them show, when the subject is before us, that it
is incompetentforusto act,and I shall be content.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, which is to strike out all
of the resolution after the word "resolved,"and
in lieu of the words thus to be stricken out, to
insert:
That so much oi the President's annual message as re-
lates to the judteiaiy of the United States, be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I suppose it is competent to move
to amend the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to instruct them to
inquire if it be not necessary to institute some
organic amendments in the constitution of the
several courts of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that I un-
derstand the word "organic" in the exact sense
that the Senator does. The President himself, in
his message, calls attention to the making of new
circuits, and to the present relations of the circuit
and district courts, arid submits to us the pro-
priety of some change in the organization of the
judiciary. There is no need of repeating that
over again, byway of amendment to my motion,
because that is the portion of the message which
I desire to refer to the committee. My objection
to the Senator's amendment is, that it is an amend-
ment without any cause or ami.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment, and
prefer to have the question taken on the original
resolution.
The amendment of Mr. Collamer was agreed
to; and the question was stated to be on the adop-
tion of the resolution, as amended.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read as it is now.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to the judicial y of the United States, be re-
feried to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by adding "with
instructions to inquire what alterations are needed
in the constitution of the several courts."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
just agreed to an amendment in the words sub-
mitted by the Senator fiom Vermont; it is there-
fore not now in order to amend those words. The
Senator, however, can reach his object by pro-
posing to add an additional resolution.
Mr.HALE. Is that so? After wc havlfadopted
an amendment, may it not be further amended?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is well settled
that an amendment which has been adopted can-
not afterwards be amended. The Chair thinks
there is no doubt about it. The sense of theSen-
ate has been expressed on the amendment in these
precise words.
Mr. HALE. They have adopted that amend-
ment; but can it not be added to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A separate reso-
lution, a distinct proposition, not connected with
that, may be added; but those words cannot be
touchcd.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope we shall have the vote
on the resolution as amended.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move the same resolution
which I before offered, stiiking out the words,
the Supreme Court," wherever they occur,and
inserting " the present judicial system."
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inqmie info {he expediency arid piopncly of
abolishing the present judicial f-ystem of the United State*,
and Cstahh^huiG instead thereof*another judicial syMem,in
pursuance of the provisions of the Constitution, which, in
the opinion of Congress, will meet the requirements of the
C'on^tu ution.
Mr. FOSTER. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
he over under the rules, objection being made to
its consideration.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution: which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Reiolrc(h That the special commiltee on the Pacific rail-
road appointed Jit the into extra se^ion he continued for
the present sc-"ion.
