1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
2011:
absent return, I shall wish at one o'clock to-mor-
row, if I can, to call up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection to that.
I simply desire to submit a few remarks on the
resolution at a time when they will not be incon-
venient to the Senate, and 1 think I can do it
to-morrow, at half past twelve, as well as at any
other time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Sherman on the 6th instant:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies of all official reports from all
officers in command, relating to the recent battles at Pitts-
burg Landing, on the 6th, 7th, and 8th days of April last.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the reso-
lution be postponed until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock, and be made the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY IN PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like now, if it
would not interfere with other business, to take
up, with a view of finishing, the little thirty mil-
lion matter that we had before the Senate yester-
day morning. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 404) to provide for
the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of
the two and three years volunteers and the officers
and men actually employed in the western depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had this bill laid on the
table yesterday merely on the strength of the sug-
gestions made by the Senator from Massachusetts.
On considering the subject, however, it is perfectly
apparent that this bill is no place upon which a
thing of that sort could be provided for; and if
they exist, I trust the Committee on Military Af-
fairs will look into it and see that the trouble is
remedied as speedily as possible.
In regard to this bill, it is impossible for me
to give anybody more explanation on the subject
substantially than I have given. The appropria-
tion was asked for by the Paymaster General and
has been recommended by the Secretary of War.
Those papers were published in the Globe at the
time of the debate in the other House, and I sup-
pose are familiar to Senators. I deem it proper
to state to the Senate, however, that there may be
no misunderstanding about it, that the appropri-
ations for this year thus far for the pay of the two
and three years volunteers amount to $105,000,000.
We appropriated §55,000,000 at the extra session,
and $50,000,000 at this session for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to remind the Senator from Maine that
the hour has arived for the consideration of the
special order assigned for half past twelve o'clock
to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be post-
poned for a few moments. I suppose there will
be no objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be passed over in-
formally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, it will be passed over informally for the
present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have made a slight cal-
culation at my desk, which shows me that there
evidently must be a deficiency. It has not been
quite a full year, but any Senator who sits down
and calculates the amount needed for five hundred
thousand men, will find that their pay proper for
a year—I have calculated it roughly, I may be
mistaken—would amount to about seventy-eight
millions, without calculating the pay of officers,
and the pay of musicians, and the extra pay for
surgeons and other persons connected with the
Army, which would unquestionably bring it up
to something like one hundred millions, and per-
haps more. Then that would cover of itself for
five hundred thousand men about the amount
that we have appropriated thus far. We all know,
without knowing the exact number, that there are
probably two hundred thousand men more, taking
the whole of them, who have been and are to be
in service. I say " to be," because reciuiting is
going on to fill up the regiments, I am told, at the
present time, and it has been going on all the time.
It is evident, therefore, this money is needed if
there are one hundred thousand, or one hundred
and fifty thousand, or two hundred thousand more
than half a million of men; and I think from the
general information on the subject, the number
under pay cannot be safely calculated, though not
for the whole time, at less than seven hundred
thousand men; certainly it must be very near that
number. It is easy to see, therefore, that there
must be a very large deficiency in the coming two
months; and the Paymaster General says, if I re-
member rightly, in his communication, that the
amount already appropriated would be absorbed
at the end of the month; and he wrote that last
month, so that he must now be without funds.
On these facts, I take it there can be no hesitation
on the part of anybody in passing the bill.
Mr. HALE. While the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance is up I want to ask him a ques-
tion, which I do in the best faith in the world. I
read in a very important paper this morning, a
communication signed by several members of
Congress, in which they stated that the increase
of the public debt now was about four millions of
dollars a day. I want to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if there is any foundation
for that statement, if he knows anything about
it, or can give us an approximation to the truth
on that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unable to answer
the question; and as to undertaking to answerall
the statements that may be made m the newspa-
pers by members of Congress or others, is beyond
any man's power.
Mr. HALE. I thought the chairman of the
Committee on Finance might possibly be able to
give an approximation. It struck me as an ex-
ceedingly extravagant statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no idea myself that
it can be correct; but I will not undertake to dis-
pute propositions which men make in that way.
I have no idea that it is anything near that, though
there may be some particular days in the year on
which that amount of money is paid out. The
statement, in my judgment, is extravagant.
Mr. SHERMAN. A good deal of criticism was
indulged in yesterday in regard to the uncertainty
as to the number of men in the service of the Uni-
ted States, especially by the Senatorfrom Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] and the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes.] I think a moment's reflection will con-
vince them that their criticism was unjust. They
turned to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance very triumphantly and asked him, and he
was unable to give them the information, and then
to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and he was unable to give the information.
It is obvious, from the nature of the facts, that
no one can give the information. Our tioops were
recruited by some twenty different governments.
Each regiment was recruited under the authority
of its own State government. When each soldier
enlisted, he was entitled to pay, but probably his
enlistment was not reported to the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the United States for two or three months
afterwards. I know by experience something of
the practical result of this system of enlistment.
A regiment is authorized to be raised by the Gov-
ernor of Ohio, for instance. For two months it
will be in process of recruiting. From the time
each soldier signs the roll he is entitled to pay
from the Government of the United States; and
when the regiment is completed to its minimum
or its maxiutn number, as the ease may be, two
or three months afterwards, it is regularly mus-
tered into the service of the United States. All
the names are put on the muster-roll, and sent
first to the adjutant general of the State, and then
to the Adjutant General at Washington; and then
a mustering in officer is detailed to muster in the
regiment, as it is called. Now, this may be two
or&three, and, in some cases, four months after
the soldiers are drawing their pay. In the mean
time, the Adjutant General at Washington has no
knowledge of the number of persons in this un-
organized or imperfect regiment. Still, they are
under pay, and are entitled to pay from the Uni-
ted States. _ . .
It is manifest, from this explanation, that it is
impossible for any officer to tell how many men
are in the employ of the United States at one
time. Besides that, when a regiment is full, a
soldier may be discharged upon the certificate of
a medical officer, and that is not known and is
not made known to the Adjutant Oreneral until
some time afterwards, when, in the ordinary course
of the returns, the fact comes before him that so
many men ai'e in the actual service of the United
States in that particular regiment. Thus it is im-
possible, from the nature of things, to tell within
many thousands and tens of thousands the num-
ber at any time in the service of the United States.
Besides, as my friend from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] suggests, new recruits aire being received
all the time. I know that I once endeavored to
ascertain the number of persons from Ohio in
the scrvice of the United States. It was utterly
impossible to ascertain it from the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the United States;, but I could readily do
it from the adjutant general of the State of Ohio,
because he kept an account of the various enlist-
ments as they occurred from time to time.
I make this statement in justice to the officers
who have been constantly arraigned here because
they could not give information to the Senate
which no man possibly could give.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am not going to oppose the
bill, but to reply to a few words that have been
said by the Senatorfrom Ohio. I admit that when
the Senator was raising his regiments last sum-
mer, and during the time we were enlisting in the
various States of the Union to raise the great
army, there was some difficulty in ascertaining,
at any given time, the number of men that were
in the service of the United States; but there is
not the slightest reason why we should not know
at the end of every month every man that is under
our pay, and if your Army regulations were en-
forced, it would bo so. I do arraign the officers
of the Army; I do say that they ought to be able
to tell us, at the end of every month, they ought
to require the returns to be made, so that we can
know specifically every man that is fit for duty,
and every man who is unfitfor duty, where he is,
whether he is on furlough, or whether he is_ with
his command; and if they perform their duties, it
will be so. Every man who is sent to a hospital
is immediately repoited. It is the duty of the
brigade officer, from the reports that accumulate
from the regiments i nil is hands,to report monthly
to the Adjutant General, and he ought to be able
to tell us precisely the number of men and what
then-condition is at any moment. We never shall
be able to obtain this information until we expose
those generals who are derelict in their duty. I
do not attribute it to the Adjutant General. I
know that we are partly to blame; I know that
we have made brigadier generals who were incom-
petent to pel form Lheir duty, or who do not do it.
The generals who do not thus report ought to be
held up to the reprobation of the public, because
they compel us to legislate in tile dark.
1 did not intend to say anything, and should
not have done so, but for the suggestion that has
been made by the Senator from Ohio. I admit
that last summer his reasoning would have been
good, but it ceased whenever you ceased to raise
volunteers. Whenever you filled up your regi-
ments, it was the duty of these men to report
monthly, and if they have not reported monthly
in accordance with the Army regulations, and we
therefore are legislating in the dark as to the num-
ber of men we have under ourcontrol, and in our
pay, they are to blame for it.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. I think,Mr.
President, the Senator from Iowa is mistaken in
one thing. 1 think that much more could have
been done than has been done in the War Depart-
ment, in the Adjutant General's office, ami by the
officersin the field, to inform us how many men we
had in the service. It seems to me we have had
negligence to some extent in this matter. I do not
mean to reproach anybody, for we all know how
every Department of the Government has been
pressed and overworked since this rebellion took
place, and thedifficulty they have had to make up
the facts they have m their offices and put them
in form so that an intelligent opinion could be
arrived at. But, sir, do the best they can, with
this vast army in the field, raised as it has been
raised, raised by the several States, raised by
commissions or authority issued to men all over
the country to get up regiments, looking at the
process of recruiting to fill up those regiments,
and the scattered condition of the regiments not
in the scrvice, and of the squads raised to fill up
the regiments over the country, I hold that we
cannot tell within several thousand any one day
how many men wc have. We must vary some-
what from the real number, at best.
