1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2971
ber vote for it, I want the country to know that
they have voted for a measure to arm the Afri-
cans.
Mr. WILMOT. They will vote against it after-
wards.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, I expect them
to do that. I expect them to vote to put it into
the bill, and then vote against it afterwards; but I
intend if they do vote for it, that the country shall
know that they vote for a measure to arm negroes.
There is no such provision as that in the House
bill. It proposes to confiscate the property of lead-
ing rebels, and nothingelse. It does not touch the
negro, nor is he referred to in the bill; and those
Senators who vote to substitute for that bill a bill
that does provide to arm the negroes and to free
the negroes under certain circumstances, express
their choice by their votes for a bill of that char-
acter over the House bill.
I should not have made these remarks but that
it seems to be understood that this amendment is
be carried by the aid of so-called Democratic votes
and the votes of Senators from border States, who
are utterly opposed to interfering with the negro.
Another provision of the Senate bill declares:
That the President of tile United States, whenever he
shall deem it necessary and proper for a speedy and success-
ful termination of the present rebellion, that any personal
property, seized by the Army or Navy, and belonging to a
person who shall, after the passage of this act, have engaged
in rebellion or given aid or comfort thereto, should be con-
fiscated, may cause proceedings in rem to be instituted
against said property, as in admiralty or revenue cases; and
if said property shall be found to have belonged to a person
engaged in rebellion, or who has so given aid and comfort
thereto, the same shall be forfeited and become the prop-
erty of the United States, and may be sold or disposed of
as the court shall direct.
There, in the eighth section of the Senate bill
offered as an amendment is the very proceeding
in rem to be carried on as in admiralty or revenue
cases which the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] denounced as such a monstrous propo-
sition in the bill from the House; and yet the very
clause is in the bill of the Senate. Why, sir, we
listened here for half an hour this morning to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, not now in his seat,
and I am sorry he is not here, denunciatory of
this proceeding rem and of its being assimilated
to a proceeding in admiralty or revenue cases, and
yet winding up with a proposition to vote for the
Senate amendment. Howisthis? We have heard
the denunciations of my colleague, the denunci-
ations of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little ,] and the denunciations of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] against that proceed-
ing in rem, which seems to be unobjectionable in
the Senate bill. The Senator from Vermont,
grave as he is, really made fun of such a proceed-
ing; and yet here is the bill 
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the gentleman making
fun of me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am replying to the fun
of the Senator, not making fun of the Senator cer-
tainly. I could not do that. He really made fun
and made the Senate laugh about a proceeding in
rem; and yet, wonderful as it may seem, a com-
mittee of which he was a member, whose report
I suppose received his indorsement, bring into
the Senate a proposition for this very proceeding
in rem.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not like the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, it is a proceeding
in rem. It is like it in that respect. The pro-
ceedings are to be as in admiralty or revenue cases,
and that is exactly the provision in the other bill.
So far as there is any principle in these bills, the
principle of authorizing the seizure and condem-
nation of property by a proceeding,in rem is as
distinctly and clearly in the Senate bill as in the
House bill or any bill that has ever been before
the Senate.
Now, sir, what is this House bill ? I will not
read it. I hope Senators have read it. It is a bill
relating wholly to the seizure and confiscation of
property, and without any reference whatever to
slaves, having nothing to do with them. It pro-
vides that the property seized shall be condemned
by proceedings in the courts. Does not the prop-
osition of the Senate bill do the same thing? All
the principle there is in it is, to declare " all the
estate and property, money, stocks, and cred-
its and effects of the persons hereinafter named,"
classifying the persons, shall be confiscated. The
bill introduced by the select committee, of which
the Senator from New Hampshire lias charge,
provides for seizing the property of the same
Classes of persons, in part. They are not alto-
gether the same; and, while I am upon that point,
1 will mention one particular in which they dif-
fer. The Senator from New Hampshire intro-
duces a bill by which he declares that " theprop-
erty, real and personal, of every kind, including
chosesin action," of certain classes of persons, is
to be confiscated. Among those classes is the fol-
lowing:
Persons hereafter acting as an officer, whether civil,
military, or naval, of any State or Territory, who, by the
constitution of tile so-called confederate States, is required
to take an oath to support said constitution.
I want the Senate to look at that classification.
It does not confiscate the property of officers, civil,
military, and naval, of the confederate States; but
of officers, whether civil, military, or naval, of
any State or Territory of the confederate States.
I should like to know why that distinction is
made. I should like to know why the judge, or
the justice of the peace, or the militia captain in
Louisiana, under the State of Louisiana, is to
have his property forfeited, and why officers un-
der the confederate government, who are fighting
you, are not to have their property forfeited. By
another clause of the amendment the property of
certain of them is to be forfeited, to wit:
Persons hereafter acting as president or vice president,
members of congiess, head of department, civil officcr,
judge, foreign minister, or commissioner of the so-called
confederate States.
But not the property of persons who act in the
military or naval service of the confederate States
A captain in the confederate army is not to have
his property forfeited by this bill at all. This is
the bill that is to be supported in the Senate, and
which a combination of extremes—not of ex-
tremes, but a combination—is to get voted in as a
substitute for the House bill'. Is this satisfactory
even to the SenatorfromNew Hampshire himself?
Does he mean to confiscate the property of a cap-
tain in the State of South Carolina, serving in the
State service, and not the property of the one serv-
ing in the confederate service ? I suppose he docs,
or else he would not have presented the amend-
ment in the shape it is. Is the Senate for it?
There is one other feature that is in the House
bill which is not in the Senate bill, and that is the
seventh section. That is a section which it seems
to me ought to commend itself to the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] for he has been contend-
ing from the commencement of the session that it
was right to take the property of the leading reb-
els ana turn it over to the loyal men. That has
been his position, as I understood it. The House
bill contains a provision that the property of the
leading rebels, which is seized and condemned un-
der it, may be taken to pay the claims of loyal cit-
izens against the disloyal owners of such property.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator yield to
me a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was not in the Chamber
when the Senator from Illinois commenced his
speech, and I have not heard much that he has
said; but just coming into the Senate, I have un-
derstood that he referred to some remarks of the
Senatorfrom Delaware, and that he wants to know
whether the Senator from Delaware would vote for
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to this original bill; and if so, that before the
constituency of the country some responsibility is
to be had. I want to say, because I did not hear
what the Senator from Illinois said, that if the vote
is taken before I am compelled to leave the Senate
Chamber, I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire, not because I
approve of the principle of a confiscation bill, for
under any and all circumstances I shall vote
against any such bill, but because it conforms
mofe to the provisions of the Federal Constitution
than the bill of the House of Representatives. I
want to ask the Senator from Illinois whether, in
tbe remarks that he made, he meant to say that
there was any inconsistency in such a position as
I have assumed, and a position which would leave
me to vote against any confiscation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is the most
glaring inconsistency, and I am very glad to have
the Senator from Delaware here. I am obliged to
him for asking the question, and except that it
will take a little time to lepeat, I should be very
glad to repeat to him what I said. The bill from
the House of Representatives has not a syllable
in it about freeing negroes, and does not touch
them. The bill of the Senate provides not only
for freeing the slaves, but for arming them to fight;
and the Senator from Delaware says he votes for
it because be prefers it to the House bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. With the consent of my
friend, may I ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. I understood the Senator
from Illinois to say that the Senators from the
State of Delaware and from the State of Mary-
land had entered into a combination to vote for the
amendment, and then against the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator did not un-
derstand me correctly. I said I understood the
Senatorfrom Delaware would vote for the amend-
ment, and I had not understood how the Senators
from Maryland would vote; but I understood, gen-
erally, that on that side of the Chamber they would
vote for the amendment, and then vote against the
bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. With the consent of the
Senator, I should like to make a simple remark.
As I am about to leave the Chamber, and am obliged
to leave for home this evening, I desire to say, in
explanation of my vote, that 1 consider both bills
so peifectly odious that, for myself, I have entered
into no combination, and shall vote against them
both, and all such, and so hope to be recorded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very explicit on
the part of the Senator from Maryland, and in my
judgment, very consistent.
Mr SAULSBURY. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will allow me a moment, because I am
circumstanced as my friend from Maryland is—
I am going to leave the Chamber. I only wish
to put myself right on the record. I shall not
trespass more than a moment.
Mr. President, I want every constituent! have
in the State of Delaware, whether he is a member
of the political party to which I belong or not,
whether he is a Democrat, whether he was a Bell
and Everett man, or whether he is a Republican,
to understand distinctly that I never will vote for
the principle of a confiscation bill under any cir-
cumstances whatever. I am opposed to every bill
that has been introduced into Congress on that
subject. But I do say that the bill of the Senate
as an amendment to tile House bill, is preferable
to the House bill, simply for the reason that in its
main provisions it conforms to the requirements
of the Constitution of the United States, giving
trial by jury, and recognizing the issuing of due
process accoiding to law. There is the advantage
of the bill of the Senate over the bill of the House.
If I should be present, I would vote for the bill of
the Senate as an amendment; and yet, on the
final vote, which ever were adopted, I would vote
against any confiscation at all.
1 desire to make a remark to the Senator from
Illinois. He has appealed to the Senator from
Delaware and the Senators from Maryland. I
will not say appealed, but he has alluded to them.
He says they vote so and so; that the bill of the
Senate authorizes the arming of slaves. I want
to puta frank question to the Senator. I want to
know whether in this great political revolution in
which we are engaged he would put arms in the
hands of the slaves? Does he make an appeal to
the Senators from Maryland and Delaware to vote
against the amendment on that ground ? Does he
mean to say that he is opposed to the principle?
I ask the Senator from Illinois to state, in the face
of the American Senate, whether, under any cir-
cumstances now existing, or, in his imagination,
hereafter to take place, he will put arms in the
hands of the southern slaves to murder their mas-
ters. I wait for an answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When I vote in preference
and take choice, and say by my vote on the record
and to the country that I prefer a bill which has a
provision in it to arm slaves, and has the same prin-
ciple in it in regard to the confiscation of other prop-
erty as the one I vote to substitute it for, I will
stand by my vote and acknowledge that 1 am in
favor of arming slaves. I trust the Senator from
Delaware is answered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will say to the Senator,
I did not hear the answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator asks ques-
tions and runs away, I cannot be responsible for
his not hearing. I said, when I gave such a vste
as he has announced he is going to give, and when
