2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
But, sir, it seems to me that more could have
been done than has been done to ascertain this.
In spite of all that may be said on the subject,
after looking through all the reports that I have
examined, and I have endeavored to find out the
number of regiments and the number of men in
the field and at home in every State, I think the
general estimate is that we have more men in the
field than we really hate, and that the number I
stated yesterday ofaboui five hundred and twenty-
jive thousand is very near the number." The state-
ment made by the Senator from Maine in regard to
the amount necessary to pay these men, and to pay
the officers, even on the basis of five hundred and
twenty-five thousand men, shows that it is neces-
sary to pass this appropriation. Assuming that
to be about the number we have in service, and
considering the amount that we have had to pay
" to the thousands of men who have been in service
and have been discharged, or have fallen on duty
in the service, for there are many thousands of
them, it seems to me that this deficiency is easily
accounted for. Therefore I mean to make 110 op-
position to this appropriation.
Mr. CLARIC. I want to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military' Affairs if ho can tell
how many men have been put in the field by the
various States. Has it ever been known in the
War Department how many men have been fur-
nished by the several States ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have a
statement, which I have not now got with me,
tiving the number of regiments raised in each
tate, the arm of service to which they belong,
the number actually in the field, and the number
of regiments in the different States not yet filled
up. 1 think that about forty days ago we had
something like fifty regiments or parts of regi-
ments, not fully completed in the different States,
that were not actively in the field, and were still
engaged in organizing.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, further, how many men have been sent
into the field or the service of the United States
by the dillerent States? What is the whole amount
of force that has been out from the different
States ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannotan-
swer precisely and exactly. I think, taking it all
together, we must have had in the service at least
five hundred and sixty or five hundred and sev-
enty thousand men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that I saw at
the War Department calculations based upon the
most accurate returns they could get, which, how-
ever, were not perfect, and cannot include the
whole number, showing about five hundred and
eighty-six thousand men.
Mr. CLARK. It seems tome there should have
been no difficulty about this—Lhe thing should
htive beeu definitely ascertained. 1 venture to say
that the Governor of the Stale of Massachusetts
can tell how many men he has sent into the field.
It would have been tin easy matter for the War
Department to ascertain from every Slate what
number u had sent to the field, and the figures
could have been footed up, and we should have
known exactly how many men were sent into the
field, or so near it as to be accurate enough for all
practical purposes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. lam as-
sui ed at the War Department that they have over
and over again called for information from the
Governors of States in regard to this matter, and
from most of the Governors they have got full
information, but from some of them the informa-
tion was not quite full and complete, because then-
regiments were incomplete in themselves. One
great trouble has been that instead of calling on
the Governors of States, by a proclamation or
general order, for a certain number of troops, so
many infantry, so many cavalry, ami so many ar-
tillery, the War Office listened to the applications
that were made for months for authority to raise
regiments, and that authority was granted to a
large numberof persons over the country, without
requiring them to act under or in concert with the
Governors of the different States. The Govern- ;
ors of Suites weie raising men, armin^ men, and j
sending them into the field; andutthe same time, >
by independent action, gentlemen all over the I
country were raising regiments. That has been
a source of embarrassment, it has complicated our
affairs. 1 have no doubt that it has increased to
some extent the expense of the Government, and
it has been in my judgment one of the chief causes
of this uncertainty as to the numberof men we
have in the field and that are being raised in the
country. Weeks ago the Department stopped
authorizing men to raise regiments. It will be
remembered that early in the session the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] called attention to
this system of authorizing men to raise regiments,
and to the large number of cavalry regiments that
had been raised, and to the fact that there were
regiments or parts of regiments scattered over the
country as a sort of home guards; and after that
the War Departmentundertook to arrest the mat-
ter, and I think have done so. I think that there
are not more than twenty-five regiments in the
whole country that are not in the field, but there
were forty or fifty some forty days ago ; many
of those regiments have come into the field since,
probably fully half of them. But as has been
stated this morning, I understand that many of
the regiments, especially in the West, have been
cut up in the field, or have had a great many sick
men,and they have been authorized to fill up their
ranks. Many of those regiments were reduced
nearly one half; some of them perhaps more than
one half. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
says that some of them have less than three hun-
dred men. I understand they have been ordered
to fill up. We cannot tell now how fast they are
being filled up.
Under these circumstances there must be some
considerable uncertainty,and no one is able to tell
within a few thousand. It is only by examining
all the facts we have before us, and counting up
with the best judgment we can, that we arrive at
any conclusion; and in my judgment, 1 believe,
that independent of three months men, we have
had as two and three years volunteers in the field
something like five hundred and seventy-five
thousand men, and we now have in the field some-
thing like five hundred and twenty or five hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand. That is my best
judgment, accoiding to the facts.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It does not appear to me,
sir, although I may not have a correct view of it,
that it is at all essential that we should know to a
man or to a regiment how many men we have in
the field, in order to pass this bill. It gives me
always great pleasure to be informed by the de-
bates in this body; but it does not appear to me
that information is at all essential to us. I hope
the bill will be put upon its passage. We need
not spend all the money. When an appropriation
is made, I understand that no more than is neces-
sary will be applied for the purpose under the bill,
it may, in certain aspects of the case, be not desir-
able that it should be exactly known how many
men we have in the field; at least, it may not be
desirable, so far as our enemies are concerned.
Without taking up any further time, as there is
another matter of importance to come before the
Senate, which I trust will be brought up this
morning, I venture to express the hope that we
may be allowed to take the vote on this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I shall give my vote for this
bill upon the recommendation of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, but I do not sympa-
thize with the views or the feelings in this regard
of the Senator from New Jersey. I know, sir, it
is not essential that we Should have the informa-
tion sought to be obtained here, in order to pass
this bill; we can give our votes blindly; but it is
more gratifying to some of us certainly to know
what we are doing and why we are doing it. I
would rather have the information that I am seek-
ing to obtain as to how many men we have in the
service of the Government, or in the employ of
the Government, than to legislate without it, es-
pecially if I am to vote money to pay these men.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. Will the Senator allow me
just one word ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think we have approxi-
mated to it. We know pretty nearly the amount,
as definitely as is necessary for us to know, or as
we ever shall know, if we talk about it here till
i doomsday.
j Mr. CLARK. That is a question for each gen-
j tleman to decide for himself whether he has as
j much information as he wants or not. I do not
[ undertake to say that the Senator from New Jer-
sey has notrJI the information he wants, J should
I be glad to get a little more. Nor do I undertake
to cast blame on the War Department, or on the
authorities of any State because we do not know
this. I am seeking in good faith the information.
I want to know how many men we have in the
service of this Government, that I may act intel-
ligently, and I do not believe that any infoima-
tion would be given to the enemy that would harm
us, if we knew and they knew how many men
wc really had in service. They do not know where
they are, nor where they are to meet them, nor in
what numbers they are to meet them. True, they
might know from it the power of this Govern-
ment, and the knowledge of that I do not think
would do them much good or give them much en-
couragement. I desire, at any rate, to know how
many men we have got, and I hope that at some
time" the Military Committee will give us more
information than wc have now,
I know that there has been sometimes the diffi-
culty that has been suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts in the raising of troops, but there
has not been the difficulty in some sections of the
country that is represented. For instance, the
War Department issued authority to raise a regi-
ment in my State, but the Governor knew just
how many men were in that regiment, and could
give an account of that regiment as well as of one
raised under his authority. The War Depart-
ment gave authority to Governor Sprague to raise
cavalry in New England, and there were three
companies fiom my State. The Governor of New
Hampshire knew j.ust how many men were in
those companies as well as if they were in one of
his own regiments, and could give an account of
them. So in other States. " Some of these men
have not been put into the field until recently, but
we ought to know how many have been put into
the field, and we do not know that. I have all
charity for the circumstances under which this
business has been conducted. Those who know
more about it may have more charity than I have,
and may make more allowances than I do; per-
haps I ought to make more. I am willing to make
all the deductions that ought to be made by any-
body, and yet I assert that we ought to have the
information as soon as possible, because it is ne-
cessary in a great variety of subjects that come
up here, that wc should know, and I desire that
we should be informed as soon as may be. I shall
give my vote for this bill on the judgment of the
committee.
Mr. DAYIS. I intend to give my vote with
great cheerfulness for this measure, and I will for
any measure of supply that the chairman of the
Committee on Finance may report and recommend
to the House as necessary and proper, such is my
confidence in his intelligence and judgment in the
discharge of his duty. At the same time, Mr.
President, I do bring censure, and strong censure,
to the War Department, for the utter confusion
and uncertainty in relation to its business. On the
7th of February last, I proposed to the Senate a
resolution asking for the information that is now
sought for by gentlemen. I hold'in my hand a
report from the present Secretary of War, dated
February 28, 1862. There is some confusion.and
conflict as to dates. He says:
" I have the honor to transmit herewith two statements
prepared in the Adjutant General's office in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 7th ultimo, calling upon this
Depaitment for the aggregate number of three years' volun-
teers that have been mastered into the service of the Uni-
ted States."
It refers to the date of the resolution as the 7th
of January. This report is dated the 28th of Feb-
ruary, and it sends here a report of the Adjutant
General, dated at his office the 14th of January,
1862. If this report was made out on the 28th
of February, 1862, why was it that the Adju-
tant General brought down the report of his office
to no later a date than the 14th of January pre-
viously? It was a matter agreed and conceded on
all hands that during the continuance of the pre-
vious Secretary of War in his office, there never
was a more incompetent officcr in high place than
he was; that, in point of incapacity and utter ig-
norance of the important business of his high office,
and of the exact condition of its business, no man
was ever in any place that was more profoundly
ignorant. I was informed by a member of the
Cabinet, about the time that I offered this resolu-
tion, that there could not be reported, either from
the Adjutant General's office or the War Depart-
ment, more than about four hundred and forty
regiments, without regaid to their size; and yet
