30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
this investigation ought to ho gone into before
military authorities; but the military authorities
have not seen fit to make the investigation, and
hence I insist that it is the right and the duty of
Congress to make it.
I have referred to the institution of a similar
inquiry to this in 1792. I now refer to the reso-
lution introduced by Mr. Bradley, of Vermont,
on the 9th day of July, 18X3, which reads as
follows:
"Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire
into the causes which have led to the multiplied failures of
the arms of the United States"—
It is general, it will be observed, as the substi-
tute which I have proposed—
"on our western and northwestern frontier, and that the
committee be authorized to send for pei&ons and papers."
That resolution was not at that time adopted.
It was defeated by a vote of 76 to G7, but solely
for the reason that it was in July, and at that time
it was believed that a committee of the House of
Representatives, or of the Senate, had no right to
sit m the recess. That is the reason assigned in
the arguments of the gentlemen who debated it
pro and con.
Mr. WILSON. Was that in the Senate or in
the House of Representatives?
_ Mr. GRIMES. In the House of Representa-
tives. Governor Findley, who was a member of
the House of Representatives from the State of
Pennsylvania, urged in behalf of this resolution
the following arguments:
"Mr. Findicy stated that in 1790 an expedition, com-
manded by Colonel llarmer, composed of his own regiment
and detachment* of militia fiom Hie neighboring Slates--,
including Pennsylvania, having been earned against the
Indian towns and totally defeated, Congiess provided a
moic numerous army of enlisted levies, which composed
the expedition commanded by Geneial St. Clair, in 1791,
against the Indian towns. This expedition also was not
only defeated, hut so completely destroyed that a new and
moie permanent atmy had to be laised and otganized, the
accomplishment of which was veiy much discouiaged by
such repeated and destructive defeats. In oidei, as far as
possible, to pievent the recuirence again of t-uch misfor-
tunes by means of any defect in the intended oigam/,ation
ot a new army, a committee was appointed to inquire into
the cau^o* of the failure of that u nfoi turiate expedition. The
committee, towards the close of the session, accompanied
a concise repott with a great ma^ of the testimony, but
the inquity not being deemed sufficiently full, the Mibject
was recommitted to a committee, composed of the j-ume
members, the next session, who satand continued then in-
quiry until near the close of that session also, when they
made another concise report,explaining and confiumngthc
foimer one, suppoitedby much new testimony. The ses-
sion being near a close, the proceedings were not published,
but the testimony and the books of information given in by
the paittes principally intended are still m possession of
the House. Theie was, as is the ca^e in all unloriunate ex-
peditions, stiong proposse&sion against the commander. By
the inquny.tho grounds of these were lemoved, and the
causes found pimeipally to arise fiom the geneial plan, the
construction of the army, and delay and liisuihcicncy of
supplies ol all sorts, badness of the gunpowder,-" &c.
At the next session, Mr. President, this reso-
lution was modified and was adopted, and in pur-
* suance of it an investigation was had.
I have alluded to these precedents in order to
show that there is nothing novel tn this resolution;
that similar resolutions have been adopted by
Congress to investigate into the results of other
military campaigns; and that, in my opinion,
there are peculiar reasons why we should have a
thorough and searching investigation into the dis-
asters that have attended this campaign.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I have no doubt,
as the honorable Senator from Iowa says, that
there are precedents for inquiries and for commit-
tees of this sort; but they have been made under
circumstances very different from those m which
we are now placed. The Senator will search in
vain for any precedents at all applicable, for the
country has never been in any like condition.
Old precedents will not apply to the present ex-
igency. |
The honorable Senator says this is a proper !
inquiry for the military authorities to make, that ■
they ought to make it, and as they do not make j
it, it is our duty to make it. Mr. President, I 1
differ entirely from the honorable Senator m his j
conclusion from those premises. If this is an j
inquiry which the military authorities ought to I
make, and they do not make, I for one, as a mem- ;
ber of this Senate, will not vote to make it at the !
present time. I take it for granted that if the :
military authorities do not investigate this qucs- i
tion at the present time, they believe that this is I
the wrong time; and, without being a military |
man, I can see very abundant reasons why this j
would be the wrong time. i
We have, sir, an enemy, not at the gates of the
capital, but we can occasionally hear their cannon.
Our Army is posted between us and them, and
their paramount duty, in my opinion, is to attend
to their duties in the field. If the military au-
thorities commanding that Army have postponed
any inquiry into this subject for the reason that
the men connected with it have higher duties at
the present time than to sit in courts-martial, I
certainly shall not differ from them, but concur
with them in opinion. I shall not attempt to call
them away from their duties in the camp or on the
battle-field, in order that we may find out who
is to blame for a disaster which happened a few
weeks or a few months ago.
Suppose we raise a committee and give them
power to send for persons and papers, we send
for half a dozen officers in camp, just on the eve
of a battle, to come here and testify before our
committee. Will these gentlemen come? If I
were the commanding general I would imprison
the man who was sent if he attempted to take
them away under such circumstanccs, and would
say to Congress, " here is a state of war; here is a
battle impending; my men and my officers cannot
be sent as witnesses to testify before a committee
of Congress just now; we must first fight the
public enemy." That is what I would say and
do as a military man having command of the
Army, and 1 believe that there is not wanting
sufficient energy and sufficient power in our mil-
itary authorities to say it and do it, should the
occasion arise. I put it as a hypothetical case,
but it is not improbable that it may occur. Many
of us think that the Army is too inactive, and are
now rather eager for a battle. We cannot have
men in the field lighting a battle, and have them
here in our committee rooms testifying as to who
was to blame for a disaster. It is a little unrea-
sonable to expect both these things atone and the
same time.
I believe in letting the military authorities man-
age the Army. If they manage it badly wc shall
make a bad matter worse by tampering and inter-
fenng, and that is all that will grow out of our
action. If it is badly managed now I am sorry;
I do not believe it is; but if it be, in Heaven's name
do not let us make it woisc by tampering, for
worse we shall make it, and only worse. ' 1
Now, sir, let the military authorities manage
this question. If they do not order a court-mar-
tial or a court of inquiry when it is proper to order
one, after this war is over, if it becomes necessary
to find out who is to blame, let Congress take it
up and examine and settle that question if it be
important to settle it, and meantime let the mili-
tary authorities alone. I believe they are compe-
tent; but if they were ever so incompetent, I would
not add obstacles in the way of their progress by
any inquiries or resolutions of this sort, for very
clearly they are and must be obstacles to the act-
ive prosecution of this war.
The Senator from Iowa says that the responsi-
bility of these disasters is thrown upon this, that,
and the other class of persons; and that at Bull
Run, the civilians, fifty or a hundred of whom
were there, are charged with having, in the rear
of the Army, provoked this stampede, and that
there are a great many simpletons m the country
who believe it. The honorable Senator himself
was there; I was there. He certainly has nerve
enough to bear the sneers of simpletons. I trust
I have; I know he has. If civilians are improp-
erly charged, let us sit under the charge; at all
events while this war is going on. We can bear
it till that is over.
One class of military authorities is charged with
deiehction, and so is another class, he says, and
let us find out which is in fault—whether it be the
carpet-knights, or whether it be the militia—this
class, or that, or another. All very well at a
proper time, Mr. President; but the time is not
now. An inquiry into this matter will call men '
away from higher duties, which is a sufficientob- i
jection; and even if we could get over that objec- '
t'pn? we should at the present time only create '
divisions and heart-burnings, which we can illy j
afford just now. We need union, energy, to save j
our countiy. Let us, as one man, put our shoul- I
ders to the car of war and press it on to victory, 1
and not inquire who has been at fault for its slow 1
movement, or why it has not before been pressed 1
on triumphantly. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this sub- !
ject was laid over until to-day at my suggestion.
I stated at the time that I thought it was a matter
upon which Senators should have a little more
opportunity for reflection; that I needed it myself
before being able to come to a conclusion as to the
propriety or expediency of passing this resolu-
tion m any form. I see that it has done good,
because it has resulted in a consideration of the
matter evidently arising from the thought that has
been given to it on the part of Senators; and I
trust we shall come to a proper conclusion.
I had very great doubts about the expediency
of it at the time I made the suggestion. Reflec-
tion, however, has satisfied me that no harm can
come of it, and that much good may arise from it.
I cannot agree with my honorable friend from
Connecticut, that we are meddling with that which
is none of our business. I do not accede to the
correctness of the doctrine which has been ad-
vanced in the newspapers and in conversation,
and which seems to be adopted by the honoiable
Senatoi from Connecticut, that Congresshas noth-
ing in the world to do but pass appropriations,
and leave other public agents to dispose of the
money at their pleasure, no matter what may be
the opinion of the country and the opinion of us,
as Senators, as to the manner in which the means
placed at the disposal of those agents have been
or shall be used.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
he certainly misunderstood me, if he understood
me to advocate any such doctrine as he seems to
suppose I advocated. I do not say, in regard to
this subject, that the Senate have not the power,
and that it is none of our business; by no means.
I say, as a military question, I prefer to leave it
during this war to the military authorities, and
not now to interfere with it; but, at a subsequent
time, if the proper military authoiities do not in-
vestigate it, and it be deemed desirable, we can
investigate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That leads to the same
result, sir. It is only coming at it in another way.
If we are to remain perfectly quiet until the end
of the war, it follows necessarily that all we have
to do is to make the appropriations called for, and
let them bo expended precisely as the persons in
whose hands they pass may choose, without
makingany question during the period of the war
as to what is done with the money or what is the
conduct of public agents, because all are public
agents.
JNrow, sir, with reference to this subject, many
things are to be considered. We are placing a
great burden upon 'he people of this country) or
rather the people of this country are placing a
great burden upon themselves. Tiiey are doing
it willingly, cheerfully, resolutely, without a throb
except such as we all feci is for the good of the
country and the attainment of the great objects of
the war. Therefore, sir, while such is the feeling,
and while we are their agents (because it is in
Congress to declare war, and in Congress to pro-
vide the means of carrying on war,)"it behooves
us most carefully to look at the course of pro-
ceedings relating to the conduct of the war; not,
as my friend suggests, in any carping spirit; not
with the slightest idea of throwing an obstacle in
the way; but with every wisdi and with every de-
termination to urge it on, and to furnish e\cry-
thing that may be necessary in order to its favor-
able, happy consummation.
Then, sir, what is our duty? We see many
things done about which those whom we repre-
sent feel great anxiety. We see many things done
which do not meet the public approbation. We
see some things done which wc do not approve
ourselves, and winch evidently call for an inves-
tigation, or, at any rate, call for such an explana-
tion as shall satisfy the people. .Now, what are
we to dor Sit idle during all the period that this
war is to progress, be it for a longer or a shelter
time; or are we manfully to do our duty, and when
the occasion presents itself in the pro'zr^ti of the
war, inquire m what manner it is conducted? Sir,
I hold the very contrary of the doctrine that wc
are to leave everything without question, without
the slightest complaint, without any inquiry oven
as to the conductof this war by the public agents.
We know that every day wrongs are perpetiatcd;
we know that every day there are gross fiauds
perpetrated upon the country by a certain class
of men; we know that the people of this country,
the soldiers of this country, have in some instances
