1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
State under the Jaws thereof, who dnringthe present rebel-
lion shall take up arms against the United States, or in any
manner give aid and comfort to said rebellion, shall thereby
forthwith forfeit all claim to such scrvice or labor, and the
persons from whom, it is claimed to be due, commonly
called slaves, shall, ipso facto, on th&commission of the act
* of forfeiture by the pany having claim to the service or
labor as aforesaid, be discharged therefrom, and become for-
ever thereafter free persons, any law of any State or of the
United States to the contrary notwithstanding. And when-
ever any person claiming to be entitled to the service or
Jabor of any other person declared to be discharged from
such labor or service under the provisions of this act shall
seek to enforce sudh claim, he shall, in the first instance
and before any order for the surrender of the person whose
service is claimed, establish not only his title to such ser-
vice, as now provided by law, but also that he is and has
been, during the existing rebellion, loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States; and no person engaged in the
military or naval service of the United States shall, under
any pretense whatever, assume to decide on the validity of
the claim of any person to the service or labor of any other
person, or to surrender upauy such person to the claimant."
Now, sir, as a Republican I protest against any
measure of this kind emanating from the legisla-
tive branch of this Government. I do so for my
own, and for the sake of the great party which
came to the rescue of the Union and the Govern-
ment just at the time when the conspirators had
almost consummated the ruin of both, and both
of which, 1 trust in God, with the aid of good
loyal men everywhere, it will be strong enough to
restore and wise enough to preserve in all their
former vigor and glory. Now, sir, if ever there
was one slander more foul than another, or more
mischievous to the peace and happiness of the
country than another, it was the allegation made
by the conspirators of the South, and reiterated
over and over again by their scarcely less wicked
confederates of the North, that the sole object of
the Republican party was the abolition of negro
slavery in the southern States of the Union. That
slander, sir, was the moving cause of this war;
that was the catchword which inflamed the South,
which enabled the leaders of the rebellion to con-
solidate her people and obtain over them a con-
trol which prevented us ever since 1854 from hav-
ing a hearing before them, which shut out from
them ail testimony as to our real principles and
beliefs, and left them exposed to be confirmed in
their error by the knowing and willful falsehood
of their allies m the North. And, sir, I have but
a single word here to say of those allies, and it is
this: that I have a thousand times more respect
for and faith in the poor soldier in the rebel army
to-day, and in his patriotism and loyalty, than I
have in those editors of the North who, yearafccr
year, month after month, and day after day—
knowing the same to be false—published and sent
down to tiie South this gigantic lie and base slan-
der against the true men of the free States^, nine
hundred and ninety-nine out of every thousand
of whom never dreamed of disturbing anybody's
constitutional rights, never thought of abolishing
negro slavery when it lawfully existed in Slates;
men who, on the contrary, were as obedient to
the Constitution ns to the behests of their religion,
reverencing it next to their Bibles, and giving now
on the*baftle-ficlds of the South the offer of their j
very lives to sustain it; men who never cared or
took a thought of slavery as imposing a single re-
sponsibility upon them, and who never would
have come into collision with it anywhere of their
own choice. But when it insolently attempted
outside of its legitimate sphere and within their
lawful reach to provoke a struggle and contest
with them as to whether the common Territories
of the nation should be the homes of free white
men or of servile negroes, they resisted it, as they
had a right to do. It, was a simple question between
the. white men and the negroes—which should have
the Territories; if the negro succeeded, the white
man would not inhabit them in his company, and
if the white succeeded, the negro should not.
The victory was won by the white man; and
the creed and doctrine which animated him in
achieving it is " Republicanism." Nothing more,
nothing less. So it declared and published every-
where; so it is understood by the people; so ele-
vated into power by the nation; so put forth al-
most unanimously by the present Congress. We
have said we had no right, and we claimed none,
to meddle with slaves or slavery in the slave
States. All which has been and is now perfectly
understood by all not willfully blind.
Then, sir, I say again, that as a Republican,
standing upon the Constitution as construed by
that party, I protest against the second section of
this bill as being a total and entire departure from
the principles of that instrument, most mischiev-
ous at this time, because it uselessly distracts,
divides, and weakens the friends of the country
when they ought to be united and of one accord
in action, if ever such were needed before. In
addition to this, it would make us do of all things
in the world that which would most gratify and
strengthen our enemies everywhere—worth to-
day more than a hundred thousand armed men to
the traitors of the South, and worth more than
five hundred thousand votes to the would-be trai-
tors of the North; thus enabling the latter again
to get control of the Government, to wield it as
they have wielded it before. No, sir, pass that
bill by this Congress, and every falsehood uttered
and every design charged'upon us in six years of
desperate struggle is verified by our deliberate act,
an act as useless to the country and to the cause
in which we are engaged (apart from other objec-
tions) as would be a law against serfdom in Russia
passed here.
I know that a great many good people, who
hate slavery, and ardently desire that the country
were well rid of it, will at first be inclined to
wonder at the difficulties in the way of their favor-
ite schemes; but i have no doubt, on further re-
flection, they too will recognize them. I know
that many people suppose, in some way not very
clear to.them, that our powers under the Consti-
tution have been indefinitely enlarged by the fact
that a civil war is now raging in one half the States
of the Union, calling into play what is called the
"war power" of Congress, by virtue of which
we can pass any law we choose which tends or
is supposed to tend towards the suppression of
the rebellion, and that under it this bill is war-
ranted by the Constitution.
I think all this will be found a delusion and a
snare. Our power to-day is no greater than it was
at any time since the formation of the Constitu-
tion, and any law enacted now which would have
been unconstitutional if enacted then, would be
unconstitutional now. Nobody pretends that if
Jefferson Davis alone had been guilty of treason
last year or the year before, and had escaped the
jurisdiction of the courts, that Congress could
have attainted him as a traitor, or forfeited his
property, or emancipated his slaves. Even the
simplest man would have known that in such
case he must be tried, convicted, and punished by
law. Nor can the case be at all altered if one
thousand or one hundred thousand other traitors
were in the same category, bccause neither the
power of (he legislature or courts is enlarged in
the slightest degree by the multiplication of the
number of the criminals. The grants of power to
us in the Constitution were fixed in it from the
beginning, and we stand just where we did always.
But cases may arise where the laws are inade-
quate to the preservation of the order and peace
of society, not because they are notsevere enough,
but because they cannot be executed. That is the
case now in eleven 'States of the Union, and the
question is, what is the remedy? Since the laws
are silent, the courts destroyed, and the will of
the nation disregarded, how does the Constitution
meet the emergency ? Does it meet it, and effect-
ually? I answer unhesitatingly it does, and as
promptly as any other system of government in
the world; and since the law is of no avail it re-
sorts to force, military force, in other words, war,
and those who resist are treated by this method
the same as though they were alien enemies. I
may say that this course is adopted because of its
superior efficacy over Ihw, and the law abdicates
to make way for war.
Then, who shall make this war and determine
how it shall be carried on ? Shall it be Congress,
the President, or the judges? Some think the
power is in Congress, bccause the Constitution
confers upon that branch the power to declare war;
■ but the power to declare war is not the power to
make war, but simply the right to declare when
the necessity for war had come. And it might
just as well have been left to the Supreme Court
to decide that question; and if it had, surely no-
body would have contended that that court would
have been the war-making power.
The Constitution declares that the President
shall be the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, or, in other words, the force of the nation
is put into his hands, investing him with the war-
making power; and he must wield it until all re-
sistance has ceased or till peace is made. He is
the commander directing and controlling it as he
pleases, and only restrained in so far by Congress
in that he must#epend upon them to foot his bills
and authorize his levies. He organizes the forces,
appoints the officers, directs their operations, and
is responsible for the failure or success of the cam-
paigns; and it makes no difference whether the
enemies who resist him are alien enemies or dis-
affected citizens in revolt, he conducts the war
upon the same principles in both cases. Indeed
these principles are now so well settled and agreed
upon by the civilized nations of the world, that
they have become part of a great general code
called the 4' Laws of Nations,'' and which are ob-
ligatory upon all belligerents everywhere. In the
conduct of the civil war now waging in this coun-
try, the President is guided and controlled by these
laws, nor has the Congress any power whatever
to alter or change them, and bind him by so do-
ing, against his consent:
"Acivil war breaks the bands of society and govern-
ment, or at least suspends their force and effect; it pro-
duces in the nation two independent parties, who consider
each other as enemies, and acknowledge no common judge.
Those two parties, therefore, must necessarily be con-
sidered as thenceforward constituting, at least for a time,
two separate bodies, two distinct societies. Though one
of the parties may have been to blame in bi caking the unity
of the State and resisting the lawful authority, they aie not
the less divided in fact. Besides, who shall judge them ?
Who shall pionounce on which side the right or the wrong
lies? On earth they have no common sup^iior. They stand
t herefore m precisely the same predicament as two nations,
who engage in a contest, and being unable to come to an
agreement have recourse to arms. This being the case, it
is very evident that the common laws of war—those max-
ims of humanity, moderation, and honor, which we have
already detailed in the course of this work, ought to be ob-
served by both paitics 111 cveiy civil war. For the same
reasons which render the observance of those maxims a
matter of obligation between State and State, it becomes
equally and even moic necessary in the unhappy ciicum-
stanee of two incensed parties lacerating their common
countiy. Should the soveieign conceive he has a right to
hangup his prisoneisas rebels, the opposite party will make
repusals; if he does not religiously observe the capitula-
tions, and ail other conventions made with his enemies,
they will no longer rely on his word; should he bum and
ravage, they will follow his example ; the war will become
ciucl, horiiblc, and cveiy day more destiuctive to the na-
tion. The Duke de Montpensier'aintamousand barbarous
excesses against the refoimed party in Fiance are too well
known ; tM; men were dehveicd up to the executioner, and
the women to the biutahty of the soldiers. What was the
consequence? The Protestants became exasperated; they
took vengeance of such inhuman piacricea; and the war,
before sufficiently cruel as a civil and religious war, became
moie bloody and destructive. Who could without horror
lead of the savage cruelties committed by the liaion Des
Adiets* By tuins a Catholic and a Piotcstant, he distin-
guished himself by his baibanty on both sides. At length
it became nccessaiy to relinquish those pretensions to ju-
dicial authority over men wlto proved themselves capable
of supporting then cause by foice of arms, and to treat them,
not as criminals, but as enemies. Even the tioops have
often lefused to serve m a war wherein the prince exposed
them to ciuoi icpnsals. Officcis who had the highest souse
of honor, though leady to shed their blood in the field of
battle tor his seivice, have not thought it any pait of their
duty to run the hazaid of an ignominious death. When-
ever therefore, a numerous body of men think they have
a right to resist the sovereign, and feel themselves in a con-
dition to appeal to the swoid, the war ought to be eariied
on by the contending paiuesin the same manner as bytwo
different nations; and they ought to leave open the same
means for preventing its being carried to outiageous ex-
tremities, and tor the restoration ot peace.
" When the sovereign has subdued the opposite party,
and reduced them to submit and sue for peace, he may ex-
cept fiom the amnesty the authors of thedistmbanccs—the
heads ot the paity. lie may bung them to a legal trial, and
punish them if they be found guilty. He may act. in this
manner particularly on occasion of those disturbances in
winch the interests of the people are not so much the ob-
ject in view a* the piivate aims- of some povveiful individ-
uals, and which ldlher deserves the appellation of revolt
than of civil war. Such was the ease of the unfortunate
Puke of Montmorency, iie took up arms against the King
in suppott of the Duke of Oileans; and, being defeated and
taken ptisoner at the battle of Castelnaudari, he lost his
life on a scaffold, by the sentence of the pailiamentof Tou-
louse. If he was genet ally pitied by all men of woith and
sentiment, it was because they viewed him lather as an
opponent to the exoibitant power of an imperious minister
than as a rebel against hi* sovereign, and that his heroic
virtues seemed to warrant the purity of his intentions."—
VatteVs Law of Nations, book 33 chap. 18, sees. 293, 294.
In fact, from the very nature of these laws, it
is almost utterly impossible that they could be
made into enactments by any legislative body;
and this for the reason that they consist of a great
number of alternative rules, each depending upon
circumstances as to whether it shall be observed
or not; the whole being embraced and included
by the great law of self-defense, establishing the
right to do anything that is necessary to secure
it, even to killing our enemies, and doing them
all the harm possible.
