1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2973
ter of history, and I fear will, if we go on as we
have been going. Why, sir, what have we seen ?
We hear of military Governors appointed; and we
hear it justified—-justified on the floor of the Sen-
ate. Are the representatives of States, sent here
to look after the interests of the country, and
clothed with great powers under the Constitution,
to abdicate their powers? The Constitution of
the United States says that all officers shall beap-
pointed by the President of the United Statess by
and with the ad vice and consent of the Senate, ex-
cept Congress may by law vest the appointment
of inferior officers either in the President or in the
heads of Departments; and yet what do we hear?
We hear of a military Governor in North Caro-
lina? Has his name been sent to the Senate?
Was he appointed by the advice and consent of
the Senate? No, sir. Is there any law of Con-
gress vesting the power in the President to ap-
point a military Governor in North Carolina? I
believe it was the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Dixon] who advocated that right. Sir, the Pres-
ident can no more make a Governor of North Car-
olina than the Senator from Connecticut; no more
than the most obscure citizen in the State of Con-
necticut. It is wholly without constitutional au-
thority.
Sir, let me not be misunderstood. Where an
army marches, the army may exercise control;
but how? Through its army officers, appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
General Hunter, as a general constitutionally ap-
pointed, may exercise powers where he is. Mr.
Stanly, the Governor of North Carolina, if a mil-
itary officer appointed by the advice and consent
of the Senate, may act in keeping order in North
Carolina; but, sir, can Mr. Stanly, as a citizen
without office, be made a Governor of a State by
the President? Does the Senator from Connec-
ticut contend for that? Does the Senator from
Connecticut insist that the President can at will,
without the consent of the Senate or the sanction
of law, create an office so important as that; one
which, in its consequences, may shape this whole
struggle ?
Mr. DIXON. The Senator asks me the ques-
tion. Does he desire a reply?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be glad, if there is
a reply, to hear it.
Mr. DIXON. I am very glad the debate has
taken this shape, and in a few moments I will state
my peculiar reason for expressing that gratifica-
tion. What I said was this. Perhaps the shortest
way would be to read it. I now read from what
I said, as reported in the Globe:
" I took the ground tliat tills being now a war, and the
President being Commander-in-Chief of the Army arid
Navy, and having a right to command the Army, he might,
in a region of country which he hud conquered, the individ-
uals of which were at war with the United States, appoint
a military Governor over those people. I said I thought lie
ought not to call that military Governor a Governor ol Lou-
isiana, or a Governor of North Carolina. lie does so, and
there i think he is in error; although that is verbal, merely
technical. Ido not consider Mr. Stanly Governoi of'Noith
Carolina. 1 do not think the President had any power to
appoint him Governor of North Carolina. I think he has
power to appoint him over the subjugated poition of that
terntory included within those limits. Governorof whom?
Governor of the public enemies whom he has conquered."
That was the position I took. Now, it mast be
understood that this is in the absence of regula-
tion by Congress—not in violation of regulation
and law by Congress, but in the absence of regu-
lation.
The Senator from Illinois has, at last, un-
masked himself as an opponent of this Adminis-
tration. I am glad he has done so. I wish him
to stand before the people of the United States as
an opponent of the Administration of Abraham
Lincoln. I have thought for some time that he
was an opponent of the Administration. lie says
that the President of the United States has no
power to make this appointment; that he has
made an appointment of a military Governor
which is an encroachment on the Constitution of
the United Slates. If so, he is liable to impeach-
ment. I take it, that to usurp powers, and to ap-
point officers not authorized by the Constitution
is, possibly, an impeachable offense, at any rate
it is a very gross misdemeanor. The Senator says
the President has no power to do it; he says, it is
true, a military officer may appoint a Governor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. DIXON. Did he not say so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. DIXON. I so understood him. I should
like to ask him under what authority General
Butler in New Orleans has appointed a Governor
of that city, to control it and govern it. How
does he justify it? He says that I have advo-
cated the doctrine that the President may appoint
a Governor of North Carolina. I expressly said
he could not appoint a Governor of the State of
North Carolina, butthat he might appoint a Gov-
ernor of that conquered district or territory, or
rather ofthe people, the public enemies who were
making war against the Government of the Uni-
ted States. That was the position I took, and
now the Senator from Illinois, standing here in
the relation he does, takes this position with re-
gard to the Administration of President Lincoln,
and I am myself gratified that he does so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am always exceedingly
sorry to take away the means of gratification
from anybody. I like to see people happy and
gratified, and the Senator from Connecticut is so
rejoiced to find me in opposition to the Adminis-
tration, that I am almost disposed to bo silent and
not correct his misapprehension, lest I destroy his
satisfaction; but I shall be compelled to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from Illi-
nois give way to a motion for adjournment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall finish what [ have
to say in a few minutes. I.shall be compelled,
although it is a little unpleasant, to disturb the
comfortable feeling which the Senator from Con-
necticut has got into at finding that somebody is
against the Administration ! How it must delight
his honest heart to find opposition to it! He is
perfectly rejoiced to find somebody opposed to it.
That is the way he manifests his love forit. Peo-
ple who do not understand the Senator as we do,
would think he was not much for the Administra-
tion when his honest heart was delighted to find
somebody against it!
But, Mr. President, I shall not be diverted from
the question by any assault of that kind. I am
too well understood in the country, by my con-
stituents at least, to make it necessary that I should
occupy the time of the Senate in refuting any such
assumption. Sir, when it becomes necessary that
I should bend the pliant hinges of the knee to any-
body, approve everything that is done, whether
right or wrong, and play the courtier, my charac-
ter will have to undergo a transformation. And
I know enough of the Chief Magistrate of the Uni-
ted States. I know enough of honest Abraham
Lincoln to know that he will not regard as his
truest friends men who play thecourtierand swear
that everything he does is right. He, sir, is honest
enough, and great enough, and talented enough,
to know that he is not perfect, and to thank his
friends, and his true friends, who rally around
him in this hour of trial and honestly suggest to
him, when they believe such to be the fact, that
some measures that he has adopted may not be
the wisest. He will think better for a man who
has the candor and the honesty to do it, than he
will of the sycophant who tells him, "all is right
that you do, and you cannot do wrong." Sir, he
is no believer 111 "the divine right of kings," or
that a Chief Magistrate can never do wrong. He
is a believer in the intelligence of the people, and
knowing his own fallibility, is not above listening
to their voice.
Now, sir, the Senator from Connecticut, if he
had been as ready to understand what I said as to
rejoice that I was opposed to the Administration,
if his zeal had been as sharp to understand as it
was to place me in a false position, would have
known thatl did notsay that a general could make
a Governor of a man in civil life who held no of-
fice. General Butler in New Orleans may detail
a colonel or a captain, or any officer under his
command to keep order; President Lincoln may
detail Andrew Johnson, a brigadier general in the
Army of the United States, to keep the peace of
Nashville; but what says the Constitution of the
United States ? It says that the President " shall
nominate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Su-
preme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established
by law." All not provided for and which shall
be established by law arc to be appointed l>y and
with the advice and consent of the Senate; "twt
the Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone."
Now, let me put a question to the Senator from
Connecticut, and see where he stands, and whether
he will stand up here in the American Senate, in
the face of the American people, and say that the
President has the right to make an officer without
the advice and consent of the Senate, or without
authority of law ? Let him answer it.
Mr. DIXON. When the Senator is through,
I will endeavor to answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think he had better wait.
I would like an answer to that question.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator asks me, if I under-
stand him, whether the President has power to
violate the Constitution. That is the amount of
his question, whether he can appoint an officer in
opposition to the requirements of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. Of course he cannot violate the
Constitution. That is the form in which the Sen-
ator put his question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Hecannotl
Mr. DIXON. The Senator asked me, if I un-
derstood him, whether the President of the Uni-
ted States may appoint an officer, as he read from
the Constitution, in express violation of the lan-
guage of that instrument, and wishes me to an-
swer yes or no. I say no, of course. If he con-
siders that a tiiumph, he is welcome to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I will not rejoice
that the Senator is in opposition to the Adminis-
tration. I do not suppose he is. I think he has
evidenced enough that he does not mean to be in
opposition tothe Administrationlet what will hap-
pen; and I would not rejoice if he was. I want
his support.
Mr. DIXON. I have not said that I rejoiced
that you were.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I misunderstood the
Senator if he did not say that he was rejoiced. I
understood him to say so; but if he did not say
so, I am very glad of that. Then, sir, I take it,
it is admitted even by the Senator from Connec-
ticut that the President has no right to make an
officer without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, except it should be an inferior office which
a law of Congress had authorized him to make a
without the advice and consent of the Senate; and
it is not pretended that there has any advice and
consent of the Senate been given to the appoint-
ment of Mr. Stanly. It is not pretended that there
is any law giving the President authority to ap-
point Mr. Stanly. The Senator from Connecticut
does not pretend it. There is no such statute. If
he says there is, let him produce it.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the Senator from
Illinois to take the ground that the President has
appointed Mr. Stanly military Governor of North
Carolina. That I believe he charges. I came into
the Senate while the Senator was speaking, and
he turned and addressed me, and said that I was
the advocate of the doctiine that the President had
a right to commit this enormity. He said that
the President had appointed a military Governor
in Tennessee and a military Governor in North
Carolina, and then he went on to read the Consti-
tution to show that it was in express violation of
the Constitution. But he says he is 110 opponent
of the Administration; he is a friend of honest
Abraham Lincoln, who has committed this vile
enormity. He calls me to account here for justi-
fying it; he calls on me to state whether I justify
what the President has done; he summons me be-
fore the Senate to answer categorically whether I
am willing to assume the guilt of justifying that
course of conduct, and then 
Mr. HALE. I rise toa question of order. The
2d rule of the Senate provides that " no member
shall speak to another, or otherwise interrupt the
business of the Senate, or read any newspaper
while the Journals orpublic papersare reading, or
when any member is speaking in any debate." I
see my friend from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] reading
a newspaper. [Laughter.]
The PRESID1NGOFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The Senator from Iowa will consider himself
called to order. The Senator from Connecticut
will proceed.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire the other day complained because I objected
that he had raised a point of order with a view of
