1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
In judging as to what is necessary, the general
has not absolute, but legal discretion in the prem-
ises—that is, within the law; as for instance, he
may judge it necessary to kill his prisoners of
war, but only by way of retaliation, when his
enemy has first killed such prisoners as he may
have taken—and this to stop the practice, not to
introduce it. Hence, it may be said that no legis-
lature could enact laws of war, because it is im-
possible to foresee the contingencies upon which
their application-may depend. And again, such
enactments would be wholly useless, because if
they were different from those agreed upon by
the nations, these would resist them and restore
the old; if, on the other hand, ho alteration was
made, nothing would be gained.
And in the case before us, the President, or his
generals, with their armies, have a right to attack
the rebels in arms, and kill them if they do not
submit. He has also a right to take, by way of
capture, ail their public property used in the war,
such as forts, ships, arms, ammunition, stoies of
every kind, &c., but he could not do as this bill
pioposes to do; he could not follow the rebel after
his surrender, and take from his house the pri-
vate property which he had left there for his wife
and children, while he was at the war. And all
this because a Christian civilization has taught the
nations that such modes of making war are not
only not necessary, but that they are in all cases
mischievous and injurious, even to the conqueror
himself. The modern rule is very clearly stated
by WJieaton, in his <$ Elements of International
Law," at page 419, et seq. of the sixth edition,
as follows:
"The application of the same principle lias also limited
and restrained the operations of war against the territoiy
and other property of the enemy. Fiom the moment one
State is at war with another, it has, on gcneial piinciples,
a light to «er<se ail the enemy's pioperty, of whatsoever
kind and wheresoever found, and to appropriate the prop-
el ty thus taken to its own use, oi to that ot the captors.
13y the ancient Jaw of nations, even what were called >cs
snerct, were not exempt hom eaptuie and confiscation.
Cjceio has conveyed this idea in his expie.-sive metaphor-
ical language, m the fourth oiation against Yurie's, whcie
ho saysih.it' victory made ail thosccrcif things of the Syra-
cu^ans profaneBut by the modem u^age of nations, winch
has now acquired the foiee ol law, temples of religion, pub- !
lie edifice*, devoted to civil puiposes only, monuments of
art, and reposatoues of .science, aie exempted fi om the gen-
eial opeiations of wai. Pnvate property on land is ako
exempt tiom confiscation, with the exception ofsuch as may
become booty m bpcctal cases, when taken hom enemies
m the field or m besieged towns, and of militaiy contribu-
tions levied upon the inhabitants of the hostile tenitory.
This exemption extends even to the ease oi an absolute
nud uuquahfied conquest of the enemy's country. In an-
cient times, both the movable and immovable property of
the vanquished passed to the conqueror. Such was the
"Roman law of wai, often asserted with unrelenting sevor-
ity ; and such wai the (ate of the Roman piovmcua,, subdued
by the notthern baihariau^, on the decline and (ail ot the
western empue. A larsf" poition, fiom one thud to two
thuds!, of the lands belonging to the vanquished piovmcials
was confiscated and pamtioned among their conquciors.
The last example in Emope ot such a conquest was thntof
England by William of Nounand>. Since that penod, among
the' civihzed nations of Chiistendom, conquest, even when
confirmed by a treaty of pcace, has been followed by no gen-
eral or partial transmutation of landed piopeity. The prop-
erty belonging to the Government of the vanquished nation
passes to the victorious State, which also takes the place of
the foimer sovereign, in lespect to the eminent domain, fn
oilier lespects, private rights aie unaffected by ennquest."
It may be proper here to say a few words in
regaid to the slave property of the rebels engaged
in this war. With regard to this species of prop-
erty the laws of war are silent, inasmuch as from
the necessity of the case it could have no means
of distinguishing the slaves of a hostile people
from the people themselves. In our own case,
although our generals might well know a negro
from a white man, yet, as all negroes are nut neces-
sarily slaves, they could not determine the ques-
tion as to which class any they met might belong.
It is their duty, then, to take things as they find
them, and consider the negroes simply as persons.
Then if they are hostile they are to be treated as
enemies, or if they are friendly they should be
treated as friends precisely as though they were
nut marked by any difference of complexion.
The next question which arises is, whether,
being friends, we should enroll them as soldiers
m our armies? The answer to this depends upon
another consideration. We have seen that the
President must make war according to the laws
of nations, and, of course, he must compel his
soldiers to observe those laws; and he would not
be warranted in enlisting such as could not, from
any cause, be so controlled and restrained. In this
way England violated the laws of war by employ-
ing the Indians against us in the Revolution, and
Everybody remembers the terrible denunciations
of Lord Chatham against it. The Indians were
savages who murdered women and children, and
burned their prisoners at the stake—with other
practices equally abhorrent to humanity—and
nobody could be justified in making soldiers of
them.
It follows, then, as a corollary from this, that
if the negroes of the South could be drilled and
disciplined so as to become obedient to the laws
of war, there is no valid objection to their being
employed for that purpose the same as other men.
But if, on the other hand, they are ignorant, bar-
barous, and savage to such an extent as coupled
with the fact that they belong to a race towards
which ours entertain strong antipathies, and from
their degraded and servile condition it would be
impossible to restrain them from committing out-
rages not allowable even against the enemy, then
they ought not to be employed in our ranks; and
to do so on our pait would biing down upon us
the odium of all Christendom, and the condemna-
tion of all good men.
This question, then, is one for the President
and his military advisers to decide; and I am con-
tent to confide it to them, as I am all other duties
devolved upon them by the laws and the Consti-
tution.
But it is said that because the Constitution con-
fers upon Congress the right " to make rules con-
cerning captures on land and water,"that this law
is proper to enable the President to make the cap-
tures itcontemplates. The answer is that the bill
docs not contemplate, apply, or relate to captures
at all; because in the case of a capture the right
to the thing capturcd depends solely upon the
taking, and in case of recapture by the first owner
Ins right reverts again; but this is a bill of for-
feiture and confiscation, or perhaps a confused
attempt at both, and if it could operate at all it
would pass the title to all the property of rebels
immediately to and vest it in the United States
without any capture or seizure of it whatever, the
law itself conferring seizin upon the UnitedStates
by the very terms of it.
Again: it is attempted to put the propriety of
this bill, and I suppose the constitutionality of it
too, upon the principle ruled in the case of the
United States vs. Brown,8 Cranch, 110,in which
it was held that enemy property in this country
at the declaration of war against Great Britain,
m 1812, was not confiscated by the fact of that
declaration, and that in order to do so an act of
Congicss was necessary—and so I think the law
is—for the reason that in that case the property
attempted to be confiscated was within the domain
of law, and the law—I mean here municipal law—
is of course supreme everywhere within its do-
main; but the properly which this bill attempts
to confiscate by the first section is in the country
of the belligerent, and therefore extra-territorial,
where the law can have no effect, and where wc are
obliged to operate by foice, or war. The legis-
Idtuie,therefore, has nothing to do with it till the
President captures it, (as he might in certain
cases be warranted in doing,) and then Congress
might make a In w for its disposition, either giving
it in whole or in part to the captors, or directing
the whole to be put into the public Treasury.
But I suppose it will be said that all the property
to be confiscated by this bill is now in this coun-
try, and therefore within the principle of the case
of Brown; if so, then I say the rebels are not bel-
ligerents; and if they are not belligerents, then we
have no right to confiscate their property, any
more than we have a right to forfeit it for crime.
Either form of the dilemma is fatal to the bill; nev-
ertheless, it is entitled to its choice of them.
This kind of vicious reasoning in a circle per-
vades the whole character of the bill, since it is
perfectly clear that it can only justify its claim to
confiscate on the grounds that the rebels are bellig-
erents and enemies outside tiie purview of the Con-
stitution; while on the other hand, it claims juris-
diction of them and their property as though they
were citizens, and within the Constitution. In this
way the constitutional guarantees, to which I have
referred, would all be nullified, and neither rebel
nor traitor would be recognized in the instrument.
We then mi<*ht forfeit all their property upon a
judgment against them as belligerents, and after-
wards hang them on the ground of their treason.
I submit, Mr. President, the proposition is absurd
and suicidal, carrying its own refutation on the-
face of it. •;
Sir,' I hope and trust some other and better way
than this will be found to punish those concerned
in this rebellion after it shall have beensuppressed,-
and that the method adopted, whatever it may be,
will not be one which will furnish cause for future*
revolts. Those who are to be punished at all,,
ought to be punished effectually under the Con~
stiiution, and according to the laws they have vio-
lated; and those who are to be forgiven ought to,
be forgiven fully and freely as it becomes, the maj-
esty of a great nation to forgive. Having rescued
the revolted States, and restored the dominion
over them to the loyal people within them, I would
have the traitors dealt with in such way as not
to endanger in the future either the happiness or
safety of such as have remained faithful through
the terrible ordeal to which they have been sub-
jected. In this I should consult their wishesand
defer much to their better judgment; but certainly I
would not do that which, in their opinion, would
leave them worse with the Union restored than
they would be with the confederacy sustained. I
would not offer bounties to make them rebels,
neither would I impose penalties or conditions
having the like effect. 1 look upon this bill as a„
measure of the latter kind—the natural conse-
quence of which would be to give to the rebels
the energy of despair, and to take from the loy-
alists every motive for fidelity. Pass this bill, and
the same messenger who carries it to the South
will come back to us with the news of theircom-
plete consolidation as one man. "We will then
nave done that which treason could not do; we,
ourselves, will then have dissolved the Union; we
shall have rent its sacred charterand extinguished
the last vestige of affection for it in the slave States
by our blind and passionate folly.
I am well aware, sir, of the object of this sec-
ond clause—emancipating the slaves of the refeels
—and I know there arc many who think that ought
to be done, because they tnink slavery the only
cause for the rebellion-. In considering this, it is
well to remember that there are now in the world,
and always will be, many great evils which God,
in his wisdom, and for his own purposes, has put
out of the reach of remedy, except in 1iis own way
and at his own time, and then his means are al-
ways adequate and very generally apparent. Four
millionsof negro slaves arc now in bondage in the
United States. "Where are the signs of their eman-
cipation? Have not hundreds of thousands of
these everywhere had ample opportunitiesto throw
off their chains within the last few months? Have
they done so? And if they have not done so,can
you compel them to exchange voluntary servitude
for involuntary freedom? I thought the world
was old enough by this time to know that they
who are entitled to freedom, themselves must
strike the blow which is to secure it, "Whatblow
has the negro struck for himself m this his fairest
opportunity? His rebel master, with a madness
to all other men incomprehensible, engaged him-
self in revolt, broke up the society in which he
lived, liberated all its elements, so that they are
free to act, and thus tacitly invited him to assert
his manhood? How has he availed himself of it?
Why, sir, just in the way one might have ex-
pected ;kno wing nothing of liberty, caring nothing
for it, he has lemained inactive as die domestic
animals around him, impelled, perhaps, by the
same unconscious instinct of dependence upon the
providence of a master wiser and stronger than
himself. A child always in the scale of develop-
ment, he may have had some child's conscious-
ness that the boon of liberty so ostentatiously of-
fered him by his over zealous friends might prove
to him fatal as the shirt of Nessus or the box of
Pandora, and he still hesitates and hugs his chains.
I have no hope of him yet, though, God knows,
I would have him free, free as I am myself, if free-
dom be his choice, through the strife and agony
by which he as all men must purchase it. Eternal
vigilance and continual struggle is the price of
liberty.
In conclusion, I have only to say that I hope
this bill will not pass, and that we may all address
ourselves to the matters we have in hand, that are
really necessaiy to our success in the gieatstrug-
gle in which wc are engaged.
Surely there is no calf for us that we should turn
out of our safe way to tread upon dubious ground-
Surely we have enemies enough already, without
