2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mi\ SIMMONS. Then I move to take up that
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committe'e of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H.R. No. 269) to establish a
Department of Agriculture, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Foster, to strike
outali after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert a substitute.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to propose an amend-
ment to the original bill. I notice that some ob-
jection has been made that it does not provide
that a report shall be made to Congress. I did
not notice the omission. 1 move, in the thirteenth
line of the third section, after the word " Presi-
dent, " to insert the words "and to Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I have a single word
to say with reference to the substitution of the
proposition of the Senator from Connecticut for
the original bill. As it has been amended by him,
or with his consent, it provides no duty to this
Department that is not provided for in the present
bill. It increases the number of clerks somewhat;
for what purpose I cannot conceive. I suppose,
however, it is because there were other duties as-
signed when his amendment was drawn. I have
another objection to the proposed substitute: it
simply creates a bureau instead of a department,
as has been prayed for by the agriculturists for a
great many years. I hold in my hand a petition
of the National Agricultural Society, signed by
its president and other officers, praying for the
establishment of the identical measure proposed
in the original bill, in which they set out a great
many reasons for it. The president of the so-
ciety was before the committee this morning, urg-
ing us to puss the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives; representing that it would be
greatly more satisfactory to the agriculturists than
anything they had seen. As it called for no money,
he thought it was a very good beginning for this
Department, and he hoped Congress would pass
it. I do not see the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,] who this morning started a con-
stitutional question about this matter, in his scat.
If he were here, I would read a little extract from
this memorial which, I think, might possibly ic-
movc his objection. Me lias a great veneration
for the authority quoted in this memorial, and I
suppose it would remove his troubles in that re-
gard. These parties say:
" The obligation of our Government to promote the agri-
cultuic of the country has frequently been asserted in the
most authoritative manner. Our first paternal President
urged the eueouia^cment of agriculture by our national
Government, as of e primary importance' to the country.
And our present excellent Chief Magistrate, in his recent
annual message, earnestly recommended the creation of a
proper Agricultural Department for the promotion of the
great interests of husbandry. The Secretaiy of the Inte-
rior who supervises the present imperfect establishment,
in his recent ableicport, oarncstlyadviscs the organisation
of a proper Agricultural Department.'5
For myself, I do not want any better authority
for supporting a measure than that a similar prop-
osition had been urged by the Father of his Coun-
try.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that the first President recommended
a separate Department of the Government for ag-
ncuituie?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. I read from the
memorial, and I will read it again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That lie recommended
such a measure as this?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. The memorial
states that the present Chief Magistrate recom-
mended it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does he recommend the
establishment of a separate Department?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOSTER. I guess not.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then these memorialists are
mistaken. I do not vouch for it. It is signed by
the president of the society. I will read it again:
'•The obligation of our Government to promote the agri-
culture of the country has frequently been asserted in the
mo<t authoritative mannei. Our first paternal President
ujged the oncouiagcment of agriculture by our national
Government, as of e primary importance' to the country-
Ami our present excellent Chief Magistrate, in his recent
annual message, earnestly recommended the creation of a
piopei Agrieultmal Department for tho promotion of the
«ieat interests of Ims-bamlry. The Seeretaiy of the Inte-
rior. who supervises the pic^cnt imperfect establishment
in hi- recent able repoit < armMjy Advises the organization
of.i proper Agucultuial Department.''
Mr. FOSTER. A bureau under him.
Mr. SIMMONS. He does not call it so. That
seems now, according to gentlemen, to have dwin-
dled down to a bureau. They all recommended
national encouragement to agriculture, and the
President and Secretary of the Interior have rec-
ommended an Agricultural Department.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment, I will call his attention to
what the President does say. I read from the
message:
ii Agriculture, confessedly the largest interest in the na-
tion, lias not a Department or a bureau, butacierkshiponly
assigned to it in the Government."
Then he goes on to say:
It is fortunate that tiiis great interest is so independent
in its nature as not to have demanded and extorted more
from the Government. T respectfully ask Congress to con-
sider whether something more cannot be given voluntarily,
with general advantage."
He does not recommend a Department.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not look into the mes-
sage to see whether these folks had got it right.
Nobody has read what the Secretary of the Inte-
rior said. Did he recommend a Department ?
Mr. FOSTER. No, sir; he did not.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then these folks are mis-
taken.
Mr. FOSTER. They are mistaken, clearly.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, the committee unan-
imously recommend a Department; and we will
take the responsibility of that. I think that the
bill proposed by the committee, with the amend-
ments they have made, is much better prepared
and much better guarded than the substitute of-
fered by the Senator from Connecticut. That sub-
stitute makes no provision for the accountability
of these officers for the expenditure of the money
at all. It makes no provision for the chief clerk
to act as Commissioner of Agriculture in the ab-
sence of the chief. The committee thought of all
these things, and endeavored to perfect a bill that
would secure a faithful administration of this es-
tablishment.
* I have found a great deal of trouble in getting
this matter acted upon by the Senate. I know the
fact that for a great many years the agricultural
interests of this country have been struggling to
get a recognition of their important business by
the Government. They want a separate organi-
zation, so that they shall call it theirs, I suppose.
They produce considerably more than half of nil
that is produced in the country. The producing
classes of this country produce, by their sturdy
labor, four thousand millions annually. Fully
three fourths of the whole people are engaged in
this pursuit, and I venture to say that not one
quarter of those productions is consumed by that
three fourths, while the non-producers consume
as much as the whole three fourths. Look into the
statistics, and you will come to that conclusion.
1 have heard ltobjected to this proposed Depart-
ment that we recommend, that it will grow and be-
come exorbitant in its demands upon the Treas-
ury, that it will loom up into the nature of a
Cabinet appointment. I have had some little ex-
perience in agriculture; I have had some experi-
ence here; and as I said the other day, 1 know of
no class of people, no great branch of industry
that have importuned Congress so little. I scarcely
ever sec a memorial here for the expenditure of a
dollar for it. You never sec a farmer here. While
others are trying to get their hands into the Treas-
ury up to their elbows, the farmers are at home
about their work. They lean upon the handles
of their plows rather than upon this Government
for supporting their families. Sir, I am astonished
at the opposition made here to a mere recognition
of that class. They do not depend much upon the
Government aid. They have never been very so-
licitous to obtain it, but they do desire, and I have
noticed in their meetings a very great anxiety to
get tlus sort of an establishment here to recognize
their industry, the great and leading feature in the
country. That is what I want. If it does not
cost us anything we can be liberal, and at the
same time economical. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. HALE. I had the floor on this subject the
other day, and had just opened my mouth to speak
upon it when the Chair interrupted me and left me
in that position, like a dog that opened his mouth
to bark at a tiain, but which passed by before he
was ready. [Laughter.j I have but very little to
say upon it, but that little I want to say now.
I know, sir, it was one of the great cflorts of
Mr. Webster in the last days of his life, if by any
possibility he could do it, to extricate the ques-
tion of manufactures, and ihe tariff, as it related to
manufactures, from that political whirlpool into
which politicians had dragged it. The latter years
of his life were earnestly, strenuously, and perse-
veringly devoted to that end, to extract manufac-
tures and the tariff from the arena of political in-
fluences and discussions. He hardly succeeded,
sir. I remember that, not many years since, 1 was
present at a meeting of the State Agricultuial So-
ciety in my own State, and, as I was not much of
a practical farmer, I suppose it was rather com-
plimentary to the position with which the good
people of the State had honored me I was called
upon to say somethingto the agricultural society.
I turned over in my mind something that I might
possibly say that might be suggestive, or make
some suggestion that was worthy of their consid-
eration. It occurred to me that there was one
fortunate circumstance in reference to agriculture
which neither commerce nor manufactures had.
It was this: that that great art, communicated from
the divine Author of our being to man when He
made him and placed him on the globe, and sub-
jected the earth to his use and made it his lot to
get his living from the earth, by the good provi-
dence of God had thus far been kept out of the
hands of politicians; that they depended upon
themselves, upon their mother earth, and their
father God, for whatever of success they might
achieve; and that that was one of the happy cir-
cumstances of the condition in which they were
placed.
Now, sir, I venture to remark that the great
anxiety to have agriculture elevated to a Depart-
ment of this Government, and finally to a seat in
the Cabinet, for that is what it looks to, does not
come from the men of whom my excellent friend
from Rhode Island speaks, that lean upon their
plow-handles; hut it comes from the men who
want them to take their hands off the plow-handle
and vote for them at the ballot-box. Those are
the men who I think are mainly instrumental in
this effort to elevate agriculture. My own opin-
ion, whatever that is worth, is, that agriculture
does not want any of this assistance. If the genius
of agriculture could be impersonated and could
come here to-day, its prayer to the American Con-
gress would be, " for God's sake, let us alone.M
They would say as the manufacturers of France
said to Bonaparte, when in the zenith of his power
he called some of them and said, " now what can
I do for you, for the manufactures of France?"
" Let us alone,'5 was the answer. It appears to
me that " let us alone" would be the prayer that
agriculture would put up to Congress to do if it
said anything. I do not believe that the real and
permanent interests of agriculture will be pro-
moted by any of the movements that are on foot
for it. If there is anything to be done, I am for
that measure which does the least. The Senator
from Rhode Island suggests that the measure he
recommends is the one which does the least and
interferes the least. If it is, I am for that; but I
think the whole thing is a mistake. If you make
a separate Department of this, you will have it
with a Cabinet minister before long. Go into the
President's room in this Capitol and you will see
painted upon the walls, first Washington, and then
on the panels around live heads of Departments,
a part of whom only constituted hisCabmet. Now
there are seven heads of Departments, with places
in the Cabinet. The Navy Department and the
Departmentof the Interior have been created since
the administration of Washington, other heads
of existing Departments have taken place in the
Cabinet, increasing it from three to seven,and this
Agricultural Department will soon furnish an-
other. Such is the growth of the Cabinet.
But, sir, I think the time is inopportune for
creating a new Department of this Government.
I think it had better remain as it is. I did not
intend to make a speech about it, and do not mean
to do so now. 1 simply throw out for considera-
tion what my own views are. My vote will be
in accordance with the suggestions that I have
made.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am very happy to find that
the Senator from New Hampshire takes precisely
the same view of this subject that the president
of the society did this morning before the com-
mittee. It was the great desire of those he rep-
resented to disconnect this from any of the De-
