2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
interrupting proceedings and to evade some other
rule. 1 will not charge him.with it now. Whether
his course with regard to that was proper is for
him to judge. Whether it was proper for him to
interrupt me at this time it is not for me to say.
The Senator knows how I came to be on the floor.
He knows that the Senator from Illinois made a
direct appeal to me  
Mr. HALE. I did not call the Senator from
Connecticut to order.
Mr. DIXON. I know that; but the Senator
rose to a point of order while I was speaking, and
read the 2d rule, with what view I leave the Sen-
ate to say, L do not wish to say a word about it.
He probably thinks it was from a proper motive.
If I had done it, I should have said it was im-
proper; but he is so much better a judge of pro-
priety than I am, that lam compelled to suppose
it is proper.
Now, sir, let me remind that Senator and the
Senator from Illinois how it came that I was ad-
dressing the Senate at this time. As 1 was say-
ing, the Senator from Illinois charged me with
being the advocate of the slavish doctrine that the
President of the United States could appoint mili-
tary Governors of the States; lie read the Consti-
tution lo show that the President had no power
to appoint them, and then lie called on m« to know
whether 1 approved it, to give a categorical an-
swer, "yes" or "no." Although the Senator
alludes to my "honest heart" in my gratification
at seeing him opposed to the Administration, lie
says honest Abe has done all this, honest Abra-
ham Lincoln has done all this, and yet he is no
opponent of lii.s! Oh, no! Mr. Lincoln likes
such attacks as these ! It is a ptoof of friendship
to rise in the Senate of the United States and say
that he has appointed two or three military Gov-
ernors of States without the .slightest authority
in the Constitution—a thing which has excited,
1 may say, the ire of the Senator from Illinois.
He certainly lias expressed himself very warmly;
he has wrought himself up to a degree of indigna-
tion, compared with which the equatorial stoims
are gentle zephyrs, in denouncing this encroach-
ment of the President of the United States, and
denouncing me for sustaining and defending it;
and still ho says he is the friend of the President
in all this, thinks he lnis done honestly, and 1
do not know but thinks he has done right.
Now, then, one word more, for I will only take
a few minutes' time. The Senator says that I said
I was glad that he was in the Opposition, t doubt
whether I said that. 1 am not glad of it. 1 want
the powerful aid of that Senator in supportof the
Administration. I said, or I meant to say, that I
would rather lie would bo openly in opposition
to the Administration than be a secret pretended
friend who would stand up here claiming to be a
friend of Abraham Lincoln, and at the same time
denounce him as having been guilty of this en-
croachment upon the Constitution. If there is to
be an opposition to the Administration,! desire it
to be open and manly. 1 confess I do dislike to
sec men who pretend to be friends of an Admin-
istration attack in violent, angry language the
course of that Administration. Why, sir, this is
about the most important thing President Lin-
coln has done. It is a very important step which
he has taken. Ho has taken one of our number,
a distinguished patriot—I may call him by name,
for his name is historical—Andrew Johnson, of
Tennessee; he has taken him from our number
and made him military Governor of Tennessee.
Sir, if he has done anything since he has been
' President of the United States for which he has
the thanks of the American people, it is that act.
i justify it. 1 wilt not mouse around in the rec-
ords of the Constitution, or among diy and dusty
iaw books to see whether that was a justifiable
act by constitutional law. Still, 1 will say that I
believe it was; but I am unwilling, and I acknowl-
edge it, to see a Senator stand here, claiming to
be a friend of the Administration, and a friend of
the President, denouncing those who sustain him
as sycophants, and at the same time use the lan-
guage which he did with regard to this act. Sir,
1 need not remind the Senate with what fierceness
I might almost say ferocity, the Senator attacked
this act of the President. When I came in a few
moments ago, my attention was aroused by the
excited state of that Senator's mind. His gestic-
ulation was violent, his voice was loud, his tones
were angry, because the President of the United
States had encroached upon the Constitution, had
committed acts which he had norightto commit,
and had appointed officers, the appointments of
whom were acts of usurpation. Well, sir, he
then turned upon me, and said that I had defended
it. It is true I had. I think it was right. I do
justify it. As I have already said, they were acts
which thepeopleof the United States willjustify.
I think the President had the right to do it. I ex-
plained in my remarks yesterday that I thought
there was possibly a defect in calling him Gov-
ernorof North CarolinaorTcnncssee; but Isaid
I thought that was a technical point.
Now, sir, with regard to any feeling upon this
subject for myself, I have none at all. The Sen-
ator attacked me, as I thought, pretty severely.
I defended myself as well as 1 could. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not expect that the
Senator was going to interpolate a speech into
what I was saying when I gave him the floor;
but I am glad he has talked himself into good hu-
mor, So much, at least, has been accomplished.
I alluded to the appointment of a Governor in
Noith Carolina as an illustration of the danger of
claiming unwarranted powers for the Executive.
If the Senator from Connecticut had listened to
me he wouid have known that I was denouncing
this assumption of unlimited power for the Pres-
ident. I was not denouncing what Mr. Lincoln
had done. I was endeavoring to show that these
advocates for prerogative and despotism in the
President were advocating a doctrine dangerous to
constitutional liberty. I had said, upon a former
occasion, that I apprehended no danger from the
present Chief Magistrate of the nation; that he
was not a man to assume unwarranted power.
Mr. DIXON. You say he has done it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By way of illustration, to
show the danger of powers being assumed which
ought not to be exercised, even by men the least
disposed to claim unwarranted authority, I .\1-
luded to this instance of the appointment of Mr.
Stanly as Governor of North Carolina. I think
there is no authority for it. The case of Andrew
Johnson is not similar. I have not alluded to it.
The Senator must know that he was appointed a
brigadier general by the President, and confirmed
hero in the Senate, for the very purpose of exer-
cisingauthority in connection with affairs in Ten-
nessee.
Mr. DIXON. Is he not acting as military
Governor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose he is acting as
military Governor.
Mr. DIXON. Hashenotacommissionassuch?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose he has
any other commission than that of brigadier gen-
eral.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose he has the same as
Governor Stanly. In point of fact, I think you
will find he has.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me not be misunder-
stood; I do not deny the authority of a command-
ing general anywhere to assign one of his officers
to police duties; but ho cannot make an officerout
of a person holding noofficial position; and itwas
in order to illustrate the danger of this claim set
up in favor of presidential prerogative that I re-
ferred to the North Carolina case. I do not sup-
pose that Mr. Lincoln nor any other mortal man
is omniscient. Omniscience does not belong to
mortals. I have no apprehension of getting my-
self in hostility lo the President or raising any un-
friendly feeling between him and myself, because
I tell him frankly, as I should if I had conversed
with him on this subject, that, in my judgment, it
was unwarrantable for him to appoint any man
to an office when there was no law creating the
office, and it was not done by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate; but I recognize his
right to detail officers already in the public service
to perform public duties. I recognize his right to
employ marshals to perform duties, but he cannot
make a marshal without the advice and consent
of the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will permit me a
moment, I will correct one error of fact. I am
informed that Andrew Johnson has precisely the
same commission, in the same language, that has
been given to Governor Stanly, and has never
qualified under his appointment as brigadier gen-
eral at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, if he is not
acting under the authority that was given here, I
think that is a mistake. He ought to act under
his authority as brigadier general. He has au-
thority to act as such; ho was nominated and coil-
firmed as such. We all know that; and in that
capacity he undoubtedly could act.
Mr. DIXON. If it was so ptoper for thePres-
ident to do this, why was it so heinous an offense
for me to justify it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator certainly mis-
understands me. I do not say it was proper for
Andrew Johnson, except in his capacity as an offi-
cer in the Army, to do it.
Mr. DIXON. I speak of the President appoint-
ing him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say that, in my judg-
ment, it was wrong in the President to authorize
lum to exercise any power as an officer, cxcept
by virtue of his office as brigadier general.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator denounces me for
justifying what he sustains the President in doing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not justify the Presi-
dent in doing it. Is the Senator from Connecticut
not willing to understand me ? I say I think it is a
mistake on the part of the President and a mistake
on the part of the Senator from Connecticut. Can
he understand that ?
Mr. DIXON. The Senator denounced it as a
heinous offense on my part before. Now it is only
a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I denounced itasa heinous
offense on the part of the Senator from Connecti-
cut to get up here and justify unwarranted assump-
tions of power. I think the President himself will
be glad to divest himself of the exercise of this
power, and I want the Senator from Connecticut
to act with me to-morrow, if he will, and pass a
law authorizing the President of the United States
to appoint governors and judges and the other ne-
cessary officers in the rebellious districts that are
reduced to subjection to the Constitution and the
laws. I want his help to pass the bill introduced
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
and reported, and lying upon your table, to give
this authority. 1 hope, when the bill comes up,
we shall not have the Senator rising here and de-
nouncing it as an attack on the President. I have
no doubt we shall have the cooperation of the
President in passingthatlaw,and lhave nodoubt,
when the bill is passed, he will sign it cheerfully,
and regret that it was not passed earlier.
But, sir, I am not to be drawn into a discussion
in regard to the President. I did not bring Mr.
Lincoln into this discussion; but he has been
thrust in by the Senator from Connecticut. My
argument, so far as I have made any, has gone to
show the danger of claiming these powers for the
Executive, without reference to who,for the time
being, fills the office. It is just as dangerous to
claim these high prerogatives as belonging to the
office at one time as another. The principle is as
dangerous, though the exercise of the power may
be much less likely to occur under one President
than under another; and I think it would be very
unlikely to occur to any considerable extent un-
der the present Chief Magistrate. I know, sir,
and the President will tell the Senator from Con-
necticut so, if he will ask him, that he was com-
pelled, in the earlier stages of this rebellion, to
exercise authority not warranted by law. I justi-
fied him. Before Congress got together, it was
necessary to do something to save the Govern-
ment; but when we came together, clothed with
power to give him all the authority requisite to
administer the Government, and to put down the
rebellion, I say the fault is oti the Senator from
Connecticut, and on myself, and on all of us, if
we do not pass the proper laws.
Mr. DlXON. The Senator says that before
Congress came together he justified the President
in taking certain steps in violation of law, or
rather without law, to preserve the country in its
then condition. I suppose that was one of the
instances in which he showed his—I will notsay
friendship for the Administration, but that was
one of the modes that he adopted in supporting
it, for what was one of the first things he did here
at the commencement of this session ? About the
very first thing that Senator did was to introduce
a resolution calling on the Administration to in-
form the country under what law certain acts had
been performed which he says now he justified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I did not say I
justified them.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator said, within a very
