1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2975
few moments, that up to the session of Congress
he justified the President in the course he took
without law. I think the record will show it.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut, I suppose, does not mean to misrepre-
sent me.
Mr. DIXON. Certainly I do not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that I just-
ified the President in the course that he took. I
said that I justified the President in doing certain
things, without naming them. But Congress met
in July last,and then could give the requisite au-
thority. I never justified the President in doing
things that were unnecessary to be done, and I
trust the Senator from Connecticut would not.
Mr. DIXON. I think the distinction is not
very bioad. The Senator said that certain things
were done that were in violation of law 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. DIXON. Or rather without law; illegal
acts, which he was in favor of up to the session
of Congress. That, I think, he has just stated.
As I said before, when Congress met, the first
thing that Senator did to show how he justified
those acts was to introduce a resolution asking the
Administration to show under what law these acts
had been committed. I took occasion to oppose
the resolution of the Senator at the time; I took
ground in opposition to his then view; I thought
he was wrong then; and if the Senator would not
be offended at my saying so—perhaps it would be
better not to say it, but I cannot avoid saying that
I thought at that time his course was not remark-
ably friendly, though, perhaps, he so intended it,
because he has rather a peculiar mode of showing
friendship to an Administration, rather by oppos-
ing some of its measures than any sycophancy in
approving what it has done.
He says that both he and I have been in fault,
that we ought to have acted, that we ought to have
passed laws which would have enabled the Pres-
ident. to act. Now, I will thank the Senator to
confess for himself. I am not chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee. I do not hold that respons-
ible position. No bill was presented to the Senate
and referred to me four months ago for this very
purpose. I have not slumbered in quiet four
months over a bill which the Senator says he and
I ought to have passed. He has had it in his
pocket for the last four months. He reported it
about a week ago. Has he ever called it up ? Has
he ever attempted to furnish the President of the
United States with the legal means of doing what
he now says the President has done illegally. I
do think that if any Senator's mouth is closed on
this subject, if there is a Senator here who ought
not to assail the President of the United States
for appointing military governors in any of the
States, it is the honorable Senator from Illinois,
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who has
had that bill in his pocket for the space of four
months past.
But he thinks that this denunciation of his of
the course the President has pursued is a mode of
showing friendship to the Administration. Well,
sir, perhaps I did wrong in alluding to it. As I
said before, I have no feeling, certainly none but
kindness to the Senator fromlllinois; but that Sen-
ator, as I have already intimated,as I have thought
in an improper, in an angry tone denounced what
I had said. Perhaps it was only his manner. I
know the Senator is earnest in his talk; perhaps
it was only earnestness; but in what seemed to
me an angryand offensive manner, turning round
and pointing directly to me, he charged me with
having justified assumptions of authority not au-
thorized by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN*. I ask my friend to with-
draw the motion for a moment, and I will renew it.
Mr. KING. The hour is late, and we are with-
out a quorum. That is the reason I made the
motion to adjourn; but I withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not design to say
anything on this subject; but I wish to say to the
Senate and to gentlemen who are desirous of pass-
ing the confiscation bill, that I shall be compelled,
if this debategoeson,tointerruptit,and move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the ap-
propriation bills. I shall be obliged to do so for
this reason, not that we have fixed a day for ad-
journment, but because I have become entirely
satisfied that unless we finish the absolutely ne-
cessary business of the session within a few days,
we shall be without a quorum. One of the Sena-
tors from Minnesota has left; I believe one of the
Senators from California has left; and I am warned
by other Senators that they will have to leave be-
fore many days. I hope, really, that within a
very short:period, after the repeated debates we
have had on this subject, gentlemen will let us
come to a vote pretty soon. It is not, of course,
for me to dictate when. I make this suggestion
merely with reference to what will be exceedingly
unpleasant to me if I am compelled to do it, and
that is to interrupt the course of business on this
bill by bringing forward another bill. I now re-
new the motion to adjourn, as I promised to do.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I called for the yeas and
nays, because I believe there is a quorum in the
Chamber or about the Chamber, and because I
want to have a vote on this important measure;
and if there be not a quorum here, I want to have
it appear on the record who are absent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. KING. Not on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. KING. That motion was withdrawn.
They may be reordered on this motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope we may reach
a vote on the confiscation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate adjourn. It is not debatable.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not propose to
debate it, but merely to notify the Senate that I
shall be compelled to leave the city in a very short
time, and I uo not want to leave the Senate until
the confiscation and emancipation bills are passed;
and I should like to have a vote this evening if we
can get it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 13.; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Chandler,
Davis, Hailan, Harris, Henderton, Howard, King, Lane of
Indiana, Powell, Stark, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kmsoii, and Wtlmot—18.
NAYS—{Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittlc, Fe*-
senden, Foot, Foster, Lane of Kansas, Nesimth, I'omeroy,
Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 27, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Byron Sun-
derland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 336) for
the further distribution of public documents; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House; and also that it insisted upon its amend-
ments to bill of the House No. 371, to prescribe an
oath of office, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House, and agreed to the conference asked,
and had appointed Messrs. Trumbull, Davis, and
King the managers of said conference on its part.
LOSS OF UNITED STATES VESSELS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, official reports of the wreck of the trans-
port steamer Governor and of the search for the
United States ships Vermont and Sabine; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF SELECT COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House re-
ports from the Clerk and Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House, transmitting, in compliance with an order
of the House, the desired information relative to
the expenses of select committees; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question which
affects the Journal of the House. Yesterday a res-
olution was adopted in reference to certain inform-
ation to be furnished by the Secretary of the In-
terior in connection with the pension roll. In order
to avoid unnecessary trouble in that Department,
that resolution ought to be considered as a substi-
tute for the resolution,of the House adopted on the
16th of this month. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, the Journal be corrected in that regard.
Mr. Holman's resolution was thensoamended,
by unanimous consent, as to provide that the in-
formation called for should be in lieu of that de-
sired in the resolution of the 16th of June, 1861.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTES.
Mr. COLFAX. I now withdraw the motion
which I made yesterday to recommit the bill to
establish additional post routes, and to ask that it
be put on its passage. I have some, additional
routes to add to the bill which I move as one
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN TRUST BONDS.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Indian Affairs a bill relating to the trust funds
of several Indian tribes invested by the Govern-
ment in the State bonds abstracted from the cus-
tody of the late Secretary of the Interior, in order
that it may be ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to the bill
being introduced and referred, with the under-
standing that it is not to be brought back on a mo-
tion to reconsider.
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The regular order of-business being called for,
The SPEAKER announced the regular oider
of business to be the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 401) relating to claims for the loss and de-
struction of property belonging to loyal citizens,
and damages done thereto by the troops of the
United States during the present rebellion; upon
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wick-
liffe] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless there is some good
reason to the contrary, I would like the House to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union and pass the tariff bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want the House to con-
siderand passa bill forthe relief of loyal men who
have been ruined by the Army. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania can get his measure through at
anytime. The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Noell,] has appealed to me to yield him the floor
to finish his argument on this bill, and I very
cheerfully do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri was entitled to the floor, and not being pres-
ent, the floor was assigned to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, when this prop-
osition was under consideration the other day, I
remarked that I believed that the sense of justice
of the House would secure to the persons for
whose benefit this proposition was reported some
means of compensation for their more than due
proportion of the burdens for suppressing this
rebellion. I had also remarked that the question
for us now to consider was as to the mode and
means of accomplishing this object.
There are several means by which the compen-
sation can be reached. First, as I before re-
marked, we may consider the means in the com-
mittees of Congress and in Congress—that they
may pass upon these claims,as has been the prac-
tice with all claims ever since the beginningof
the Government. To this mode of compensation
there are several objections.
First, there never will be an end of these claims
against the Government if the claimants are to
assert them here, and th^y are left to the discre-
tion of Congress, with no machinery provided by
which the justice of the claims can be ascertained
at an early period.
Another objection to this mode of adjusting
these claims is this: that the evidence by which
committees and the two Houses of Congress are
controlled isalways ex parte. It is brought up here
by claimants who have large claims, and with this
