1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
opinion that the ballot-boxes, being in the custody
of the law, being kept as prescribed in the law,
although insecure, were to be presumed, in the
absence of testimony that they were tampered
with, us having been kept safely, and were of
opinion that these boxes should be recounted. It
was in the absence of any direct testimony that
the majority of the committee came to that con-
clusion. However, the House differed with that
majority, and established what the committee
might have treated as a precedent: that is, that if
the boxes were kept in an insecure place, although
it was the place prescribed bylaw, it was not safe,
even if there was no testimony as to their being
tampered with, to allow a recount of them to con-
trol the sworn return made on the night of the
election. The committee might well consider it-
self bound by that precedent. It was a conclu-
sion which had great force upon its judgment.
But the case is not that. This case has all the
elements of that case, and something more. The
ballot-boxes* were in that case, as in this, in the
custody of the law for a period of three or more
months. They were in just such a custody—in
a custody which the committee felt, in this case
as in the othei, to have been insecure—in a place
where they were exposed,and where there might
have been tampering with them. I do not say
that the committee would have reversed its de-
cision, if that were all. But, touching three of
these boxes, there was positive testimony which
shook all faith that the committee might otherwise
have had in the integrity of the boxes, and espe-
cially when arrayed agains.t.sworn returns. The
committee did not feel at liberty to control the re-
turns by these boxes. Conceding to the contest-
ant all of the recount which lie has obtained, he is
elected by only a majority of eight. In three of
these boxes he has claimed to have gained fifty-
four votes. It would be necessary for him to avail
himself of these three boxes entirely m order to
change the result. Accordingly both the sitting
member and contestant directed the attention of
the committee especially to these three boxes—
the contestant to what he claimed to be evidence
of the security of these boxes, and the sitting
member to what he claims to be proof that the
boxes had been tampered with. 1 piopose sim-
ply to call the attention of the House to these three
boxes, and then, on the conclusions which the
House shall feel bound to come to touching them, i
will be decided the whole case.
The views of the committee touching these three
boxes will be found in the report, commencing
on the 8th page and closing on the I2tli page.
The first is the third division of the eleventh ward.
This box was received by the alderman, and there
is no doubt about its identity. The alderman
thought, when it was opened, that it was in the
same state m which it was when he received it.
He had no doubt in his own mind of that fact.
He put it, after sealing it, in the vestibule or portico
of his office, on a shelf over the door, with other
boxes; and there it remained till it was taken by
him, with other boxes, and carried by him and
the constable of the ward, on the 7th or 8th of Jan-
uary, to the magistiate to be opened. The con-
stable of the ward was named McKinney. The
boxes were not opened on that day, and were
taken back by these two men to the same place.
The next day they were carried to the office of
the magistrate and opened. McKinney, however,
testifies to this circumstance: that, on the day be-
fore the box was taken to the magistrate-—while
the alderman was absent from the office and he
(McKinney) was there alone—a stranger came to
the office, and told him he was sent by the magis-
trate for this box. The constable helped him to
get the box. The stranger took it and put it in a
basket, covered it up with a cloth, and carried it
off. This was about ten o'clock m the morning.
About three o'clock in the afternoon he brought it
back. About seven o'clock in the afternoon, ac-
cording to the testimony of McKinney, the alder-
man came back to his office, not entirely sober.
On the next day the ballot-box was taken, by
order of the magistrate, to the office by the alder-
man and constable; and the magistrate not being
ready to open it, it was taken back and kept an-
other day, and again carried to the magistrate's
office by these same parties.
No one knows, so far as the testimony is con-
cerned, what was the purpose of thisman in tak-
ing the box away. It does not appear that the
"box was actuall y carried to the magistrate's office,
nor does it appear what was done with it during
those five hours. The contestant attacks the char-
acter of McKinney, and says his story is not to
be believed—that he was indicted and convicted
of extortion, or of obtaining money under false
pretenses, that he had been pardoned by the Gov-
ernor, and had since been elected constable of the
ward. Alderman Williams, in whose office this
constable was, testifies that he would not believe
him under oath. However that may be, the com-
mittee was called upon by the contestant to take
this box after it had kept such company, and allow
it to control the sworn returns of the judges made
on the night of the election. The committee did
not feel it necessary to come to the conclusion
either that .McKinney was an honest man and his
story to be believed, or that he was a rascal, and
therefore unfit to take care of the box; because,
in either case, the committee lost confidence in the
box. It lost confidence in it if McKinney were
an honest man; and it certainly ought to lose con-
fidence in it if he were so great a scoundrel as he
was tried to be shown on the part of the con-
testant. The committee could not say that the
•box which had kept such company as tbatshould
be allowed to control the sworn returns of the
election judges; and therefore the committee re-
jected that. That in itself would decide the case,
because it was claimed that in this box the con-
testant gained thirty votes,and his entire majority
was but eight.
The second box was in the third division of the
sixteenth ward. The alderman who kept that box
kept it for a while under the desk in his office, and
then having built a new house, he removed it to
the cellar or his new house, which upon one side
was boarded up'to inclose it from the outside.
There it was kept with the other boxes until it
was brought to the magistrate's office to be exam-
ined, sometime about the 8th of January. This
magistrate, who kept the boxes, was one of the
two magistrates before whom all the testimony on
the part of the contestant was taken. It appears
that he took the box to the magistrate's office two
days before it was opened, the magistrates not
being ready to proceed with the case. Instead of
■ being taken back and kept in the custody of the
j law until they were ready to proceed, he put it in
1 an unfastened closet in the magistrate's office—in
■ a closet that had no lock upon it—and there it re-
mained from Thursday until Saturday. Who was
in the office during that time, or who might have
approached this box, he does riot know. It lost
the custody of the law from that moment, and had
no longer that force or weight which the law gives
to it from the fact that it is kept according to law.
When they came to open it, the magistrate in
whose custody it should have been kept, became
very much alarmed. He came to be impressed
with the idfa that something was wrongaoout the
box. He thought at first the sealing-wax was so
fresh upon it that it could not have possibly been
placed upon it in October; and he went down into
his cellar, and compared it with the sealing-wax
upon the others; but found them also fresh, and
he became satisfied there was nothing in that sus-
picion. But he testifies that he could not sleep
for two nights, he was so impressed with the idea
that the box had been tampered with. He could
not divest his mind of the impression that the box
had been changed or tampered with.
While down in the cellar, looking into these
matters, the alderman, in whose office the box had
been left for the two days, camc down there, and
wanted to know what he was about. He told
him of the uneasiness he had felt in consequence
of this suspicion of his. Alderman Rernick, how-
ever, told him that there was no occasion for him
to indulge in any fears or suspicions about the
matter. His testimony upon this point will be
found upon page 10 of the report, and is this:
f believe I told him that I \va- unnoivod. I had not
slept for two niirht-, and I wa< fairly tiemblinir then, which
waas shown by the fluid lamp which I held in my hand.
/k Question. Did Akicnn.ui Jlcimck makeany reply in the
presence ot_\Jr V>rie<?? It -jo, what if was. Give,
ne.uh \ou c.m, Ins own would.
'• [Uue<tion objected to.]
?is.£•<>?. t beiicv* he laughed iit me, and t-aid I was a
damned tool; that is a< near as 1 can iccollect.'-'
When the box came to be opened the commit-
ter had the benefit of the tally hst, or exact copies i
of it. it was claimed that when it was opened |
there was found to be a gam for Kline of thirty i
votes in this box. It was found, on comparing'
the votes with the tally list, that this state ofJjtos
existed. You will recollect that the profess o£
counting is, to count ten ballots for one man, twist
them together, and make a mark on the tally list;
then they count teo .more, twist them together^
make another mark, and so on, making separate
marks for the odd votes. The bundles of ten are
placed back in the box, and it is sealed up: When"
the box was opened it was found that the bundles
of ten corresponded exactly with the tally list.
The odd tickets also corresponded' with the marks
on the tally list indicating odd tickets. So far all
was right.
But when they came to open the bundles often
for the sitting member, they found inside the
bundles, ballots with stickers on them—stickers
having the name of the contestant upon them.
One bundle would have one, another two, and
another three of these ballots with stickers. It
was claimed: by the contestant that these ballots
with stickers were evidently intended for him,
and that they had been overlooked in the count;
that by mistake, the whole of these tickets had
been counted for the sitting member; and that in
this way mistakes of thirty votes were made.
This ballot-box, at the request of the sitting
member, after the'ballots had been returned to it,
in bundles, precisely as found when opened at
the magistrateoffice, was sealed up again, and
sent here to the Clerk of the House. It was pro-
duced and opened in the presence of the Commit-
tee of Elections; and when they came to open the
bundles of ten, they were counted and compared
with the tally list. Those tickets with stickers
upon them were printed upon white paper; the
stickers were upon yellow paper, pasted upon the
white ballots, forming a contrast that could not
be mistaken; discoverable as far as you could see
the ballot itself, so that nobody but a blind-man
could have overlooked them, because none oth.er
could fail to see them. It could not, thcrefoie, be
that it was done by mistake. It must have been
done fraudulently, if done at all.
But when these ballots came to be opened in the
committee-room there appeared another peculiar-
ity, which struck the committee with great force.
It was this: these ballots had been folded at some
time, and the crease or fold was perfectly appar-
ent upon the ballot itself. But there was no such
corresponding fold upon the sticker on the inside.
So that the sticker must have been put on the bal-
lot right across the fold, and must have therefore
been put on at sometime after the ballot had been
folded. I do not know whether the law requires
the ballot to be folded, but the practice seems to
have been always to fold them.
Mr. STEVENS. The law requires it.
Mr. DAWES My friend from Pennsylvania
says the law requires them to be folded. If that
be the fact, the committee were afraid—I will not
use a stronger expression—that the ballots hud
been folded when they were deposited, and the
sticker put on afterwards, right across the fold.
There was another peculiarity in reference to
these ^allots, which was not quite so apparent or
uniform, but still easily discoverable upon many
of the ballots. These bundles of ten were, as I
have said, twisted up after they had been counted.
Upon most of the ballots the twist was marked
upon the ballot so as to be perfectly discoverable,
but you cannot find the mark of the twist upon'
the sticker on the inside.
Then, touching this box, the committee find
this: that, kept like all the other boxes where it
was possible for it to be approached, although in
the custody of the law, whether it be proper to
inquire into their safe keeping because in„the cus-
tody of the law, in the absence of testimony, we
have not undertaken to decide; yet this box lost
the custody of the law before the ballots were
counted in the magistrate's office. It was placed
in the custody of an irresponsible-person, where
it was altogether unprotected, and the alderman,
whose business it was to keep it according to law,
had his suspicions, to say the least of it, awakened
about the condition of the box. He could not be
made to believe that it was as originally delivered
to him, while the alderman, in whose possession
the box had remained for the two days while it
was out of the custody of the law, wassingukriy
cool m giving the magistrate the comforting as-
surance that it was all right. But, above all, the
appearance of the ballots as they were opened in
