THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4.
the committee-room had the same effect upon the
committee that was produced upon them in ref-
erence to the other boxes; and that was,itshook
their entire confidence in the integrity of the box
at the time it was opened. They could not say
that votes counted under such circumstances
should control the sworn returns. The whole
number of votes of the precinct was but some two
hundred and fifty, and it is too much to suppose
that a mistake of thirty votes could have been
made in counting these votes under the circum-
stances I have mentioned.,
In relation to the third box, it was found,upon
examination, not to have been closed atall. I do
not mean to say that it had never been closed.
Upon that point there was no testimony before the
committee. But it was found that the cover or slide
was capable of being opened three eighths of an
inch—enough to put in single tickets; and the al-
derman himself could not say whether bundles
often could not be put in. When the box came to
be opened, there were visible at this aperture loose
tickets standing some for the sitting member, some
for the contestant, and some for other persons.
One of the judges of the election testified that all
scratched or broken tickets were put in loose in
that way, and another testified that all were twisted
together m bundles of ten, and that he did it him-
self. The committee did not find it necessary to
reconcile that testimony, because they believed
that one of two things must be true, that the box
had never been sealed according to law, or that it
had been tampered with afterwards; for when pro-
duced, it was not in the condition that the law con-
templated that it should be in. For that reason
the committee could not control the sworn return
in that division by the result of the ballot-box wlien
it was opened.
That, Mr. Speaker, disposes of this case. Th ose
are the conclusions to which the committee have
come.v From the count of these three division
boxes the contestant has failed to make out a ma-
jority for himself. The committee, therefore, for
those reasons, were unanimously of the opinion
that the contestant was not, and that the sitting
member was, entitled to a seat upon this floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
occupy a few moments of tiie time of the House
in the examination of the repoi t submitted by the
Committee of Elections in.this contested-election
case of Kline against Verree. Yesterday for the
first time I looked at that report and the testimony
in the case which has been printed, previously not
having had any knowledge of the matter involved.
I have arrived at the conclusion that the report of
the committee not only does injustice to the con-
testant, but more than that, it does lasting injus-
tice to the voters of the third congressional district
of the State of Pennsylvania. If the doctrine is to
be recognized as offeree in this House, that it has
a right to go behind the law of a great State, and
to set up its own judgment, and to decide whether
a man is properly, and not whether ho is legally,
elected under the laws of his own State, the in-
jury is greater than that inflicted upon the con-
gressional district in question. Such a doctrine
will strike at the very root of our elective system.
It will strike at our very system of Government.
As I have stated, my attention was called to
this report yesterday afternoon. I asked the con-
testant who sits near me, what was the repoi t of
the committee, and his response was significant:
"They have counted me m; then they have re-
solved me out." Yes, sir, this committee has
shown, not by proclamation of the Governor, not
by certificate of a board of election, not by legal
conclusions, and not by reports of any persons
who have any official control of these election re-
turns, but by the ballots themselves, counted in
the boxes, that John I\hne stands here this day
wfth a decided majority of eight votes in the third
congressional district of Pennsylvania. That is
a small majority, but we must recollect that the
sitting member came here with a majority of only
twenty-two. Eight majority is small, but it is
as important for the purposes of this investigation j
as if the majority were eight thousand. Those
eight votes, s,r, entitle him as much to a seat upon
this floor as any member in this House.
This House is bound to consider this case with
reference to the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, r
If that be the judgment of the committee, if we
are to look to the law of Pennsylvania, and not
to the statements of the committee, who set them-
selves up as law-makers, then there can be no
doubt of the legal election of John Kline, the con-
testant.
The report of the*eommittee is burdened with
statements of the notices of the parties. That
may be necessary for one purpose, and that is
that any omission which may have taken place
shall not be established as a precedent. But this
House is not going to look back into the notices,
to see whether they are sufficient or insufficient,
for the purpose of getting around the result ob-
tained from the ballot-boxes. The law of Penn-
sylvania in regard to elections is, that the man
who received the most legal votes is the party
elected. The acts of Assembly directing how
elections shall be conducted guard the ballot-boxes
and the expression of the will of the people from
any improper handling or interference. It is pro-
vided that any party feeling aggrieved may come
in and examine where the error is. The courts
of the State have formally decided that in con-
tested-election cases their simple inquiry will be
to find who has received the most legal votes.
Judge King has laid down the law in the follow-
ing language:
" While this court would not hesitate in setting aside an'
election, where they are convinced that in conducting it
the laws of the Commonwealth have been infracted, yotf/tey
certainly will not excrcisc ingenuity to find causes for such
an adjudication. On the contrary, every fair pi conniption
ought to ho made in favor of popular elections, and the lean-
ing ever should be to sustain then), where this ran be done
consistent with a faithful and independent maintenance of
their purity."
I command the attention of the House to the
words 1 have emphasized. When I come to refer
to this report I think that I can show there has
been more ingenuity on the part of the committee
to get around the count of the ballots than would
even become the members of this House. I can-
not believe that this report is the work of the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections? for it looks to
me very much like the legal argument presented
by the able counsel of the incumbent. But that is
none of my business. I must deal with the report
as I find it.
The question, I take it, which we are to decide
this day is whether, under the laws of Pennsyl-
vania, John Kline or John P. Verree is entitled
to represent the third congressional district of
Pennsylvania in this Congress. The election was
held on the second Tuesday of October, 1860, and
the returns weie made up from precincts and sub-
divisions of wards; and these returns, under the
law of Pennsylvania, were deposited in the office
of the nearest magistrate or alderman. The act
of Assembly does not give the board of return
judges the right to select the alderman with whom
they shall deposit these boxes, but they are to de-
posit them with the nearest one. So with this
case, the boxes were deposited with the nearest
alderman. On the following Friday 4he return
judges met, cast up the returns as they were sent,
and certificates were made out. One was depos-
ited at the prothonotary's office, and another was
sent to the Governor of the Commonwealth. That
ceitificate merely shows that the return judges
having met and counted the votes declared that
John P. Vcnce had received a majority, and was
therefore elected as member of Congress from the
third congressional district. Their certificate was
filed with the secretary of the Commonwealth,
and upon it the Governorafterwards issued a proc-
lamation declaring that Mr. Verree had been so
elected. The proclamation merely stated the con-
clusion at which these officers had arrived, and
nothing more. Probably the Governor who is-
sued the proclamation had never seen the certifi-
cate. The secretaiyof the Commonwealth had
added up the figures and stated the result to the
Governor, upon which result, in each case, the
Governor issued his proclamation.
As a matter of right, as to who should have the
seat in the first instance, the Governor's procla-
mation made out a prima facie case in favor of Mr.
Verree, and that, probably, is all to which this
certificate or the Governor's proclamation could
be applicable; but the Committee of Elections
have gone beyond the forms; they have gone be-
yond the Governor's proclamation, and behind it;
they have gone to the ballots themselves. The
ballot-boxes show really what was the fact; and
I take it that we are to be controlled by the result
of the count of the ballots in those ballot-boxes.
That is the ground upon which we are to make
our decision. As the case is now submitted to us
by the committeefor our consideration, it isasto
the count of the ballots in the third division of the
eleventh ward, and the third division of the six-
teenth ward. Why the committee should have
thought in necessary to go to the pains of reject-
ing the first division of the nineteenth ward I can-
notconceive. Throwit out,and John Kline,upon
their own showing, was still elected; but it is ne-
cessary that either the third division of the elev-
enth ward, or the third division of the sixteenth
ward, or both of them, should be thrown out of
the calculation in order to prevent Mr. Kline from
having a majority of the votes.
Now, sir, 1 do not pretend to say that there was
any willful fraud perpetrated by the board of elec-
tion at any stage of this case. 1 do not charge that
there was any willful disposition manifested to
make a false return. On the contrary, I think I
can satisfy the House that it is a simple mistake
—a mistake which may very easily occur in the
counting of votes. In the third division of the
eleventh ward the official return—that is, the re-
turn as it was made by the judge, the two inspect-
ors, and the two clerks—on the night of the elec-
tion, was that Mr. Verree received 151 votes,and
John Kline 141 votes. A recount, when the boxes
were afterwards opened and examined in the pres-
ence of the parties and their counsel, showed that,
instead of Mr. Kline having 141 votes, it was Mr.
Verree who had 141 votes; and instead of Mr.
Verree having 151 votes, Mr. Kline had 148. The
aggregate number of votes found in the box falls
two short of the number returned. I can readily
imagine the means that might be resorted to by
parties who desired to corrupt the ballot-box, but
I doubt whether a corrupted ballot-box wou|d
show upon its face such figures as these—a falling
short of only two votes, and a transposition of a
number from the name of Verree to that of Kline.
Now, sir, how were these mistakes made ? Why,
it seems that there were some twenty different can-
didates on the ticket to be voted for by the parties
who voted for member of Congress. There were
three parties in the field, so that there were sixty
candidates to be voted for. This required large
tally lists, as they are called by the committee.
What is the course pursued in counting and tally-
ing the votes? An inspector of election takes up
a bunch of tickets, which have all been taken from
the box, and he commences assorting them; he
throws the Verree tickets in one pile before him,
and the Kline tickets in another, the scratched
tickets, those with stickers on them, he throws
into the center of the table for the time being.
When he gets ten of one ticket, he hands them
over to the judge of elections, who calls out4 * ten
for Kline" or "ten for Verree," and the clerk
tallies, as shown in the report. Now, it would be
a very easy matter, a very natural error, for the
inspector to hand over a bunch of ten tickets and
call them Verree tickets when they were Kline
tickets, and vice versa. He might do it accident-
ally, and the judge of election who receives them
and deposits them in the box and who gives them
this twist that is spoken of, may misapprehend or
misreport, or the clerk who tallies may put the X
opposite the name of the wrong party, as they
stand together on the list. This might easily be
done; and since there seems to be an exact trans-
position of ten votes here, why should we labor
to show that it was not in consequence of an error
or mistake of this kind?
Again: when we look to the third division of
the sixteenth ward, we find exactly the same state
of things. The official return made on the night
of the election, was for Verree 382 votes, and
for Kline 166 votes. When the ballot-boxes were
reopened, and a recount took place, it was found
that Kline had 180 votes and Verree 36G votes.
Here is a falling off in the number of votes re-
turned of two votes, showing that there was an
error. The mistake doubtless occurred m this
way: the report of the committee shows that some
of the twisted bunches of votes, which should have
contained ten votes each, were found to contain
but nine. This was the way in which the two
votes were returned more than were found in the
box. The simple transposition of these figures
gives Mr. Kline a gain of thirty votes m the third
division of the sixteenth ward, and a gain of sev-
enteen votes in the third division of the eleventh
ward, making in the two divisions again of forty-
seven votes. In the fourth division of the sixteenth
