34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
The SPEAKER. That motion is notin order.
The question is on seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. LANSING. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw his demand for the previous
question, in order to permit me to offer an amend-
ment by way of substitute.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will hear the gentleman's
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not in order to have the proposition read unless
the demand for the previous question be with-
drawn.
Mr. LANSING. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will withdraw his demand for the previous
question, 1 will renew it.
Mr. COX. We object to that arrangement.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will modify the resolution
so far as to substitute the word u request" instead
of the word " require."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw his demand for the previous
question, so that he may make the modification
which he proposes? -
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do. I now move to modify
by inserting the word "request" instead of the
word " require;" and on the resolution as amended
I demand the previous question. I now ask,
again, the consent of the House to have the order
of General Halleck read, on which that resolution
is based.
There was no objection.
Mr. McPHERSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest a modification of this resolution?
The St
this time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague [Mr.
Lovejoy] has control of this entire question, and
if he propose to debate it, it goes over. I think
that is one of those questions which should be de-
liberated on by some committee of the House ;and,
therefore, I object to everything. The gentleman,
having perfect control of the question, he may
give it the direction in which it can be properly
considered.
The SPEAKER. The Chitir put it to the House
whether there was any objection to having the
order read;and the Chair heard no objection. The
gentleman from Illinois does not propose to debate
the question.
The section of General Halleck's report re-
ferred to in the resolution was read, as follows:
iicadquar.tr.rs Department of Missouri,
St. Lours, November 20, 1861.
General Orders No. 15.
I. Jt lias boon represented that important information,
respecting the number and condition of our forces, is con-
veyed to the cnemj by means of fugitive slaves who are
admitted within oui lines. In order to icmedy tins evil,
it directed that no sueb persons he liereaftet permitted to
enter the lines of any earnp, or of any forces on the march;
and that any now within such lines be immediately ex-
cluded therefrom.
Mr. VOORHEES. Would it be in order to
move to postpone that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the pievious question.
Mr. OLiN. Well, is it in order to move to
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. OLIN. I make that motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the yeas and nays j
upon that motion. j
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 07; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baiiv, Diddle,
Jacob I>. Ulnir. Geoige II. Ihowne, William G. Brown,
Cobb, Cravens, Ci iMickl, Ci if tendon, Fouke, Gridcr, Haul-
ing. llauison, Ilorton, La/ear, Leary, Malloiy, Maynaid,
>Ietutc«, Moms-, Nodi, Notion, Odell, Olin, RidnndsOn,
Uobiuson, Smith. John ii. Steele, William G. Steele,
YVarNwoitli, and Cntlton A. White—34.
NAYS—Me<sr-. Alduch, Alley, Arnold, Ashley. Babbitt,
Daker, Bauer, iJeaman, liingluun, FtancW P. Dlair, J?am-
uei B. Ulair, Blake, Buffmton, Burnham, Cahea, Cham-
ber! m, Clatk, Coliax. Fiederick A. Conkhng, Uoscoe ('onk-
ling, Conway, Co*, Davis, Dawo<, Delano. Diven, Dueil,
Dniilap, Ed::citon, EJwauN Eliot, JGnjlu-h, Ponton, Fes-
sendeu, Fianchot, Fiank, Gooch, Granger, Hale, Iloltnan,
Hooper, Ilutchms, Johnson,Julian.Keliey,Kilhn«ov.Lan-
sing, L.uv, Lehman, Loomt->. Lovejoy, MeKnisht,Me'Pher-
son, Moorliead, An^on P. Morrill, JiMm S. Mon;!l.?Ci\on,
JVoble, Pdtton, Pendleton, T. G. Pbolp-, Pike, Pomeroy,
Punvr, Pottor, Alexander II. ilic\ John II. Rice, Iliddlc,
Sedgwick. Shanks, Sheffield. Sheliab.uyei, Siiei
Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Webster,
Wheeler, Wood, Woodruff, and Worcester—97.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. LANSING. I now appeal to the gentle-
man from Illinois to withdraw his demand for the
previous question, to enable me to offer a substi-
tute for his resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will, trusting that the gen-
tleman will renew the demand.
Mr. LANSING. I move the following as a
substitute:
Whereas Major General Halleck, of the western de-
partment, has issued an order prohibiting negroes from
coining within the lines of our Army, and excluding those
already under the protection of our troops j and wheteas
a different policy and practice prevails in other depart-
ments, by the dneet sanctiou of the Administration ; and
whereas said order is cruel and inhuman, and, in the judg-
ment of this House, based upon no military necessity:
Therefore,
Resolved. That the President be respectfully requested to
direct Geneial IJallcck to iccall said oider or cause it to
conform with the practice of the other depaitments of the
Army.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I accept the substitute in
lieu of my own resolution, and I now demand the
previous question on its adoption.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to yield me the floor a moment
for the purpose of submitting an explanation in
regard to General Halleck's views on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
any debate will carry the resolution over.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I so understand, and there-
fore decline to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope the demand
for the previous question will be voted down. I
call for tellers on the demand.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lehman and
Shanks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 68.
So the demand for the previous question was
not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I believe the whole
subject is involved in the matter which comes up
to-morrow. I move, therefore, to postpone the
farther consideration of the resolution until one
o'clock to-morrow, and call the previous question
on the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the demand for the previous
question having been voted down; underthcrule,
the resolution goes over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The rule only requires such
resolutions to go over as give rise to debate. The
resolution has not yet been open for debate.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of order. I
understand the gentleman from Illinois to move
to postpone this resolution until one o'clock to-
morrow. I understand that a special order has
already been assigned for that day. I submit,
therefore, that the motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. It is in the discretion of the
House to postpone the consideration of the reso-
lution until any time it may fix.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I shall call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for tellers on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Alley were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 65.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose todebate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It must then go over under
the rule,
PAY OV UNAUTHORIZED OFFICERS, ETC. !
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the fol- !
lowing resolution; which was, by unanimous !
consent, read, considered, and agreed to: !
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* are !
Instructed toirii;uiiointo the piopriety of paving ihe ofiieeis '
and soldieis lieietoloie employed in acuve service in the !
western department of the Aimy, under the authoiity of j
Major Geneial John C. Fiomont/or anv other commanding !
genera! of th.it department, where said oiliecrs and soldieis '
have performed actual service; and that the committee !
report by bill oi otherwise. j
COLONEL JOSEPH PADDOCK.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the rchef of Colonel
Joseph Paddock and others; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
ERANCII POST OFFICES.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill to authorize
the Postmaster General to establish branch post
offices in cities; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
PUNISHMENT OF MILITARY FRAUDS.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I now propose to
introduce the bill objected to this morning by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] and
if objection be made I shall move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the bill and
putting it on its immediate passage, unless the
House shall prefer its reference to a committee,
in which case I am willing it should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was read, as follows:
An act to subject certain persons to military trial and pun-
ishment, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate arul House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
any person who shail cheat or defraud the Government of
the United States or any Department thereof, in obtaining,
entering into, or performing any contract, undertaking, or
engagement, made with the «aid Government, or with any
person or persons on its behalf, for the supply of military or
naval stores, munitions of war, or supplies of any kind
whatevci, or in selling or furnishing any such stores, muni-
tions, or «uppHes to the Government of the United States,
or to any peison or persons on its behalf, shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and upon conviction, shall be puni&hccl by
imprisonment for a term of not less than two years.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, Tliat any petson author-
ized to make, or assuming to make, contiaets or purchases
on behalf of the Government of the United State-, or to
negotiate on its behalf, who '.hall take, accept, or agree to
accept, directly or indirectly, for him-elf oi foi another, any
bribe, commission, interest, reinuneiation, or profit, or any
other valuable or beneficial thing whatevtr, for awarding,
letting, making, consenting to, approving, ratifying, or stif-
fen mg any contiact, puichase, er engagement, by, or on
behalf of, or on account of, the said Government, and any
person authorized to make, or assuming to make, any con-
tiact or purchase, or to manage or conduct any transaction,
or to act for, or on behalf of, or on account of, the Govern-
ment of the United States, who shall chcat oi defraud the
said Government, in any contract, purchase, ot transaction,
or who shall knowingly allow the said Government to be
cheated or defrauded in any contract, puicnase, or trans-
action, or in the performance of any contract, the lendcr-
ing of any service, or the deliveiy of any pioporty, shall he
deemed guilty of felony, and upon conviction, shall be
punished by imprisonment for a. teim of not less than three
years.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That every person offend-
ing against any ol the provisions of this act, besides being
liable to prosecution and punishment in the judicial couits
of the United States, shall, in all oases allowed by the Con-
stitution of the United States, aI«o be titable by cotirt'-
marual, and punishable by said courts in like manner in all
res-pccts as if such person were subject to the lobulations
for the Army and the articles of war, and all olhcers au-
thorized to appoint courts-martial aie hereby empoweiedto
apprehend such peisons and to appoint couit—maitiab to
tiy them ; andmilitaiy and naval com t«-mnrtinl arebueby
vested with jmi.-diction and authority to tt\ all por^om, of-
fending against anvpiovision of this act in ca-sc? allowed by
the Constitution of the United Statcsaccoulmirto the rule's
and ptactice of such couits, and upon conviction to inflict
the punishment picscnbed in aiticle fifty two of the aihcles
of war.
Sec. 4. Beit further cnacted, That indictment* for any
offense punishable by this act. may be found, and proceed-
ings and trial before couits-martial may be had. at any tune
within si\ years alter the commission of the'offense, and
that all offenses punishable by this act *.hall 1>« indictable
and triable either m the District ol Columbia, or in the
State where the person accused leside*, oi wheio the of-
fense wa  committed: Peoudcd, houciei, That no person
who has-been tried and acquitted or convicted upon the
incuts ot his case m any couit of competentjuusdictioa,
sshall be again tried lor the same offense.
Sec. 5. Be it further enactcd, That this act bhall take
effect immediately.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to object to the con-
sideration of the bill at this time. 1 am willing to
have the bill referred; but I think it is too import-
ant a measure to be passed without consideration.
Air. ROSCOE CONKLING. To what com-
mittee does the gentleman propose to rotor the
bill ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suppose it should go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. It proposes to
increase the penalties of crimes, and to subject
American citizens to military condemnation by
military courts for frauds committed
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 desire to un-
derstand whether the gentleman from Kentucky
objects to the bill, provided it goes to a commit-
tee ?
