2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
I am, therefore, opposed to any expenditure of
the public money for purposes of this kind; and
as I said before, if there was a proposition now
before the Senate to repeal the appropriation I
would go for it, and I would trust myself to meet
the hearty response and receive the hearty thanks
of every real farmer in the country. We hear a
great deal aboutthe recent progress of agriculture.
We hear about it in France; we hear about it in
Great Britain; but we shall never hear aboutitin
this country until the population becomes in ex-
cess over the production of the country. When-
ever land becomes exceedingly scarce and exceed-
ingly high, then agriculture will assume a new
shape and form and adapt itself to the new require-
ments which will be made upon it. I think that
that is the universal law, and that we need never
expect to have a very high form of agricultural
civilization until the population of the country
rises to such an extent as to require a more elab-
orate system of culture in order to produce sus-
tenance for that population.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word or
two for the Treasury in reference to this matter;
foralthough the bill of the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island does not, as I understand it, pro-
pose to take any money out of the Treasury just
now, I foresee, if we enter upon this experiment
to the extent that he recommends, what 1 think
the inevitable result must be.
I wish, however, to say to the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that, in my judgment, it
is rather too late in the day to talk about the con-
stitutionality of this appropriation for seeds, &c.
As an original question, I should be rather dis-
posed to agree with him, that there was no power
to make these appropriations; but there is such a
thing as having a constitutional question settled
by legislative construction, to such an extent at
least that Senators feel compelled to follow the
precedents that have been set, and are perfectly
justified in following them, because they cannot
be raised always in reference to matters of this
description. Now, sir, my objection to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Rhode Island is this:
all experience 
Mr. SIMMONS. It is not my proposition.
The committee reported the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. I speak merely
with reference to the Senator who has charge of
it at the present time. All experience has shown
how the thing increases. What we have learned
from the Senator from Pennsylvania with regard
to the progress of expenditures in relation merely
•to seeds is a striking illustration. I have been a
witness of a great part of it. It has grown up from
comparatively nothing to a considerably large
sum. But experience has shown me that against
this particular appropriation it is of no sort of use
to contend, if one was disposed to do so. We
represent too many farmers hero, and have dis-
tributed too many seeds for most gentlemen to
muster the courage to vote against an appropria-
tion of this description, such as has been made at
the present session. But, sir, I am happy to say
that I believe, although, in a very great degree, in
the expenditure of the money it has been wasted,
yet in the returns we have had from some partic-
ular things, the country has been richly paid for
all the money that has been expended—richly paid
over and over again m absolute increase of wealth.
There is 110 doubt of that.
That being considered as established, the next
question is, how far we are bound to go. Legis-
lative construction, perhaps, has settled what the
constitutional power is, but it has not settled the
extent to which we ought to go in the exercise of
it; and that is a matter of judgment. The argu-
ment is simply this: the farmers ask foru Depart-
ment. I do not believe that the farmers ask for
any such thing. I do not believe that there is
really one in a hundred of the farmers of this
country, who has any idea of any such proposi-
tion, ever thought of it in his life, or ever will
think of it, or will know anything about it hardly
if we establish it. But certain gentlemen of posi-
tional wealth and reading, who have made them-
selves familiar with the subject, perhaps, to a very
great degree, choosc to represent the farmers, to
form agricultural societies and a national agricul-
tural society—I know many of them—and they
hsive great ideas upon this subject, and they claim
to represent the opinions of the farmers upon a
question of this kind. Upon the question whether
we should establish a Department or a bureau,
does my friend suppose that it is really a matter
that excites the least feeling in the country in the
world? My colleague read a letter to me this
morning from a good friend of his and mine, in
which he undertook to say that the agriculturists
would like this Department, would be satisfied
with it. That gentleman, whom I highly respect
and esteem, is a manufacturer, and a large manu-
facturer, by business, or has been; and perhaps
he may have some land which he cultivates. He
understands this matter undoubtedly, and he has
an idea that the agriculturists would like it because
he likes it, and he thinks it is a good idea. Prob-
ably he is a member of the National Agricultural
Society. Why,sir,they know nothing aboutthe
feeling in the country on the subject. There is
no feeling about it throughout the country to any
extent.
But what I speak of is the inevitable abuse that
will grow up under it. This seed appropriation
has grown from ,000, in the course of ten years,
to §60,000. My friend from Rhode Island says
this will lead to nothing more. The honorable
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Wright] offered a
proposition as an amendment, but which has been
rejected, establishing this Department with four
separate bureaus in it. That is his proposition.
H.ow long will it take to grow up to that ? If we
must have this expenditure of money, and 1 do
not see that we must, I think it ought to be taken
from under the control of the Patent Office; that
it ought not to run through the Patent Office up
to the Secretary of the Interior; and I am willing
that you should put it in the shape of a bureau in
the Department of the Interior, if you please, al-
though I have great fears that if we have a bureau,
the next thing we shall have a Department by the
same sort of argument.
I think the anecdote told in relation to the ap-
plication of a gentleman to be appointed head of
this Department when it shall be established, is a
pretty good illustration of what it means; and that
is, that ceituin gentlemen would like places. If
you establish a bureau, and I am disposed to vote
for it, as it is moved by my friend from Connec-
ticut, and I like his bill much better than the other,
the great effect of which, and the only one that I
approve, is, taking it out of the control of the Pat-
ent Office and putting it directly under the Secre-
tary of the Interior; that will involve, in the first
place, the appointment of a head of a bureau. A
head of a bureau is nobody without clerks, and he
must have a certain number. Then we shall find
that there are new experiments to be tried. We
shall have recommendations at once for a little
more science here and a little more science there,
and that costs money. In the first place, we must
have the scientific men, and then we must have
money for the experiments. Thus it will goon;
it is only a question of time. If we begin with a
Depaitment, what is the head of a Department
without bureaus and without clerks? Nobody.
The tiling enlarges; and my word for it, it will
not be many years before a similar proposition to
that of the honorable Senator from Indiana will be
adopted or strongly urged—a Department with
bureaus, and, necessarily, clerks; and we shall
have a hundred clerks in that Department, too.
If this proposition were advisable, in my judg-
ment this is no time for it. I think the farmers
of the country will be better satisfied with us if
we stop expending money, as far as we can, and
take care that we open no new sluices by whioh
the money may be made to run out of their pock-
ets. The present time, of all times in the world,
is the last when we ought to enlarge the organi-
zation of the Government by Departments and
bureaus and clerks, and everything of that de-
scription. The Interior Dopartmentis the proper
place for this subject. It has relation to the coun-
try. It is the home Department. ' It covers, or
ought to cover, all that is necessary with regard
to this subject, as well as with regard to the others
under their charge. These gentlemen are very
much mistaken when they suppose the Secretary
of the In teriorrecommeiidsa Department; because
I have looked at lus report within a moment,
shown me by my honorable friend from Vermont,
and he recommends a bureau, in so many words;
that is to say, instead 'of bem^; a mere clerkship
under the Patent Office, and under the Interior, it
shall assume, the form of a bureau directly respons-
ible to the Secretary of the Interior, and under
his charge. I think that would be better. I hope
it will not cost any more money; but I fear it will.
At any rate, that is as far as I desire to go.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to one or two facts m regard to this
bill that I have reported from the committee. It
does not enlarge the number of clerks at all, while
the bill preferred by the Senator from Maine does.
The argument he has been using here applies with
much greater force and truth to the bill he is going
to support than the one I propose. The Senator
says we are in great danger of having an estab-
lishment with four bureaus in it. I want to know
how we voted on that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We voted it down; but
it does not follow that it will be voted down next
year.
Mr. SIMMONS. So far as it furnishes any evi-
dence it should remove the apprehensions that
seem to exist in his mind, if I am any judge of
logical events.
The Senator from Pennsylvania I suppose is
with me upon this matter: that since this appro-
priation has been made, it is the duty of the Sen-
ate to see to its most economical expenditure, and
to keep these folks that go abroad into the street
corners from spending this money and wasting it
in useless seeds. That is the very object of this
proposition—to take this matter from under the
control of those who send men abroad from polit-
ical considerations to use up the money that was
intended by Congress to be devoted to the use of
agriculture. That is our object. I do not see why
it is that the Senator from Maine should appre-
hend these great expenditures. He has been here
a great many years, and he will be here a great
many more if he stays as long as his usefulness
lasts—as I hope he may—and he will never let
this matter run into these extravagant expendi-
tures, I know. He is not of that school. I believe
the Senator from Pennsylvania also has a pretty
long term, and he will have an opportunity to ap-
ply his constitutional objections when an appro-
priation comes up; but we have made one now,
and the Senator from Maine has no hope of re-
calling it.
I read a little while ago from this memorial—
and I believe it has not heen disputed—that some
encouragement by the national Government to
agriculture was recommended by the first Presi-
dent of the United States as of primary import-
ance to the country. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania says he has great respect for the wisdom  f
those men that framed that instrument; and yet
Washington came right out of the convention that
adopted the Constitution, and he considered it
within the power of the Government to do some-
thing for agriculture by the national Government.
I cannot conceive myself why there should be this
great apprehension of this running into a large
establishment. The principal object of the com-
mittee was to see that the money appropriated for
the benefit of agriculture, however small it might
be, should be applied to its proper uses, and noth-
ing else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask that the amendment
may be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the original bill,
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That there shall be created in the Department of the In-
terior a Bureau of Agriculture and Statistics, the object of
which shall be to promote the interests of agriculture, com-
merce, and manufactures, the chief executive officer of
which shall be denominated" Commissioner of Agricultuie
and Statistics," who shall be appointed by the President,
vvitli the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall reccive
an annual compensation of ^3,000.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty ot the said Commissioner, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Intei ior, to procure and distribute new and
valuable varieties of seeds, grains, and plants, and to pro
cure, from the best sources, such information as will be
most valuable in leiauon to the mode of cultivation, reno-
vation, and drainage of the soil; also, concerning the do-
mestic and foreign tiade of the United States, their manu-
factures, internal improvements, banks, and cutteney, and
suell other subjects as may be adapted to lllusliate tbe con-
dition and progress of the agrieultme, manufactures, trade,
population, and other material interests of the country.
The said Commissioner shall annually make a lepoit to
Congress, piior to the 1st day of Jiinuary in each year, of
the opeiations of the bureau, and of statistics obtained.
Sec. 3. Jlndbe itfuither enacted, That tile Commissioner
shall procilie a seal, with a suitable device, itiid copies of
books, statements, or records, with the signatuic of the
