THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED ~BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 30, 1862.
New Series No. 187.
is an important one. I take it for granted that in
all trials, to obtain perfect fairness and justice,
both the parties to the contest should have fair
notice, and an opportunity of being heard. That
is precisely what this bill proposes. It gives the
Government an opportunity of being heard, and
of investigation to prevent imposition; and it also
gives the claimant a full opportunity of establish-
ing his claim; and that I regard as one of the best
features of the bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would be
very glad if the gentleman from Missouri would
state to the House what are the classes of claims
which are to be embraced by this bill. I think the
House will be glad to hear precisely what they are.
Mr. NOELL. I will now endeavor to answer
the question of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
For subsistence, for quarters, &c., the officers of
the United States Ai my are now vested with com-
plete authority to make arrangements with private
citizens. I think there is as much granted on that
point as may bo desired. For the purpose of sub-
sisting the Army, for obtaining provisions, and
for the purpose of obtaining quarters, any of the
officers of the Army are now authorized to maks
contracts with private citizens. They can occupy
places, or purchase provisions, or do anything of
that kind with private citizens. But this does not
cover the damages to which this bill looks. For
instance: 1 own a plantation in Missouri, and a
regiment or any portion of the United States forces
march into that country. Now, I can make ar-
rangements to furnish them with beef cattle orany
forage that may be necessary. They can make
arrangements for occupying any portion of my
land for the use of the troops, but in making these
arrangements they are confined to the use of the
premises^and the value of what is furnished. If,
during that occupation, injury results beyond the
price paid for quarters or for the encampment, or
the price of the provisions necessary to subsist
the Army, there are no means provided by law
by which it can be reached. I do not know of
any way to make this clear but by giving an illus-
tration from my own State.
1 will give an instance which occurred to one
of my own particular friends in my own district,
a truly loyal man, and 1 will give his name. He
has sent his claim to me. 1 cannot better explain
the claims I refer to than by stating his case. His
name is Read, and he resides upon Black river.
He has been a Union man from the beginning of
this trouble. He is an honest and a thrifty man.
He started life as a plowboy,and accumulated in
the course of years a little patrimony and fortune
of $15,000. He had a good house, good barns,
good meadows, and fine stock around him. At
the beginning of the trouble he took most dccided
ground against secession, and in consequence of
his taking that ground, the rebels, under Jeff
Thompson, made a raid upon him, took away all
of his stock, his mules, his horses, and his cattle,
and all his corn out of his crib, and drove him and
family away from home. Although sixty years
of age, he enlisted in the United States Army as a
private, and he went to work to help the union
men to restore order by the suppression of the
rebellion. After awlule Jeff Thompson was driven
out, and he returned to his own home. He went
out as a guide and a pilot of General Steele's army,
to drive the rebelsout. They encamped upon his
farm, occupying his broad meadows. They burnt
all his fences for firewood when they occupied his
premises. The United States officers certify to his
having sustained the losses for which he makes
claim. They certify to his good conduct. They
certify what, as officers of the United States, they
have taken, and that this claim is proper and just,
but that, under the laws of the land, they are not
authorized to make payment. This isan illustra-
tion of the cases where men have had damage done
to their premises, and from which property was
taken, such as fences, because, under the neces-
sities of the times, the soldiers wanted fuel, and
must have il. This man's broad meadows were
trampled down, and besides all the injury that was
done to him by the rebels, this additional injury
187
was done to him by the United States troops. He
is left without means of support for himself, his
wife, and children, and we propose, in this bill,
to provide a remedy for just such cases.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Whatare
the items of damage to be included under this bill ?
Mr. NOELL. Damage done by the occupation
of United States troops under orders of the com-
manding officer, General Steele.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Trespass
of soldiers?
Mr^NOELL. These were made by the orders
of the~officers themselves. Th? fences were used
for firewood. It was necessary to have fuel.
Mr.THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is the
question. I want to ask the gentleman whether
he supposes by this bill we are to include all cases
of trespass of that sort? It is important, and that
is the reason of my calling the gentleman's atten-
tion to it.
Mr. NOELL. I will answer the gentleman's
que^Ptpn.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Let me
state it fully. I would distinguish between mere
matters of trespass and cases of contract on the
part of the Government; but I would not embrace
anything in the bill of indemnity for injury sus-
tained by reason of the trespass of the United
States troops, or any individual member of a corps.
Mr. NOELL. I supposed my friend was too
old and too good a lawyer not to distinguish be-
tween a trespass and the class of claims of which
I have been speaking. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether he calls it a trespass when
a military officer makes his encampment in my
meadow, by which it is destroyed ? Does the gen-
tleman call that, in time of war, a trespass?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not;
but the destroying of fences by soldiers may be a
trespass. My question is, if you cmbrace a rea-
sonable compensation for the use of land, you are
also going to pay for the burningof fences. If the
gentleman had retained his good law, he would
have seen what it was.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will ask my colleague a ques-
tion. The question isthis: inasmuch as itiscom-
petent for the next Congress to enlarge or circum-
scribe the rule by which they mean to make
compensation to sufferers, whether it would not
be worth while, as a mere matter of self-defense,
to preserve in some way the evidence touching
particularly the losses and damages which have
been sustained, so that when the time comes to
make compensation, the Government will have it
in its power to discriminate, and to say which
belonged to one class and which belonged to an-
other.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My view
of that matter is this: that Congress, before it un-
dertakes to settle these claims arising from the
war, ought, on the most mature consideration, to
settle the principle by which they are to be con-
trolled. It would bean act of no particular justice
to any individual to allow him to come before this
court, to be at the expense of proving his claim,
and then to come to Washington for the purpose
of prosecuting that claim again in Congress. You
have no assurance beforehand thatafter theclaim
shall have been established as to the facts, it shall
be held good in law. Therefore, my impression
has been that previous to the next session of Con-
gress, orafter we shall have seen something of the
nature and extent of these damages, we shall be
better able to fix a rule. If it were a question of
mere law, Congress would of course answer that
it would pay every claim which should be ad-
vanced, howevergreat the amount; but when we
seek to depart from the strict rule of law, and say
what we should equitably pay, we ought to have
the full facts before us, so as to be able to determ-
ine how far indemnity should be made.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with my colleague, and
have agreed with him in all that lie has advanced
from time to time, as to what should be the rule
that would govern us at this time if we were fix-
ing the compensation. I do not know of any
suggestions that I have heard fall from him on
that point from which I differ. If I mistake the
spirit and scope of this bill, then the bill ought to
be so amended as to be very different from what
my colleague thinks it to be. I am not prepared
now, and I do not think that either my colleague
or myself can be prepared at the next session, to
lay down a rule, and to say that all eases which
come within that rule shall be compensated, and
that those outside of it shall not be compensated.
1 agree with my colleague that we cannot now,
and I do not think that we can next session, as-
certain the full length and breadth and magnitude
of the damages sustained by good loyal men in
the different phases and features of this war. But
beyond all that, and of vastly more importance
to the Government than all that, is it that the Gov-
ernment shall have on its records in some shape
reliable testimony with which it can protect itself
againstfrauds, or againstthe absence of testimony.
In the absence of the true facts in a case, Con-
gress may be deceived, may be mistaken, in par-
ticular cases. It is with that view that I am striv-
ing to devise some method by means of a bill by
which Congress may be protected hereafter from
that long line of cases with which it has been pur-
sued from the Revolution and the war of 1812
down to this day. That is my sole purpose and
object. I am not devising a means by which to
compensate to-day men for the damages that they
have sustained. It cannot he done to-day. The
Treasury cannot do it, we cannot do it, and this
bill, if I understand it right, does not provide that
it shall be done.
Mr. NOELL. I do not propose, myself, Mr.
Speaker, to say how far Congress should go in
the way of compensating claims for damages sus-
tained. I agree entirely with my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that we ought to pro-
vide some means of ascertaining the justice of
these claims? Congress can, hereafter, when these
cases come up legitimately, discriminate, passing
such claims as it believes ought to pass, and re-
jecting such claims as it believes ought not to pass.
I desire, in further response to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] to call his
attention to this question of trespass which he has
raised, and to give to him what 1 understand to
be the distinction between a trespass, such as
he speaks of, and the class of claims which we
propose to adjust by the machinery of this bill.
When an officer in the Army of the United States,
in the necessary and proper discharge of his du-
ties as such, goes on the premises of a loyal man,
where military operations are being conducted,
and takes possession of those premises by virtue
of his authority, appropriates everything about
them for the use of his army, erects his camps
and barracks about those premises, the necessary
incidental damages that may be sustained by rea-
son of such occupation are not trespasses. They
arise from the very necessity of the case. They
are such things as must necessarily occur, and can-
not be prevented by the officer or anybody else.
For instance, meadow may be of very little value
to the Government, but the occupation of a man's
meadow land by troops may injure him to the
amount of hundreds of dollars. 1 do not call that
trespass. I -call it incidental injury arising from
the necessary occupation of the premises. Sol-
diers must have fuel to cook their food, and if
fences are taken for the purpose, I do not call that
a trespass. It is a necessary and unavoidable in-
jury. Soldiers cannot be sent six or eight miles
from their camp to cut down fuel when they can
have it near them. When these things occur, jus-
tice, generosity, every instinct of right and good
feeling, should impel Congress to see that these
persons, thus desolated and injured, are righted.
Weareall engaged in thisgieatstruggle to save
the existence of the nation. We have all a com-
mon interest m this great struggle, on which hu-
man liberty itself is depending. Is it right, is it
just, is it generous for us to say to the few indi-
viduals who have had the misfortune to reside on
the track of this terrible war, that they rnustsus-
tain all their losses; that we ourselves have suf-
fered nothing; that we have enjoyed our privileges
