1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
unfavorably to gentlemen whose seats may be
contested. The facts, as presented is this case,
show that Mr. Verree, according to the returns,
has twenty-two majority, while Mr. Kline, ac-
cording to the actual count of the ballots in the
boxes, has a*majority of eight votes. Now, by
what authority that majority of eight votes, as
shown by actual count/is not to be credited to
Mr. Kline, I want some better reason for than I
have yet had, either in the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections or the debates in this House.
Every State has some peculiar law in regard to
thy mode and manner of conducting its elections.
We have gone as far in Pennsylvania to prevent
frauds in the ballot-box as the people of any other
State. The law of Pennsylvania requires that
after the election is closed the ballots shall be
sealed up in boxes, with certificates containing the
result and the oaths of the officers inclosed, and
that the boxes shall be placed in the custody of
the nearest magistrate. For what purpose? For
the purpose of settling all difficulties that may
afterwards arise by a reference to the ballots them-
selves, which are, of course, the best testimony in
the matter. I say that the courts of Pennsylvania
have uniformly ruled that it is the count of the
ballots in the boxes which must govern in con-
tested elections, and not the certificates which may
have been given by boards of election. Although
the House of Representatives is the judge of the
qualifications and returns of its own members, yet
it occurs to me that wc ought to be controlled in
applying State law to the case by the construction
put upon that law by the State authorities from
whence the case comes.
Mr. DAWES, I hope the gentleman will tell
us to what decision he alludes.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman will find it in
Parson's Equity Cases. There have been numer-
ous decisions made on this subject, and the spirit
of Ml the decisions, in my opinion, has been that
the ballots in the ballot-boxes are to decide in all
cases of contested elections.
Mr. DAWES. How did the gentleman con-
sider the law in the other case of Butler vs. Leh-
man ?
Mr WRIGHT. I did not say a word in that
case.
Mr. DAWES. But the gentleman voted. I
would like to know upon what principle he founded
his vote.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before I get through I intend
to say something about that case to which the gen-
tleman has referred. As 1 have said, I want the
decisions of the courts of the State to govern in
this case and in every other case that may come
before the House of Representatives. I want the
chairman of the committee to understand that 1
am not impugning his motives or Ins acts. That
is no part of my purpose. I wish to show him
that when the ballots in these boxes weie counted
Mr. Kline was found to be elected.
Now, to show in what a loose manner elections
are frequently conducted, and particularly in this
district, I will state a fact. I find that in twelve
boxes belonging to the nineteen divisions of this
congressional district which were opened, there
was a discrepancy between the ballots contained
in them and the certificates of the return judges.
This discrepancy resulted from no intention to
defraud, but it is the strongest possible evidence,
if 1 may be permitted to use the expression, of the j
negligence that existed in the mode and manner j
of conducting the election. The testimony shows J
that when the ballots were counted in the twelve :
boxes which were opened that not one of the boxes i
agreed with the certificate of the return judges, j
Does the gentleman intend to say that this diifer- I
ence was caused by fraud? He cdiinotpi ove that, ;
for the difference was not all in favor of one or the !
other of these contesting candidates. The differ- '
ence affected both of them, sometimes favorably j
and sometimes unfavorably. !
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is anothcrfact which i
I desire to lay before this House. When these |
return judges met, and.cast up their rt turns and :
made out then- certificates, five of the judges re-
fused to sign the certificate of the election of Mr.
Verree. This board of sworn officers met to count ;
up these votes, and yet five of them refused to give
their sanction to the certificate which had been
made out. I have no doubt that those five were j
as well satisfied that John Kline was the lawfully i
elected Representative to this House from the |
third congressional district of Pennsylvania as
they could be of anything.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman refer us
to the page of the testimony where that fact is
stated?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir. It is on page 119.
Why, sir, it is only in keeping with another
part of this testimony, where one of the witnesses
brought before the magistrate by the incumbent
says: " I know that Mr. Kline was elected."
" How do you know it?" " Because that was
the sentiment, opinion, and feeling within the
several divisions." There is a fact with regard
to this case.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see here any evidence
of the refusal of anybody to sign the return.
Mr. WRIGHT. Their names are not there.
Mr. DAWES. Oh!
Mr. WRIGHT. Whether they refused or not,
it was their duty to sign the return, and they did
not do it.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the gentleman to
say that they refused to sign the return, and he
gave the reason for their refusal to the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman took the liberty
to give the reason for their refusal to the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman misunder-
stood me altogether. 1 say they did not sign. I
may have used the words that they refused to
sign, but I mean that they did not sign.
Mr. DAWES. Then what did the gentleman
mean when he said that they did not sign the re-
turn because they knew it was not correct? What
did he mean by saying that?
Mr. WRIGHT. Because I supposed they
knew it.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed the gentleman to
say they refused to sign.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNJg).
• Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No.
294) requiring an oath of allegiance and to support
the Constitution of the United States, to be admin-
istered to masters of American vessels clearing for
foreign or other ports during the present rebellion;
when the Speaker signed the same.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the sent of the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Elections were con-
tested under a state of facts of this kind, I suggest
whether he would not cling with tenacity to the
ballots that were inside of the boxes, and which
were his only evidence of election. I am sure that
no gentleman would adhere with more tenacity to
a position of that kind than that gentleman, from
the knowledge I have of him. And so it would
be with any gentleman occupying a seat upon this
floor.
The aldermen who had these boxes that were
opened in charge, all of them swear that they are
the same boxes which were left with them, and
were in the same condition in which they came
into their hands. They identified them in every
particular. Now what authority has this House
under its constitutional right to judge of the qual-
ifications of its members, to say we will resort to
an hypothesis by which the majority contained
m the boxes themselves shall be set aside?
There are thice ward divisions that are com-
plained of here in the report of the Committee of
Elections. In the third division of the eleventh
ward the count shows a decrease of three votes,
as compared with the number returned, and Mr.
Kline gains seventeen votes. The count in the
third division of the sixteenth ward shows a de-
crease of two votes, and the count in the first divis-
ion of the nineteenth ward shows a decrease of
seven votes. It was found upon the opening of
these three boxes, upon which I understand this
whole case turns, that there was a loss of twelve
votes, as compai ed with the number returned. It
cannot, therefore, be contended by the committee
that any votes were added there. That was all
regular. But the irreguiai lty consists in this, that
the return officers represented upon paper a dif-
ferent statement of facts from what they were
warranted m doing by the contents of the boxes.
Why is it provided by the law of Pennsylvania
that these ballots shall be preserved? Itls in or-
der that in cases of doubt or difficulty the question
upon the return may be settle.d by a recount ©t
the ballots. What is the evidence upon which
the judges of an election make their return ? The
ballot-boxes. From them they make up their cer-
tificates, and that evidence, upon which their report
is founded, is made subject of inquiry and inves-
tigation by the courts, if it be in the case of an
officer whose duties are confined within the limits
of the State, or by Congress if it becomes neces-
sary to resort there. Now, if we take the evidence
of the ballots that were found in these boxes updn
a reexamination, the Committee of Elections will
not deny that Mr. Kline is entitled to the seat. If
they evade that and resort to the returns, it gives
the seat to Mr. Verree. The committee attempt
to give reasons why they should dispose of these
ballots that were found in the boxes, and take
them from Mr. Kline and give them to Mr. Ver-
ree. As the evidence in regard to that part of the
case is very short, I wish to refer to it. The boxes
containing the votes of the third division of the
eleventh ward were put in the hands of Alderman
Williams. There was a change of thirty-seven
votes in the box of that division. I wish to call
the attention of the House to the evidence of Al-
derman Williams.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman give us
the page?
Mr. WRIGHT. I cannot yield to that gen-
tleman for any question; and he knows well the
reason.
The evidence of Alderman Williams, as found
in the book, is as follows:
" Question. Have you in your possession and custody the
election box containing the ballots cast for State officers in
the third division of the eleventh ward, used at the elec-
tion held in said division on the second Tuesday of October
last; and it' so, by whom was n brought to you, when,and
where to
Now, mark the answer, because here is the
evidence that ought to rule the case:
" Answer. I have the box containing the ballots cast for
State officers in the third division of the eleventh ward, at
the election held on the second Tuesday of October lu&t;
the box is so labeled. To the best of my recollection, it
wai brought to me by William T. Kennedy, an election
officer or judge of the thud division. The box was brought
to me on the night of the election on the sccotid Tuesday
of October, to niv office, No. 2^6 Oallowhtll street.
" Question. Is that box in the same condition now that
it wa.s in when deposited with you on the night of the sec-
ond Tuesday of Octobei last ?
i( Answer. Yes; I am satisfied it is."
Now, in that box there was a gain to Mr.
Kline of seventeen votes. The officer whose duty
i t was made to keep that box in his custody swears
before the committee, and his evidence js so re-
ported to this House, that that box was in the same
condition when it left his office as it was when it
was brought to it. Tell me then why those seven-
teen votes are to be transferred to the sitting mem-
ber? Tell me upon what principle you can take
from Mr. Kline the seventeen votes he gained
there, when the man who had the custody of the
box swears that it was in the same condition when
it left him as when it came into his hands, and
transfer those votes to another? Does that come
witlnn the high constitutional privilege of the
House, of determining upon the qualifications,
elections, and return of its members? If such a
principle is carried out, though it may be honestly
done, it will be doing wrong with regard to the
construction which Pennsylvania has placed upon
her law in such cases. The witness says, " I am
satisfied that it isin the same condition that it waa
in when it was brought to me." How was it
brought to him? It was brought to him tied up
with tape and sealed with wax and put into his
custody, and he swears that when it was presented
for the purpose of this examination it was in the
same condition as it was when it was brought to
him. I cannot vote with the committee to trans-
fer the seventeen votes in that box found to have
been cast for Mr. Kline to Mr. Verrec because the
committee have so reported.
Now, how is it with regard to the next case?
The box containing the returns of the third divis-
ion of the sixteenth ward, and which showed a
o-ain of thirty votes for Mr. Kline, was put into
the custody of Aldeiman Mecke. I cull the atten-
tion of ihe llouKC to this evidence of Mr. Mecke:
" Qiiesiioji. I'lca-o pioduce the box labeled ' State offi-
cei.-.-.' and which jnn say you received from the election
otneeis of the ituiii division.
" Answer. Hoe it i.-.
" Queitioit. Wa- thai. box u~ed at the election held on the
second Tuesday ol'October last?
" Jiiiswer. I presume so.
