1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2010
first was, after the word" District, "in the eleventh
lino of the first section of the bill, to insert the
words "in which lists may be included, in the dis-
cretion of the officer making the same, the names
of such qualified persons as were on the list of
the previous year, but did not serve as jurors;"
so as to make the section read:
That it shall be the duty of the register of Washington
city, and of the respective clerks of the city of Georgetown
and the levy court of Washington county, m the Distnctof
Columbia, within one month after the passage of this act,
and on or before the 1st day of February in each year there-
after, to make a list of such of the white male citizens, tax
payers, residinu within their respective jurisdictions., as
they shall judge best "qualified to serve as jurors in the
courts of the said District, in which lists may be included,
in the discretion of the officer making the same, the names
of such qualified persons as were on the list of the previous
year, but did not serve as jurors, and the lists thus made by
the register and clerks aforesaid shall be kept by them,
respectively, and be delivered over to their successors in
office.
The next amendment was in the second section,
which, as the bill was originally introduced, was
as follows:
That the list of the register of Washington city shall eon-
tain the names of lour hundred persons, that of the clerk
of Georgetown eighty persons, and that of the clerk of the
levy court eighty persons, &c.
The amendment proposes so to modify the sec-
tion as to make it read:
That the officers aforesaid shall select from the list of the
register of Washington the names of four hundred persons,
from that of the clerk of Georgetown eighty persons, and
from that of the clerk of the levy court forty persons, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in the fifth
section, after the word "term," in the twelfth
line, the words:
But in a capital case where the said panel shall have been
exhausted by reason of challenge or otherwise, the court
before whom such capital case is pending may in its dis-
cretion order additional names to be drawn ; and if all the
names in the box shall have been drawn out and no jury
found, the court may order the marshal to summon tales-
men until a jury shall be found.
So as to make the scction read:
Sec. 5. *dnd be it further enacted, That the said register
and clerks, and the clerk of the circuitcourt, shall, at least
ten days before the commencement of each teun of the cir-
cuit orofthe criminal court, meetatthe City Hall, in Wash-
ington city, and then and there the clerk of the ciicuit court
shall publicly break the seal of said boxandpiocecd to draw
therefrom the names of so many persons as are required;
and lfthejury about to be drawn is intended lor service m
the criminal courj^the twenty-three persons whose names
shall be first drawn shall constitute tue grand juiy, and the
twenty-six persons whose names shall next be draw n shall
constitute the petit jury, for that term ; butin a capital ca^e
wheie the said panel shall have been exhausted by reason
of challenge or otherwi&e, the couit befoie whom t-uch cap-
ital case is pending may in its discretion oulei additional
names to bo drawn; and if all the names in the box shall
have been dtawnoutand no juiy found, the eoui tmay order
the marshal to summon talesmen until a juiy shall be found.
And if a jury be required for the circuit couit, the twenty-
six persons whose names shall first be duuvn shall consti-
tute (he jury for that term, and the names of the poisons
drawn as aforesaid shall nor, be again placed In such box for
the period of two yeais. Tf any person whose name is so
drawn shall have died or lemoved from the District, or has
become otherwise disabled from serving asajuior, the said
legister and clerks shall draw from the box another naniu,
who shall seive instead; and after the requisite number of
jurors shall have been so drawn, the said box shall be again
sealed and delivered to the eleikof the cncuit court as
aforesaid.
The next amendment was in the eighth section,
to strike out the words between brackets, [ ] and
insert those in italics in the following clause:
Sec. 8. J3nd he it further enacted, That nopeison shall
be competent to act as a juror unless he be a citizen of the
United States, a resident of the District of Columbia,
[twenty-one and under sixty fivo years of age, and in full
possession of his mental faculties, nor shall any person so
act who has ever been] over twenty-one and under sixty-five
yeans of age, a good and lawful man, who hasneier been con-
Vietedofa felony or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there should be a
verbal amendment in the fourth section. It now
reads " that the names on said lists shall be written
on separate and similar pieces of paper," &c. It
should read " that the names selected from said
lists shall be written," &c. I move to strike out
" on" and insert " selected from."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following two sections:
•And be it further enacted, That hereafter all persons sum-
moned to seive on a grand or petit jury in any couit of the
United States of Auicuca, befoic acting in their case, shall,
in addition to the oath now requited by law to be taken,
also by direction of the court, have administered to them an
oath in these words : u you do solemnly swear (or aftirm, as
the case may be,) that you have not taken up arms against
the United States of America dining the existence of the
present insurrection ofaportionofthe people thereof against
them, or advised or encouraged any other person whatever
to join said insurrection, and that you have not directly or
indirectly given any aid, comfort, or assistance whatever
to any person to join or who has joined in such insurrec-
tion. " #
Jlnd be it further enacted, That any person to whom the
oath piesmbed in the preceding section shall be adminis-
tered, who shall swear falsely as to any fact embraced m
said oath, shall be held to have comiuitte.5 the crime of
peijury, and shall be subject to the pains and penalties
declared for the commission of that crime.
Mr. HALE. I certainly have not the slightest
objection to that amendment, nor to a single pro-
vision of it, and I should be in favor of itm a bill
by itself; but I must ask my friend not to put it
on this bill, for here is a place where we want a
reform, and I should like to have it without in-
cumbering it with anything else. I will further
state to the Senators who have proposed to intro-
duce this provision in a separate bill, that I have
given some considerable attention to it, and, at
the request of some friends, I mean to introduce
a general law regulating juries over the United
States, and this would be applicable to that. I am
in favor of every section of it; but I should like
this little bill for the District, where there is im-
mediate necessity for it, to go through without
incumbering it with this amendment.
Mr. TEN EYCK, If I heard the amendment
read aright, it seems to me it will have no real
effect at all. I have not seen it, and I may not be
accurate; but as I understood it, the oath which
is required to be administered is, that the party
has not taken part in " the present" rebellion. In
my idea, the present rebellion will be over in the
course of a month or two at the farthest, and then
the form of the oath will have no effect. I think,
if I am correct in that criticism, the Senator from
Iowa will not insist on his proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. If that be the case, the oath
will certainly work no hardship.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I know that; but I think
you ought not to incumber the bill with a thing
that is not germane.
Mr. GRIMES. I will amend my amendment
by saying " any rebellion against the people of
the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Senator
from New Hampshire that I have not the slightest
wish to obstruct his bill; on the contrary, I am
anxious that the bill which he isin favor of should
pass; but I am satisfied that this amendment which
I propose will strengthen the bill rather than tend
to diminish its strength. I believe, further, that
it is such a measure as we should pass. There
are facts that have transpired within the knowl-
edge of my colleague and myself to show that
such a provision ought to exist, even in some of
the loyalStates. lt'is a notorious fact that a gen-
tleman whom this Government thought it was ne-
cessary to incarcerate in one of its State prisons,
and to retain there some weeks, has been serving
on one of the grand juries in a loyal State. It is
certainly necessary in the border States.
Mr. HALE. I am in favor of it, if it does not
embarrass this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It will apply to all the Federal
juries, both in the District, and in the States and
Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This matter was before
the Judiciary Committee at the time the bill reg-
ulating the selection of jurors in the District was
before us, but wc did not think proper to put
them together, though it was suggested by sonic
one. It is in contemplation to introduce a bill
regulating the mode of selecting jurors through-
out the United States. What has been said by
the Senator from Iowa, is true. In my own State
there was summoned upon one of the grand ju-
ries persons who afterwards, since the rebellion
broke out, thought proper to leave the State and
unite their fortunes with the rebels. Such a state
of things ought not to occui; and I think there
oue;ht to be some different mode of selecting ju-
rors from that which is now pursued :n many of
the States; but this bill relating exclusively to the
selection of jurors in the District of Columbia, it
was thought better not to put a general provision
on it in regard to jurors elsewhere. lam very
much in favor of requiring from every person who
serves as a juror, an oath that he is true to the
Government. It is not exactly in harmony, I'
think, with this bill to add this provision to it,,
but I shall make no objection to it particularly.
If it is pressed here, I smtll not vote against it. I'
think it will be quite as well,however, to haveit
in a bill relating to juries generally.
_ Mr. HALE. I want to malce another sugges-
tion. I am a little embarrassed, because I am
friendly to the amendment, every word of'it; but
it has been suggested to me that if this amendment
be adopted it will be necessary to postpone the
action of the bill for some time.
Mr. GRIMES. Why so?
Mr. HALE. Because if it becomes a law im-
mediately there may be indictments found before
it is known. There is a court sitting to-day in
the district of New-Hampshire; next week there
will be a circuit court sitting in the district of Mas-
sachusetts; so it may be all over the Union, and
there may be indictments found after the passage
of this bill before anything is known about it, and
every one of those indictments would have to be
quashed because the jurors had not taken this
oath. It will be necessary to postpone action.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any time when that
same state of facts may not exist? For instance,
in my State the courts are held in four different
places, and twice a year in each place.
Mr. HALE. But this bill may go into opera-
tion here immediately, and not be subject to any
such objection. I think it would be better, though
I shall not vote against it, to postpone this amend-
ment to another hill.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator could show me
the slightest argument that I thought had any sub-
stantiality in it, I would withdraw the amendment;
but it seems to me that it is necessary this provis-
ion should be made. That is an admitted fact. I
know the state of dubity that always exists in
regard to a committee—I do not care what it is—
diawing up a bill, preparing it, and then getting
it in and getting it through. 1 think there is ap-
parent such necessity for passing the main bill,
that we shall try to get that through,.and that will
assist in carrying this, and this, on the other hand,
will assist in carrying that. I think they will
actually strengthen each other.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. This will be not only a useful,
but a necessary provision in the border States. I
have received letters from my own State urging
that such a bill should be passed. It is a matter
of the utmost importance that persons who arc
called upon to serve as grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States
should be loyal. We want to eviscerate the ma-
terial for jurors, grand and petit. We want to
separate the true men from those who are not true.
I do not like to concede the fact, but it is the truth,
that we cannot rely as a general rule upon the
population of Kentucky, who are of secession
sympathies, for the execution of the laws of the
United States. If we are to have any adminis-
tration of criminal justice in the United States
courts in that State, at least, we must endeavor to
have this reform, and everything else that will
guard the independence and purity of our juries.
1 believe a measure of this kind would be worth
many thousands of armed men to us in the State
of Kentucky in enforcing the laws and insuring
peace and security to good citizens. If it is not
in the very best form, let it be put in a better form;
but now is the time; let us have the measure right
at once; and if it is not properly worded, let some
experienced and able lawyers put it in proper
phrase. We want it in the best form in which it
can be presented.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think, perhaps, that I
ought to say distinctly that I um in favor of this
proposition. I desire to say that now, lest it
mi°ht be inferred from the technical objection I
raised, that I was against the measure. I am for
it; I think it is a very important measure; but I
think it is always safe to make haste slowly, when
you make such radical changes in judicial systems
in any respect. I think there ought to be time af-
forded to the people to know about these changes;
they should have an opportunity of kn wirg what
the law is,and have time to acquire a kuowledgeof
it. Now,if you put tliisamundmentonthc foot of a
j Utile Disiiiu bill, just at the moment when it is
| going through, the country will know nothing of
! it, and all the United States courts throughout the
