2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Union that are being held now and that are meeting
every day,and wheregrandjurors are being sworn,
will be very unlikely to know of the true charac-
ter of this bill. 1 have, myself, very little doubt
that indictments of vast importance may be
quashed in consequence of an ignorance of the
passage of this bill with this provision in it, if it
be passed at once. Those of us who have hack
some experience in criminal matters know that
although you may catch a criminal sometimes
on an indictment, if that indictment is quashed,
he is very apt to escape. There is a proposition
now before the'Committee on the Judiciary to
amend the jury law in the Federal courts, and it
seemed to that committee tg be proper that this
amendment, which is no new thing to us, should
come in on that bill—a great public bill which
will be known and understood as being before
Congress, and which, when it becomes a law, it
will be known to the whole country. That is the
whole object I have in view; and I have taken
more time, perhaps, than I ought in saying these
few words explaining the reason why I oppose
the amendment as applicable to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose the matter should be
postponed until next week, how much better no-
tification would it be to the country next week
than at the present time? Would not the same
objections as to indictments and motions to quash
indictments be as liable to be made at any future
time, when the bill passes, as now? If gentlemen
want to provide against such motions and such
objections as those in the operation of the law, let
them propose that it shall take effect in thirty days
after its passage. We have just had a circuit and
district court of the United States close their ses-
sions in Kentucky, and we should have been better
with the existence of a law requiring the admin-
istration of such an oath there during those terms,
than we have been. That is my opinion.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I simply meant to say that
the country would know of the existence of such
a law by the fact of a general jury law for the
whole United States being reported and acted
upon here, better that they would from the legis-
lation of the present hour when this amendment
is put on a local, District bill. If there be any im-
portance in this matter, as is the case, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will hurry up their busi-
ness in relation to it, and report a general bill;
but, perhaps, I have said too much on the subject
already.
Mr. DAVIS. If there were two bills before
the Senate now, I would prefer to attach this to a
bill of a general character of which the gentleman
speaks; but when shall we have such a bill as that
in a condition to pass ? I have received a commu-
nication from my State in relation to this matter.
I asked the privilege of embodying the provisions
of these two sections in a separate proposition,
and 1 presented it to the Senate, and moved its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary some
week or ten days ago. It was so referred. It has
been before that committee for consideration. It
has not been reported yet foraction. The session
is drawing towards a close. We shall be over-
whelmed in a few days with important business.
We do not know whatoppoi tunities we may have
to get such a measure through the two Houses of
Congress. We now have tin opportunity, where
it can be done just as safely as it can be done in
any other company, or freighted with any other
bill, and I do hope the provision will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. In the first place, in regard to
all those persons who may be so unfortunate as
to be indicted,! suppose that it is within the power
of the courts or the juries to reindict them. 1
suppose that very few such cases as that will hap-
pen, because I understand it to be a rule of the
Attorney General, whenever a bill passes affect-
ing the practice of any of the courts, the moment
it is approved to send a copy of it to the proper
officers of that court. There is not a court of the
United States this side of the Rocky mountains
that will not be reached in three days from the
time of the passage of the law. Then, again, in
answer to the other objection, it is very easy to
declare that the law shall not go into effect until
after a certain day. In one word, I undertake to
say, from the information I have and from iny
knowledge of the facts existing in some of the
States, that it is just as necessary that this pro-
vision should be passed immediately for the pro-
tection of loyal citizens in those States as it is that
this bill for the District of Columbia should pass
immediately. There is precisely as much reason
in the one case as in the other, and I am equally
for both.
Mr. HOWE. 1 hope that the suggestion of
the Senator from Iowa as to fixing a timeat which
this provision shall take effect, will be adopted.
I thirSt it very important that the time at which
such a law is to go into effect should be fixed.
Mr. GRIMES. Let any gentleman propose a
day.
Mr. HALE. Say the 1st of June.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say thirty days after the
passage of the act. That will be long enough.
Mr. GRIMES. I will modify my amendment,
by adding to the second section of it these words:
Provided, That these last two sections shall not take
effect or go into operation until thirty days after approval
of this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa as
modified.
The question being put, the Chair declared that
the amendment appeared to be rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for a division.
Mr. HALE. As afriend of the bill,and I have
spent some considerable labor upon it, I would
rather adopt this amendment than have a division,
and I hope the friends of the bill will vote for the
amendment. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that whoever called
for this division will withdraw the call. He-re is
a proposition, in regard to which there is a very
general acquiescence in the Senate on the part of
these who are present, but it is offered as an amend-
ment to a local bill. This is a bill providing for
the selection of jurors in the several courts in the
District of Columbia. That is the bill. Itisnoth-
ing else. It provides for selecting jurors here, and
directs the clerks of the courts and register of the
city of Washington to make out lists of names.
It contains various details. I believe it is un-
objectionable. The Committee on the Judiciary
were unanimously for it. It was reported by that
committee with a few slight amendments, which
have been agreed to. And now, when such a bill
is under consideration, a proposition is made to
annex to it a provision that in all the United States
courts throughout the country a ccrtain oath shall
be administered to the jurors. It is true we could
change the title of (lie bill and putin something
that would show that it contained a provision like
this; but it is not exactly harmonious with the
bill, and it seems that there is some objection to
it on the part of a few Senators. I think it would
be better to introduce it as a separate proposition,
and let it be passed in a bill by itself. I hope the
Senator fiom Iowa will not persist in pressing it
here. There cannot be much importance cer-
tainly in putting it on this bill. Let it be brought
in by itself in a separate bill, and passed in that
shape.
Mr. GRIMES. I fear there is not any chance
to pass either of these bills, for there docs not seem
to be more than a dozen of Senators in the Cham-
ber. I want both bills to pass. Now,however, with
the understanding wit!) gentlemen around me that
a bill shall be reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary at an curly day, to can y out the object
which I have in view in this amendment, and that
the Senate shall be brought to a vote upon it, I am
willing to withdraw the proposition that I have
submitted as an amendment to this bill. I trust
that the gentlemen on the committee to whom a
similar proposition was referred a few days ago
will see to it that we have a general law in regard
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa has aright to withdraw his amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in. The bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
EDUCATION OF COLOKED CHILDREN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No 290)
providing for the education of colored children m
the city of Washington, DistrictofColumbia, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to makeitthe duty of the municipal author-
ities of Washington to set apart ten per cent, of
the amount received from taxes levied on the real
and personal property owned by persons of color,
to be appropriated for the purpose of initiating a
system of primary schools for the education of
colored children. The board of trustees of pub-
lic schools are to have sole control of the fund
arising from the tax, as well as from contributions
by persons disposed to aid the colored race, or
from any other source; and they are to provide
suitable rooms and teachers for such a number of
schools as, in their opinion, will best accommo-
date the colored children in the various portions
of the District cities.
The Committee on the District of Columbia pro-
posed to amend the bill by inserting after the word
" Washington," in the fourth line of the first sec-
tion, the words (( and Georgetown."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fourth line of
the second section, after the word "and," to in-
sert" in the education of;" so as to make the clause
read:(e contributions by persons disposed to aid
in the education of the colored race.'
The next amendment was in the fifth line of the
second section, after the word " source," to insert
" which shall be kept as a fund distinct from the
general school fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following amendment; and if the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia does not
oppose it decidedly, I hope it will be accepted and
agreed to:
tflnd be it further enacted, That all persons of color in the
District of Columbia, or in the corporate limits of the cities
of Washington and Geoigetown, shall be subject to and
amenable to the same laws and ordinances to which free
white persons are or maybe subject or amenable; that they
shall be tried for any offenses against the laws in the same
maimer as free white persons are or may be tried for the
same offenses; and that upon being legally convicted of any
crime or offense against any law 01 ordinance, such persons
of color shall be liable to the same penalty or punishment
and no other as would be imposed or inflicted upon free
white persons for the same crime or offense; and all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act
aie hcieby repealed.
We have some laws here that everybody ad-
mits are very oppressive upon the colored popu-
lation of this District; some of them old laws made
by Maryland, others ordinances of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown. As we are now
dealing with their educational interests, I think
we may as well at the same time relieve them from
these oppressive laws, and put„^^em, so far as
crime is concerned, and so far as offenses against
the laws arc concerned, upon the same footing,
and have them tried in the same manner and sub-
ject them to the same punishments as the rest of
our people. This is one section of a bill which I
introduced in December or January, and I think
itisagood provision. Certainly it can do no harm
to put it upon this bill.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HALE. Let the title
be amended, by adding " and for other purposes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time has
not yet ariivcd for amending the title.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownins, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fe*>senden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, Iiarn^, IJcndcison, Ilowe, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Poineioy, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Tiumhull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—27.
NAYfi—Messr?. Davis, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wnght—6.
Mr. HALE. There is nol a quorum present.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, J\lay 8, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WASHINGTON STREET RAILWAY.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
