1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
mittee of Elections just as the facts of the case
presented themselves to my mind when I was
called upon to vote.
But I do say that it would be doing a great in-
justice to the contesting member to refuse to count
the ballots in these three boxes, and thereby to
chance the result of the election.
I luivc now, in a few words', Mr. Speaker, dis-
charged what I considered to be my duty in this
case. That I have no feeling in regard to it I
cannot say. That I would like to see justice done
is a principle which I fully and freely acknowl-
edge" ST. LOUIS COMMISSION.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask to have taken from the
Speaker's table the Senate joint resolution No. 22
providing for the payment of the awards of the
commission to investigate the military claims in
the department of the West.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House in-
sist on itsamendments, and agree to the committee
of conference asked for by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Bing-
ham, Wickliffe, and Wilson were appointed
the conferees on the part of the House.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE—AGAIN.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
tended to take part in this discussion; but I feel
constrained to say a few words before the House
shall be brought to a vote upon it, and the more
so, as we have been appealed to by my colleague
[Mr. Wright] to act conscientiously in this mat-
ter. There is a certain remarkable interview
described as having taken place between Joseph
Surfaceand Lady Teazle. In a subsequent conver-
sation with her, Mr. Surface used the word "hon-
or," when her ladyship suggested to him that the
less he referred to that quality perhaps the better.
And after the very remarkable statements of the
gentleman, 1 think the less he says about "con-
science" in this connection the better for his con-
sistency. I have not been so long in the practice
of the profession of the law as my colleague says
he has; but, as a sitting judge, I spent weary and
anxious months in investigating the facts and de-
ciding the law of the leading election case of Penn-
sylvania. For a period of nine yenis and nine
months, first by commission of the Governor, ami !
afterwards by popular election, 1 was a judge ot
that court to which the law commits election con-
tests in the great county of Philadelphia; and I
say that the law of Pennsylvania does not refer
to the ballots for the settlement of such cases. I
say that the leading case, and all the important
cases that follow it, exclude resort to them except
as a possible aid to the judicial miii(l, to be re- j
sorted to only under the exorcise of sound judicial j
discretion. I asked the gentleman to do me the |
favor, or rather to do the House the favor, of per- j
nutting us to follow him in the examination of the i
testimony. He declined to say from which page |
he read, and assured the House that I knew the !
reason why. I
Sir, if he mistook my request to be for a per- :
sonal favor, I know well the reason why; for
I have known him fiom my boyhood and would
not expect a peisonal courtesy from him. But
what I asked was an act of justice to the House,
and why the gentleman should refuse it I cannot
divine. I am sure it could not have been for the
same reason that induced a tricky counsel, in ar-
guing a case before me, in which he had astounded
the court and opposing counsel by reading as law
that which they all knew to be diametrically op-
posed to the teaching of the books, to refuse to hand
over the book from which he had seemed to read,
that it might be examined. I amsuie that it cannot
be that tile reason which controlled him influenced
my colleague—which was that he had simply
o muted from t lie text the little monosyllable "not,
and thereby reversed the sense ot the passage
cited. The gentleman did not contemplate any-
thing of that kind. I am sure he did not. I vin-
dicate him from the suspicion.
The actual count of the ballot-box, resolutely
and earnestly as the gentleman asserts that it did,
never determined an election case in a court in
Pennsylvania unless it was where the case, hay-
ing been brought into court, the parties came in
and agreed, by writing filed, that its determination
should depend on an examination of the boxes or
a particular box. That the law of Pennsylvania
is as I have stated it, may be ascertained by refer-
ence to the reports of her courts, which have been
examined by the committee, as is shown by their
references in their report. What, then, becomes
of the statement that her courts have uniformly
held otherwise, coming from the gentleman, and
of his assurance to the House that, in a long life
of professional practice, he has been engaged in
many of the leading election cases in Pennsylva-
nia, and has never known a case to be decided
except by reference to the ballot-boxes ? Sir, it is
of a piece with his statement that five of'the return
judges refused to sign the returns because they
'knew that Mr. Kline was elected. " Where do
you find your evidence that they refused to sign,"
says the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
"There is no such evidence, but they did not sign
them," says he. " If I used the word ' refused,'
I did it inadvertently." " How then do you know
that they knew that Mr. Kline was elected?" "I
judged so from the fact that they did not sign the
returns."
Is this House to be swayed in the discharge of
conscientious duty by such reckless assertions as
these? Sir, " fraud must be proved," says the
gentleman, and so far I accept his statement.
Fraud must be proved, and what is the case? The
return judges, acting under their official oath, re-
turned John P. Yerree as duly elected a member
of this Congress from the third congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania. The Governor, in pursu-
ance of that return, made the proclamation under
which Mr. Verrce took his seat. Now, in order
to oust the sitting member, the fraud must be
piovcd; and I challenge the most scrutinizing
examination of the testimony in the case to find
the first thing that, in the estimation of any man
familiar with election cases in Pennsylvania or
elsewhere, looks like fraud. And I take occasion
to say here, Mr. Speaker, that under the rule
adopted by this House, giving pay and mileage
to a contestant, if you will adopt the rule of exam-
ining ballot-boxes kept as those in question were,
you may pay double mileage and double compen-
sation to parties from all the districts of Pennsyl-
vania, and those of a good many other States at
each Congress. Make it so that men like those
named in the evidence in connection with these
ballot-boxes can be associated in doing what they
seem to have done here, and you will have con-
tested-election cases enough to keep the Commit-
tee of Elections and the House busy during the
term of an ordinary session.
What are the facts in this case? An election
was held on a giyon day, or to speak more prop-
elections were held in the forty-eight or
erly,   . • a
forty-nine precincts, constituting the third con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania. They were
conducted by men of differing political parties, se-
lected by the people of the precincts, who were
sworn to do their duty; and it was open to the
people of each and every precinct to go into coun
by petition and ask that three watchcis designated
by the people of the precinct should be appointed
to supervise, or at least to see that thcie was fair-
ness in the conduct of the election. If there was
doubt as to the integrity of the officers chosen to
conduct the election, if there was any indication
i! that fraud would be attempted in the precinct,
watchers were appointed. When the election thus
I conducted was closed, under the law, the proper
i! election officers announced from each window the
i! result of the election there held, and that result so
I announced was carried to the central news and
'i police stations. It showed that the sitting mem-
|i ber had been elected. On the day fixed by law
'l the icturn judges met, and every man who met,
j' every return judge who acted, signed the return
'! which declared the election to have resulted in ac-
! I conlance with the proclamation which has since
I been made by the Governor of the State, and un-
' der which the sitting member was sworn in.
;■ Mr. KLINE, (contestant.) Will the gentleman
! permit me to ask him if the return judges fiom
';! the eleventh, twelfth, sixteenth, and seventeenth
! wards signed that return?
Mr. KELLEY. Were you present?
Mr. KLINE. Yes, sir.
t'i Mr. KELLEY. Present when the return
i judges made nut their returns."'
i Mr. KLINE. I was at the door.
II Mr KELLEY. I say that the record shows that
Ij every return judge acting signed this paper. I
speak by the record as it is given in evidence, and
"I challenge contradiction of that fact, established
by the record of the caje, now lying on the desks
of members.
No w, sir, what one of the officers who conducted
that election has been put upon the witness stand ?
What one of them has given an intimation that he
had been fraudulently used or deceived by any of
his colleagues ? Not one. The case of the con-
testant stands before the House upon the bald
suspicions, ay, worthless facts, adduced from an
examination of the ballot-boxes, which were kept,
in the interim, aboutas sacredly as ifthey had been
carried each morning and placed upon a market
stall, and not more so.
Sir, if we would vindicate the law of the State of
Pennsylvania; if we would decide this case as
her judges, as shown by the reports, have uni-
formly decided such cases, we will adopt the res-
olution of the Committee of Elections. And by
so doing we will show to the people of Pennsyl-
vania that this House, at least, will not encourage
speculation in tlfe nature of contested seats m
Congress.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. CRAVENS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I find that I am recorded on the Journal as
having voted to lay the resolution yesterday of1
fered by my colleague [Mr. IIolman] on the table.
I voted in the negative, and ask to have my vote
so recorded.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Journal will be corrected.
Mr. THOMASfqf Massachusetts. That will
change the result of the vote, as I understand.
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is a matter of right,
however, that the gentleman shall be recorded as
he voted.
The SPEAKER. The vote, with the correc-
tion made, would stand,59 in the affirmative, and
59 in the negative. The Chair votes in the affirm-
ative, so that the result is not changed. The Chair
will direct the correction to be made.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolleda bill (H. R:No.
302) to provide for the appointment of additional
clerks in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
New York, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.'
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Fornet, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate insisted upon their amendment,
disagreed to by the House, to the joint resolution
in relation to certain railroads in Missouri, and
asking a conference thereon.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was state?! to be first upon the
amendment of Mr. Johnson, to strike out the
word " not" in the following resolution:
Resoled, That John Kline is not entitled to a seatiiitlils
House us n Representative in tile Tlurty-Seventll Congress
from the third congressional district in Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurrcd on the adoption ot
the lesolution. , ,
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas ant! nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and U was decided in
the affirmative—yeas lOo, nays 13; as follows.
Baxter.
Saiiiue.
Frederick A. Conkhtic, Roscbe Conklm<rv Ctmway
voil'i, Cusfieid. Cutler, Davu>, Dawes. Diven, Duel!, wn-
Jap, Dunn. Edgorton, Edwauls, Eliot, Ely, Fessenden,
Franeliot. Fiunk, Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Grider, Gur-
lc\, llaiglit. Hale. Harrison, llolman, Hooper, Horton,
lluU'l.ni-i, Kelle>, France W. KeMogg, Killing, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovcjov, McKmgUt, McPhmon, Maynard, Men-
zk's, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, J«sUn £i.
Momll,Nixon. Noble, Nocl^Olin,Patton, Perry, Timothy
