1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
Senate bill No. 178, to incorporate the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railway Company.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House agree
to the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses relative
to this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Stevens, Ashley,and Steele,,
of New York, as managers of said conference on
the part of the House.
KILLING OF EGBERT E. SCOTT, ESQ.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is reported tliat Robert E. Scott, Esq., and a
mnn by the name of Dulany, citizens of Fauquior county,
Virginia, were killed on "Saturday last by two soldiers
belonging to the Army of the United States:
Be it therefore resolved, That the Secretary of War be
rrquested to ascertain all the tacts in ie)ation to the said
supposed homicide, and patticularly if the same was per-
petrated by the command or permission of any officer of the
Army; and if not, what steps, if any, liavo been taken to
arrest or punish the soldiers aforesaid, and to furnish such
information at his earliest convenience to this House.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the House to set apart
two days for the consideration of business rela-
tive to the District of Columbia. I would suggest
Tuesday and Wednesday of next week.
Mr. STEVENS. Would not one day be suffi-
cient?
Mr. DELANO. It would not. There is more
than the usual amount of business to be reported
from the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
say Monday.
Mr. BINGHAM, I hope he will say Friday.
Mr. DELANO. I will say Monday and Tues-
day.
Mr. COLFAX. Monday is suspension day.
Mr. DELANO. My experience here has shown
that one day is insufficient for the consideration
of this business. We have heretofore occupied
two days, and then have not disposed of the busi-
ness. I have no objection to taking Friday of
next week, with the understanding that if more
than one day is necessary it shall be granted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to Friday. That
ought to be given to private bills.
Mr. DELANO. I will say Thursday, then.
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust it will be put down
for consideration after the morning hour.
Mr. DELANO. Yes.
No objection being made, Thursday next was
assigned for the consideration of the business
relating to the District of Columbia.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ask the House to
grant leave of absence to mycolleague,Mr.Nor-
ton, who has been called home on account of
sickness in his family.
No objection being made, leave of absence was
granted.
AGENTS FOR THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COLFAX. I am requested by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office, and also by the Post-
master General, to present to the House the bill
which I send to the Clerk. I will state the object
of it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to explain the object of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
that; but then I want the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. COLFAX. The object of the bill is to
authorize the Postmaster General to employ spe-
cial agents of the Department at less than the
rates now fixed by law. The rate fixed by law
is $1,000 per year. In renewing the service in
the southern States, it is found that the compen-
sation of the special agents, which it will be ne-
cessary to employ, will exceed the appropriation
made for that purpose, unless Congress gives au-
thority to employ them at less rates than now
fixed by law. The Postmaster General can em-
ploy competent and efficient agents for $1,000 a
year, and the Committee on the Post Office direct
me to- report a bill for that purpose.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
A bill in regard to the compensation of special
agents for the Post Office Department for tempo-
rary purposes.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the bill?
Mr. HOLM AN. One question before that is
determined.
Mr. FENTON. If the committees are regu-
larly called, the Post Office Committee will soon
be reached, and the gentleman can then report the
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, which is The consideration of
territorial business; and nothing is in order at
this time except that. It is the duty of the Chair
to see that the order of the House is executed.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I rise to a
question of privilege. I call up the report of the
Committee of Elections in the case of Byington
vs. Vandever.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman
from Rhode Island yield the floor to a motion in
reference to that case?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I would
first like to know what the nature of the motion
is. If the motion is to postpone the consideration
of this case to a day certain during this session, 1
shall have no desire to press this case upon the
House at this time. Otherwise, I insist upon the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Do 1 understand the
gentleman to yield? If so, I move to postpone
the consideration of this case until next session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines to
yield to such a motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman hear
me?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Yes, of
course.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman, whose
case is before the House, [Mr. Vandever,] a
neighbor of mine, and who occupies a seat near
me, has, as the House knows, just returned from
the head of his regiment, and is not prepared now
to enter into the ""discussion of this question. I
understand that he was advised by telegraph of
the action of the committee, and has just come
here. Now, sir, I believe it is unfair to him to
proceed to the consideration of the case at this
time, and I wish to make an appeal to the House,
not only on his account, but on account of many
other gentlemen whose cases will be affected by
the decision of this case. My colleague from the
Bclville district [Mr. Fouke] is at present away
at the head of his regiment, and if the case of the
gentlemau from Iowa is decided against him, it
will put my colleague out. There arc also three
members from New York who are absent at the
head of their regiments and in the face of the enemy.
One gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Mars-
ton] is in the same condition, and one from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] the father of the House, has
not been here at all. I think it would be unfair
and unjust to those gentlemen to proceed now to
the declaration of a principle which will oust all
of them from their seats during their absence. I
do not think there is any great public interest to
be subserved by a disposition of this case at this
time. I confcss, very frankly, that the inclination
of my opinion is with the committee; but I trust
we will postpone this matter until next session,
when all of these gentlemen, we hope, will be here,
in order that they may themselves be heard in de-
fense of their own cases. That is but just and
fair. I should be very sorry to have a principle
determined which shall oust all of them from their
seats during their absence.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. In reference
to this question of postponement, I have to say
that it 13 not the desire of the committee to press
this case upou the House against their wish; but
this matter was brought to the attention of the
House early in December. It was then referred
to the Committee of Elections, and the gentleman
from Iowa, [Air. Vandever,] whose seat is now
claimed by another, was at that time in the House,
and remained here some months, and might have
appeared before the committee, or in the House, j
or elsewhere, and have contested this matter, had
he seen fit to do so. He so treated -the question
that at least the committee inferred, whether cor-
rectly or not, that he did not intend to make any
contest in relation to it. He was then called to
his regiment, and the, committee postponed all
action upon the case, and delayed it from time to
time, important as they considered the case to be,
not only in principle, but in a pecuniary point of
view.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish to make a sug-
gestion, as I understand the gentleman desires to
carry out the wishes of the House. I understand
that the gentleman makes no objection to a post-
ponement to someday certain during this session.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I am anx-
ious to carry out the wishes of the House in this
respect; but I desire to give the House some rea-
sons why the question should not be postponed.
If the House desires to postpone this matter after
having heard these reasons, I shall not press the
case now.
I was saying that this question was before the
committee, and that the gentleman from Iowa was
present. His case might have been heard, and
might have been tried, months ago; but the com-
mittee, appreciating his position, and desiring to
extend every possible facility for the trial of the
case, affecting, as it did, other members of tha
House, delayed it from time to time, until the
gentleman could arrive from his command and be
here to try the case in person. It was hardly
then expected that it would be required of them
to wait until all those members who held com-
mands in the Army should arrive here, especially
as the case is one which had been previously set-
tled by the action of this House.
But, sir, notwithstanding these considerations,
if it is the pleasure of the House to postpone this
case, and the gentleman from Illinois makes a
motion to postpone until the first day or week of
next session, 1 shall not oppose it strenuously.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand the gen-
tleman to yield to that motion.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Yes,sir; in
order to test the sense of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move, then, to postpone
the consideration of this case until the first Wed-
nesday of next session. And now I give way to
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. VANDEVER. Injustice to the commit-
tee who have this case under consideration, and
to the House, it is proper that I should state, after
what has fallen from the gentleman from Rhode
Island, that it was not through any indifference
upon my part that I did not pay attention to this
case pending before the committee. I was in my
seat at the commencement of the present session
of Congress, but I supposed at that time that the
memorial of the contestant, and the principal point
upon which he relied, was simply as to the time
of holding the election, and upon that point I filed
a brief, which I think has been printed and is be-
fore the House.
But there is another point which I wish to press
upon the attention of the House; and that is, that
after I had left my seat this whole mass of evi-
dence which bears upon this case, and which
seems to have swayed the minds of the commit-
tee, has been accumulated, and is now for the first
time brought to the attention of the House. I saw
it for the first time within the last few days.
For my own part, I am wholly unprepared to
proceed to the consideration of this case at this
time. 1 might not be able to change the mind of
a single member of the committee, or to influence
the action of the House at all; but believing, as I
do, that the committee have fallen into grave er-
rors in their report, inadvertently, no doubt, I
deem it of the highest importance that time should
be allowed to show that those errors exist. That
evidence is only to be had by bringing it from the
State of Iowa, where 1 reside. I telegraphed im-
mediately upon my arrival in this city, and after
reading the report of the committee, for those
documents. Considerable time must necessarily
elapse before they can come here from the capital
of my State.
Mr. BYINGTON, (contestant.) I desire to
propound an interrogatory to the gentleman from
jowa. I desire to ask my honorable friend from
the second congressional district of Iowa [Mr.
■Vandever] what additional facts he expects to
adduce upon the hearing of this case, and, if any,
how he expec.ts those fa«ts to operate upon the
