2982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
less scrupulous neighbor, in addition to insuring
a much greater revenue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
amendmentwil! notbeadopted. Thedutiesatpres-
ent levied on silks have been carefully arranged,
and I believe are generally satisfactory. Of course
it is understood that in this country we neither
grow siik nor manufacture it to any great extent.
The present law in relation to the subject is to ad-
mit raw silk free; and to levy a duty upon silk as
reeled from the cocoons into one, two, and three
strands, at 25 per cent, ad valorem; and then upon
silk, costing less than $1 per yard, a duty of 30 per
cent. That allows the lower qualities of silk to be
purchased at only 30 per cent. duty. But when
you reach dress silks, which are sold at from §50
to §150 a dress, the duty is 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The duty is also 40 per cent, upon silk fringes and
trimmings. That is not too much, and I trust the
House will be content to let the duty stand as it
is, and not lower it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert,
after the word " sheetings," page 30, line twenty-
seven, the words, " made of llux or hemp," so
that the clause shall read, " on Russia ami other
sheetings made of flax orliemp, brown and white,
5 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. By unanimous consent I de-
sire to go back to page 23, and move to amend by
striking out " forty," in line eighty-two, and iii-
sertin "fifty;"so as to make the duty on manu-
factures of India-rubber "' ! silk 50 per cent, ail
valorem.
Tilc amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move to strike out from
lines ten and eleven of section eleven, the words
" except flax, tow of llax, Russia and Manilla
hemp, and codilla, or tow of hemp," which em-
brace articles to be exempted from the taritl' of
$5 per ton. I wish to inquire of the gentleman
from Vermont, why it is that Russia and Manilla
hemp and codilla, tow of flax, and tow of hemp
ai-e exempted from the operation of the duty pro-
vided in this portion of the section ? I would say
that it is out of this Russia hemp, as I understand
il, imported into this country, from winch the
cordage is made which we think ought to be man-
ufactured entirely from hemp grown in America.
I hope it is not the object of the gentleman from
Vermont to except that sort of hemp ft'om the
operation ofthe duty which is imposed upon other
kinds.
Mr. MORRfLL, of Vermont. In response fo
the gentleman from Kentucky, I desire to say that
in reference to hemp, as in reference to several
other articles, the duties were raised during the
iusc session of Congress. Upon wines, upon su-
gars, and upon Russia and Manilla hemp, the
duty was then raised, while it was not raised
upon other classes of hemp. We thought it jus-
tice to (he hemp interest of Kentucky that all other
kinds of hemp which competed with her should
he raised to a proportionate standard of duty.
Mr, MALLORY. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to page 15, and move to amend by strik-
ing out from lines oik: hundred and fifteen and
one hundred and sixteen, the words " Provided,
That rhubarb imported fiom beyond the Cape of
Good Hope shall bo subject to pay a duty of .'10
cents perpound;'' thereby leaving the duty on all
rhubarb 50 per cent.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend, by insert-
ing between lines and ten, page 17, the word " in-
digo;" so that it shall be placed in the list of arti-
cles paying 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. STEVEiVS. I object to going back to that
pase. The omission there was entirely designed.
It was one of those ai tides which we thought best
to leave entirely unlaxed.
Mr. MALLORY. Cuming back to the section
under consideration, I move (o amend by adding
at the end of line thirty-five, page 30, this proviso":
Provided, That all licnip, or piopanuimK of hemp, u-oil
for naval by tile Government of the United States,
snail be of Ameuo.in giowlli ;m<i iiianufjcture.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 d esire to ask the gentleman
a question. I want to ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if the stock of American hemp runs
out in hanging these rebels, whether we are to let
those unhung go scot freer
Mr. MALLORY, I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that we can supply enough to
hang all the rebels ten times over, and that the
stock can by no possibility run out.
Mr. WRIGHT. And all the abolitionists, too?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes; including all the abo-
litionists.
I was pleased with the remark of the gentleman
from Vermont, a few moments ago, and I moved
this proviso in accordance with the views ex-
pressed by him. He stated that his object, es-
pecially during the continuance of this war, was
to look for supplies for the Army and the Navy,
and all that is needed by them, to this country
alone, and not to foreign countries. And I say
to the gentleman from Vermont that we now pre-
pare in this country an article of dew-rotted hemp
which is better for all purposes of cordage than
any which can be imported, and that we only need
some encouragement in the way I propose by that
proviso to enable us to make a full and ample
supply for commercial and naval purposes. This
is a matter of great importance to us at the West.
You know that by the operation of this tariff bill
we are oppressed to a great extent. Our interests
are different from the interests of that section of
the country from which the gentleman comes.
We are an agricultural people, and we claim that
in the preparation of a bill of this sort, wherever
our interest can be looked to, it should be looked
to. This is a matter which has engaged the at-
tention of the country and of Congress for along
time, and I believe it is a matter which interests
the manufacturers of New England as much as it
does the producer of hemp in the western coun-
try. Both interests will be promoted by the adop-
tion of the proviso, and I suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont, who has in charge this bill,
that he accept the proviso, and allow us to have
no difficulty in inserting it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose the
gentleman from Kentucky has accomplished his
purpose by moving the amendment to let his con-
stituents know that he is wide awake to the in-
terests of Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman is very much
mistaken. 1 want the amendment adopted, and I
believe it will be adopted. My only surprise is,
that the gentleman himself has notseen the cogency
ofthe reason for it, and given me his influence in
favor of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Does not the gentleman know that
the Navy Department are of opinion that, in the
way that American hemp is prepared, there are
certain things connected with theNnvy that Amer-
ican hemp will not answer for, and that they have
uniformly used another hemp, prepared and rotted
in a d i lie re lit way ?
Mr. MALLORY. I assert that there can be
prepared fiom American hemp an article fitted for
every purpose for which hemp is used in the
Navy, and as good as any foreign article.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question, which was, whether the
Navy Department were not of a different opin-
ion, and that therefore they have bought foreign
hemp for certain things?
Mr. MALLORY. -Oh, yes; and I know the
Navy Department is generally presided over by
some gentleman from "New England—from that
region of country where these tariff bills are gen-
erally prepared with so much care, and we look in
vain for the notion of that Department in ourfavor.
Mr. ENGLISH. I simply desire to say that I
suppose this is a bill for revenue, and not for the
purpose of protecting any interest of our country.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I understand that protection
is looked to in this bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the gentleman's amend-
ment is adopted, it will be inconsistent with the
object of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I know when the subject of
manufactures of other descriptions comes up, we
hear the gentleman from Connecticut enlarging
extensively on the protective character of the bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. Oh, no.
Mr. MALLORY. When the subject of the
manufacture of hemp comes up, he tells us that it
is a revenue bill.
Mr. WALL. The gentleman from Kentucky
tells us that we have now in this country, and
have had, for all purposes of manufacturing cord-
age, as good an article of hemp as the Russia
hemp. 1 will admit, for I know the fact, that they
can raise as good hemp in Kentucky and Missouii
as grows anywhere, and they do raise the staple,
but they destroy the hemp in preparing it after it
is grown, I speak from experience, and when
gentlemen talk aboutthe protection of hemp, I say
they have nowabundantprotection. Alithis year,
you could buy what is called rough American
hemp at St. Louis for from $50 to $60 a ton, when
Russia hemp was bought by the hundred tons in
New York at $220 and $230 a ton. I know this to
be the fact. 1 have been a dealer in hemp for forty
years. 1 boughttwo or three thousand tonsofhemp
in St. Louis this winter, or rather my sons bought
it there, for £60 and $70 a ton, when we were pay-
ing by the hundred tons $220 a ton for Russia
hemp. Well, the difference in value is because
they do not prepare their hemp properly in this
country. Now, [ say that when there is a set of
people in any State who have not the enterprise to
try to prepare their article in the proper way, when
there is a difference of more than $120 against the
foreign article, I do not see how we can help them
as manufacturers.
Mr. MALLORY. In answer to what has fallen
from the lips of the gentleman from New York,
who seems to be a manufacturer of cordage and
hemp, I will send to tho Clerk's desk, for exhibi-
tion, a specimen of dew-rotted hemp, and also a
letter of May 27, addressed to a friend of mine
by a gentleman in Boston, Massachusetts, upon
this subject, which I think is a complete answer
to what the gentleman has said:
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
With tli is you have a sample of the best kind of dew-
rotted Ameiiean hemp, such a4* should be used by our
Navy. I am f-urprised that the western members do not
compel the Government to use it. It is much preferred for
movt kinds of coidage, particularly where great strength is
required. The Secietaryof the Navy has a document,
signed by all the principal rope-makers and riggers, with
many meichants, recommending its use. I want you to
try to interest the members to bring in a bill or resolution,
framed to compel the Secretary ofthe Navy to buy Amer-
ican hemp. Why should we, at this crisis in our country's
history, spend money for a foreign inferior article, when a
better can be found from our own soil? My interest, it may
be, would leati me to piefor the imported article, but my
judgment would not. I have no hesitation in saying that
the Government should never purchase another ton of for-.
eignbemp; but depend on it, the Department will have to
be instructed, or it will go on in its usual way. Benton
bt ought in a bill or resolution prohibiting the purchase of
Russian hemp imported. I am not awaie that it has been
abrogated; but it applied to water-rorted hemp. Since that
penod dew-rotted hemp has been thoroughly tested, and
found to he equally as durable. 1 know of guys and rig-
ging sixteen <n twenty years in constant use."
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
to tho gentleman from Kentucky, that I have no-
ticed that the great security for protection under
revenue laws ofthe Government, is in the men that
administer the law, rather than in the law itself.
Now, I believe th gentleman is a supporter of the
present Administration, as I am, and I think he
should be willing to trust them in relation to this
matter; I feel sure they will use Kentucky hemp
when it will answer the purpose. It is well known
that the production of hemp in Kentucky and Mis-
souri has greatly decreased. Certainly in Ken-
tucky it is no longer a leading crop.
In relation to putting in a proviso of this sort,
if the gentleman will oiler it to some confiscation
bill, or in relation to the hanging of rebels, I will
unite with him in endeavoring to have it adopted,
for if any inferior sortof hemp should be used for
that purpose, and the rope should break once or
twice, I should have no sort of objection.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state, in relation to
what fell from the gentleman from NewYork [Mr.
Wall] a few moments ago, that I was somewhat
surprised to hear of Ins purchasing a good article
of hemp, either m Missouu or Kentucky, for fifty
dollars a ton. I have been somewhat familiar with
the sale of the article for years past, and I have
never known any description to sell for that price,
unless it had been destroyed in the process of rot-
ting or was tow or refuse hemp. I had the letter
which has been read-at the Clerk's desk read for
the purpose of showing the gentleman from New
York that it is becoming the settled conviction of
gentlemen of experience in the eastern States that
the dew-rotted hemp prepared in the United States
can be used for all the cordage required in our
Navy, and I wish to secure its adoption and use
for all those purposes.
