2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
minds of the committee after they have made this
report upon an elaborate examination of the case?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not yield for any
discussion. I will now yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grider,] as I
forgot to mention that one of his colleagues [Mr.
Jackson] is interested in the decision of this ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to this farming out
of :fie floor
Mr. GRIDER. I have got the floor independent
of the gentleman's objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washbtiene,] who is entitled to the floor,
can only yield it by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope that by unani-
mous consent the gentleman from Kentucky will
be allowed to saya word in behalf ofhis colleague,
who is away, and whose right to his seat is in-
volved in this case.
The SPEAKER. Ifthere is objection, thegen-
tleman cannot yield the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Illinois
can yield it unconditionally.
Mr. GRIDER. I do not understand that there
is any objection to the floor being yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to the gentleman from Illinois
yielding the floor unless he yields it uncondition-
ally.
Mr. GRIDER. I ask-the Speaker if I am not
entitled to the floor independent of the objection
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not.
Mr. GRIDER. Then I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw liis objection.
Mr.'JOHNSON. No, sir; I cannot.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor, and if he yields it, he must
yield it unconditionally.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I demand the pre-
vious question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I demand the yeasand
nays.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. On the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot
be taken on seconding the previous question.
Mr. BY1NGTON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment, to enable me to make a
suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
yield to mo for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Of course, when I am
appealed to by the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, I hardly know how to resist; but if I
yield at all, 1 must yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. GriderJ who asked me first.
Mr. DAWES. I will renew the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields the
floor, he must yield it unconditionally, and the
Chair would then recognize the gentleman from
Kentucky. Does the gentleman withdraw the
demand for the previous question?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir. I must de-
cline.
The question was put upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and on a division
there were—ayes 48, noes 33; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will give way to the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, if he will
yield to fhe gentleman from fCentucky.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must yield
unconditionally if lie yields at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Very well; I withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GRIDER. Mr. Speaker, I was not anx-
ious to get the floor because I had much to say.
I have only a word or two to say to the House.
I concur with the gentleman who asks a postpone-
ment of the consideration of this question until the
next session, and I will briefly state the reasons
that operate upon my mind. I understand that
the subject which we are about to postpone in-
volves questions of some intricacy and some
doubt, and I understand further that there has
been a great variety of opinion upon this very
question which the committee have been examin-
ing. Now, sir, in view of that fact, I presume
that those gentlemen who occupy positions in this
House, and who are also in command of troops
in the field, have been under the impression that
if they held commissions under the State govern-
ments they were eligible to hold positions upon
this floor as Representatives of their people in
Congress. If gentlemen have gone into the Army
and exposed themselves to all the perils of camp
life and of service in the field under that impres-
sion, I say that it is a compliment to their patriot-
ism, and if they were laboring under that view of
this question, I believe it is but fair and right that
the matter shall be postponed until they are pres-
ent here to speak for themselves as to their con-
victions of the law of the question. My motive
in favoring this postponement is, that these gen-
tlemen may be here to speak for themselves be-
fore the committee and before this House.
Now, sir, one word more, and I am done. If
that view of the question has been taken by these
gentlemen,and tliey are actingingood faith, what
evil can result from a postponement of this ques-
tion? We anticipate and hope, we believe that by
the commencement of the next session this war
will be over, the Government will be in safety and
in peace, and everything will be reconstructed
and in order;*and then these gentlemen who are
now commanding in the field will be in their seats
in this House, and can be heard for themselves
in relation to their rights and privileges. I think,
therefore, that we ought to postpone the report of
the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the questions in-
volved in this case  
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order. It is that this protracted debate upon a
motion to postpone is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The question of postpone-
ment is the only question now before the House.
The merits of the controversy are not.
Mr. DAWES. Does the Speaker rule that I
am out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doee not know,
as he has not heard the gentleman say anything.
Mr. DAWES. I was about to remark, Mr.
Speaker, that in the opinion of the committee this
case involved a very importantconstitutional pro-
vision—one which was inserted in the Constitu-
tion after great deliberation, and has ever been
deemed one of great importance to the independ-
ence of the House. It is, in my opinion, of far
more importance that it be decided rightly when
it is decided, than that it be decidcd to-day or to-
moriow. All the parties interested in the case
have this feeling so far as I am informed and be-
lieve. I think that a little understanding between
the parties would adjust this matter of a hearing
at some future period, for I am free to confess my
apprehension that the feeling of the House of ap-
preciation and admiration for the patriotism and
self-sacrifice of these gentlemen who have left their
places here to go into the field will endanger the
correct decision of this case. I have felt it all along
as a most important point, and a most important
question in danger from some of the best feelings
of our hearts, and therefore I desire, as one of the
committee, that it may be approached by the
House under those circumstances which will se-
cure for it the calmest deliberation and the fairest
consideration. Iknowmyfriendfrom Iowa wants
no more than that. I know that we all feel that
he has been doing his country a service, that he
has been doing his duty, whether ho has sacrificed
his seat upon this floor or not. I know he does
not want the House in his behalf to sacrifice a
great important constitutional principle, nor do
those other gentlemen who are situated as he is in
the field.
This question, when it has come up heretofore
in Congress, has elicited the discussion of the best
minds in the House; has received, stripped of all
party consideration, the gravest consideration and
determination.
Now, I believe it to be best to postpone the con-
sideration of this case, and not to decide it to-day.
The only question is whether it should be post-
poned to a day certain in the next session or to a
day certain in this session. To decide that ques-
tion, I believe we should consult both the wishes
of the contestant and sitting member, as well as
those who represent the wishes of other gentle-
mp.n similarly situated, who are not present, but
whoso right to seats in this House are involved
in the determination of this case. For that pur-
pose I desire to call upon both the sitting member
and the contestant for an expression of opinion
as to their wishes in this matter. I have no wish
myself, except that it shall be postponed until
such time as, when it is decided by the House, that
decision will never be referred to as a precedent,
either by military leaders or by an Executive. I
desire that the independence of this House shall
not be imperiled by our decision; and if that ob-
ject be sccurcd, I care not whether the question
be decided to-day or on the last day of this Con-
gress, so far as 1 am personally concerned.
Now, sir, I would like to inquire of the con-
testant and sitting member whether they cannot
accommodate themselves to a decision of this ques-
tion upon the first Wednesday of the next scssion-
I believe the contestant has the right to answer.
Mr.BYINGTON. Itseems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that the minds of gentlemen are laboring under a
misapprehension in regard to this particular case.
Although it may be true that the general princi-
ple, the constitutional principle, if you please, is to
a certain extent involved in the report of the com-
mittee, and may affect remotely other members of
the House, yet I think it is undeniable that there
are circumstances in this case which are peculiar
to itsolf. If gentlemen have looked into this report
and the papers of the case they must have satisfied
themselves at the same time that it stands in its cir-
cumstances peculiarly upon its own state of facts.
For instance, my friend, Colonel Yandever, the
honorable member from the second district of
Iowa, is not, as this committee have stated in their
report, a mere member of the militia of Iowa.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it is hardly worth
while to discuss the merits of the case now. I
merely desired to inquire whether there is any-
thing in the state of the case that will render it
incanvenient to have this question postponed until
the first Wednesday of December next?
Mr. BYINGTON. My wishes, and I think I
may say the wishes of the people of the second
congressional district of Iowa, are simply these:
this case has been for five months under con-
sideration by the Committee of Elections. I trust
that so far as I am concerned I have waited upon
their continued exhaustive deliberations with com-
mendable patience. At the same time, I can state
here, as I have always stated, that I desire, not
only in behalf of myself, but in behalf of the peo-
ple of the second congressional district of Iowa,
that this particular case should be determined at
the earliest practicable day. I had supposed that
after five mouths'delay, which had occurred in
this case, there would be no further efforts at post-
ponement, for, Mr. Speaker, during the last and
the present session, while thegravestsubjects have
been under consideration in this House, that dis-
trict, containing over four hundred thousand rep-
resentative population, has been entirely unrep-
resented, and I think I am justified in saying that
if this case is postponed, it will remain unrepre-
sented during the remainder of the session, while
these gi'eat subjects are occupying the attention
of the House.
Now, it so happens, if my own personal con-
venience is to be consulted in the matter at all, that
1 am underthe necessity, the imperative necessity,
to leave this city by next Saturday morning. I
can postpone it no longer. I am now standing
here to-day under a necessity which I cannot dis-
regard, to leave the city by that day. Unless this
case is therefore disposed of to-day, I am not cer-
tain that I can be here at all during the present
session to help to dispose of it. My presence may
not be necessary, but still it so happens that that
is my position just now. But I have this to say
i'fl answer to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
My first desire, and I may safely say the desire
of the people of the second congressional district
oflowa, is that this question should be determined
now.
If it be the intention of the House, however,
that it should not be determined at this time, my
second desire is that it bo so postponed as to en-
able both my honorable friend, the sitting mem-
ber, and myself to be here if possible, and I have
already understood him to say that he cannot re-
turn here again during the present session; that he
cannot relieve himself of his military obligations
to be here. For myself, I could not return here,
after I leave on Saturday morning, before some-
time in July, and T understand the sittting mem-
ber to state that he cannot be here then.
As the alternative, then, if this case is to be post-
