18(52.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tions, dated four days after the purchase, give the
price, as shown, at $17. The committee propose
to allow $4 50 less than the material and manufac-
ture, without the rifling and chambering, cost,
showing simply that the committee have not un-
derstood the case. Ripley sold them for $13 50
apiece less than the regulations of August, 1861,
fix the actual cost, when there was no pressing
need for sale, and Fiemont gave, after they wcie
altered, $5 more apiece than the Government
price then, and only $1 more than the Govern-
ment price when ho had been in service; yet the
committee say that " General Ripley is a gentle-
man of large experience, and inexorable in the
performance of lus public dudes." On the 12th
of April, 1861, the enemy attacked Fort Sumter;
on the 14th it surrendered; on the 15th the Piesi-
dent called for seventy-five thousand men to quell
the rebellion, all of whom would need arms; on
the 19th the traitors in Baltimore killed our un-
armed troops in the streets. On the Gih of June
the " inexorable" Ripley, on what he claims as
authority from the War Department, grounded
on a recommendation from his own department,
and all in violation of law, sold" five thousand four
hundred carbines for $3 50 each, which the reg-
ulation of 1^35 tells us are worth $21 each, and
the regulation published August 10,1861, thirty-
four days after the sale, gives the cost of manufac-
ture at $17; on the 16th of June we lose Harper's
Ferry, where they were made, and surrender to
the enemy all the arms there, with the machinery;
on the 20th of June the carbines are stili in the
arsenals, not paid for and not delivered. Ripley,
by written orders, directed that all, serviceable and
unserviceable, be delivered to Eastman, at $3 50,
subsequently buying seven hundred and ninety
of them at $15.
On August 6th, General Fiemont needing arms
for men who were ready to defend a vast depart-
ment, purchased five thousand of them at twenty-
two dollars, in open market, where the Govern-
ment officers had thrown them contrary to law,
but of which he knew nothing. On the 10th of
August, four days after his purchase, the very de-
partment which sold them at $3 50 report them at
seventeen dollars, cost of manufacturing in Gov-
ernment arsenals. Yet, you condemn Fremont
and indorse Ripley, after you have said that the
carbines were sold in the fit st place " pnvately." I
think that the committee will do justice when they
see these things in their true light.
But the committee inform us the Ordnance Bu-
reau, at whoso, head is General Ripley, in time of
war, recommends the sale, and sells, without law,
for one fifth their value, as shown by the books of
his own office, five thousand four hundred stand
of arms, with a loss to the Government of near
$73,000, and holds his office still, and who is m-
. dorsed by the committee.
lnexpei ienced, I now approach with hesitancy
to attack the cordon of fortifications thrown by ex-
perienced hands across the pathways of an honest,
pure, devoted patriot, for his destruction, to sat-
isfy the ambition of base and coriupt men, who,
instead of supporting him, have seized upon the
wisdom of his recorded councils and the armies
and Heels by him spoken into existence, from
which to gather the laurels due his rightful vic-
tories, to wreath their brows while he weais a
crown of thorns.
My purpose is to do an act of justice to one
who, though his name and honor stand connected 1
with this report and resolution, was not notified,
nor could have been present, when the extra-judi-
cial examination was had by the committee upon
which they are based. Nor can he be here now
to defend himself upon this floor against the un-
just charges and inferences contained in them,
agamst that name which has in this country long
been a household word, synonymous with free-
dom; loved at home, honored and rcspectcdabroad.
I well recollect how the grateful thanks of our
western people went forth to meet the President
for the appointment of the brave and generous
Fremont to the office of major general, and in com-
mand of the western department; how with one j
accord our young men rallied to the support of1
the Union, with the cheering hope that lie should
command them. The energy and perseverance of
the people of our western States have no just com-
parisons among men. It was not strange, then,
that they should look with pride and hope to a
commander whose courage, energy, and devotion
to liberty are proverbial throughout tlie civilized
world. 1 recollecthow it was proclaimed through
the public journals that lie was the right man in
the right place. That as this war xcas the result of
slavery's treason, fi tedom'spatriotic defender was our
proper commander. Our western people are plain
in manners, devoted in thought, and prompt in
action. With one hope we entered our country's
service; politics were forgotten among us; our
minds recalled and our tongues retold the scenes
of his past life, and rejoiced that the hour was nigh
when (as we then hoped and believed) he should
lead us to battle.
Nor have the people been deceived by the many
causeless and unjust efforts made by designing
persons to destroy their confidence in one of the
ablest generals in the American Army, and the
boldest friend of freedom in the Government ser-
vice. Conceal it as you may, misname it as you
will, the elements which have combined for Gen-
eral Fremont's destruction are too apparent to de-
ceive the common sense and quick perception of
our intelligent and patriotic people. They see it
successfully developed in the designs of the slave
power, as manifested towards him by its leaders
since his proclamation to the people of Missouri, of
August 30,1861, in a combination of long-known,
undermining politicians, and m a bigoted military
jealousy. We well know that General Fremont
was given his high rank in the Army in obedience
to the loudly and universally expressed wish of the
people, who desired when the Republican party
came into power that the services of its first repre-
sentative, the man who had welded it together, un-
der whom it had won its \ictories in 1856,should
be recognized. Against this wish to distinguish one
of themselves, the very men whom the people had
educated into their positions, have set themselves
in violent opposition, because he had not received
with them the rite of infant baptism at West Point.
Having from my youth learned to combat the
world's wrongs and neglects, and contend with
its privations, I condemn the ingratitude of this
class toward him, who only asks of the Govern-
ment that he be allowed to continue in the active
service of his country, leaving impartial history
to determine between West Point and western
patriotism.
There are some chronological events which,
when understood and recollected, will materially
aid in elucidating the positions I am taking in this
case, as well as the action of those who strive
with so much zeal to crush out every rising hope
of him whom they have thus far practically vic-
timized to their ungenerous purposes.
All will recollect the wide-spread national joy
which pervaded all classes of pure, unconditional
Union-loving citizens, when the lightnings told by
telegraph that Fiemont would take command in
our Army. Ho was, by those wl\pnow denounce
him, then the brilliant, able, and patriotic son of
the West,full of mind, energy, military skill, and
promise; and, in fact, these attributes were his
before his promotion to command—so by the rec-
ognition of all men, and the conliary was not
announced until his hand bad written the procla-
mation of A ugust 30,1861, a portion of which is in
the following memotable words, and which places
his name in history honorably, and in most pleas-
ing umty with his life from his earlier adventures
when he saved the State of California to fieedom.
But to the proclamation:
•'The prnpertj. leal and personal, of all persons in the
Slate ut Mis-omi, who shall rake up aims against the Uni-
ted States, or who khall bp dnectly pi oven Jo have taken
active pat t with then enemies in the field, is deelated to be
eonfUcaied to the public use, and their ciaves, if any tlicj
have, aie hereby deelated fiee men."
This was the head and front of his offending—
the key-note on which rallied all the elans in com-
bination against him. It was but a few hours
after he ha'd said that traitor's property should
help to pay the expenses of the war forced on us
by them, and that their slaves should be free, until
from Kentucky and Missouri—from the friends
of slavery, who have not risked their lives in this
War—came invectives against him and in favor of
the cause which wrongs us. Prior to this time,
neglect of the western dupai tmcntand western men
had been the only clue to his defeat, then appar-
ent to those who, for sinister motives, sought his
rum.
The proclamation was the opening door at
which his enemies entered and made common
pause against him. The politician who fears hia
popularity; the friend to slavery, who prefers that
institution, even in rebel hands,to the life and pros-
perity of ftce, true, and just men, at ileld, camp,
or homestead; the military bigot, who sees West
Point first, and after it, the country; and lastly,
speculators at the public Treasury, who, them*-
selves, guilty and suspected, point the finger of
distrust at others. These are the classes in unholjr
combination against an honest and pure man,
whom they cannot control, but hope to destroy, and-,
on the principle that a large shelter protects more
certainly from the storm, the attack is made on a
popular man to more effectually draw public at-
tention, while his assailants, running under cover
of this temporary check in the current of public
thought, in the armistice thus falsely obtained,
consummate their combined grasp ofpublicpower,
regardless of the cost and national ruin, leaving
the dissensions which will grow out of a division
of spoils to the settlement and conditions which
time may afford.
I do not stand here as the partisan of any man.
Knowing General Fremont as I do, I love him.
I know him to be deliberately brave and uncon-
ditionally patriotic, with a will to act, and a nerve
for that will; a mind to comprehend, a judgment
to direct, and an ability to execute; pure and hon-
est, with a soul which rises above the groveling
walks of the wily politician, the jealous professor
of conditional patriotism, the serpentine courseof
the oppressors of men, and of those Treasury
vampires who fas^n alike upon individuals and
nations, drawing their life-blood for selfish ag-
grandizement. He does not anticipate their base
machinations, nor prepare tomeetthem; and when
he finds himself basely and cowardly stabbed, as-
sassinated by those who had professed their friend-
ship, he pities the soulless wretches who could
inflict the wound, and looks to time and justice
for his vindication.
Yet, sir, though I loved and devotedly served un-
der him during his command m the western depart-
ment, I did not return with him from Springfield
after his relief. Colonel Lovejoy, of Illinois,
Colonel Hudson, of Indiana, and myself, all mem-
bers of his staff, chose, and with his full appro-
bation remained with the army, to which he and
we were attached by ties stronger than life, and
severed only when the army was, under General
Hunter, ordered to return where our further as-
sociation could do no good to either.
I mention this to show that, though cherishing
every hope and prospect for General Fremont's
just success, I bind my fate and will to no man,
only so feir as his pathway lies along those lines
of justice which Deity draws directly from him to
the hearts of all men; but here, as elsewhere, I
shall enjoy and exercise that freedom of thought
and action which is the leading trait in the char-
acter of htm for whom I speak.
I speak here as a member of this House, fully
recognizing the duties of that trust, and only de-
sirous that justice be done between the country I
serve and one of her most worthy citizens.
I am not here to ask favors of this House for
Genera! Fremont. Such act would be alike un-
just to him and the country. As an honest man
'he could take neither more or less than, by fixed
principles of justice between him and his country,
arc his dues; and the Government well adminis-
tered will only give to one of her citizens that which
under like circumstances she bestows upon an-
other. And, though this be true, General FrS-
mont has, and from the hour of hia appointment
as major general had, legally, the highest military
rank in the Army of the United States, except
the President and Lieutenant General Wmfield
Scott; yet his devotion to his country, his love of
order in our councils, his modesty of self-defense,
and willing submission to the directing power,
choosing to lose place, power, property, and life,
if necessary, rather than distract our forces by
jealousies and contentions in this hour of our
nation's trials, has made him never so much as
demand his rank and place. What I say on this
subject! say on my own responsibility, but fully
knowing what I say. Over this question of lank
even the President has no power, and the position
which General McClellan has held in the Army
is an error over General Fremont's legal rights,
i He whose energy and wisdom has provided
