1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
poned at all, and the sitting member and myself
are both to be here upon its final determination,
1 do not see any day before the next session when
both objects can be accomplished.
Mr. DAWES. Having elicited the information
I desired, I now call the previous question on the
motion to postpone until the first Wednesday of
the next session.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is this gentleman, dur-
ing the time we are delaying, receiving his pay as
a member of the House and as an officer of the
Army? *
Mr. DAWES. I think that question may very
properly be directed to the Committee on Mileage?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how that question is pertinent to the motion to
postpone.
Mr. BYTNGTON. He is receiving pay as both,
as the papers show.
The SPEAKER. The question is out of order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, As=liley, Babbitt,
Baker, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Casey, Chamberlm, Colfax, Cut-
ler, Davis,Dawes,Delano,Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgciton,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fes*enden, Fisher, Franchot, Frank,
Goodwin, Granger, Gridcr, Gurley, Hale, Hooper, Hutch-
ins, Julian, ICclley, Fiancis W.~ Kellogg, William Kel-
Jogg, Kerrigan, Killingev, Lansing, Lovejoy, McKmgbt,
"McPlierson, Maynard, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S. Morrill, Nixon, Noell, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porter,
Alexander H. Xilce, Itiddlc, Eosvaid H. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shollaharger, Stratton, IJon-
jamm F. Thomas, Tumble, Trowbiidge, Van Horn, Ver-
ree, Wallace, Charles VV. Walton, E. P. Walton, Wasli-
buine, Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. Wnite, Wil.-on, and
Windom—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, George H. Biowne, William G. Brown, Oalveit,
Clements, Frederick A. Conkling, Rosooe Conkling, Cox,
Cravens,Crisfield,English, Gooeli, Haiglit, Hall, Hanchett,
Harding. Harrison, Hickman, Holman, Morton, Johnson,
Knapp, Mallory, May, Menzieb, Morris, Noble, Odell, Olui,
Rieliaidson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Fianeis Thomas, Tiam, Voorhce>,
Wadswortli, Wall, Ward, Wickliffe, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—40.
So the report was postponed until the first Wed-
nesday in December next.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania, stated that Mr.
Ancoha was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, having been somewhatcon-
ttectcd with this question during the last session,
declined to vote.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. pATTONhad
been sick himself, but was now called home to
the sick-bed of a relative.
Mr. WHEELER stated that Mr. Clark was
confined to his room by illness.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, stated that, upon the
Nebraska contested election, yesterday decided,
he was paired off with his colleague, Mr. Rol-
LINS.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
v%te by which the report was postponed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 444) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and for other purposes,5'
approved August 5, 1861; and an act (II. R. No.
108) for the relief of John Skirving; when the
Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed an act (H. R. No. 404) to pro-
vide for the deficiency in the appropriation for the
pay of the two and three years volunteers, and
the officers and men actually employed in the
western department; and an act (H. R. No. 460)
to establish a port of entry in the collection dis-
trict of Beaufort, South Carolina, severally with-
out amendments.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the consideration of territorial bus-
iness, made the special order for to-day and to-
morrow, the first bill under consideration being
the bill (H. R. No. 357) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Arizona; the
question being on the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to recommit it to the
Committee on Territories, on which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. On a former occasion, when
this bill was reported from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, I asked, as a member of that committee,
briefly to state the reasons of my objections to its
passage. I was prevented, however, by the ob-
jection of the chairman of that committee. I am
indebted to the House for staying the impetuosity
with which it was sought to put the bill upon its
final passage without a written report or a single
word of explanation, and for affording me this op-
portunity of putting the grounds t>f my objection
on rccorcl. One year ago Congress organized the
Territoriesof Colorado, Nevada, and Dakota. At
that time it was not deemed necessai y or expedi-
ent to include Arizona. What change of circum-
stances may have occurrcd in the interim to render
it now necessary, I know not. Precisely where
this movement originates I have never been able
to ascertain. So far as the records of the House
throw any light upon the subject, no single inhab-
itant within its proposed bounds has asked for
this organization. If this bill shall become a law,
it will be an unsDught, and, for aught I know, an
unappreciated free-will offering to the mixed pop-
ulation to be affected by it. It gives the proposed
Territory the following bounds:
All that part of the present Terntory of New Mexico sit-
uate we«i of a line running due south from the point where
the southwest corner of the Territory of Colorado joins the
1101 them boundaty line of the Temtory of New Mexico,to
the southern boundary of the said Territory of New Mexico.
The only locality inhabited by white persons
within these limits is the western part of the sin-
gle county of Arizona. Prom returns furnished
mc by the census department, I find the popula-
tion of that entire county, at the date of the last
census, to have consisted of four thousand and
forty Indians, twenty-one negroes, and two thou-
sand four hundred and one white men.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from New York what the census shows
as the white population of that Territory?
Mr. WHEELER. Two thousand four hun-
dred and one, us given me by the census depart-
ment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will you allow me to
state this fact to the House? A gentleman who
is a native of Kentucky called upon me on the
subject of this bill. He had been out there as the
agent of a large mining company, organized in
New York, with his machinery, personal prop-
erty, and fixtures. He said that every white man
had been driven out by a few lenegades from the
South and Indians, and that there was notawhite
man left there. Now, let Congress organize it if
it chooses.
Mr. WHEELER. In the distracted and troub-
lous times which have followed that enumeration,
there can have been no considerable addition to
the white population by emigration. On the con-
trary, I have the authority of the Delegate from
New Mexico for saying that in that time that pop-
ulation has been diminished by at least one thou-
sand. The most recent advices are that nearly
the whole white population has been driven out
of Arizona by the Indians.
It never had any permanent white population.
Being wholly a mineral region, it is the home, not
of those seeking to make farms and build school-
houses, but of the adventurous miner who seeks
sudden wealth not attainable by the usual means
of patient industry, but by rapid accumulation, to
be enjoyed elsewhere. The power of the Federal
Government is now taxed to the utmost in the
whole Territory of New Mexico to maintain itself
in a contest with marauding Indians and invading
bands of rebel Texans, the latter of whom, until
quite recently, for a time held Santa Fe in sub-
jection. In this state of things all protection to
persons and property must come from the mili-
tary arm of the Government, and so far as this is
concerned it matters not whether it be extended
to any remaining inhabitants of Arizona, as citi-
zens of the Territory of Arizona or of New Mex-
ico. It will be just as potent and expensive in
the one case as in the other.
The creation of a territorial government carries
with it a pledge of protection, and invites emigra-
tion and investments of -capital. Are we in posi-
tion just now to launch a n$w organization and to
guaranty protection which can be sustained only
by the bayonet? Does not 6ound policy require
that we shall pause in the work of making1 new
governments until we can secure upon an enduring
basis what we already have?
t The most pressing want of Arizona now is not
civil dignitanesat high salaries,but plain, sturdy
men, at thirteen dollars per month, with arms in
their hands.
This Government never organized a Territory
for so small a white population as even the max-
imum in Arizona, as given by the last census.
Assuming the statcmentof the Delegate from New
Mexico as the correct basis, there are not now
one thousand whites in the whole of Arizona. In
this opinion the Delegate from the adjoining
Territory of Colorado concurs. We are asked to
incur for this small population an expenditure",
which, taking Colorado as a precedent,will amount
in the inception to at least $50,000. That I may
prove myself accurate in this statement, I give the
items and figures:
For salaries of Governor, judges, and secretary.... $10,500
For contingent expenses     1,500
For compensation and mileage of members of the
Legislative, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly  20,000
Salaj v and mileage of Delegate in Congress  9,800
For library  5,000
$46,800
There are other contingent expenses which I do
not name, such as for printing laws, &c., which
easily swell the amount to the sum named.
Sir, a territorial government at fifty dollars per
head, when the money is to bo ground out be-
tween the upper and nether mill-stones of taxa-
tion, is an expense in which the people of this
country are just now in no mood to indulge.
Every one knows that the expenses I have named
are but the prelude to endless drains upon the
Treasury. Appropriations for capital buildings,
for surveys, for roads, and other objects, will be
demanded of each succeeding Congress, and if the
scheme follows precedent, an Indian war upon an
extensive scale will be set on foot by mercenary
whites as a covcr for piracy upon the Treasury,
whereof Oregon has furnished a memorable ex-
ample.
Sir, no man, be he whose constituent he may,
has the right in this hour of their trial to make
such unjust demands upon the resources of the
people. The obligation is, and the sacrifice should
be, upon the part of the individual whose pecu-
niary interests should be subordinate in this great
contest for our national life.
The patent fact that this bill, if enacted into a
law, will entail an untimely, unnecessary burden
upon a strained Treasury, ought to defeat it. I
know that reference to the enormity of ourpublic
debt is common-place upon this floor; but I fear
that we have become so familiarized with im-
mense appropriations, that we do not realize their
magnitude. Day by day, by a single monosyl-
lable, we impose burdens which unborn millions
of the toiling masses of this country are to carry
through their lives, not complainingly, if justly-
imposed, but cheerfully,as an enduringmemento
of the value of the priceless Government which
shall protect, ennoble, and exalt them as no other
Governmentinthe world's history ever did or ever
can. It is well for us to take frequent observations
upon the boundless sea of expenditureuponwhich
we arc launched. It will be wise for us to remem-
ber that the people will hold us strictly responsible
for the burdens they receive directly at our hands.
If we do not realize it here, we shall find on our re-
turn to ourconstituents that nothing prompts and
sharpens scrutiny like taxation, and that our course
upon every measure which calls it into exercise
will be searched as with a lighted candle. Free
from the excitement and turmoil of this Capitol,
where mature deliberation is almost unattainable,
and without the aid of $3,000 a year and mileage
to put to the credit of their heavy burdens, the
people upon their farms, and in theig workshops,
will carefully and accurately work out the pro-
