1064
THE 00JSTG BESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
armies, gunboats, mortar boats, and written basis
for the plans of the present triumphant western
campaign, is discarded by the influence of the
combination against him, and slandered by the
political scavengers of the country.
Major Generals Fremont and McClellan were
appointed the same day; hence their commissions
bear the same date. This would leave them of
equal rank. In such cases the military law directs
that to determine the superior rank of one you as-
certain the relative rank of the appointees prior to
promotion. This done, we find that McClellan
was a captain and Fremont a lieutenant colonel-—
two grades higher than McClellan. Such is the
state of this case. I feel confident that when the
President has known his duty in these premises,
he will discharge it under the law.
I ask for Fremont justice, stern and unvar-
nished. No more, no less. I know nothing per-
sonally of any contracts made by the officers of
this Government for arms or supplies to be used
in the prosecution of this war, Nor have my
people engaged in such contracts. I do not now
know that any man in my district has a contract
with any branch of the War Department or their
agents for furnishing arms or supplies. My peo-
ple are in the service of, but not in the speculations
against, the Government. They and 1 stand free,
clear,and unincumbered. And for them, for jus-
tice, and myself, I stand to defend him against the
injustice done by parties in interest.
I have no disposition to assail the committee.
It is not my purpose or my duty. The members
of the committee are, with myself, members of
this House, and are my peeis on this floor. I
aided in raising this committee, and, unlike some
of my friends over the way, who make common
cause against another committee for special objec-
tions, I would vote again for investigating any
department of the Government which does not
stand above suspicion.
If public papeis are being plundered from the
White House, investigate it. When campaign
maps weie furnished, it) July last, by traitors in
the War Department to the enemy, causing defeat
of our army at Bull Run and Manassas, it should
have been investigated. When Adjutant General
Thomas treasonably published the strength of our
army in Kentucky and in Missouri, while in the
field, giving to the enemy the locality, destination,
and numbers of our forces, he should have been
tried for treason, condemned, and shot by the men
whom he betrayed, as a warning to traitors every-
where. Sir, my present complaint against the
committee is, thut they have not fully investigated
the subjects before them. They should have ex-
amined both sides of all cases prior to a report.
The accused should have been piesent. General
Fremont had no notice of the time, place, or pur-
pose of the committee's sitting. The examination
was made when he was in the field, at the head
of his army, hundreds of miles from St. Louis,
where its-sessions were held; and that the House
may more fully understand the net-work of
oppression which has been so dexterously and
perseveringly thiowu aiound him by parties in
influence and power, by directing, neglecting, pei-
mittmg, or restraining him, controlling his acts,
or countermanding his orders in his presence or
his absence, as seemed to his pursuers most con-
ducive to his injury, I will briefly explain the
circumstances under which the testimony in this
report relating to him was taken. That portion
of it taken in INew York was without notice to
him, and while he was at St. Louis, managing the
vast department under his command. And I do
not now intend saying of that taken at St. Louis,
that it was with a purposed intention to wrong
any one; but that cither the committee or Fic-
mont was purposely victimized, is apparent to
any one who knows the facts and cares to reflect
upon them.
On the 10th day of July last, this committee
was appointed in accordance with the terms of a
resolution offered by Mr. Va>t Wyck, now chair-
man of the committee. This was sixteen days
before Genetal Fremont took command of the de-
partment of the West. Ii was expressly under-
stood from the remarks of the chairman of the
committee, made on the introduction of the reso-
lution, that peculations were going on in the War
Department at Washington, and this House hav-
ing raised the committee, would very naturally
expect that it should, in a reasonable time, be in-
vestigated and reported, particularly so since Sec-
retary Cameron was in his Department almost
the entire time since the committee was appointed,
up to the date of his resignation; and as a mem-
ber of this body, and one who favors investiga-
tion, let me now say here, in my place, that I do
hope, if the committee intend to make an investi-
gation of the contracts entered into by the War
Department, while under the charge of Secretary
Cameron, that he shall have notice of the time,
place, and purpose of the committee's sitting; that
at least his presence may be his privilege. Then,
if he fails to show his innocence, the country will
apply the censure; and ns he is appointed to a
foreign mission, let the investigation be had be-
fore he leaves the country, and not, as was done
in General Fremont's case, when he was in com-
mand of his army in the field, far from the com-
mittee and from public conveyanccjand even then
without notice.
But the House must know that this is only one
of several committees connected with this case.
Immediately after General Fremont's proclama-
tion was published, an inquisitorial committee
started from the Federal capital to St. Louis, con-
sisting of Quartermaster General Meigs and Post-
master General Blair. A singular comvpittee to
examine a military department! And concurrent
with their starting from Washington, notices were
inserted in leading journals of the country inform-
ing the public that this committee had gone to the
West to investigate General Fremont's depart-
ment; creating the impression that some great
wrong had been done there, requiring two such
personages, one of them a Cabinet officer, to ex-
amine. And following closely the return of the
inquisition to this city, the public journals were
filled with the published intention of removing
General Fremont for inefficiency. This charge
was new to the people, who read in his energy
and success a refutation of it. It was new to the
world, and it was new to those who invented it;
bu t, like all other " new and useful improvements,"
the inventors were entitled for a limited time to
the benefit of their patent. Let it be borne in mind,
however, that this discovery was not made until
the proclamation of August 30 was published.
Some who were particularly loud in their praise
of his ability prior to that publication, were now
the first to assail him They made haste to cor-
respond with political friends and intimate asso-
ciates here, and were soon in the same conspiracy,
clamoring for the fall of the man whom but a few
days before they delighted to honor.
The inevitable conclusion in every mind is, that
the inquisition and concurrent publications to
which 1 have referred, were but the preparatory
steps to do what they knew to be a grave wrong,
ana which the public mind would not receive until
trained to it by p. succession of approaches, made
upon it from different quarters and influences,
which the sequel to this history of wrongs will
show to have been most assiduously applied.
Culminating in the " temporary" relief of Fre-
mont from command—letinng of the army from
{Springfield followed by robbery and bloodshed
over two thirds of the State—the combination and
conspiracy against him was gaining numbers and
strength. The force against him had assumed
form. Slavery was its center column; political
knavery commanded on the right wing, as the post
of honor in this most unholy crusade, and on the
left were semi-traitors in office and influence, dis-
appointed contractors, and Treasury plunderers.
But the great miscrcantin this stiuggle of wrong
against right is slavery, whose advocates, plying
with their usual activity and ingenuity, like great j
mid practiced criminals in thccommission of fraud, i
securing its profits, yet avoiding that justice due j
to the committers of those accursed crimes so long 1
inflicted upon our country, and which have been
borne with until we have lost that manhood which
God intended all men should have, as a safeguard
against wrong and oppression.
The responsibility on the people of this country
at this time is a fearful one, and fearfully we will !
answer it, unless freemen stand up and demand j
freemen's rights. !
The coming presidential campaign is looked to j
by those men with the keen perception of long- ;
practiced political schemers. A tianspositiou of ;
the locality of President and Vice President, will, !
as a political necessity, take place. As the North
and South are in conflict, the East and West will
be required to change hands upon this question.
Those who cannot expect, from this and other
reasons, to reach the higher, will hope that mere
locality may possibly give them the lower of those
positions. And knowing that the public mind
will be incensed at the accursed cause of slavery
which has produced all our national calamities, it
becomes necessary to shape that public mind so
as to receive another cheat and treason as prelim-
inary to its still further use, by men devoid of that
lofty devotion to country which marks the real
good man, but yet who rejoice in their unjust
successes at the nation's expense and sacrifice;
and to effectually do this, it becomes necessary to
strike down the man who is himself the consist-
ent and acknowledged representative of that great
truth of his proclamation, which finds at this time,
regardless of party, a welcome response in the
hearts of the northern people. And knowing that
they abhor dishonor in their public servants, his
persecutors shrewdlyattempt to fasten that charge
upon Fremont, by the arts of practiced dema-
gogues, and energy of bad men in a bad cause,
with the success which follows for a time the ef-
forts of combinations against the single-handed,
who, attending to his own duty, does not antici-
pate or prepare for the associated treason of dis-
honest men.
I know that the combination is a strong one,
and that General Fremont, because a friend of
freedom, is the sacrifice to be offered by authority
on the altar of his country as a peace-offering to
the slave power. It is but the first step of that march
to degradation which you will all soon recognize;
for the want of nerve and manhood to repel the
aggicssors and to sustain Fremont in his proc-
lamation will come upon us from this same com-
bination, which is one for power and place; and
when this war is ended, with rebel slavery pro-
tected by the Government, those slaveholding
traitors will turn upon you in these Halls, de-
nounce your brave soldiers as a rabble, and re-
joice at the blood they have spilled. Under the
protection of the flag they have desecrated and
torn, they will lash their slaves to daily toil;
protected by the laws they have violated and de-
nounced, they will scorn the widows and orphans
their treachcry has made, and again will they
strike down any Representative who, in these
Flails, dares to point out their crime. You will
talk of the high mission and glory of the nation,
while rebels stand, by your permission—nay,
with your sanction; ah! with still more, yo.ir
protection—with one hand on the throats of their
slaves, who are patriots, and with the other tears
the flag which is the emblem of our national honor;
you see this, you know it; tlie world sees it and
condemns it; all civilized men pity you, and scorn  
the imbecility which permits it. You indorse the
proclamations of generals in favor of protecting
slavery.
At this moment we are asked to indorse and
make a law of the late jubilant repetition of Gen-
eral Halleck's order No. 3. You send your sons
to fight this war, brought on by slaveholder, for
the purpose of permanently establishing slavery
on the ruins of our Government. Slaves aid their
rebel masters in every species of the labor of war,
and procuring supplies for their armies. You
listen to and indorse the proclamations of those
generals who avow that this relation of master
and servant, even of rebels, shall not be molested;
protecting, by this means, the very forces you are
warring, and holding the enemy's weapons at the
heart of our friends. Not only so, but the slaves
themselves are loyal, and would be true to our
flag and people. To indorse slavery is a mark
reckless enough in this age of civilization; but for
freemen to aid in holding those persons in bondage
to the traitors of the^country, men whom we de-
spise and loathe, is a degree of ingratitude which
the negro himself will pity in us, and feel proud
that he is a slave.
It is not enough that the nation has lost over
twenty thousand of her brave sons by death in hos-
pital and battle-field; that Rachel is weeping for her
children, and will not be comforted, because they
are not; that the blood of those four hundred and
eighty brave young men stained tlie ensanguined
field of Manassas; that the disgrace of that strug-
gle has severely rebuked our wonted prestige Tn
