2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
priety and necessity of each item of expenditure
which adds to a debt no other people or cause
could endure.
I do not allude to the debt accrued and to ac-
crue in the suppression of this great rebellion in
a complaining or alarming spirit, but simply to
impress upon all the necessity of confining oar
appropriations to objects inseparably connected
with the salvation of the Government.
Without going back further, let us see* what
drafts we have made at this session upon the re-
sources of the people, to be presented and collected
by the tax gatherer. By a careful computation I
find that appropriations which have passed into
laws amount in'round numbers to $210,000,000.
The appropriation bills which have passed this
House, and are still pending in the Senate, are
134,000,000, making an aggregate of $944,000,000.
As yet no provision has been made for the ex-
penses of the Army and the Navy for the year
commencing on the 1st day of July next. These
expenses are estimated at the Departments at
$406,000,000. At its close this session of Con-
gress will have appropriated more than six hun-
dred and fifty millions of dollars. At our extra
session we enacted that all soldiers who should
be honorably discharged, after serving two years,
or during the war, and widows and heirs of vol-
unteers, who should die of wounds received orof
disability contracted in the service, should be en-
titled to a bounty of §100. No more solemn or
binding contract could be made by the Govern-
ment. It determined thousands to enter the ser-
vice. They were willing to take all the hazards
of the camp and the field, with this assurance,
that the first inroads of want and destitution upon
the loved ones at home should be alleviated by
this pittance. This contract lias already been sat-
isfied on the one part by the life blood of thou-
sands. And although widows and orphans and
aged dependent parents have filed their claims,
averaging now, as I am informed by the Second
Auditor of the Treasury Department, eighty per
day, each is turned away by the chilling answer
that Congress has neglected to provide the money
to pay tliern. And yet, with this most solemn
obligation unfulfilled, it is now demanded thatwe
shall add to the immense corps of tax gatherers
we are creating to send into the inmost recesses
of every hamlet of the land, a long train of offi-
cials, comprising " a Governor, judges of the su-
preme court, secretary, marshal, district attorney,
surveyor general, with their clerks, deputies, and
sergeant-at-arms," whose only employment will
be to sap the Treasury and magnify themselves
in their offices in the presence of the wild Indians
—the Moqui Pueblos, the Gilenas, and Pimos of
Arizona. This may be congressional justice, but
it savors little of that believed in and demanded
by the people.
Official reports show that there have been al-
ready enlisted into the scrviee of the United States
at least six hundred thousand men who will be en-
titled to this bounty. A simple calculation shows
that it would now take $60,000,000 to satisfy these
claims. "What additional amount will be required
at the close of the war no one can foresee.
It is our just boast that the world never pro-
duced such ail Army as ours; not an Army ofim-
pressmcnt or conscription, but every soldier a
sovereign, voluntarily bringing to the altar of his
country the willing sacrifice of home and all its
endearments, and, if need be, of life itself. But
in its train, as in the train of all armies, follow
disease and death. All! sir, in the background
of this magnificent spectacle of arms may be dis-
cerned the long line of the disabled, of those who
have died by disease, and of the slain in battle,
marching not under the " brightest banner that
floats upon the gale " to the sound of soul-stirring
music, and cheered by the thundering plaudits of
their grateful fellow-counti ymen, but presenting
a silent, solemn spectacle of the sad results of war,
and proving the truth of the declaration that
" The paths of glory lead but fo tile grave."
Already thousands of applications for pensions
have been filed, and the gratitude of the Republic
to its citizens, faithful even unto death, is to be
written upon a pension roll which, in length and
amount, will Ji&vg no pr6c6(icnt. Sir? wc do °TCctt
injustice to the loyal people of this country if we
suppose that they will quail under this debt, im-
mense as are and must be its proportions. They
demand tin? preservation of the Government at
whatever expense or hazard. I say this for my
own constituents, living in a region least favored
of all by nature, climate, and genial skies; the
great mass toiling in the field, the forest, and the
mine, and all discharging faithfully every obliga-
tion of the good and loyal citizen. With mode-
rate aggregate wealth, they not only will not com-
plain of, but welcome all necessary, just taxation, *
which they will meet with increased patient in-
dustry and rigid economy. They have already
divided the household, and given up the nearest
and dearest of kindred to uphold the flag, whose
"Folds full oft
Have braved the roaring blast,
And still shall fly, when from the sky
This black typhoon is past
and beside this sacrifice all else is of trifling mo-
ment. And I claim nothing for my constituents
which is not due to the entire loyal people of the
country.
They ask only that their burdens shall not be
increased by untimely and unnecessary expendi-
ture. Believing that this bill ought to be classed
in that category, I move that its consideration be
postponed until the second Monday in December
next, and on that motion 1 demand the previous
question.
Mr. ASHLEY. Will the gentleman withdraw
the call for the previous question ?
Mr. WHEELER. I suppose that under the
rules of the House, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories will be entitled to the floor
after the previous question is seconded. If not, I
will certainly yield to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashlet] is entitled to the floor after the pre-
vious question is seconded.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WATTS. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me.
Mr. WHEELER. I will yield to the gentle-
man fromNew Mexico,and withdrawthe demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WATTS. Before proceeding to the dis-
cussion of the question, I desire, if in order, to
offer an amendment to the second section.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
at this time.
Mr. WATTS. It seems to me that there ought
to be some opportunity afforded to this House to
make some amendments, particularly to the sec-
ond section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only enforce
the rules which the House has made. On a mo-
tion to postpone no amendment is in order.
Mr. WATTS. Then I will omit any reference
to the amendments, and will proceed with some
remarks which I desire to make on the subject of
this bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. If the Delegate from New
Mexico will suspend his remaiks until I have sub-
mitted mine—which will occupy but a few min-
utes—I will then yield the floor to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, as the Chair understands, yielded to the
Delegate from New Mexico, the gentleman from
New York retaining the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. If the gentleman from New
York will yield me the floor, 1 will move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WHEELER. I yielded to the gentleman
from New Mexico with the understanding that
he would renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WATTS. It is, perhaps, due to the mem-
bers of the House that I should notice a remark
made by the member from New York, in the. open-
ing of his speech on this question, which was,
that not a single person had asked for a territorial
organization of Arizona.
Mr. WHEELER. So far as the records of the
House had disclosed.
Mr. WATTS. Now, I desire to say that, at an
early period of this session, I introduced a bill
into tiiis body, which was regularly referred to
the Committee on Territories, providing a terri-
torial government for Arizona. It is also, per-
haps, proper to slate that it is a subject which has
been much agitated,and hasengaged theattention
of preceding Administrations. The President of
the United States has on several occasions, in his
annual messages, called the special attention of
Congress to the importance of organizing a ter-
ritorial government there. For years past the
people have petitioned and prayed and asked and
knocked at the doors of Congress for a terri-
torial organization; but they have got disheart-
ened, and are almost ashamed to come back. But
knowing the feelings of that people, I felt it my
duty, as a Delegate from New Mexico, to intro-
duce this bill, and to claim for it the general con-
sideration of the House. When the matter was
first up, I thought I would avail myself of the
occasion, not to discuss the merits of the bill, but
to make a star-spangled-banner, hail-Columbia
speech; but on more mature reflection I concluded
to appeal to the calm judgment and intelligence of
this House—to speak earnestly, truthfully, and
candidly, with reference to the condition of that
Territory and its wants.
An objection is made to the organization of this
territorial government, on theground that the pop-
ulation there is not sufficient to justify it. Let us
look at that question. The gentleman from New
York, who has preceded me in this discussion, is
mistaken as to the census returns of that Terri-
tory.
Mr. WHEELER. Will the gentleman look
at the census returns himself?
Mr. WATTS. I will certainly be glad to have
them.
Mr. WHEELER. Here they are.
Mr. WATTS. I have before me the returns
on which the gentleman from New York relies,
and-I do not see that they sustain his statement.
They show that in Arizona county, within the
proposed limits of the new Territory, the white
population is six thousand four hundred and
sixty-two, the colored twenty-one, and the Indian
four thousand and forty—making a total popula-
tion of ten thousand five hundred and twenty-
three.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not desire to be put
wrong, and I do not think that the gentleman
would, by any trick, put me in the wrong. I wish
to ask him whether he makes any distinction in
his enumeration between Indians and the white
population ?
Mr. WATTS. The distinction is made in the
returns. The Indians are set down as four thou-
sand and forty.
Mr. WHEELER. Is any portion of this total
6f six thousand four hundred and eighty-three
Indians?
Mr. WATTS. No, sir.
Mr. WHEELER. The Superintendent of the
Census says there is.
Mr. WATTS. Then he ought not to have sent
the returns in this way. He ought to have had
sense enough to separate the Indians from the
whites.
The paper was sent to the Clerk's desk to be
read. It showed that in Arizona county there
were—white, six thousand four hundred and six-
ty-two; colored, twenty-one; Indians, four thou-
sand and forty.
Mr. WHEELER. Is not the total carricd out?
The Clerk read thetotal as—whites and colored,
six thousand four hundred and eighty-three; In-
dians, four thousand and forty.
Mr. WATTS. That is right. And now, as to
the Indian part of the population. The Indians
there are not the wild Indians of the Territory of
Arizona. Tliey are an entirely different class of
people. It would be a very uncertain business to
attempt to enumerate the wild and savage Indians
of the Territory of Arizona. These persons are
called Indians; but they were found existing in the
same locality where they now exist, cultivating
the soil and pursuing the arts of civilized life, as
far back as eighty years before the Pilgrim Fathers
landed on the rock of Plymouth. They are as
good, as honest, and as industrious a portion of
the community of New Mexico as there is in the
gentleman's own district. I would feel myself
bound, if the necessity arose, to claim for them
that by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and by
the laws of Mexico, they are citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and entitled to all the lights and privi-
leges of citizens.
Mr. LEHMAN. I inquire of the Delegate
from New Mexico, whether these four thousand
and forty Indians are included in the total of six
thousand four hundred and eiuhty-three ?
Mr. WATTS. I answer in the negative.
Mr. LEHMAN. I have the statement of the
Superintendent of the Census that they are. I do
