2984-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the articles indicated," in-
digo, 10 cems per pound."
1 will say in support of the amendment that
this article is grown to some extent in the west-
ern States, and could be grown much more ex-
tensively than it now is; and as we get only 8 cents
a bushel for corn, and have to pay our taxes in
gold, worth 10 per cent, more than the currency
of the Committee of Ways and Means, 1 think
we ought to have this protection.
The question was put on the amendment to the
amendment, and fourteen voted in the affirmative.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to..
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania by adding: " Madder,5 cents per pound."
I do not know why iheie should not be a duty
levied on tins article. If this bill is merely for
revenue, then certainly the proposition I have
submitted should not he objected to. I f the object
of the bill is to afford protection to home industry,
then my proposition should cettainly bo adopted,
because the article of madder is raised to some
extent in the country, and couid be raised to a
much larger extent in nil the western and middle
States if this protection is furnished, in view of
these facts, therefore, I can see no reason why this
duty should not be imposed.
The only objection 1 can imagine it possible to
raise is that it might, to a certain extent, operate
prejudicially to the interests of the manufacturers
in the eastern portion of our Confederacy, but i
take it for granted that those members of the
House who arc somewhat in favor of western in-
terests will vote for this amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I merely wish to add to what
I said upon my amendment, that if the duty I pro-
posed on indigo had been adopted, it would have
produced revenue to the extent of #250,000.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a rjuestion of or-
der. The gentleman is not discussing the amend-
ment.
The CH AIRMAN. The question is upon mad-
der,
Mr, LOVEJOY. All I have to say is that this
duty of 10 cents a pound upon indigo would pro-
duce a revenue of $250,000.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 rise to a pornt of order.
The gi-ntli'man is not discussing the question be-
fore the Mouse.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, I have said all I
intended to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am surprised at the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois. In-
deed, I can account for it upon no other theory
than that he has been imposed on by some madder
speculator, who desires to have the duty imposed
in ouler to realize the profit on the stock he has
on hand.
Mr. Chairman, I hope this amendment will not
be adopted. This article is a raw material which
enters into the manufactures of the country. I
think it was a mistake in taxing any of the iasv
materials in this bill, and especially such as do
not come into competition with the products of
this country. i am not aware that a single pound
of madder is raised in this country for sale. If
there is, it *s not to any considerable amount,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. ( will state to the
gentleman that madder is grown to a very consid-
erable extent m this country, though not to the
extent it might be if the production were prop-
erly encouraged.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am not aware that there
is any madder which enters as an element into the
manufactures of the country which is grown in this
country. I am very happy, however, to hear that
some of the western people are embarking in tins
enterprise. When we have the evidence that they
have embarked in it to any considerable extent,
if the gentleman will come here and propose a
protective duty upon it, if am here I will sustain
the proposition.
But, sir, at tin's time, the manufactures of the
country are heavily taxed, and as any tax upon
the raw material is just to that extent an addi-
tional tax upon the manufacturer, I hope that mad-
der, which enters us an element into the manu-
facture of calico and other cotton prints, will not
be taxed so long as it is not raised to any extent
in this country. I am in favor of protecting
American industry. I am in favor of the protect-
ive feature of this bill. I am in favor of keeping
up the currency of the country; and I am in favor
of the protective feature of the bill, because it
keeps the gold and silver in the country, and I
would be in favor of protecting the production of
madder, if there were any general manifestation
of disposition to go into its culture; but under
the existing circumstances, I see no reason why
the amendment should be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it is
hardly necessary to discuss this measure.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr.MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. Now, sir, by the terms of the Clay and
Calhoun tariff of 1825—^—
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman to order.
He is not speaking to his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam speaking
to my amendment, which was to strike out the
last word of the amendment pending, the effect of
which would be to spoil it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, the Chair will de-
cide that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman muateonfine himself to the last
word, which lie moves to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
overruled that question of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will only say
that, by the Clay-Calhoun tariff, dye-stuffs were
admitted duty free, and it was not until the Walker
tariff of 1846 that any duty was levied upon them.
A duty was then levied of 5 per cent. The tariff
of 1857 reduced the duty, and the tariff of 1861 ad-
mitted them duty free. The bill which is before
the House places a duty upon every article that
is manufactured. When madder is in the extract,
or when madder is assorted under the name of
garacine, a duty is levied on it. A duty is also
proposed on the cxtract of indigo. 1 believe this
Congress has already imposed sufficient burdens
on the manufacturers, and I do not, for one, pro-
pose to impose anything more. 1 now withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to insert, on page 31,
between lines twenty-one and twenty-two, the
words, c< on indigo, 10 per cent, ad valorem." I
want to say, if I understood the remarks of the
gentleman from Vermont, that this bill is con-
structed on the basis of revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised that
the amendment moved by the gentleman is the
same that was voted down by the committee only
a short while ago, and it is therefore not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It was offered before as an
amendment to an amendment. It is now offered
simply as an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That does not make any
difference. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will alter the amendment
so that it will be in order. I move that the duty
on indigo shall be 9 per cent. Now, so far as I
have been able to judge in reference to the princi-
ples upon which this bill has been constructed, it
is intended for protection and notforrevenue. The
whole arrangement of the bill is in the hands of
those who are in favor of a protective policy. The
gentleman fiom Rhode Island [Mr. Sheffield]
says that if any of these articles could be produced
in this country to any extent, he would go for pro-
tecting them. Now, sir, the very plea for a pro-
tective policy, by imposing heavy duties upon
foreign importations, is, that manufactures might
spring up under that protection, which they cer-
tainly cannot do without it. Let gentlemen apply
the same reasoning to those agricultural products.
If you protect them they will spring up and in-
crease in the land; butif you do not protect them
they will not spring up. There is no reason why
$250,000 should not be raised on this article of
indigo.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, on page
31, lines twenty and twenty-one, to strike out the
words, "on unwrought clay, kaoliue, and fuller's
earth, §3 per ton;" and in lieu thcieof to insert,
" on pipe clay, fire clay, and kaoline, $5 per ton,
and on fuller's earth, $,3 per ton."
Mr. LOVEJOY. ft would be very beneficial
to the country, 1 think, if a very heavy tax could
be imposed upon pipe-laying. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STRATTON. On page 32, line thirty-
two,after the word " glass," I move to insert the
words, " not including crown, cylinder, broad, or
common window glass;" so that it will read:
On iluted, rolled, or rough $ate gla^s, not including
crown, cylinder, bioad, or common window ssla^s, not ex-
ceeding ten by fifteen inches, 7<"> cents per one hundred
square feet; above that, and not exceeding sixteen by twen-
ty-four inches, 1 cent per squme font; above that, and not
exceeding twenty-four by thuty iwlx-v, l>. cunt per square
foot; all above that, and not exceeding ii) weight one pound
per s-quaie foot, H cents per square foot: Provided, That all
tinted, rolled, or rough plate gfa*>, weighing over one bun-
dled pounds per one hundred square few, shall pay an ad-
ditional duty on the excess at the same rates herein imposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move, on page 31, line thirteen,
to strike out "forty," and in lieu thereof to insert
" fifty," so that it will read:
On China and porcelain ware,gilded, ornamented, or dec-
orated in any manner, oO per cent, ad valorem,
Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as the tendency of this
bill is more for protection than revenue, and it
seems to be so understood all over the House, I
have moved this increase of duty from 40 to 50 per
cent, on China and porcelain ware. There is an
effort now being made in this country to manu-
facture porcelain of the finest quality, and if other
manufacturing interests are to bo protected, I do
not see why this interest should be excluded. I
have no doubt that those who indulge in this arti-
cle of luxury will not object, undurall the circum-
stances, to the imposition of this increased tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say, on
this subject of crockery, that the committee were
induced to putaheavy duty on it because we were
told that there was a very large amount on hand;
and that it was absolutely necessary that the duty
should be increased.
Mr. DELANO. I move, on page 37, line ninety-
seven, after these words, "manufactures of cot-
ton, linen, silk, wool, or worsted, if embroidered
or tamboured, in the loom or otherwise, by ma-
chinery or with the needle or other process, not
otherwise provided for," to insert these words:
"silk twist and sewing silk," so that a duty of 5
per cent, ad valorem will be imposed upon those
articles, as well as upon the articles indicated in
the paragraph referred to.
Mr. Chairman, if I can get the attention of the
House, I think the reasonableness of this'propo-
sition will be at once seen. Under the tariff of
1861, silk thread and twist were placed on the
same footing with linen thread, cotton thread, and
woolen yarns. They all stand on the footing of
30 percent, ad valorem. It must be obvious to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and to every-
body else, that much more capital is required to
engage in the manufacture of silk thread and twist
than is required to engage m the manufacture of
any other articles embraced with them in the act
of 1861. Now, when the internal revenue bill was
before us, it was proposed to continue these vari-
ous articles in the same category, and they were
accordingly assessed at 3 per cent, ad valorem.
If there is anything the Committee of Ways and
Means have endeavored to inculcate in the House,
it was that where internal tax was imposed to raise
internal revenue, they would make it up or com
pensate for it by a corresponding duty on foreign
importations. They have done it on every article
except silk thread and twist. My constituents are
deeply interested m the manufacture of silk thread
and twist. I believe there is only one other con-
stituency in the United States which is engaged
in this manufacture and which helps to supply the
demands of the American market. They have
gone on for twenty-five years until now, they
have been able to compete most successfully with
the foreign manufacturer and importer. They
have for a few years past produced a better article
than any which can'be imported. They ask to
be dealt with as other manufacturers have been
dealt with under this bill. They ask that silk
thread and twist shall be placed on the list of those
articles upon which ate imposed a duty of five per
