42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Congress shall have no power—
1. To prohibit the migration or importation, &e.
2. To suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, unless when in cases, &c.
3. To pass a hill of attainder.
4. To lay a capitation or other direct tax unless
in proportion, &c.
5. To lay a tax or duty on articles exported,
&c.
6. To give any preference by any regulation of
commerce, &c.
7. To permit money to be drawn from the pub-
lic Treasury, except in consequence of appropria-
tions.
8. To grant titles of nobility, &c.
And yet it is proposed now to wrest this second
clause from the context, and to contend that the
limitation applies, not to Congress, but to the
President, whose name and office and duties are
in but one other place in the article even alluded to.
The argument to sustain this proposition is
obviously fallacious. It assumes the very point
to be demonstrated. The argument is this: the
prohibition to a department of the Government to
exercise a particular power in all cases exccpt two,
is equivalent to a grunttof the power to that de-
partment in those two cases; if we ascertain the
excepted cases, we know when the power maybe
exercised; if we ascertain the department to which
the prohibition applies, we know who may exer-
cise the power. The Constitution prohibits the
suspension of the privilege of habeas corpus except
in the two cases of rebellion and invasion. In
those two cases the power of the suspension may
be exercised—by whom? Obviously by the de-
partment to which the prohibition applies. If we
ascertain that, we know where the power of sus-
pension resides. The context shows that the
prohibition applies to the Congress; and therefore
the power resides in that body. The President
says no; it would be very inconvenient that it
should reside m Congress; it would be far more
convenient that it should reside in the President,
who may exercise it at any moment, and over
any district of country. It is fair to presume
that the framers of the Constitution intended to
lodge the power where it could be most conveni-
ently and beneficially exercised—that is, with the
President; therefore, as the grant and prohibition
apply to the same department, and as we assume
the grant was intended to be to the President,
the prohibition must apply to him.
But 1 deny the assumption that the power ought
to be lodged with the President. I say it would
be unwise, dangerous, and in discord with out-
whole system. That the power has been given to
the President, in spite of the many cogent reasons
to the contrary, is the very point to be maintained;
and this point the above argument assumes.
The prohibition of the Constitution applies
either exclusively to Congress, or exclusively to
the Executive, orgenerally to all the departments
of the Government.
If it applies exclusively to Congress, then the
Fower to suspend resides exclusively in that body.
f it applies exclusively to the Executive, then
the power to suspend resides exclusively in him,
and Congress cannot, in any case, pass any law
on the subject. If it applies generally to all the
departments, then, by a parity of reasoning, all
the departments have the power to suspend that
privilege. The judge may refuse the writ on his
own motion, before as well as after the order of
the President, or the passage of a law by Con-
gress; indeed, after the President has refused to
order the suspension, or Congress has refused to
pass a law authorizing it; and thus the liberty of
the citizen is subject to the diiferent, it maybe
discordant, rules adopted by each department of
the Government, on its idea of what the public
safety may require m cases of rebellion or inva-
sion. The context of the Constitution affords a
simple, uniform, beneficent rule; departure from
it involves us in confusion, contradiction, and
uncertainty.
2. But if the context of the Constitution left any
doubt on this subject, the history of the writ of
habeas corpust and' its acknowledged condition at
the time of theadoption of the Constitution, throw
a flood of light on it.
From the earliest period of the common law,
the personal liberty of the subject was declared
secure from arbitrary and illegal infraction. The I
barons, in their contest with King John, while
they asserted the rights of their order, failed not
to enlist the sympathies of the commons, by a
formal declaration of their ancient and acknowl-
edged privileges:
"No freeman shall he taken, imprisoned, or dispossessed
of his free tenement and liberties, or outlawed or banished,
or anywise hurl or injured, unless by the legal judgment of
his peers, or by the law of the land ; and ail who suffered
otherwise in this, or the two former reigns, shall be restored
to ttieir rights and possessions."—Magna Charta, 3 Hume's
History of England, p. 353.
This was the law. It was made effective by
the writ of habeas corpus, whose office was to
bring before the civil magistrate the person of
every prisoner, that the cause, the circumstances,
and the authority of his imprisonment might be
inquired into,^nd thathemightberemanded, dis-
charged, or admitted to bail, as " the law of the
land" required. For nearly three centurics the
history of England is but the story of weak or
wicked kings, of civil wars and internal discord,
in the thread of which we find the theory of this
great charter of the people's rights forever main-
tained, and its practical application continually
denied. The comparative repose of the nation
during the next century left men free to observe
these violations of their rights. They saw with
indignation the tyranny of Elizabeth; they chafed
under the yoke of her arbitrary successor; and in
the third year of the first Charles they compelled
him, as the price of his throne, to assent to the
Petition of Right—
" Whereby he bound himself never again to imprison
any person except in due course of Saw, and never again to
subject his people to the jurisdiction of courts-martial."—
Macaulatfs History of England, vol. I, p. 79.
Cl Forced loans, bencvolcnccs, taxes without conscnt of
Parliament, arbitrary imprisonments, the billeting of sol-
diers. martial law; these were the grievances complained
of, and against these an eternal remedy was to be piovidt'd.
The Commons pretended not, as ih^v ntliimed, to any un-
usual powers oi privileges; they aimed only at securing
those which had been transmitted to them from their an-
cestors; and their law they resolved to call a Petition of
Right, as implying that it contained a corroboration or ex-
planation of the ancient constitution, not any infiingement
of royal prerogative, or acquisition of new liberties."—3
Hume^s History of England, cap. 51.
Charles would not maintain his faith; would
not observe this " explanation of the ancientcon-
stitution," and after ten years of struggle and of
war, lost both his crown and his life as the pen-
alty of its infraction. His son, taught something
by twelve years of exile, attacked by more secret
and subtle processes this ancient ccftistitutional
right, till every scheme and device by which he
sought to compass the right of arbitrary impris-
onment were swept away by the great habeas cor-
pus act of 31 Charles II.
" James II sought to obtain a repeal of the habeas corpus
act, which he hated, as it was natural a tyrant should hate
the most stringent curb that ever legislation imposed on
tyranny."—2 Macaulay's History of England, p. 3.
And failing this, he claimed thepower to dispense
with the operation of all the laws. James lost his
throne; and one of the articles in the Declaration
of Right, whereby the succession was assured to
William and Mary, solemnly affirmed that—
11 The dispensingpowerlately assumed and exercised had
no legal existence."—2 Macaulay's History of England.
p. 606.
From that day to this, from that "Declaration,"
just one hundied years before the formation of
our own Constitution, in all her foreign wars,
in all her intestine troubles, under the pressure
of whatsoever exigency, no English monarch—
weak, way ward, and wicked as some of them have
been—has ventured to suspend the habeas corpus
act, or to assert the power to hold in prison a citi-
zen at his own discretion, and by military power.
In his History of the English Constitution, Hal-
lam says:
44 It cannot be too frequently repeated, that no power of
arbitrary detention hn-i ever been known toour constitution
since die chatter obtained at Kunmmede. The wut of
habeas corpus has always beenamatterof light."—Chap 5.
<c From the earliest records of the English law, no ftee-
man could he detained in prison, exccpt upon a criminal
chaige, or conviction, or for a civil debt, fn the former
case, it was always m his powei to demand of the court of
King's bench a writ of habeas corpus ad subjiciendum, di-
rected to the person detaining him in custodv, by which
he was enjoined to bring up the body of the prisoner with
the w.iirant of commitment, that the court might judge ol
its sufficiency, and remand the party or admit bun to bail, or
discharge him, according to the natuie of the charge " 
Chap. S. *
The revolution of 1688, in England, effected
rather a change of rulers than of constitution—
rather enforced obedience to the well-established
law of the realm, than adopted a new and more lib-
eral law. Macaulay, in his observations upon the
character of that event, says:
"Without the consent of the representatives of the na-
tion, no statute could be enacted, no tax imposed, no reg-
ular soldiery kept up; that no man could be imprisoned
even for a day by the arbitraiy will of the sovereign ; that
no tool of power could plead the royal command as a justi-
fication for violating any legal right of the humblest sub-
ject, were held by both whigs and tories to be the funda-
mental laws of the realm. A realm of which these were
the fundamental laws, stood in no need of a new constitu-
tion."—History of England, vol. II, p. 611.
De Lolme, speaking of the suspension of the
habeas corpus act during the next succeeding years,
when the Pretender was asserting his rights to the
throne,says:
" But the executive power did not thus, of itself, stretch
its own authority; the precaution was deliberated upon,
and taken by the representatives of the people, and the de-
taining of individuals, in consequence of the' suspension of
the act, was limited to a certain fixed time."—Eisay on the
Constitution of England, Book II, ch. 18, part second, (note.)
In 1763, Chief Justice Pratt, in overruling a
motion for a new trial, made by the defendant in
an action of trespass for arresting the plaintiff, on
a warrant from Lord Halifax, the Secretary of
State, said:
"If the jury had been confined, by their oath, to consider
the meie personal injury only, perhaps twenty pounds dam-
ages would have been thought damages sufficient; but the
small injury done to the plaintiff [a journeyman printer]
and the inconsiderableness of his station and lank m lite,
did not appear to the jury in that striking light in which the
great point of law touching the liberty of the subject ap-
| pcarcd to them at the trial. They saw a magistrate overall
1 the king's subjects exeicising arbitrary power, violating
magna charta, and attempting to destroy the liberty of the
kingdom by insisting upon the legality of this geneial war-
rant before them; they heard the king's counsel, and saw
the solicitor of the treasury endeavoung to support and
maintain the legality of the wan ant in a tyrannical and se-
vere manner: these are the ideas which struck the juiy on
the trial; and I think they have done right in giving exem-
plary damages. To entei a man's house by virtue of a
nameless warrant, in order to procure evidence, is worse
than the Spanish inquisition—a law under which no Eng-
lishman would wiMi to live an hour. It wasa most daiing
public attack made upon the liberty of the. subject."—Hnekle
vs. Mony, 2 Wilson, 205.
Sir William Blackstone, in his Commentaries
on the Laws of England, written in the year 1765,
twenty-two years before the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, says:
" But the happiness of our constitution is that it is not
left to the executive power to determine when the dan-
ger of the state is so great as to render this measure expe-
dient. It is the Parliament only, or legislative power, that
whenever it sees proper can authorize the Ciown, b> sus-
pending the habeas corpus for a short and limited time, to
imprison suspected persons without giving any reason ior
so doing."
To this point had the law of England been
brought by the struggles of nearly five centurics.
Magna charta had affirmed the principle which lay
deep in the hearts of Englishmen, and to it they
had adhered with unwavering fidelity. Every act
of revolution, every outburst of popular passion,
every restriction put upon prerogative, arose from
their efforts to compel its observance by the sov-
ereign. They succccded in 1688; and the swell- *
ing tones from the dome of St. Paul's, which
announced the election of William and Mary,
< announced also that arbitrary imprisonment had
! forever ceased in the land. The unbroken prnc-
1 tice of a century was thenceforth ingrafted on the
! principle so deeply grounded in the English sys-
; tem; so that in 1787—the year of the formation
| of our Constitution—no proposition was more
j incontrovertible than that " Parliament only can
|| authorize the Crown to suspend the habeas cor-
!| pus."
|i The American Revolution was a protest against
ij prerogative; it was not an assault upon the con-
|: stitution; it did not arise from dissatisfaction with
|j its principles: it was resistance to its violations—
!j sometimes by Parliament, much more often by
!| the king. ThatRevolution had been successful,
■ I and its leaders, civil and military, were come to-
I gethcr to forma new Government. Can it be be-
, liovcd that they, protestants against kingly pre-
I rogative—revolutionists because of outrages on
' personal rights by their sovereign—just emerged
; from a seven years' wai in defense of those rights
! and of indignant defiance of the royal tyranny—-
would clothe the executive of their new Govern-
_ ment with a power over the citizen which oven
1 their formermaster had neverdared to pretend that
, he possessed? Can it be believed that they, proud
