1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'202$
not understand the paper. There seems to be
some ambiguity about it.
Mr. WA/TTS. But that does not matter. I
contend that if there was but one solitary white
man there, he is entitled to civil law and protection.
Now, sir, let me allude to the remark of the dis-
tinguished member from Kentucky, [Mr. Wick-
jliffe.] There may be a well-grounded dispute in
the minds of some people as to who are white and
who are black. [Laughter.] There are many men
in the Territory of New Mexico, who, by living
constantly in the open air, and exposed to the rays
of a burning sun, have Jx^come bronzed in com-
plexion, and yet who~are neither of African nor
of Indian blood. Whatever may be their color,
the treaty stipulations between the United States
and the republic of Mexico have invested them all
with all the privileges and immunities of Ameri-
can citizens. Hence they are denominated whites,
although some of them may be of a darker com-
plexion than the members upon this floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New Mexico whether this bill in-
cludes within its proposed limits the whole of
Arizona county ?
Mr. WATTS. Itincludes within its limits not
only the whole of Arizona county, but it also in-
cludes the western end of all the other counties of
New Mexieo. The gentleman will see all of these
things by looking at the map.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
New Mexico permit me to inquire whether the
people of the county of Arizona are not now in-
cluded under the government of the Territory of
New Mexico ? 1 think that they are, and yet the
gentleman spoke of the injustice of depriving the
people of the county of Arizona of the benefits of
government. As I have said, the people of that
county are included within the Territory of New
Mexico, and therefore it cannot be truly stated
that they are deprived of the benefits of govern-
ment.
Mr. WATTS. The people of the county of
Arizona are included within the present Territory
of New Mexico; but, sir, they are distant some
seVen hundred miles from the other inhabited
portions of that Territory. They have not had
' a judge or a court, or anybody to furnish them
with jdstice. There has not been a judge or a
court therefor the last ten years.
Mr. MALLORY. Does not the Territory of
New Mexico furnish them with justice?
Mr. WATTS. In the southern part of New
Mexico therehas notbeen acourtfor three years.
Mr. MALLORY. Perhaps it did not need it.
Mr. WATTS As to the limits and bounda-
ries of this Territory, it is a matter in which the
people of New Mexieo are most deeply interested;
and if anybody has a right to complain of the
organization of a new Territory within the pres-
ent limits of the Territory of New Mexico, it is
the Delegate who represents the interests of the
people of that Territory. And, sir, if I could
have an assurance from this House that Congress
never would divide the Territory of New Mexico,
but would forever let it remain within its present
boundaries, I would object, perhaps, to the erec-
tion of this new Territory of Arizona. But I know
and feel that it will not be left undivided. It is a
Territory large enough to make four States of the
size of New York or Pennsylvania, and I know
and feel that it will not be allowed to remain un-
divided. I know that it will be considered too
large for one Territory A division of the Terri-
tory must and will come sooner or later; and if it
is to come, had it better not come now before the
people there become attached to each other, and
before in their intercourse they become so inter-
twined as one people that to disrupt the Territory
will cause the most unpleasant and painful sensa-
tions. I know how the people of the Territory
of New Mexico felt; I know how I felt when a
preceding Congress, merely for the purpose of
beautifying the lines of the new Territory of Col-
orado, took sixty miles broad and two hundred
and fifty miles in length, and five thousand of
population from the Territory of New Mexico.
Yes, sir, Congress took those people and put them
with a people alien in laws, alien in language,
alien in association, and simply for the purpose
of beautifying the lines of the new Teintoiy of
Colorado.
Mr. BENNET. Mr. Speaker, I understood
the gentleman from New Mexico to say that he
desired the organization of this new Territory of
Arizona, as provided for in this bill, because the
Territory of New Mexico was still too large. If
that be so, I do not see why he should complain
that Congress should take a portion of it for the
Territory of Colorado when it was still larger.
We have certainly taken better care of that people
than the Territory of New Mexico ever did, be-
cause we are giving them post offices and post
roads. We have given them many benefits and
privileges which they did not have under theTer-
ritory of New Mexico.
Mr. WATTS. I am much obliged to you.
[Laughter.] I hope that you will take Arizona
under your protection.
But, sir, my line of argument was this: if there
is to be a division of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, it had better come now, before it would inter-
rupt the business and associations of the people
there. I am for leaving the people of the Territory
of Arizona to start upon their own basis, to live
under their own government, and to be protected
by their own laws.
A word or two, sir, about the question of bound-
aries. If you will look at the map, you will find
that the boundaries provided for in this bill are
simply these: at the southwestern corner of the
boundary of the Territory of Colorado, where it
touches the northern boundary of New Mexico,
you run a line due south until it divides the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico into two etjual parts or
thereabouts, the eastern portion being the Terri-
tory ofNew Mexico and the western portion be-
ing the proposed Territory of Arizona.
Now, what is the duty of a Government to its
people? If I understand anything about it, the first
duty which the Government owes to its people
is to give them both military and civil protection.
In this case the Government is under a double
obligation to furnish protection. By the chance
of unsuccessful war with the republic of Mexico,
she was, underthe treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
compelled to relinquish her right to a portion of
her territory and her right to protect a portion of
her people, endeared to her by ten thousand pleas-
ant memories and hopes, and doubly endeared
by ten thousand painful forebodings for the fu-
ture. She struggled with hcroic fortitude to throw
around them all the protection held sacred and
honorable among nations. It was with that pur-
pose that, in the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, a
clause was inserted that that people should have
all the rights and privileges and immunities of
American citizens. We pledged the honor and
faith of the nation to that effect. Yet, sir, the
people ot' that Territory have been driven from
their homes by the savage Indian, because of the
wantof protection on the part of this Government,
They have not had the protection that it was stipu-
lated they should have,andifthe policy suggested
be adopted, the population of that Territory will
become "fine by degrees and beautifully less."
The tender mercies of the Indians and the more
ferocious conduct of the rebels will not leave one
of them there. Shame upon such a policy, and
shame upon such a violation of our plighted faith.
Mr. MAYNARD. I asked the Delegate from
the Territoiy ofNew Mexico a few moments ago,
whether the proposed Territory of Arizona in-
cluded all of the county of Arizona, and I under-
stood him to say that it did include that and more
too. This bill proposes the following boundaries:
Beginning at the point of intersection of the forty-second
degiee of north latitude with the thirty-eighth decree of
longitude we-it fioni Washington ; thence running south on
the said thirty-eigntli degree of west longitude until it in-
tersects the northern boundary line of New Mexico.
That would divide the Territory of New Mex-
ico into nearly two equal parts, and would have
the effect of leaving a part of the county of Ari-
zona out of the proposed Territory.
Mr WATTS. By a law of the Legislative As-
sembly, the county of Dona Ana (vas divided, and
the western half was constituted into the county
of Arizona, and it was of that western half I have
been speaking.
Then, by the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo we
are under solemn obligation to extend protection
to that people, and we are also under the further
obligation of good faith not to permit those sav-
ages, those wild Indians, ten thousand in number,
to make forays into the neighboring States of
Sonora and Mexico, involving us in difficulties
and heart-burnings and questions of comity with
the latter republic. In the condition in which
things now are, there is a border of seven' hiin>-
dred miles bounding the States of Chihuahua and
Sonora, where we Eave'not a single fort, a single
soldier, or a single -man with which to enforce
our treaty stipulations and comply with these
solemn obligations. Our troops have been with-
drawn, and this vast-frontier is opened to these
ten thousand savages to plunder the citizens ot
Arizona and Sonora. Is there any fair ajid can-
did man, any just man, who can for a moment
pretend that it is not a serious and'solemn duty
to extend protection to that country ?
Now, as to the question of population, I find
that Dakota Territory was organized, during the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, with a population of four
thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine; thatNe-
vada Territory was organized with a population
of six thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven;
and that Washington Territory was organized
with a population of eleven thousand five hundred
and seventy-eight. So that, so far as the question
of population is concerned, I do not consider that
there is any obstacle whatever in the way. •
But there is another thing: whenever anything
is to be done giving protection to life and property
of these exposed pioneers who risk their life and
property upon the frontier, tljere arises the ever-
lasting and e.ver-recurring question of expense. It
will cost something to protect these people, and
therefore they must be left to be plundered and
desolated. It is all right for millions upon mil-
lions to be expended in the creation of gunboats
and fortifications upon the sea-coasts, to protect
the commerce and rights of property in those parts
of the Union, as it floats upon the occan; but when
a poor distant Territory, exposed to every out-
rage, and liahle to be plundered at every corner,
asks for a little money to be spent for its protec-
tion and government, it cannot be done because it
costs something to do it.
Mr. WHEELER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentlemen as to how far the civil officers of
the territorial government can protect the inhab-
itants there. I ask him whether the protection
must not come from the military force of the Gov-
ernment alone, and whether, instead of putting this
money into the pockets of these dignitaries, it
would not be better to give it to the military arm
of the Government?
Mr. WATTS. I want both the civil and the
military branch. I do not desire, under the law
and the Constitution, that the rights and privi-
leges of any people should be left to the temporary
whims and tender mercies of a military com-
mander who is two thousand miles away from the
source of power and responsibility. My expe-
rience has satisfied me of the injudiciousness of
any such policy; and it has satisfied me that
wherever the people with their rights and prop-
erty go, there civil administration should go to
protect them, and throw around them the shield
of law and civil institutions.
We shall have to incur the expense at some
time or other; and inasmuch as that expense must
be incurred, and in the end the expense will be
no more to extend a territorial government over
that country now than at a future time, I desire
to have it done now. And prudence and good
judgment admonish us that now is the time to
enter upon the protection of that people, because
we have a surplus of military force already in the
service of the United States that can go along
there with the civil government to aid in estab-
lishing order and giving protection to the people
in their rights.
Mr. GURLEY. As the gentleman hasreferred
to the matter of expense, I wish to say here that
the people of the States have already spent more
than one million of dollars in opening the silver,
copper, and other mines of that Territory. Sev-
eral of my constituents have been engaged in that
work, and one gentleman of Cincinnati has spent
$50,000 in opening silver mines. The question
arises, whether the Government is not m good
faith bound to protect those people who have gone
out there to open those mines. I say that the
matter of expense in establishing a government
is a more nothing, the smallest trifle, compared
with the advantage of opening up those mines
and settling the Territory, as several companies
from several States have attempted to do. They
should be protected by the Government, and the
matter of twenty, thirty, or forty thousand dol-
