2986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
shall be construed to require any other consular certitlcnte
than what, is now required by law for goods imported under
the Canadian reciprocity treaty.
The House passed the other day a bill doing
away with the requirement of a consular certifi-
cate for goods imported unde.r the Canadian reci-
procity treaty, and it seems to me that this ex-
ception is necessary for the purpose of meeting
^Mr. STEVENS. Has that bill become a law?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Not yet; but it probably
will before the session closes.
Mr. HOOPER. I see no objection to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike out the entire
section, as amended. It enacts that certificates
of the value of all imported merchandise must be
verified by the oath of the owner, administered
by the consul or commercial agent of the United
States, in the district where such merchandise is
made,or from whence it is sent, or by some public
officer duly authorized, and transmitted with a
copy of the invoice to such consul or commercial
agent, for Ins authentication, as may bo nearest to
such point or district.
What is a purchaser and owner who lives in
New York to do it' ho buys goods in Paris or Ha-
vana? According to the scction, he must make
the required oath, apparently in Franco or Cuba;
and if no consul or commercial agent resides in
or near the place where the purchase is made, a
yet more circuitous course must be taken.
If this section is to be literally understood and
carried into effect, no American citizen residing
in his own country can puicliase merchandise
abroad, ami the business must bo thrown into the
hands of foreigners or Americans residing abroad.
The section is also liable to the objection that it
requires oaths to be made 111 countries over which
we have no jurisdiction, and no means of our own,
except through the local laws therein prevailing,
of punishing those who make false oaths. At
many ports, also, there is no consul or commer-
cial agent of the United States. By this section
all our trade with these places in dutiable articles
would be subject to such restrictions as would in
many cases seriously injure or annihilate it.
On other grounds, it seems to me that this sec-
tion is very objectionable. As I understand it,
goods arriving 111 this country are entered.upon the
oath of the owners, and where they are consigned
a consular certificate is required. Now, it seems
to me that this additional provision conveys a sort
of imputation upon merchants who are importing
goods into the city of JNew York. It adds an ad-
ditional anil very unnecessary expense,and I can-
not Bee what possible good can resuKfiom suclut
system. We should make this act as little bur-
densome as possible, and it seems to me that the
main object of this provision is merely to give to
some consuls and commercial agents this fee of
$1. I am utterly opposed to any further restric-
tions being imposed upon merchants in the entry
of goods. There are undoubtedly frauds perpe-
trated, but 1 see no reason why merchants of high
character should be reflected on by the legislation
of this Congress merely because some frauds arc
committed. I therefore hope the section will be
stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This section is
an amendment to the present law, which only re-
quires an invoice to be certified by a foreign owner
when the goods are subject to ad valorem duties.
Since the law in relation to these verifications
was passed, we have changed the tariff so as to
provide for specific duties on a great many arti-
cles. Now, unless we have a provision some-
what similar to this, goods which are subject to
specific duties can be imported by a foreign owner
without this verification. It is well known also
that in some districts in foreign countries almost
all the goods sent hither are made expressly for
the American market, and are invoiced at the cost
of the raw materials and labor only—in fact, come
under fraudulent invoices, or by a systematiceva-
sion, which furnishes no market value by which
you can ascertain the true market value of the
merchandise in the principal ports of the coun-
try from whence exported upon which the duties
should be levied. Our own merchants are not
treated fairly by such a system. The Committee
of Ways and Means thought it was no hardship
and no imputation upon any class of merchants to
require that every invoice shall be properly certi-
fied, whether of a foreigner or of an American.
In relation to the fees, I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from New York that most of our princi-
pal consuls and commercial agents receive salaries
fixed by law—fees are accounted for—and where it
is otherwise, this provision will increase their fees
only to a small extent, and not beyond what is
reasonable, perhaps, for the service, and the Gov-
ernwent will receive at least three fourths of all
the fees that will be collected on these consular
certificates, as they are required to render an ac-
count of every dollar.
Mr. ODELL. I moveproformalo strikeout the
last word of the section, for the purpose of asking
the gentleman from Vermont if I understood him
to say that the oath required by the present law
regulating the importation of foreign goods is
confined to those paying ai valorem duties ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I so understand
the law so far as foreign shippers are concerned.
Mr. ODELL. That is a mistake. If I under-
stand the law correctly, the present law provides
for all that is provided for in this section. In all
cases where goods are owned in this country the
oath may be administered here. The oath of the
owner is requisite for the entry of the goods; the
consul has nothing to do with it. But in all cases
where the goods are owned abroad, the consular
certificate is required for which the consul is en-
titled to a fee of $2.
Now, I agree entirely with my colleague that the
effect of this law will be merely to put fees into the
pockets of these consuls and commercial agents.
1 do not say that that is the intention or object of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but the effect
of it will be to add largely to their fees and add
nothing to the revenue, while it will embarrass
very much the operations of our merchants in
purchasing their goods abroad. I hope the whole
section will be stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have conferred
with the largest importing merchantinNew York,
and he thinks it a most excellent provision.
Mr. ODELL withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. Winn's amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. The next section of the bill
will require some time to read, and there may be
diversity of opinion about it. It is now near five
o'clock; and as members have voted to adjourn
over to-morrow, they must have time enough. I
move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the special order, be-
ing House billNo. 531, increasing temporarily the
duties on imports, and for other purposes, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
REORGANIZATION OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on Senate bill No. 171, to reorganize the Navy
Department of the United States, reported that the
committee had mot, and after full and free confer-
ence had agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses us follows:
That the House recede from its third and fourth amend-
ment to the bill, and that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment to the fourleentli amendment of the House, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: Strike out the
words " captains on other duty,'1 and insert in lieu thereof
the words " §3,000 per annumand that the House agree
to the said amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the previous
question on agieeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the report was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TEMPERANCE LECTURER.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, asked unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of this House be, and hereby is,
granted to Rev. J. B. M«u vin. in which to deliver a lecture
upon the subject of temperance, on Sunday next, at four
o'clock, p. ill. ,
Mr. JOHNSON objected.
RECUSANT WITNESS.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution:
Whereas Michael C. Murphy, of the city of New York,
was on the 23d instant duly served in person by order ot
this House, and by its Sergeant-at-Arms, with sttbpena
to appear and testify before the Judiciary Committee, in
the matter of inquiry referred to it in reference to Hon.
Benjamin Wood ; and whereas the said Michael C. Mur-
phy has refused to obey the order of the House in the prem-
ises, and is in contempt of the House: Therefore,
Resolved. That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he is here-
by directed to arrest the said Michael C. Murphy, and bring
him forthwith before this House, to answer for his contempt
in the premises, and to subject himself to its order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I inquire whether the facts
recited in the resolution are correctly stated?
Mr. BINGHAM. Theoriginal subpenais here,
with the return of the Sergeant-at-Arms UP9? ll>
as stated in the resolution. I may say, in addition,
that I learrfed from the Sergeant-at-Arms that the
witness told him contemptuously he would not at-
tend. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
REBELLION LOSSES.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the consent of the House
to make the rebellion losses bill a special order for
Thursday next. •
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the bill be post-
P°The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is not entitled to the floor. .
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I object to the bill being
made a special order.
FURLOUGHS TO SICK SOLDIERS.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be instructed to in-
quire into the propriety and expediency of granting tur-
lou"hs to all sick and wounded soldiers now in the hospitals
in and about Washington, who may desire it, and who the
proper officers of the medical department of the hospitals
will certify are so disabled trom sickness or wounds as to
be unable to perform military duty for several weeks, but
who are able to return to their homes without injury to their
health, and communicate to this House lus action therein
as speedily as possible.
Mr. MAYNARD objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 28, 1862.
PrayerbytheChaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 9th instant, copies of official reports
from the officers in command relating to the recent
battles of Pittsburg Landing.
Mr. WADE. 1 move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affaira and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. And printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
has not been made.
Mr. POWELL. I make it.
The motion to print was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. KING-. I present a petition from volun-
teers who have been honorably discharged from
the service of the United States, setting forth that
when they enlisted they expected to fulfill their
duties as soldiers for the full term of their enlist-
ment, but they have been discharged on account
of disabilities arising while in actual service from
sickness, wounds, and other causes incidental to
the service, and unavoidable; and that they are
informed the bounty authorized is not allowed
them, which they expected to receive when they
enlisted. They ask that the bounty of $100 may
be extended to them. A very large list of dis-
charged soldiers sign the petition. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I have a petition numerously
signed from citizens of Ohio, setting forth that
they viewith astonishment and feelings of deep
