1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
power; it is a voice which issues always from I
the throne, and if not instantly silenced, it is an- j
swered, ere long, in the wail of the nation, as it i
surrenders its liberties in submission to arbitrary
power. We have seen its effect in our day. An !
imperial throne built upon the ruins of a republic
and a [(residency; built upon the ruins of oaths
broken, rights violated, liberties despised, and a
nation oppressed, is but the familiar story with
which we close one page of the history of " State
necessity."
We are told that in times of great public dan-
ger the people should strengthen the hands of
their rulers by confidence in the integrity of their
motives, and in the wisdom of their measures.
Yes, truly! Strengthen them with the confidence
of the people so long as they confine themselves
to the powers granted by the Constitution, but
paralyze them with distrust when they begin the
work of usurpation. Demosthenes, in his "divine
philippic," told the Athenians that " the strongest
fortress of a free people against a tyrant is dis-
trust." They heeded not his warning,and thence-
forth Grecian independence and Grecian liberties
were but a name. William the Silent taught the
same lesson to the northern Netherlands when
Philip sought their confidence. They heeded its
wisdom, and glories clustered for two hundred
years around the Dutch republic.
I do not speak to-day in behulf of these memo-
rialists alone—honorable, upright as I believe them
to be—deprived of their constitutional rights as
T think they certainly are I speak in behalf of
the Constitution, in behalf of the liberties of the
nation, of the rights of my constituents, of the
rights of every citizen in the land; and in behalf
of them all, I now say that this claim of the ex-
ecutive department of the right to suspend the
privilege of the habeas corpus, to seize and de-
tain the citizen without regard to the provisions
and processes of law, i§ utterly untenable; and
that it becomes this House—every member of it;
the chosen Representatives of the people—as well
in virtue of the oath we have taken to support the
Constitution as of the position which we hold in
the framework of the Government, solemnly—
aye, solemnly—before God and our countrymen,
to protest against it.
Mr. BIN&HAM. Mr. Speaker, it is my pur-
pose presently to move to lay the memorial and
the resolution which my colleague has introduced,
upon the table. I do not intend any disrespect to
my colleague, but 1 desire to say that, in my judg-
ment, all that my colleague has said, and so well
said, upon this question, and all that can be said
upon it, has been fully and satisfactorily ansjvered
by the argument of the Attorney General of the
United States, which was submitted to this House
at its recent session, and which, by the order of the
House, has been printed and distributed among
the people. I think the answer to all that has
been said is to be found in that argument. I may
be indulged by the House, however, in the single
remark that, notwithstanding the ability of my
-colleague, he has not been able in his labored argu-
ment to disguise the fact that the time has long
since come, contemplated by the words of the Con-
stitution, when it is competent, and not only com-
petent, but the duty of some power in this Gov-
ernment, to suspend the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus. If this be conceded—and I do not
think my colleague will be quick to deny the prop-
osition—then his argument destroys itself, because
it implies a censure upon himself and upon this
House f«r not discharging the duty long as;o which
devolved upon it and upon every member of it,
and to the faithful discharge of which they 'voro
bound, most solemnly bound, by the oaths which
they took at that tribune of the people. The gen-
tleman's argument is, that Congress alone can
susnend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus,
and by every intendment of his speech he concedes
that the time has come when it ought to be sus-
pended. Why, then, was my colleague silent?
When rebellion has lifted up its hands over one
half of the Republic, and its madness and fury
strive to shake down the pillars of thf temple of
constitutional liberty and drench this land in the
blood of its children, it is no time to be splitting
hairs and carping about the question whether Con-
gress or the President shall first exercise the power
of suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus.
Does the gentleman contemplate a general jail
delivery, or are his sympathies confined exclu-
sively to the lebels and conspirators of the city
of Baltimore? Why had not the gentleman some-
thing to say about these rebels incarcerated in your
own capital? Why does he not move that the
writ of habeas corpus shall run in their behalf, and
that they shall be discharged, and that all other
rebels taken in this great conspiracy and rebellion
shall likewise be discharged, because Congress
has slumbered on this bursting volcano, and failed
to discharge the duty which the gentleman says
devolved upon it. I mean, I repeat, no disrespect
to my colleague, but, assuming his position to be
right, the logical conclusion is, that my colleague
has been derelict in duty in not having moved a
suspension of the writ, and armed the Executive
with the power imposed on him by the words of
the Constitution, and by that oath which, m the
presence of his God and of his countrymcn, he
took to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States." The lawsareto
be executed—" faithfully executed"—and they
can only be executed by the force and power of
the sword against this armed rebellion. I think
nothing more need be said upon that point. It
does not lie in the mouths of these gentlemen,
until they make a cleaner case upon the records
of this House than has yet been made by them or
for them, to come here and claim special privileges
under that Constitution, the provisions of which
they have been trampling under their feet. I move
to lay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. 1 ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot withdraw it. Both
sides have been heard.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will renew it after
one minute's observations.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays. Let the gentleman bring in his bill.
He is chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and
the responsible man.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand a divis-
ion of the question.
The SPEAKER. A motion to lay on the table
is not divisible.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afliinmtive—yeas 10S, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Mr-sj-rfc. Aldrich, Allen, Arnold, Babbitt, Gold-
smith F i?;u!oy, ftnlcoi, Hnxt.-r, ttcaman. Bingham. Fran-
cis P. Bl.ui Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, But-
finton, Burn belli), Calveit, Campbell. ChamberJm, Clark,
Cobb, Colfax, Frpdeiick A Oouklmg, Roacoe Conkhng,
Craven*, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, DuelJ, Duniap,
Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwaids, Eliot, English, Fenton, Fe^sen-
den, Fraiichot, Frank, Goodwin. Granger, Glide), Ihiight,
ilile, llanehett, lfaitison, llolman. Hooper, Ilorfou,
IIutehni>, Julian, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, KiJlmger, Lansing, Law, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
Phcuon, Maliory, Maytuud, Monzies, Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill, Justin S. Motrili, Nixon, Noel}. Olin, Patton,
T. G. Phelps, Pike, Pomerov, Porter, Potter, Alexander
II. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sanjcaui, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger. Sherman, Sloan,
Smith, Stevens. Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas Fiancis
Tiiomat., Tiain, Trimble, Trovvbiidge, Upton, Van IToin,
Vein Wvek, Verier. Wall, WalUcc, Charles W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Washbmnc, Wheeler, Albeit S. White,
Wilson. Woodruff, Woicester, and Wright—103.
NAYS— Mes>sts. Allen, Ancona, Joseph lUily, fiuldlc,
Geoige II. Biowne, William G Brown, Ooppi, Fouke,
Ilardinir, Johnson, Lazear, May, Moui-, Noble, Noiton,
Pendleton, IVrrv, Robm>on, Shul,John 15. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Vdllandiahnm, Wad-nvorth, Ward, Chilton
A. White, and Wickliffe—26.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Hickman had been
called to his home by the death of a relative.
Mr. DAWES moved to dispense with the rcad-
i ing of the names.
! Objection was made.
■ The result was announced as above recorded.
| Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
| by which the whole subject was laid upon the
! table; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
I sider upon the table.
,! The latter motion was agreed to.
ij DEATH OF SENATOR BINGHAM.
I' A message was received from the Senate, by
'' Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
!i that the Senate hud passed resolutions in reference
;' to the death of lion. Kinmxy S. Bixoham. late a
!• Senator from the State of Michigan.
ii The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the resolutions of the Senate,
as follows:
- In the Senate op the Unitej> States, "
December 10,1861.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sjneere
desire of showing every mark of respect du,e to the mem-
ory of Hon.Kinsley S. Bingham, deceased,late a Senator
from the State of Michigan, wilf go Into mourning by wear-
ing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That a* an additional mark of respect-for tile
memory of Hon. Kinsley S. Bingham, the Senate do now
adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, at the assem-
bling of Congress, on the 4th day of July last, you
found this Capitol, as also all the public buildings
of this city, draped in mourning. You did not
inquire for the cause of those symbols of grief;
you knew that a distinguished Senator, whose life
had been devoted to the service of his country,
had then recently gone forever from the field of
his labors. Illinois was overwhelmed with an-
guish by the untimely loss of a favorite son. A
great nation, amid the angry passion and san-
guinary strife begotten by treason and civil war,
had paused to participate in the funeral rites of a
departed statesman, and to shed her tears over the
grave of a patriot.
After a recess of less than four short months,
Congress has again assembled, and again we learn
that a seat in the Senate of the United States has
been vacated by the death of one of its members.
And now, sir, the hand of grief has been laid
heavily upon Michigan. Suddenly, unexpect-
edly, and without premonition, the angel of death
came within her borders and claimed and removed
one of her most eminent public men. The Hon.
Kinsley S. Bingham, late a Senator from the
State of Michigan, died during the recess of Con-
gress, on the 5th day of October last, at his res-
idence in Green Oak, almost instantaneously, of
apoplexy.
Mr. Speaker, a period of twenty-three years has
elapsed since I first became a citizen of that State,
when I found Mr. Bingham already in public life,
and rapidly rising in the esteem and confidence of
the people. I immediately became his political
associate and personal friend. Since my fij-st ac-
quain tance with the deceased, old issues have given
place to now; political creeds have been mod-
ified; party organizations have been disrupted,
and party tics have been severed; but until his
death our political and social relations remained
unchanged. I knew him long and intimately, and
was honored by his confidence; but his name will
have a place in history, and discarding the lan-
guage of eulogy, I shall allude but briefly to some
of the facts and incidents of his private character
and public services.
The life of the deceased was another demon-
stration of the benign and ennobling influence of
our social and political institutions; and his biog-
raphy presents points of resemblance to that of
many an American statesman whom the nation
has delighted to honor. He was born at Camil-
lus, in the county of Onondaga, in the State of
New York, on the 16th day of December, in the
year 1808. The son of a farmer of moderate
means, he was in his childhood inured to toil,
from which for several years he was relieved only
at short intervals, in order to embrace such op-
portunities for mental training as were afforded
by the district schools of his native town. Be-
tween the ages of thirteen and twenty years, he
received instruction during four terms at various
academies, acting as teacher himself in primary
schools at intervals in the mean time, in order to
defray the expenses of his education. At the age
< of twenty he entered the office of James R. Law-
! rence, Esq., then of Camillus, now of Syracuse,
, in the State of New York, as a student at law. I
j am notudviscd of the duration of his legal studies,
! but he never practiced the profession. Suchslen-
> der matci mis formed the basis of the education of
; a man who was destined to become conspicuous
! m tho history of a great State, and to have no
1 small share in the direction of the affairs of a
mighty nation.
At the age of twenty-four years, Mr. Bingham,
with that judgment for which he was distinguished
through life.comprehended the unemployed capa-
bilities of the great Northwest, and foresaw its
gloiious futureTaud falling in with the tide ofemi-
. gration moving in that dii ection, he was borne < n
! to Michigan, where he purchased a parcel of (ho
