1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2987
humiliation the tender regard shown by the mil-
itary authorities of the ^Federal Government for
the property of notorious traitors in arms against
the United States, and praying that more energetic
and stringent measures may be adopted by the
Government. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of the Mil-
waukee and Rock River Land Company, remon-
strating against the payment to the State of Wis-
consin of the five per cent, fund which has ac-
cumulated on sales of public lands in that State
before a final adjustment of the claims of the com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John McCutcheon be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and delivered to Ann
McCutcheon, his widow.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to punish persons who
give, or offer to give, members of Congress and
officers of the Government of the United States
consideration for procuring contracts, office, or
place from the Government of the United States.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution to print
one thousand copies of the act for the collection
of internal revenue for the use of the Senate, re-
ported in favor of printing the same; and the re-
port was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported thefojlowing resolution; which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed in addition to the usual
number, twenty-five thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Patents on agriculture, for the year 1861,
twenty thousand of which for the use of the Senate, and
live thousand for distribution by the Interior Department.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of Marshall O. Roberts and others,
trustees of A. G. Sloo, submitted a leport, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of the
trustees of A. G. Sloo. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 318)
for relief in the land claims in California, known
as claims of Francisco Soberanes to a tract of
land known as " Sanjon de Santa Rita," and of
Joseph S. Alemany, to the mission " San Fran-
cisco Solano," reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 84) for the relief of the State of Wisconsin,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
187) to authorize an additional issue of the United
States notes, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
PANAMA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the House bill for the relief
of the president and directors of the Panama Rail-
road Company, have had the same under consid-
eration, and instructed me to report it back, with
the recommendation that it pass, and lam also
instructed to ask for its present consideration;
and if the Senate will give me their ear for a mo-
ment, 1 think it will pass without a division.
There being no objection, the bill (H, R. No.
428) for the relief the president and directors of
the Panama Railroad Company, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to the presidentand directors of the Pan-
ama Railroad Company of $7,475, in full of all
claims of that company on the United States for
the transportation of certain persons from Pana-
ma to New York by agreement with Commodore
Mervine.
Mr. HALE. I desire to read, for the satisfac-
tion of the Senate, the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Navy on this subject, made some
time ago. It is very short. Certain persons en-
gaged with Walker in Nicaragua were captured.
The Secretary says:
" The whole number of men surrendered and carried to
Panama was about three hundred and sixty-four. Com-
modore Mervine finding his squadron suddenly incumbered
with these men, in the most wretched condition, suffering
for the want of everything, and endangering the-health of
those under his command, had no mode of relief except by
turning them adrift, which was impossible, or sending them
by the railway to Aspinwall. Adopting the latter alterna-
tive, he was under the necessity of drawing on the Depart-
ment, in favor of the railway company, for $7,475, being the
amount which would be due for transporting them across
the Isthmus at the usual rate of charge. This bill has neither
been paid, accepted, nor protested. The company volun-
tarily lelinquished the personal responsibility of Commo-
dore Mervine, and put the bill at the disposal of the Gov-
ernment. I submit it, with an expression of my conviction
that Congress should make reasonable piovision for it."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LAND OFFICE IN NEVADA.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (H. R. No. 442) to establish aland dis-
trict in the Territory of Nevada, and for other pur-
poses. It will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It enacts that the public lands of the United
States in the Territory of Nevada shall constitute a
land district, to be called the district of Nevada, the
office for which shall be established at such place
within the district as the President of the United
States may from time to time direct, and that the
preemption laws be extended to the Territory.
The President is authorized to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a regis-
ter and receiver for the district, who will be re-
quired to reside at the site of the office, and have
the same powers and perform the same duties as
are now and may hereafter be prescribed by law
for other land officers, and whose compensation
will be the same as allowed to such officers by the
act approved April 20,1818, entitled " An act for
changing the compensation of receivers and legis-
tersofthe land offices." When the settlers in any
township or townships, not mineral or reserved
by Government, shall desire a survey made of the
same under the authority of the Surveyor Gen-
eral of the United States, and shall file an appli-
cation thereof in writing, and deposit in a proper
United States depository to the credit of the Uni-
ted States a sum sufficient to pay for such survey,
together with all expenses incident thereto, with-
out cost or claim for indemnity on the United
States, it will be lawful for the Surveyor General,
under such instructions as may be given him by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
in accordance with existing laws and instructions,
to survey such township or townships, and make
return thereof to the general and proper local land
office, provided that the townships so proposed to
be surveyed are within the range of the regular
progress of the public surveys embraced by exist-
ing standard lines or bases for the township and
subdivisional surveys.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NATIONAL ARSENALS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 342.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
342) for the establishment of certain national
arsenals was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to establish a national arsenal
at Columbus, Ohio; at Indianapolis, Indiana; and
at Rock Island, Illinois, for the depositand repair
of arms and other munitions of war; and for the
purpose of carrying this act into effect, itappropri-
ates the sum of $100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the word
"at" before the words "Rock Island,"and insert
" on;" so as to read, " on Rock Island,in the State
of Illinois."
Mr. WADE. I consent to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I move to amend the sec-
ond section of the bill bjr striking out the words
" on Rock Island," and inserting " at Gluincy."
if an arsenal is to be established in Illinois or upon
the Mississippi river, I think Rock Island would
be very far from being the most appropriate place
at which to locate it. If it should ever become a
point of attack, so that it would become necessary
to defend the place, I know of no place that would
be less defensible than Rock Island, situated in
the river, with bluffs on each side from which it
might-be very readily assailed—points from which
it could easily be commanded by batteries or troops
that might approach the rivet. But the principal
objection to it is its inaccessibility by the river. If
we need an arsenal on the Mississippi river, we
need it much further south than Rock Island.
Rock Island is, perhaps, some one hundred and
fifty miles above the Des Moines rapids of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. GRIMES. About onehundred and twenty
miles.
Mr, BROWNING. I was thinking that it was
about two hundred miles from Q,uincy. It is one
hundred and twenty miles ftom the upper end of
the rapids, I presume the Senator means. I sup-
pose it is nearly one hundred and fifty; it is one
hundred and thirty or one hundred and forty at
any rate, from the foot of#he Dcs Moines rapids;
and one hundred and twenty, probably, from the
head of the Des Moines rapids. Those rapids can-
not be'passed by steamboats; boats cannot ascend
them without beinglightered over them on an av-
erage of three months in the year, on account of
the stage of the water. There is a portage of twelve
or fifteen miles from Keokuk to Montrose,on the
west side of the river. That portage has always
to be made* The boats that pass the river, except
when the water is in very high stages, have to
lighter over and transport their freight in lighters;
and very frequently, for months and months to-
gether, they cannot pass the rapids at all, even at
that cost of time and labor. In the winter season
it is completely shut out; and the winter season
there embraces, I suppose, on an average, from
the 1st of November until near the 1st of May—
certainly until some time in April. During that
period navigation is totally obstructed on that pait
of the river by ice, so that there are not more than
three months in the year, and perhaps not three
months in the year, on an average, when it is
easily accessible by the river.
If it were, however, easily accessible, you
would still have to transport your arms a great
distance. Where you want arms now, and al-
ways will want them, probably, if you need them
at all, will be very much south of Rock Island
on the river, and you will have to transport them
hundreds of miles from the place where they are
needed for use, to Rock Island for repair, and
transport them back again when you want them
for use. Q,uincy is situated forty miles below the
foot of the Des Moines rapids, where there is an
uninterrupted navigation all the year by the river,
as good navigation as there is in the valley of the
Mississippi river, with the exception of a very
short period in winter when the navigation is
sometimes interrupted by ice; but there is raiely
a month in the year, even in the winter mouths,
when navigation is not open as far up as GLuincy.
If any one will take a map and put his finger
upon duincy, or put one toot of the compass
there and sweep around, it will be found to be as
nearly central of the three States of Iowa, Illi-
nois, and Missouri as you can possibly select a
place. It includes the major part of all these three
States as a central point around which they col-
lect and lie. It is directly on the only railroad
route of communication that now exists between
the Atlantic coast and the Missouri river, and
precisely in the line of the great Pacific railroad,
or one branch of it, for which we passed a bill in
this body a few days ago. Itison the same parallel
of latitude, as I had occasion once before to men-
tion, beginning east with the cities of Philadel-
phia, Pittsburg, Columbus, Indianapolis, Spang-
field, then Q,uincy, St. Joseph, and Denver City.
They are all on the same parallel of latitude; a few
miles north and south will cover and include the
whole of them. It is situated in the heart of what
it is perhaps not extravagant or unieasonable to
say is the richest portion of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, in every direction from it to almost an un-
limited extent. It is separated by the river only
from the richest portion of Missouri. It is within
forty miles of the southern boundary of Iowa, and
as directly central in the State of Illinois upon its
western border as you can get a place. It is pre-
