1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2989
It seems to me that that position is eminently
the one which invites the location of an arsenal,
and I still hope that the Senator from Iowa will
withdraw his support and advocacy from Rock
Island, and that he will unite with me andgive his
effective and almost controlling assistance in this
body in favor of Keokuk as the site for this ar-
senal.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word to say.
I appreciate the sentiment by which the Senator
was actuated when he offered this amendment,and
I know it will be gratifying to him for me to tell
him that the people of my State have settled this
question for themselves, and have instructed their
members in this body togo for Rock Island. They
have decidcd it upon national principles, and we
have been twice instructed to vote for Rock Island
in preference to any other point. I have no doubt
that will be exceedingly gratifying to the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not very gratifying; but it
is satisfying.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to speak on this
subject. This bill has received the approbation of
the Military Committee after mature deliberation.
I believe every member of the committee has as-
sented to it. They have deliberated upon the lo-
cation. Now, much might be said upon all these
localities; and every gentleman that is pleasantly
and agreeably situated in a State may, if he will,
find very good reasons why an arsenal should be
established there. Much has been said about the
soil and climate, its fertility, and all that. That
is a characteristic of the whole West; at all events
it will be difficult to find a place there where the
soil would not be sufficiently good to establish an
arsenal, I presume. Indeed we have made very
good guns at Harper's Ferry, where you cannot
raise potatoes. [Laughter.] I do not think all
these considerations have much to do with it. I
am anxious that the bill should pass. 1 am per-
fectly aware, as were the committee,that the Gov-
ernment, nowhaving so many soldiers in the field,
has to transport arms to Springfield, or some dis-
tant point, to have them repaired, and has to
return them; and this is really costing the Gov-
ernment more than it would cost to establish those
arsenals nearer home. As the committee have de-
liberated on all these places and fixed the loca-
tions, I hope the Senate will stand by what they
have done, and give us the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that my colleague, and
I know he will, in fact, vote forlCcokuk; that is,
for the amendment to the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky. Although we are
instructed to vote for Rock Island on the final vote,
we are not instructed to vote for&uincy in oppo-
sition^ to Keokuk; and while I am up I will indorse
every word the Senator from Kentucky has said
in relation to the eligibility of Keokuk. There is
awater powerthere that isalmostabsolutely with-
out limit. The entire bed of the Mississippi may
be brought to bear on machinery at that point, as
well as at Rock Island. The bed of the river is
rocky, and the banks are rocks on both sides, and
there is a fall to the extent stated by the Senator
from Kentucky; and if Rock Island shall not be
settled on as the point, I know of no other better
point than Keokuk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is between Keokuk and Q,uincy, on the amend-
ment to theamendment moved by the Senatorfrom
Kentucky.
Mr. BROWNING. With all deference to the
opinion of the Senator from Ohio, I think that some
of the considerations suggested are pertinent to
the question under consideration. They were not
suggested by him, it is true; but still I think they
have some relation to the question, and some per-
tinence to it. It appears to. me that accessibility
is a question very well worthy of being consid"-
ered in connection with the location of an arsenal.
It is an argument which he himself urged in favor
of the establishment of arsenals as proposed by
him, because he said Springfield was so inaccessi-
ble from the seats of war, and the places where
arms are being used. Sir, Springfield to-day is
more accessible than Rock Island to all the seats
of war, and it will cost less to transport arms from
any of the seats of war to Springfield than to Rock
Island.
Mr. WADE. I mean Springfield, Massachu-
setts.
Mr- BROWNING. I know you do.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator think it is the
policy of the Government to send its troops to the
seats of war before arming them ?
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Should they not be armed
where they are raised?
Mr. BROWNING. I was appropriately, I
think, replying to the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio, that a reason for establishing these
arsenals, and the force of which I fully appreci-
ate, was, that the present arsenals were so inacces-
sible to the seats of war where we were using arms,
and from which they had to be sent to the arse-
nals for repair. Rock Island to-day would be less
accessible, I believe, even to the army of the Mis-
sissippi, than Springfield, Massachusetts would;
it is not quite so far off, but there are not such
facilities for reaching it.
The Senator from Kentucky is, perhaps, not as
familiar with either the geography or the topog-
raphy of the States and places indicated as some
of the rest of us are. I know some of his imme-
diate constituents have large interests at Keokuk,
and would be glad to have anything located there
that would tend to advance the prosperity of that
place. I have nothing to say in depreciation of
either Keokuk or the State of Iowa, and I enter
into no comparisons of wealth, of fertility, of re-
sources, or anything of the sort, between Illinois
arid any other Stale. Illinois needs no eulogy from
me, or anybody else. As far as all these things
are concerned, she can proudly stand in competi-
tion with any other country on earth. It does not
require elaborate eulogies to enforce her claims in
all the particulars to which the Senator from Ken-
tucky refers as enhancing the claims of Keokuk
for the location of this arsenal.
The Senator from Iowa insists upon Rock Isl-
and as a center of population. It is hard to put
your finger down upon any point of this continent
that is not a center of some population.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator misapprehends
me. I said it was the policy of the original found-
ers of the Government, those who first com-
menced to administer it, to establish arsenals at
the centers of given areas of population; and hence
it was upon that principle that they established
all the arsenals in the eastern and in the southern
States, but that for the last thirty years this rule
had been departed from. I said that Gluincy ap-
propriately came within the area of the arsenal at
St. Louis, with which it had uninterrupted com-
munication.
Mr. BROWNING. But it does not 
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morning
hour having expired the consideration of the biil
now before the Senate gives way to the special
order of the day.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall pass over the
special order, by common consent, and take a vote
on this bill. I am anxious that it should pass. I
do not know how near the end of the session we
are, but this is an impoi tant measure, and I wish
to have it disposed of.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 want to say something
before the vote is taken; not much.
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator propose to
occupy any considerable time?
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It is moved to
postpone the special order and continue the con-
sideration of the bill relating to the location of cer-
tain national arsenals.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the special order will not
be postponed ; but if anything is to be done,it may
give way by unanimous consent, if this bill will
not take time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore If there be no
objection it will be passed over for the time being
informally, subject to be called up by any mem-
ber of the body.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object. I want to
proceed with the confiscation bill.
PUBLICATION OF CONTRACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
oider of the day is befoie the Senate, and it can be
postponed only by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. There was a resolution intro-
duced the other day by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance relating to contracts. It was
of some importance, and on my motion it was
postponed for the purpose of inquiring whether it
would not impede the action of the Depaitments,
and I addressed aline to the War Department and
Navy Department. 1 have got an answpr from
the Secretary of War, who says it will not only
not impede but will be beneficial to have it passed,
and he wants it passed, and I hope by unanimous
consent that it will be taken up and passed.
Mr. CLARK. I hardly think we had better
take up any other matter when we cannot go along
with this, unless it is a matter of very great im-
portance.
CONFISCATION OF REBEf/PROPERTY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,*
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
471) to confiscate the property of rebels for the
payment of the expenses of the present rebellion,
and for other purposes, the pending question be-
ing on the motion of Mr. Clark to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting as a substitute:
That every person who shall hereafter commit the crime
of treason against the United States, and shall be adjudged
guilty thereof, shall suffer death, and all his slaves, if any,
shall be declared and made free; or, at the discretion of the
court, he shall be imprisoned for not less than five years,
and fined not less tnan $10,000, and all Ins slaves, if any,
shall be declared and made free; said fine shall be levied
and collected on any or all of the property, real and per-
sonal, excluding slaves, of which the said person so con-
victed was the owner at the time of committing the said
crime, any sale or conveyance to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 2. Jiwl be it farther enacted, That if any person shall
hereafter incite, set on foot, assist, or engage in any rebel-
lion or insuirection against the authouty of the United
States, or the laws thereof, or shall give aid or comfort there-
to, or shall engage in, or give aid and comfort to, any sucli
existing rebellion or insurrection, and be convicted thereof,
such person shall be punished by impiisonment for a period
not exceeding ten years, or by the lorfeiturc of all his per-
sonal propeity of every kind whatsoever, including choses
in action, and by the forfeituie of his life estate; in any real
property of which he may bo the owner, wherever situated
\viUiiu the United States, and by the liberation of all his
slaves, if any he have; and all such ptoperty, excluding
slave-*, shall be forfeited to the United States, or by both oi*
said punishments, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. dml be it further enacted, That every person guilty
of either ot the offenses described in this act shall be foi-
e ver incapable and disqualified to hold any office under the
United States.
Sec. 4. Jhu I be it farther enacted, That this act shall not
be construed in any way to affect or alter the prosecution,
conviction, or punishment of any poison or persons guiltv
of treason against the United States before the pas&age of
this act, unless such person is convicted under this act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to insui e the more
speedy teimmation of the present tebelhon,and the appie-
hen&ion, conviction, and punishment ot the peisons en-
gaged therein, the President is horeby authorized, and it
shall be his duty, by the marshals of the respective districts,
or such commissioners or othei officers as he may appoint
for that purpose, to seize and sequester the property, real
and personal, of every kind, including choses in action, of
such person* as shall have been actively and notoriously
engaged in said rebellion, and especially ot persons hereatier
acting as officeis of the army or navy of the lebels, now or
hereafter in arms against the United States ; persons here-
after acting as president or vice president, member of con-
gress, head of department, civil officer, judge, foreign min-
uter, or commissioner of the so-called confederate State* ;
poisons hereafter aeting as an officer, whether civil, nnl-
itaiy, or naval, of any State or Teiutorv, who, by the con-
stitution of the so called confedeiate States is icquircd to
take an oath to suppoit said constitution; pe^ons who,
having held an office of honoi, tiust, or profit undei the
United States, shall hereaitei take up aim-agam^t the Uni-
ted States; peiaons who, owning piopeity m the loyal Stales
or Tcmtorie<, or the loyal poitions of the disloyal States,,
shall heieaftei assart or give aid and comfoit to the picscnt
icbellion; and to hold and posses such property for the
United Slates, to secure the appearance of the offender to
lake his trial and abide such punishment as shall be ad-
judged against him. No slave shall he seized undei this
act; but the United States shall have a lieu on all the slaves
of the persons heicin descubed, to answer such oider as
may be made in regard to thein for then liberation ; and no
sale thereof -dwdl be of any foiee ot tffcct aitei the com-
mission of said offense
See. 6. Ami be it further enacted, That the property so
seized and bcquestered shall be held, posaes&ed, occupied^
or icnted by the officers aforesaid, until the owners- thereof
can be pioceedcd against bv legal pioseeution ; and if con-
victed, until the propei ty can be levied upon, or be de-
claied forfeited to the United Slate-, as heiem provided.
And all such peisonal piopoitv a* shall be so taken, which
is peii&hable, or expensive in keeping, may be sold by said
officeis in the same way and manner that goods and chat-
tels taken in execution can be sold m the same State ; and
said officers shall keep and lender full accounts of all the
receipts and avails of said piopeity so sold, let, or occupied,
and pay over the same, deducting the neces«uiv expenses,
to tnoTieasury of the United States. And if the owner
of said propei ty shall be dischatged on trial, or sooner, by
oidei ot the com t, said propei ty, oi the proceeds thereof,
if tlie sdme shall have been .sold, shall he returned to said
owner.
Sec. 1. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it the owner of
any property which may be seized a< afore&a d, shall nee
from justice so that he cannot be biought to tn.il upon in-
dictment found, and aietuir: upon the process for hi^ at iest
that he cannot be found, an order shall be made by the
court wlieie said indictment U pending requning tuch per-
