1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sir, we spend weeks in discussing a tax bill,
which might without much impropriety be called
a bill to confiscate the property of loyal citizens,
while we refuse, persistently refuse, to touch the
property of rebels in arms against the Govern-
ment. We prefer to fall back upon musty pre-
cedents, and thus attempt to divert the will of the
nation from its purposes by discussing learned
absurdities and constitutional technicalities rather
than grapple as practical men with the cause of
the rebellion. Treachery and treason stalk before
us on all sides and defy us. We are told, not only
by traitors, but by some who profess to be our
friends, that we have no constitutional power to
confiscate the property of rebels in arms against
the Government; that we have no constitutional
power to remove the cause and admitted support
of the rebellion, and thus make a like rebellion
from the same cause forever impossible hereafter.
Thus, amid this diversity ofopinion, we are divided
in council and rendered powerless in action, and
are drifting as a nation no one knows whither.
Instead of directing the public mind, as statesmen
should do, by playing the politician we divide and
distract it. Now, sir 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
his remarks to the subject under discussion. The
motion is to postpone.
Mr. ASHLEY. In my judgment, in the re-
marks which I am submitting, I am not out of
order; and if the Chair had waited to see the ap-
plication which I propose to make of them, he
would not, I am sure, have decided me out of
order. However, if that be the decision of the
Chair, I will not further continue them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see what
relevancy the confiscation of the property of reb-
els has to the pending question.
Mr. ASHLEY. Papers and resolutions are
often presented at the Clerk's desk to be read for
the action of the House, and questions of order
are not unfrequently raised upon them. The Chair
usually delays a decision until they are read, to
ascertain their contents and relevancy, and in this
instance 1 do notseewhy lie should havedeparted
from his usual course. I certainly do not intend
to make any remarks which are out of order, and
perhaps this allusion which I make to confisca-
tion and our divisions on other sub jects is not rel-
evant; but I propose to make, with your consent,
an application of these remarks, and you and the
House may then judge whether they are pertinent
to the pending proposition or not.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when interrupted, I was
saying that we had failed utterly to do anything
effective m behalf of the country at this session,
if I except the act emancipating the slaves in this
District, and the passage by this House of the
homestead bill and Pacific railroad. We not only
have permitted ourselves to be divided in counsel;
we have not only failed to grapple vigorously with
the cause of this rebellion, as statesmen and prac-
tical men; but, byplaying the politician, we have
divided the people at home. To-day we yield to
the supercilious demands and pocket the insultof
a foreign Government, and to-morrow grow jubi-
lant over a victory which means nothing. To-day
we declare the backbone of this rebellion broken,
and to-morrow a reveise destroys this faith, and
we glow as skeptical as before; but whether re-
joicing m victory or mourning in defeat, we are
constantly assured by the friends and apologists
of slavery that we must not pass any law which
will touch this question. We are assured by gen-
tlemen that if we are only patriotic—if we are only
patient, conciliatory, and magnanimous—our err-
ing southern brethren will soon return and sin no
more, which simply means, as I interpret it, that
they will return to the Union when we give them
all that they ask, and more than they ever asked
before the rebellion. Thus, day by day, week by
week, and month by month, for a whole year, has
this panorama of victories and defpats been pass-
ing in review before our eyes; and yet we remain
undecided, and " sit here deliberating in cold de-
bate," without unity of purpose or harmony of
action. This bill imposesa just punishment upon
slavery, which has brought about this rebellion.
It puts it under the ban of the national Govern-
ment, and gives an earnest of our purpose, by
declaring that slavery and involuntary servitude
shall cease in this Territory forever.
Sir, the motion to postpone this bill practically
secures a direct vote upon it. The defeat of this
motion, and the'prompt organization of this Ter-
ritory, I regard as very important. Its passage
will secure not only the approbation of the great
majority of the loyal people of this country, but
it will secure the approbation of the liberal people
of every Government in Europe. It will place the
national Government where every earnest man in
this House desires it to be placed—on the side of
freedom.
Sir, this indifference, this division of sentiment,
to which 1 have felt it to be my duty to allude,
sits like an incubus upon many, and they seem
powerless to dispel it. Many who should be with
us in action, as they profess to be in sentiment, un-
fortunately are encouraging others to vote against
this bill, who otherwise would sustain it. If this
bill fails—this national proclamation, as it may
properly be called, of freedom—it will fail by the
votes of its professed friends, upon the pretext that
it will cost the nation thirty or forty thousand dol-
lars annually. If it does fail, I ask every mem-
ber upon this side of the House, I ask every mem-
ber in this Hall, if we will not justly be charged
with abandoning that cause which sent a major-
ity of Republicans into this Hall, and which in-
trusted the present national Republican Adminis-
tration with the control of the Government.
Sir, I trust the motion will fail, and that before
this House adjourns, or before the two days set
apart for territorial business shall have passed,
this bill, so far as the action of the Representatives
of the people can decree it, will have become the
law of the land. If the bill fails, and this great op-
portunity be lost, and it should so happen at the
next session that you cannot pass it, certainly
those who so vote will incur a terrible respons-
ibility, and of all men will be most guilty.
Sir, I repeat that I hope the motion to postpone
will fail.
The question recurring on the motion to post-
pone—
Mr. WHEELER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph IJaily, liiddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Calvert, Casey. Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield,
Ciittenden, Divert, Dunlap, English, Fisher, Franehot,
Gianger, Glider, Ilaieht, Ilale, Ilail, Ilaidmg, Hoiman,
Hoiton, Johnson, William Keiiogg, Kerrigan, Killiuger,
Knapp, Law, Leary, Lehman, McICnight, iVTaliory, lYIay-
nard, Moms, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Ode!!, Price, Richard-
son, Robinson, John B. Steele, William G. .Steele, Strat-
ton, Voorhees, Wadsworth, E. P. Walton, Waid, Webster,
Wheeler, Wickliffe, and Woodrufl—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Aidrich, Ailcv, Arnold, Ashley, liaker,
Beainan, Bingham, Samuel S.'llUir, Blake, Geoige II.
Browne, Bulhiiton, Campbell, Chamhcrlin, Colfax, Co-
vocie,Clltlei, Davit., Delano, Due!!, Dunn, Ed«eilon, Eliot,
Ely, Fes^endeu, t'lauk, Goodwin, Gnrley, floopei, Julian,
Kelley, FidiicW'W. [Cello™, Loomis, l.ovejoy, McPlier-on.
Moorlicad, Pike, Porter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Eihvaid II.
Rollins, Saigent, Slianks, Sheffield, Siiellabaiger, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Fianeis Thomas, Train, Trimble. Tiow-
bndge. Van Horn, Venee, Wall, Wallace, Clint les W. Wal-
ton, Wasllburne, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windoin,and
Wojeestei—59.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ALLEN stated that he had paired off for
the remainder of the day with Mr. Hbtchins.
Mr. SHELLABAR.GER stated that Mr. Har-
rison was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Pomerov was
confined to his room by sickness, and had paired
off with Mr. Vibbard.
Mr. SARGENT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Phelps, had been called away by sickness in his
family' BSBOLLKD BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (II. R. No. 460) to
establish a port of entry in the collection district
of Beaufort, South Carolina, and an act (H. 11.
No. 404) to provide for the deficiency in the ap-
propriation for the pay of the two and three years
volunteers, and the officers and men actually em-
ployed in the western department; when the
Speaker signed the same.
ARIZONA TERRITORY AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for action.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to offeran amend-
ment to the bill.
The SPEA KER. A motion is pending to re-
commit the bill, and no amendment is in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then, I move to amend
the motion to recommit by adding certain instruc-
tions. I do not desire to oppose the recommit-'
ment, nor do I desire to enter into the discussion
of this bill; nor do I care much about its passage.
I have stated a fact which I believe to be true in
reference to the present population of that Terri-
tory. But, sir, if there is a population there to
the extent which the census shows, they-ought to -
have some kind of a civil government. But be-
lieving, as I do now, that there is no-American,
population there at this time to which the pi*otec-'
Hon of this Government, military and civil, ought
to be extended, or its power extended there to
force them out, [laughter,] I desire that by this
bill the salaries ofthese officers shallnot commence
or be paid until they enter upon the duties of their'
offices.
I therefore move to amend the motion to recom-
mit by instructing the committee to report a bill
with the following proviso:
Provided, That no salary shall be due or paid to the offi-
cers created by tins act until they shall have entered upon
the duties of their respective offices within said Territory.
Mr. ASHLEY. I did not know that there was
a pending motion to recommit this bill.
The SPEAKER. It was made when the bill
was introduced, on the 24th of March.
Mr. ASHLEY. I will accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot ac-
cept it. ...
Mr. ASHLEY. Then I withdraw the motion
to recommit.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of or-
der. The gentleman has not it in his power to
withdraw the motion to recommit when a prop-
osition is pending to amend it. It has passed
from the power of the gentleman who made the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman can withdraw the
motion at any time before a vote is taken upon it.
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman from New
Mexico has drawn up two amendments, which I
hewe agreed to accept, and which I send to the
Clerk's desk that they may be read.
The SPEAKER. It is notin order to offer two
amendments at once.
Mr. ASHLEY. I then move to amend, in
section two, line nineteen, by striking out the
word " Washington,"and inserting " New Mex-
ico;" so that the clause will read, " an act organ-
izing the Territory of New Mexico." And upon
that I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. At the request of the Delegate
from New Mexico, I move to strike out lines
twenty-two and twenty-three, and to insert, after
the word " act," the words:
An act amendatory thereto, together with all legislative
enactments of tile Territory of New Mexico, not inconsist-
ent with the provisions of this act, are hereby extended to,
and continued in foice in, said Territory of Arizona until
repealed or amended by future legislation.
And upon that I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now move the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, which is to add
to the end of the second section the fallowing
proviso:
Provided. That no salary shall be due or paid to the offi-
cers cieated by this act until they shall have entered upon
the duties of their respective offices within said Teintory.
Upon that I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was agieed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I offer the following additional
amendment, to come in at the end of the last sec-
tion of the bill:
And all acts and parts of acts, either of Congress or of the
Territory of New Mcmco, estahlishinc, i emulating, 01 in any
wav recognizing the relation of master and Uave in said
Tenitory^are heichy repealed.
I nosv call the pi evious question on the engross-
ment and thiid reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question oraered.
The amendment was agreed to.
