48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10.
riously, we must die. Truly man hath no abiding
place on earth.
"Who builds on less than an immortal base,
Fond as he seems, condemns his joys to death."
He is most wise and happy, sir, who, submit-
ting his mind to the light of such deeply impres-
sive instances of mortality as the one we now
deplore, learns well the true value and great object
of life, and realizing that that life *is most lengthy,
however brief, " which best answers life's great
aim," lives with a just and rational reference to
that brighter, better life on high.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, the late Sena-
tor from Michigan,Mr.Bingham, to whose mem-
ory we are now paying the last tribute of respect,
was a native of the district which I lmve the honor
here to represent. His friends and relatives arc
my friends and constituents. He was there edu-
cated, and pursued his professional studies, and
was fitted for that domestic and public life, the
duties of which he has so honorably discharged.
I hope therefore it may not be deemed obtrusive
if I express, in a few words, the high respect I
cherish for his private and public character.
1 had not the happiness of knowing Senator
Bingham while he was a resident of Onondaga; but
I have often heard one of the distinguished leaders
of its bar, with whom he studied his profession,
speak with affectionate praise of the kindness of
his manners, the purity of his life, his diligence
in study, and his fidelity to his duties and his
trusts.
In early manhood he removed to the flourishing
and rapidly growing Territory of Michigan, then
upon the frontier of our advancing civilization,
and the home of our sturdy and adventurous emi-
grants. He took with him the elements of success
in all our new, vigorous, and growing States—a
good academic education, intelligence, industry,
capacity, integrity,and a persistent determination,
by the use of these qualities, to win for himself
a good name, and for his family a competency
and the comforts of a home. "With these quali-
ties lie united that public spirit and enterprise
which seek the good of the State by moral and
intellectual culture, by the establishment and sup-
port of churches and colleges and schools, the
diffusion of education, and the development of
its material resources.
It is due, in some degree, to his support and in-
fluence that his adopted State has one of the best
endowed and most flourishing universities in this
country, rivaling, m its appointments, the num-
ber of its students, the talents and acquirements
of its professors, the thoroughness and extent of
its course of instruction, the institutions of much
older and wealthier States, and a system of com-
mon education of which any might justly be
proud.
His cultivated and winning qualities of mind
and manner, his integrity and public spirit, soon
secured for the young emigrant the respect and
confidence of the people; and he was repeatedly
called to the discharge of high and responsible
judicial,legislative,and executive trusts. And yet
he never secured place by betraying principle.
If the crowd was fickle and changing, he did not
seek applause and power by flattering the present
passion or caprice; but was content to abide by
his principles, and wait for the reputation which
runs after the patient and upright man.
Senator Bingham represented his district in the
popular branch of the national Legislature in the
Thirty-First Congress, and was returned to the
succeeding one. He was a Democrat, with strong
party feelings, ties, prejudices, and attachments;
buthe was not sufficiently pliant to yield his strong
convictions of duty; nor would he for any party
success outrage popular rights in the name of :
Democracy. His opposition to some of the lead- !
ing measures of his party was honest and persist- i
ent, and he was not again returned as a Represent- !
ative. But he soon emerged from this temporary I
retirement, strengthened and refreshed, and more !
firmly intrenched than evcrin popularfavor. With '
him Democracy was a living principle—it was the
government of the whole people by their chosen
servants and agents, not masters, for the common
advantage and benefit. It was not to be wrested '
to the persecution and oppression of any, the 1
humblest and weakest in society; nor way the
equality it taught him dependent upon birthplace, i
nor creed, nor complexion. The freedom which !
he enjoyed he demanded as the birthright of the
race.
He brought back to the Senate of the United
States the same principles of faith upon which
he was driven into retirement. In the mean time
those principles had been repeatedly approved by
his election and reelection to the office of Gov-
ernor by the people of his State, and his being
chosen by its Legislature a Senator in Congress.
In the present trying but most hopeful period of
our national history, the Government has found
no more reliable supporter, nor one filled with a
loftier zeal or more enduring courage. He has
fallen while the battle has hardly begun, but he
saw with hopeful and prophetic vision, beyond
the smoke of the cannon and the clouds of war,
the sure triumph of justice and right, of law and
liberty, and I doubt not he died content.
" Ills voice is silent in your council hall
Forever; and, whatever tempests lower,
Forevei silent; yet remembei all,
He spoke among you ; and the man who spoke,
Who never sold the uutli to serve the hour,
Nor palteied with eternal God foi power;
Who let the turbid stream* of rumor flow
Thro' either babbling wot Id of high or low;
Whose life was work, whose language^fe
With rugged maxims hewn from life,"
Blameless in his private and domestic life, he
has left a public character without taint or sus-
picion. No peculation, no jobs, no fraud; no
hand open to receive abribe; no fawning or cring-
ing to the high; no contempt for the poor, has left
a stain upon his name. He had not the gift of
genius; he was no poet nor artist; nor had he that
persuasive eloquence whose divine power com-
mands the applause of listening senates; but he
has lived a life of public usefulness; he has been
the fiicnd and promoter of public education; he
has been the constant advocate of just and equal
laws; he has been the champion of the oppressed
and enslaved, and in its best and truest sense he
has been a democratic lawgiver. We may, with-
out injustice or arrogance, apply to him the sen-
timent of the Roman poet:
It is for others to work marble into breathing shape;
others may be more eloquent, or describe the circling move- j
merits of the heaven*, and tell the rising of the stars. Thy
woik, O Senator, is to rule the nations: these be thine acts;
to impose the conditions of the world's peace, to show
mercy to the fallen, and to crush the proud."
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker,another true man
in our midst has fallen. Thus, at almost every
session of Congress, we are solemnly reminded
that " in the midst of life we are in death."
Ten years ago last August, with my newly
issued certificate of admission to the bar in my
carpet sack, I left the law office of my preceptor,
wended my way northward in quest of a location
for a future home, and settled in the city of my
present residence. Bordering thus closely upon
Michigan, I soon came to know many of her
leading men; and among the earliest and most
cherished acquaintances then formed was Kins-
ley S. Bingham, who, at that time, had just closed
his second term in this House as a Representative
from that State.
Belonging with him to the Democratic party,
and entertaining views in common on a subject
which was then distracting and dividing, as it'has
since destroyed, both the old political parties, it
could not well be otherwise than that we should
become friends. !
Round to him since our first acquaintance by the
strong ties of personal and political friendship, I
feel it to be my duty to-day to add a just word of j
tribute to his memory. I
Mr. Bingham was known to me more particu-1
larly in his public character as a statesman and !|
legislator. That he was an earnest, honest man, j!
all concede; and he brought with him into the field ;j
ot his political labors a singleness of purpose and ,!
an energetic spirit. His controlling motive as a 'j
public man was simply to do right. So strong j
was this desire, with him, that ho never yielded to ij
the political appliances of the time-serving spirit i
of the age, which seeks for a solution of public j
difficulties in measures of policy and expediency, >
commonly called compromises. He always looked '
through these, to the foundation of an evil, and
supported that measure of relief which promised l|
a radical remedy. In this respect he acquired the :
reputation of being a radical statesman; and I love \
contemplate him in this the strongest element \
of ins chniaeter.
Mr. Bingham, sir, by early training in the school
of adversity, had learned that the secret of suc-
cess in life was the joint product of self-rciiancc,
honesty,and perseverance. It was the lesson of
his youth, and became part of his nature before
he attained to manhood. He learned it while
following the plow on his father's farm, in the
State of New York, and while improving the win-
ter months at the county school. After attaining
his majority he removed to the then Territory of
Michigan, entered aquarter section ofGovernment
land, and by toil ana privation, which the early
settlers of the West alone can fully appreciate, he
succeeded in securing for himself and family a
comfortable home. Like all men who have been
self-dependent from boyhood, he found, upon en-
tering the higher walks of life, that he was chiefly
indebted to a resolute will, untiring industry, and
an earnestness of purpose, for his ability to over-
come the unfavorable circumstances of his youth,
and for all that was distinguished or able in his
character.
It was no wonder, then, that he should all his
life have steadfastly adhered to that code of po-
litical principles which bore with it opposition to
all measures not as broad and as deep as the evils
they were designed to remedy.
This noble trait of his character marked his en-
tire career, his domestic life, and in a still higher
degree all his political acts in public life.
Honored by his adopted State, as it has been
the lot of but few men to be honored, he was, at
at an early age, five times elected to a seat in the
Legislature, and thrice elected as speaker of the
House of Representatives. Afterwards he was
elected to serve four years as a Representative in
Congress, then twice chosen Governor of the
State, and at length elected to the high and hon-
orable position of Senator of the United States;
and at a time when greater opportunity was offered
than ever before in the history of his country
for the trial and triumph of the principles which
he, in common with so many of us, so dearly
cherished, Providence, in his wisdom, has called
him to a higher field of duty, deprived us of his
valuable counsels, and the Government of one of
its best and mostearnest defenders. A man of un-
blemished character, his whole heart was earnestly
devoted to the interest of the people he loved so
well, and whom he so faithfully and truly repre-
sented. A life which was consecrated to the high-
est interest, not only of his own State, but of the
whole country, and the welfare and happiness of
the human race, has thus terminated; and to-day
we do honor to his memory by casting upon his
grave jhe garlands of an unselfish friendship, and
commending his heroic example to the youth of
the land.
Such, Mr. Speaker, was the public and private
character of him whose loss we to-day so sin-
cerely deplore. Let us cherish and emulate the
virtues of our departed friend, and—
" So live, that when thy summons comcs to join
The innumerable eaiavan that moves
To that mysterious realm where each shall take
His chamber in the silent hulls of death.
Thou go not like the quarry slave at night
Scourged to his dungeon, but, shunned and soothed
By an unfaltoiing tiutt, approach thy giave
Like one that draws the drapery of his couch
About linn and lies down to pleasant dieams,"
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the re-
marks which have already been made would seem
to render it almost unnecessary for me to add any-
thing more. But my political and personal rela-
tions were such to the deceased that I should
hardly do justice to my own feelings if I remained
entirely silent on tins sad occasion I was one
of those who, m the Legislature of our State, la-
bored zealously and earnestly to place Governor
Bingham m the position in the other end of this
Capitol now made vacant by his death. While
the friends of Governor Bingham have never
claimed for him great brilliancy of intellect or
great scholastic acquirements, they do claim that
he possessed that thoroughness in investigation,
that far-seeing sagacity, that soundness of judg-
ment, and that honesty of purpose, the loss of
which at this time renders his death a national
calamity.
If there was any one respect in which he was
distinguished, it was the perseverance with which
he followed out the convictions of his judgment,
wherever they might lead. Thus, when in con-
