2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
son to appear before said court at such time as may be fixed
therein, and take liis tual upon pain of forfeiture of all his
property, and the liberation of all his slaves if he shall fail
to do soj which >atd order shall bo published In such man-
ner and for such time as the court may determine; and if
such person shall not appear and take his trial as required,
such person shall be taken and deemed to have renounced
all claim to any property winch may have been seized as
aforesaid, or of which he shall be the owner, and he and
his heirs shall he forever barred from malting any claim or
maintaining any action for the recovery thereof, but the
same shalf he forfeited and bccome the property ot the Uni-
ted States, and his slaves, if any, shall be free.
Sec. «. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States, whenever he shall deem it necessary and
proper foraspeedy and successful termination of the pres-
ent rebellion, that any personal propeuy, seized by the
Army or Navy, and belonging to a person who shall, after
the pas«ag<> ot this act, have engaged in rebellion, or given
aid or comlbrt thereto, should be confiscated, may cause
proceeding inrcm to be insiiiuted against s>nid property, as
in admiralty or revenue cn^es; and it'said piopeity bhall be
found to have belonged to a person engaged in rebellion, or
who has so given aid and comfort thereto, the Mune shall
beforlVited and become the property of the United States,
and may be sold or disposed of u>  the couit shall direct.
Seo 9. Andfte it further cnaded> That at any time alter
the parage ot this act, whenever tlu; President of the Uni-
ted States, fhall deem it neeosary lor the suppression of this
lebelhon, he .shall t^ue hif pioelamatiou commanding all
immediately to Jay <lotvn jlicit hum* .md to return
to then allcgianec to the United States ; proclaiming that if
any person within any State or dUtriet declared by hiniina
state of insuiieetion shall be found in arms against the
Government of the United States, thirty days after the date
of such proclamation, or qivloguiduuil comfort to the pres-
ent rebellion, the slaves of all such persons, within sueh
State or district, shall be made free, and thereupon the
tdaves of nil such persons, at the expiration of said thirty
days, shall be free and forever chsehatged from any and all
olatin to their labor or service, any law or eu-mm of any
State to the rtmtraiy notwithstanding.
Sue 10. .find he it further enacted. That no sdave escap-
ing into any Stale, 'i'erntory, or the Daniel of Columbia,
<i"tn any otliei State, .shall be dcltveicd up, or in any wav
Impeded oj hindeied of !n> liberty, except tor cunu', or
home often.se against the laws, unless the person elaiming
said fugitive shall fii-t makeoaih that the poison to whom
the laliui or s>eivke oJ'^uuh fugitive is alleged to ho due. is
hN lawful owner, and 1ms not borne arms against the United
States in the piesent icbelhon, nor in any way given aid and
eomlort theteto; and no pciMm cngasred in the mihtaiy or
ma'al bctvH-e of the United States shall, under any pretense
whatever, assume to decide on the validity of the claim of
any pe^ou to the service or labor of any other pemon, or
surteiuler up any n«eh porwm to the cUUmatu, on pain of
heimj dismissed from the service.
Siiti. U. ./litdbcitfmthcrcnaclcd) That the Purulent of
the United States is authorised to employ as many pennon*
ol Airioau descent i\< he may fh-em necessary and pioper,
for the suppression ol this rebellion,and ioi tluapurpos-e he
may organr/.e and use thom in  ueW manner as lu; may
judge ln'st {be jju; public welfare.
Sne. lii. And be it further enacted. That the Pichidentof
Die United Stales Is hereby authorized to make provision
tor the transposition, coloni'/.utiou, and svttlenieut, in some
tropical eountry beyond the limits of the United Stall's, of
KUeh persons ot the All lean race, made free by the provis-
ions ot this aet,as may he willing to emigi.ite, having fiSst
olH.i(ne«( the eoiiHent of the Government of said eonntjy to
their protection and settlement within the hame. with all
the rights and privileges of lieemcn.
Skc. Jtf. ,Jnd t>c U Jurlhcr cnaUcd, Tii.it the President is
hejeby .'iijihoi i/.n), i\t titty tiuw hwuuttvi, by pioeJaniaiion,
toeMend to persons who may have paiticipated in the cx-
i^ttigiebellion in any State or pan thereot, paidon amlam-
ne-.ty, with stieli ovecpuoas and at such tune and on sueh
eouditions as he mav deem expedient for the public welfare.
Si;c. H. shul he it junker enacted, That the courts of the
united States shall have full power to institute proceed-
ings, makes oider* and decrees, issue process, and do all
other things necessary to carry this act into effect.
Mr, CLARK. Mr, President, I have been
solicited by different individuals in the Senate to
make Home remarks upon this bill. Perhaps for
some considerations I ought to do so; hut if I
open the debate, it. nuiy continue an indefinite
tune; and it we ean have a vote now, if there is
no oiher person desirous to speak, I will forbear
now fur tlit; sake of coming to a vute. [" Vote,'1]
Mr, WILKINSON. I will inform thoSenator
tout before tiie vote is taken, I have some remarks
to submit.
Mr. OL A UK. Very well. I hope the courtesy
will be indulged me, if 1 have anything to say, of
closing the debate; and if the Senator wishes to
go on, I cheerfully give Way.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I have
not the vanity to suppose that I can add anything
to what has already been said in the Senate upon
the tight or duty ot Congiuss to pass a law pro-
viding for the confiscation of the properly of the
wicked men who are laboring to destroy this Gov-
ernment, nor shall I attempt it. The question has
been exhausted already, and I would not venture
to say anything upon it were it not for the persist-
entand extraordinary course pursued by the Sen-
ators claiming to be Republicans, ardent advocates
of the war,and devoted friends of the Union, who
have evinced so much feeling,and have manifested
such bitter hostility to all measures which look
to the confiscation of the property of men in arms
against the constituted authorities of the Govern-
ment.
Sir, I cannot understand this. Why is it that
the Senator from Illinois, on the other side of the
Chamber, [Mr. Browning,] while his own con-
stituents, his neighbors, and his friends who have
gone forth to defend and uphold the Government,
are wasting away like snow before the influences
of an April sun, and while those who are left be-
hind are being taxed to support this war to an ex-
tent never before known in this country, stands
here and exhibits such unmistakable hostility to
a measure which is calculated to make the guilty
authors of all this suffering and of all this crime
bear some portion of the burdens which he is so
ready to place upon the shoulders of the liberty-
loving citizens of the loyal States of the Union >
Why is it that he is so sensitive when the inter-
ests of traitors are attacked, and yet so ready to
pour out the property and the blood of Union men
like water to save this Union?
Sir, weare expending000,000aday, and giv-
ing two thousand lives a week, in the cause of the
country and yet, all this money and all these lives
are furnished by the loyal people of the Union.
The men in arms against the Government do not
participate in this terrible sacrifice, and yet they
have caused it. They have wickedly imposed this
terrible necessity upon the country, and yet, when
we seek by this bill to disarm them, when we make
an effort to take out of their hands the weapons
which am raised against our people, when we wish
to take away iiom them the sinews of war, when
we ask them to repair the injuries of the past, and
to give securities against any wrong tlueatened by
them to be committed in the future, when we en-
deavor to make traitors pay their portion of the
expenses of this war, when we attempt by the ex-
ercise of the right of confiscation, to force the just-
ice which we cannot otherwise <&tain, gentlemen
are found here in the Senate, who seemingly close
theireyes to the monstrous wrongofthisrebelhon,
and the terrible sacrifices of our people in their
efforts to suppress it, and they seem anxious to
avail themselves of all excuses and subterfuges ill
order to evade or defeat such a result.
Mr. President, it seems to me to be a clear and
obvious duty, and one which we cannot properly
ignore or shuffle oil', to employ all the means which
are placed m our hands to suppress this wicked
and barbarous rebellion. We are bound to avail
ourselves of all legal means, of every constitu-
tional prerogative, of every extraordinary right
which a state of war places at our command, to
punish traitors, and to trample treason and rebel-
lion under our feet. No matter how severe the
penalty; no matter how terrible the visitation may
be upon the heads of the vile conspirators who are
to-day stabbing at the heart of the nation; no
matter how many estates may be forfeited, how
many fields may be laid waste, how many bond-
men shall be set free, it is our duty to avail our-
selves of any or all these rights if the interests
of our country require it, or the support of our
Army on the bloody battle-field demands it.
Mr. President, without attempting to argue the
constitutional right of Congress to pass a law con-
fiscating the property of rebels and traitors, 1 will
simply content myself by stating my views upon
this question, and by giving the principles by
which my action will be governed in this mat-
ter.
Our Government is engaged in war, gigantic,
desperate, bloody war—a war which, in its pro-
portions, has had no parallel in the present cen-
tury, and which, in its vastness, is not likely soon
to be equaled by any of the nations of the earth,
it is idle for us to call it anything but war. How-
ever pleasant ami agreeable it might be to char-
acterize the present conflict in our country by
some other name, still we are forced (no matter
how reluctantly) to admit that we are in the midst
of actual war. This being- our situation, the Gov-
ernment of the United States may, and rightfully
should, exercise all the rights of war which, in
the law of nations, are laid down as belonging to
and proper to be exercised by independent Gov-
ernments. The rights of war are peculiar to a
state of war, and cannot fully be exercised by
any nation in times of peace. Nor is the Gov-
ernment of the United States, while engaged in
the terrific, deadly struggle for its own life, to be
hedged around and chained down by those purely
constitutional restrictions which were intended
only for the government of our people in times of
peace. Were not the powers of the Government
enlarged in times of national hostilities, it would
be in vain for us to attempt to carry on a war.
Under our Constitution, as under the common
law, the house of the humblest citizen is his cas-
tle; and so fully is he secured in its enjoyment
that even the President himself, in times of peace,
dare not unbidden enter it. But, sir, war comes,
and with it its accumulated horrors, its sick, its
wounded, and its dead. War comes, bringing
with it an entire revolution in the necessities of
the country; and also a corresponding change in
the laws by which the nation is governed. The
residence which to-day cannot be entered or tres-
passed upon, except by the authority of judicial
process, to-morrow is at the mercy and control
of a single officer, who may, without any charge
against its owner, turn him out, in order that his
mansion may be made a hospital for the sick and
weary soldier.
But I need not further allude to this point, for
its simple statement carries with it the conviction
of its truth. Were this not so, no nation upon
the earth could wage a successful war.
Now, sir, what are the rights of war, and for
what is war waged? The rights of war are all
deduced from a single principle, and that is the
end of a just war. When the end for which the
war is prosecuted is just, the rights of war grant
to him who is waging it all necessary means to
attain this end. The rights of war go hand in
hand with necessity, and with the exigency ot
the case. Sir, I claim in defense of the right of
confiscation, that it is necessary to compel the
guilty authors of this rebellion to indemnify the
loyal people of the country for the suffering and
expense to which they have been subjected, in
consequence of this rebellion.
The nation has the undoubted right to indem-
nify itself for the great wrongs which it has suf-
fered, and that indemnity may rightfully be de-
manded of those who have forced the nation into
this war. The people upon whom the confisca-
tion act will operate, are those who have forced
us into this war. They are the authors of all this
violence. They have compelled the nation to use
force, to raise armies, to build ships of war, to
expend marvelous amounts of money and oceans
of blood to preserve the rights of this nation; and
they have no right to complain if things proceed
so far that they shall lose either their lives or their
fortunes in the struggle.
Another right which the nation has in war is
thatof weakening the enemy, of taking away from
him the means of maintaining war, and weaken-
ing him from supporting an unjust and wicked
violence. An able author upon the law of nations
says:
" A nation has a right to deprive the enemy of his pos-
sessions and goods, of everything which may augment Ilia
forces and enable him to make war.
''This everyone endeavors* to perform in the manner
mon suitable to him. A nation on every opportunity lavs
its hands on the enemy's goods, appropriates them to itself,
ami thereby, besides weakening the adversary, strengthens
itself, and at least, in part, procures an indemnification, an
equivalent, either for the very cause of the war, or for the
expense and losses resulting from it. A nation here does
itself justice."
I admit that violent lemedies should not be wan-
tonly used, that there should be a great necessity
for the exercise of them before they should be
resorted to. But, Mr. President, does not that
necessity exist here, and now?
Let the Senators from Illinois [Mr. Browning!
and Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] go home to
then constituents, where there is a sepulcher in
every garden, over which the grass has not yet
giown, and in the midst of the gloom and deso-
lation and mourning that surround them, pro-
pound to them the questions: is it right, is it just,
is it necessary that the authors of all this mourn-
ing and desolation and gloom should be com-
pelled to indemnify the nation, in some degree at
least, for all the terrible sacrifices which have been
made? And, sir, what will be their reply > What
will be their indignation when you argue to them
as you have argued here in the Senate that it is
not right, nor just, nor necessary, and that (here
is no power in Congress to compel the guilty mur-
derers of their husbands, their fathers, and their
sons, to make indemnity for the sufferings and the
wrongs which have been borne by our peoole'
