THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1861.
■JNT®w Series....'.No. 4.-"
nection with the great mass of his political friends
of the North, he had taken his position against the
introd uction of slavery into the Territories belong-
ing to the United States, neither the persuasion of
political associates and warm personal friends,
nor tho allurements of high political preferment,
nor even the denunciation of those associates and
friends—changing into the most implacable ene-
mies—couldinduce him for one momentto swerve
from the promptings of his own judgment. He
said to my father, here in Washington, after he
had reviewed the whole argument," I have elected
my position. I suppose the vote which I shall
to-day give will consign me forever to the walks
of private life. But my judgment approves it.
My whole heart is in it; and I have yet to learn
that I am at liberty to disregard the promptings
of my mature judgment to secure political prefer-
ment, or at the dictates of any body of men."
This sentiment seems to have been tho ruling
motive of his life; and I regard that life as a noble
example to the young men of our country, show-
ing, as it does, that the strictest integrity in pub-
lic position, as well as in private life, is the most
sure in the end to obtain the indorsement of an
intelligent people.
But the vote which he then gave did not have
the effect which he anticipated. Though for a
time retired, the people of his State soon called
him into a more extended sphere of activity, and,
to them, of usefulness. He was elected chiet
magistrate of the State in 1854; and if his ambi-
tion had been only to make a proud position for
himself in the quiet history of that young State,
he could hardly have taken a course better calcu-
lated to accomplish it than the one he pursued.
He devoted himself, with untiring energy, to the
work of supplying the State with two institutions
which the civilization of the age has rendered a
necessity in society—asylums for the education of
the deaf, dumb, and blind, and for the cure, or if
that is hopeless, the maintenance, of the insane.
And before he retired from the office, to which he
was once reflected by largely increased majori-
ties, he had the great gratification of seeing the
one in successful operation and the other well
advanced towards completion.
In looking into the operation of our criminal
jurisprudence, he felt that a great injustice was
inflicted by society in confining youthful crim-
inals in the same prison with those whose hard-
ened and corrupted natures would find gratifica-
tion in dragging the others down to the same
degradation with themselves. He therefore rec-
ommended to the Legislature the establishment of
a separate place of confinement for those under a
certain age, where they might be taught some val-
uable trade by which to obtain a livelihood, and
where,being separated from their old associations,
and surrounded by better influences, they might,
perhaps, become a blessing instead of a burden to
society. And I have myself seen, in our "House
of Correction for Juvenile Offenders," many lads
who had been brought in from the by-ways and
lanes of vice and crime, who, by the reforming
influence of education and Christianity, have been
placed far out on the road to a vigorous, virtuous,
and useful manhood.
There is otic other institution in our State the
establishment of which he recommended, and
which was brought into successful operation while
he was Governor. He was himself a practical
working farmer, and had learned by experience,
as well as observation, that this vast industrial
interest of our country required to be conducted
with more intelligence and a more exact knowl-
edge of those scientific principles upon which it
so entirely depends. He recommended and ob-
tained the purchase of a large farm and the estab-
lishment of an agricultural college, where the sons
of our farmers are now obtaining that practical
scientific knowledge of their profession which
has become essential to success in this, which I
believe all admit to be at least one of the most
important industrial interests of the world.
1 doubt whether there has been any Governor
in any one of the thirty-four States composing
this Union, who can point to any more enduring
monuments than these four institutions, by which
his name shall be carried down with affection to
posterity.
The question was taken, and the resolutions
were adopted.
The House thereupon (at two o'clock and forty
minutes, p. m.) ajdourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 11, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS A'ND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNING presented the petition of
BryantT.Schofieldand others, membersofthe bar
residing in the counties ofHancock,McDonough,
and Adams, in the State of Illinois, praying that
the counties of Hancock and McDonough may
be transferred from the northern to the southern
district of the United States court in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, praying for the extension of the American
ocean mail service, and especially the establish-
mentof aline of mail steamers from San Francisco
to China and Japan; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Oifice and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of H. Hubby
and others, of San Diego county, California, pray-
ing that the present rebellion may be quelled; in
favor of reopening the slave trade; in favor of
abolishing the present tariff, and substituting
therefor direct taxation for the support of the
Government; in favor of a modification of the
present laws for the sale of the public lands of the
United States; in favor of assessing all internal
improvements; in favor of protecting our manu-
factories by preventing foreign goods being sold;
and in favor of occupying the torrid zone; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Hor-
ace Emerson and others, citizens of Douglas, in
the State of Massachusetts, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery throughout the country; which
was referred to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of New York relating to
the establishment of a line of mail steamers from
San Francisco to China; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOSTER. I have two petitions, which I
have been requested to present, from J. H. Mer-
rill, of the District of Columbia. They are in
regard to various matters, and I feel some embar-
rassment in regard to the committee to which these
petitions should properly be referred. The peti-
tioner appears to have met with a good deal of
difficulty m his life. He has suffered a great deal
of inconvenience in consequence of not being able
to prosecute claims before the Patent Office for
patents, where he has suffered to a large amount—
more than twenty thousand dollars. He has been
a captain in the naval brigade, and has not been
paid fully for Ins services. He served on the
Pacific coast in Colonel Stevenson's regiment, and
performed duties there in a civil capacity, for
which he received no pay. One of the petitions,
1 see, is dated on the 4th of July, and seems to
have been inspired somewhat by the patriotism
peculiar to Americans on that day. I ask that
one of them be referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, and the other to the
Committee on Claims. I do not know that it
makes much difference which is referred to either
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be so
referred.
BELIEF FOE IRELAND.
Mr. POWELL. I present resolutions of the
Legislatiue of Kentucky, asking the Congress of
tluTUnited States to extend relief to the suffering
people of Ireland; and I ask that they may be read.
The Secretary read- them, follows: -
Resolutions in regard t<f Ireland.- , ' > '
Resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That in .view of the want and fanUxie Impend-
ing over Ireland, and of Our sense of humanity atid'of grat-
itude to her brave sons, who, by thousands, are periling
their lives on the battle-fields of liberty, in defense of our
Government in this timp of its trial, our Senators in Con-
gress be instructed, and our Representatives be requested,
to use ail constitutional means in their power for the irit-
mediate relief of that distressed land, by appropriate action.
Resolved, That the Governor forward a copy of this res-
olution to our Senators and Representatives in Congress,
with ail convenient dispatch.
ltrcriARD A. BUCKNER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOHN F. FfSK,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved December 4,1861. B. MAGOFFIN.
By the Governor:
Nat. Gaither, Jr., Secretary of State.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the resolutions
be printed , and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations; and I trust that they will report
at their earliest convenience such relief as can
constitutionally be extended towards these dis-
tressed people.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolutions
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS 3TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the opinion of the Court of
Claims in favor of the claim of Charles H. Tod-
hunter, asked to be* discharged from its further
consideration, the claim having been paid by the
Department since the judgment of the Court of
Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the opinion of the Court of Claims
in favor of the claim of John Slurring, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief, reported the bill (S.
No. 103) for the relief of John Skirving; and it
was read, and passed to a.second reading-
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 82)
to further promote the efficiency of the Navy, have '
instructed me to report it back to the Senate, with
sundry amendments. I move that it be made the
special order for the consideration of the Senate
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
REMITTANCES OF PAY TO FAMILIES.
Mr. KING. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia direct me to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate whether any and what aid is ren-
dered by the pay department of the Army to enable volun-
teers to transmit home any part of their pay, and what
additional facilities may be extended for that object.
I will state that there is a unanimous desire to
facilitate this purpose in any proper way.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
RETIREMENT OF OFFICERS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia be directed to inquire into the expediency of appoint-
ingajoml committee of the two Houses of Congress, who
shall have power to retire any improper or incompetent offi-
cer of the Army or Navy with or without pay.
Mr. WILSON objected to the present consider-
ation of the resolution, and it lies over under the
rule.
ARMY EXPENSES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaiis and the
Militia be instiacted toinquheand report to the Senate what
reductions may be made in the expenses of the Army, with-
out injury to the public service.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introducea joint resolution
(S. No. 23) to provide for the confiscation of the
property of rebels or insurgents, and to satisfy
