1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
conduct either by facts or arguments. His repu-
tation is at leastasdear to me as to my friend from
Indiana. I have made for him some sacrifices;
and of all things in the world it would have been
most gratifying to me if I could have seen him
elevated to the place which is Occupied by the
present incumbent of the presidential chair; and
the tiling that has pressed heaviest on my heart
has been that when he was placed in a position in
which he could vindicate himself to the whole
world as worthy of the nation's choice, he did not
only nothing, but worse than nothing; and all I
have to say is—and I say it with the best and
kindest feelings-—that if my friend has no better
defense to make for him against these charges
which have been made by this investigating com-
mittee—which I hoped in God might be made to
appeal trumped up and ex parte charges—if he has
no better defense than he has made to-day, then
may God have mercy on him! [Laughter.]
Now, 1 would not have said a word upon this
occasion if the gentleman had not, in the course
of his speech, alluded to the conduct of the gen-
tleman now at the head of the ordnance depart-
ment, General Ripley, a man who has faithfully
and most honorably served his country for more
than thirty years, and added daily to that respect
and reverence which the country will always at-
tach to the honest perfonnance of duty; and if he
had not taken occasion to say of him that the
only difference between Ripley and Floyd was in
the amount of the injury that the one or the other
had done his country. How could he say that?
How can he deem it necessary in defense of any-
body, anywhere, or on any occasion, to cast such
an imputation upon the character of a man like
General Ripley?
What is the charge the gentleman.makes against
General Ripley? It is simply that he ordered
Hall's carbines to be sold; and the gentleman pre-
sumes that he did not have any proper authority
to sell them. Now, 1 presume that he had such
authority. If you will examine with the utmost
scrutiny the conduct of General Ripley while at
the head of the ordnance department, whether
outside or inside of his office, you will find that
his official conduct has been regulated by the
strictest regard for law. Nay, moie; when you
come to read the report, which is now being pre-
pared, and will be sent to this House m a few
days, of all the various contracts made for the
purchase of arms, you will see his repeated pro-
test against the making of many of them as in
violation of law; and you will see that if his ad-
vice and admonitions had been heeded, or his sug-
gestions followed, §50,000,000 would have been
saved by this Government.
Now, what is the charge in reference to the sale
of Hall's carbines? It was an article notoriously
condemned by the oidnance department of the
Government. The gentleman says the sale was
ordered some time in Apul. So it was. The car-
bines wero sold as a condemned, useless article.
We wanted a better article. The President had
then called for seventy-five thousand men. Is there
any pretense that we could not then arm with better
arms than Hall's carbines seventy-five thousand
men ? It might have been injudicious to order the
sale of those arms at that time. Subsequent events
have taught us that it probably was. But who
then di earned that exigencies would arise in which
five or six hundred thousand men would be ie-.
quired to be armed and put into the field' Did
the President, the Cabinet, or anybody else believe
it? Certainly not. If they had, they would have
acted on the presumption that it would have been
necessary to supply these five or six hundred
thousand men with arms. Tins, then, is the sim-
ple charge on which the gentleman has chosen to
base this monstrous charge against General Rip-
ley, a man of singular fidelity and honesty m the
discharge of his duty, and I assert without fear of
contradiction, that no man ever held a position in
that department who has ever exhibited more
earnest desne to perform his whole duty, or whose
heart and soul warmed with more patiiotic devo-
tion than his.
Compare him with Floyd—that thief, sneaking
and mousing through every department of the
Government for opportunity to betray it, profess-
ing obedience to its behests with his hps, while
plotting its destruction ! Why, the gentleman is
mad. His devotion to his great leader has led
him very far astray. The gentleman says that
the misfortunes of Major General Fremont have
arisen.from two causes, one of which is that he
has not received infant baptism at West Point.
Now, I have heard this slang until I am sick of it.
I am tired of it, and I think the country is about
tired of it. It is true that many officers who were
educated at that institution by the bounty of the
Government, have, on the first opportunity, be-
trayed that Government, and taken up arms
against it; and West Point has been frequently
called a nursery of traitors. Now, Mr. Speaker,
and gentlemen of the House, is it not true that the
proportion of officers enteiing the Army appointed
from civil life in the seceded States, and who have
deserted the old flag, is as four to one compared
with those educated at West Point, coming from
the seccded States? Is not that true? Does not
every well informed man know that?
Now, Mr. Speaker, one other suggestion. There
are not in these latter days many native-born gen-
erals. A man Is not the greater general now be-
cause he docs not know anything. I concede that
West Point cannot make a great general; but
where nature has done what it can do towards
making a general, West Point will not hurt.
Without the aid of some military education,either
by experience in the field, or at schools, nobody
ever was a great general; and nobody ever will
be. Apply the principle to any other profession
or walk of life. Apply it to a profession with
which many of us are more familiar than we are
with the profession of arms. I am not much of
a lawyer; but my friend on the left [Mr. Thomas,
of Massachusetts,] is a pretty good lawyer. Will
any one say that, however exalted a man's abil-
ity may be, however learned he may be, in the
general" acceptation of that term, can he sit down
and try a case in court for the first time with hope
of success against my friend ftom Massachusetts
on the left, or against my venerable friend before
me, [Mr. Chittenden?] Nay, more: take an or-
dinary man in the profession of the law, and a
man, however gifted in intellect, however exten-
sive his scientific acquirements, but who has not
studied and practiced the profession of the law,
cannot succeed against him.
Now, does not every gentleman know that this
is precisely true in regard to the science of war?
Or is war no science at all? Does it not demand
any education, any capacity ? Arc we to be told
now that a man who has neither, or whose sole
qualification is that he has not been educated any-
where, is the proper man to take command of
your Army ?
Now, one other thing is said to have been Gen-
eral Fremont's ruin—that is, that proclamation
which the gentleman says so thrilled the whole
country, and which I confess gratified me. It is
said that his misfoitune dates from the issuing of
that proclamation, in which he attempted to man-
umit the slaves of rebels engaged in the overthrow
of the Government. Now, so far as my observa-
tion goes, I think that was his chief merit, or
rather was the least of his demerits. Jt is true, it
seemed to controvert the policy of the Adminis-
tration, whose policy, 1 think, was wise. It was
wise as indicated by the act of Congress of August
last. The President thought very properly—and
I concur with lnm in that respcct—it was wise
and safe to go no further than Congress saw fit to
go, and that it was proper his generals should fol-
low in the footsteps of their master rather than
undertake to precede him.
What is the charge ? It is that the pro-slavery
men of the country have such an all-controlling
influence over the present Administration—Sew-
ard, Blair & Co.—as to cause them to move out
of office a very meritorious man, because he was
a little too anti-slu\eiy in his notions. Why,
upon what times have we fallen ! Those humble
disciples who have followed with doubtful steps
our great leaders have already got before their
master. This may all be right; but it is, at least,
a little extraordinary.
I beg pardon of the House for delaying it these
few moments. There was nothing further from
my purpose than to interfere at ail with this de-
bate. Although I ought probably to have known
something; about military affairs, I am not one of
those individuals who aie at all disposed to take
upon themselves the business of reviewing the
campaign or of inspecting the conduct of military
men. 44 Shoemaker, stick to your last," has been
my maxim. 1 do not pretend to be a military
critic. And when gentlemen undertake it in this
House, certainly without any definite knowledge
of all the surrounding circumstances, and, above
all, those who are without any knowledge at all
on the subject of military affairs, it seems to me
an idle waste of the time of the Hcyise. It seems
to me that the House might be more profitably
engaged in some other employment, and on sub-
jects which demand our attention.
Mr. PERRY obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. WRIGHT, who moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ;and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Hutchins reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly a bill to regulate the
franking privilege, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Union Gas-Light
Company in the city of Washington; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
And then,on motion ofMr. SHEFFIELD, (at
five o'clock and ten minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 5, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills, which had heretofore received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
A bill (H. R. No. S94) requiring the oath of
allegiance and to support the Constitution of the
United States to be administered to masters of
American vesselscleanngforforcign orotherports
during the rebellion; and
A bill (IT. R. No. 302) to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, and for other
purposes.
-EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 34th of February, information in re-
lation to contracts made by the Navy Department;
which, on motion of Mr. Hale, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a translation of an instruction to the
minister of his Majesty the King of Italy, accred-
ited to this Government, and a copy of a note to
that minister from the Secretary of State, relating
to the settlement of the question arising out of the
capture and detention of certain citizens of the
United States, passengers on board the British
steamer Trent, by order of Captain Wilkes, of
the United States Navy; which was ordered to
lie on the table,and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of a dispatch to the
Secretary of State from the minister resident of
the United States at Lisbon, concerning recent
measures which have been adopted by the Gov-
ernment of Portugal, intended to encourage the
growth and to enlarge the area of the culture of
cotton in its African possessions; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of citizens of North Lake, Wisconsin, praying
for the passage of a geneial bankiupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of the passage of
a law granting to the State of Kansas public lands
for the use of schools, ki lieu of the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections embraced in all of the Indian
country lying within the State; winch were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
