1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 9,1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Postmaster Genera], in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 8th
instant, in relation to the nature, amount, and con-
dition of the claim of Carmick & Ramsay on his
Department; which was referred to theCommittee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a
direct and positive law granting the unconditional
use of the public mails to the entire press, irre-
spective of politics or creed; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of George
Page, praying for a renewal of his patent for a
portable circular saw-mill; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BROWNING presented a petition of citi-
zens of Montezuma, Pike county, Illinois, pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal between
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river; which
was referred to theCommittee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the confiscation of the
property of traitors, and that the proceeds may
be applied to the liquidation of the debt incurred
by the war; which were referred to the select com-
mittee on the subject of confiscation.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mitteeon the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 391) to punish the practice of po-
lygamy in the Territories of the United States and
other places, and disapproving and annulling cer-
tain acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Utah, to report it back with amendments.
I shall call up the bill at as early a day as i can,
because I think it ought to be acted upon very
soon, for if the amendments are agreed to, it must
go back to the other House._ I think the Senate
will accede to the amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 354)
for the relief of Lieutenant Ulysses S. Grant,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, who were instructed by a resolution of the
Senate to inquire into the subject, reported a bill
(S. No. 306) regulating the appointment of second
lieutenants in the Marine Corps; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 357) to provide a temporary govcrn-
meni for the Territory of Arizona, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (N«. 437) to extend the territorial limits
of the Territory of Nevada.
CLEARANCES TO VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
446) supplementary to an act approved on the
13th of July, 1861, entitled " An act to provide
for the collection of duties on imports, and for
other purposes," have directed me to report the
same uack, with a recommendation that it do
pass; and I will ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to put it upon its passage now. It is
a bill of immediate and pressing importance.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, in
addition to the powers conferred upon him by the
act of the 13th July, 1861, to refuse a clearance
to any vessel or other vehicle laden with goods,
wares, or merchandise, destined for a foreign or
domestic port, whenever he shall have satisfac-
tory reason to believe that such goods, wares, or
merchandise, or any part thereof, whatever may
be their ostensible destination, are intended for
ports or places in possession or under control of
insurgents against the United States; and if any
vessel or other vehicle for which a clearance or
permit has been refused by the Secretary of the
Treasury, or by his order, departs or attempts to
depart for a foreign or domestic port without being
duly cleared or permitted, such vessel or other ve-
hicle,with her tackle, apparel, furniture, and cargo,
is to be forfeited to the United States. Whenever
a permit or clearance is granted for either a for-
eign or domestic port, it is to be lawful for the
collector of the customs granting the same, if he
shall deem it necessary, under the circumstances
of the case, to require a bond to be executed by
the master or the owner of the vessel, in a pen-
alty equal to the value of the cargo, and with sure-
ties to his satisfaction, that the cargo is to be de-
livered at the destination for which it is cleared
or permitted, and that no part thereof is to be used
in affording aid or comfort to any person or par-
tics in insurrection against the authority of the
United States,
The Secretary of the Treasury is further to be
empowered to prohibit the importation into any
port of the United States, andprevent the transpor-
tation upon any railroad, turnpike, or otherroad
or means of transportation within the United
States, of any goous, wares, or merchandise of
whatever character, and whatever may be their
ostensible destination, in all cases where there
shall be satisfactory reasons to believe that such
goods, wares, or merchandise are intended for any
place in the possession or under the control of in-
surgents against the United States; or that there
is imminent danger that such goods, wares, or
merchandise will fall into the possession or under
the control of such insurgents; and he is further
authorized, in all cases where he shall deem it
expedient so to do, to require reasonable security
to be given that goods, wares, or merchandise shall
not be transported to any place under insurrec-
tionary control, and shall not, in any way, be used
to give aid or comfort to such insurgents, and he
may establish all such general or special regula-
tions as may be necessary or proper to carry into
effect the purposes of this act; and if any goods,
wares, or merchandise shall be transported in vio-
lation of this act, or of any regulation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, established in pursuance
thereof, or if any attempt shall be made so to trans-
port them, all goods, wares, or merchandise, so
transported or attempted to be transported, are to
be forfeited to the United States.
The proceedings for the penalties and forfeitures
accruing under this act may be pursued, and may be
mitigated or remitted by the Secretary of thcTreas-
ury in the modes prescribed by the eighth and ninth
sections of the act of July 30,1861, to which this
act is supplementary. And the proceeds of all pen-
alties and forfeitures incurred under this act, or
the act to which this act is supplementary, are to
be distiibuted in the manner provided by the
ninety-first section of the act of March 2, 1799,
entitled " An act to regulate the collection of du-
ties on imports and tonnage."
Mr. KING. I ask that the section which au-
thorizes the Secretary to prevent the importation
of any goods or merchandise into any of our ports,
or to stop transportation upon any of our roads,
be read again for the information of the Senate.
There was some division of opinion in the com-
mittee upon that section. We have been accus-
tomed lately to extend very large discretionary
powers to the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, but I do not know that that is necessary.
There were some doubts in the committee about
it. 1 ask that it be read again, and I call the at-
tention of the Senate to the subject.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the Secretary of
the Tiea«uiy be. and he is hereby, fuither empowered to
prohibit tin1 impoitaiion into any pou of the United States,
and prevent the ti asportation upon unv raihoad, turnpike,
or othei load, or means of transpoiiation withm the United
States of any good'5, waies, or meiehandi<e of whatever
ehaiuclci, and whatevci may be the ostensible destination
of the same, in all ea^c^s where thete *-ha!l be s-atisfactoiy
reasons to believe that such goods, wares, or meichamLUe
aie intended for any place in the po^esvs-ion or under the
eontiol of insurgents against the United State-*, or that thete
is imminent danger that such goods, wares, or merchan-
dise will fall into the possession or under the control of such
msuigent- ; and he is fuither auilionzed. in all eases where
lie tliall deem it expedient to to do, to jpqnhe reasonable
seouiity to be given that goods, waies, or merchandise shall
not be transported to any place under insuriectionurj con- !
trol, and shall not, in any way, be used to give aid or com-
fort to such insurgents, and he may establish all such gen-
eral or special regulations as may be necessary or proper to
carry into effect the purposes of this act; and if any goods,
wares, or merchandise shall be transported in violation of-
this act, or of any regulation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, established In pursuance thereof, or If any attempt
shall be made so to transport them, all goods, wares, or
merchandise so transported or attempted to be transported
shall be forfeited to the United States. • •
Mr. CHANDLER. The difficulty in the com- -
mittee was upon this clause of the third section: '
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby'
further empowered to prohibit the importation into any pott-
of the Tinned States," &c.
I calledupon theSecretary of theTreasury this
morning, as I was instructed to do by the commit-
tee, and the explanation given for that necessity
is this: old ports are now being reopened and new
ones created ports of entry almost daily. The
Secretary of the Treasury deems it important that
he have the power to prohibit the importation of
articles contraband of war, if you please, or arti-
cles which he does not wish to go into the hands
of the enemy. By this bill, he may prohibit the
importation into these ports right on the borders
of the rebellion,of such goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, as, in his discretion, he may deem it improper-
to have placed in depot at these ports. Secondly,-
he is of the opinion that these goods, wares, or
merchandise,beingimportedupon foreign account
mostly, might be placed in depot in these ports
and surreptitiously distributed to theenemy from
these new ports. These were the two reasons
assigned for desiring this large power during the
continuance of the war. The bill is simply a war
bill, and the power will terminate when the rebel-
lion terminates.
Mr. KING. The provisions of the bill referring
to insurrectionary places and ports were,ofcourse,
limited to the duration of the present disturbances
and difficulties. It will be perccived, however, that
the power, as conferred by the language of the bill,
is much broader, and reaches to all the ports and
all the roads <s>f the United States. I have no
apprehension that this power would be abused,
yet it is a very unusual and very extended power.
There was a difference in the committee on the
subject, and we instructed our chairman to confer
with the Secretary about it, and see if some lim-
itation of the power would not accomplish all the
purposes desired, as wc believe no greater discre-
tionary power should be granted to the Executive
than is necessary and useful for the public service
and purposes. 1 thought it proper to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the point, but I shall leave
it with the Senate. The Secretary, I understand
from the chairman, says that this power is desir-
able, and of course, conscious that he does not in-
tend to abuse it, and does not regard it as danger-
ous, I shall not object to it; but it is a very unusual
power.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
consideration of the bill at the present time is su-
perseded by the special assignment for this hour,
which is a resolution offered by the Senator from
Ohio for copies of the official reports of officers of
the Army in relation to the battle at Pittsburg
Landing. That is the question now before the
Senate, superseding the consideration of this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to pass the bill now. It will
not take three minutes. There will be no further
discussion upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed with the consideration of
the bill reported by him, and that the special as-
signment be passed over informally.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If objected to
from any quarter, it cannot be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am informed that Sena-
tors desire to look into the bill forafew moments,
as it proposes an important commeicial law, and
therefore I think I had better go on with my res-
olution.
BATTLE OF BITTSBUItO LANDING.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution submitted by Mr. Sherman on the 6th
instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies of ail official report1? fiom
all officers in command, l elating to the recent battles at
Pittsbuig Landing on the 6th, 7th, and 8th days ot April
last.
