50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
the just claims of loyal persons therefrom; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS. I hold in my hand a communi-
cation from the Metropolitan Railroad Company,
proposing to construct a road, somewhat in ac-
cordance with the suggestions of the Secretary of
War in his report, from this city to Baltimore, on
terms which I think sufficiently favorable to the
Government. I have also a draft of a bill author-
izing the construction of such a road on the terms
mentioned in their proposition. I ask leave, with-
out notice, to introduce the bill and have it re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 100) to establish a mil-
itary and mail road; and it was read twice by its
title, and, with the accompanying memorial, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 101)
to increase the number of cadets in the Military
Academy at West Point; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BROWNING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
102) to amend an act entitled " An act to divide
the State of Illinois into two judicial districts,"
approved^ February 13, 1855; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing an in-
crease of the clerical force in the office of the
Adjutant General.
PAY OF SENATOR BINGHAM.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution,
of which no notice has been given.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 24) direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
widow of the late Hon. K. S. Bingham the amount
of compensation due to him at the time of his
death: and it was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CLARK. I inquire if that is necessary.
I think under the present law she gets his pay.
I examined the case of the late Mr. Douglas, and
found that the law was sufficient. We then passed
such a resolution, but we came to the conclusion
that it was not necessary.
The joint resolution was read the second time
by its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will remark that such
resolutions were formerly not in the form in which
this is now presented. Formerly the amount was
paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate; but
in the case of Mrs. Douglas, the previous form
was changed, and this is a copy of the resolution
then passed. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the consideration of the resolution to-day*
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better be
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. There is a report upon the
table of the Senate, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made during the special session, on the
memorial of Frederic P. Stanton, claiming a seat
in this body as a Senator from the State of Kan-
sas^ It has not received the action of the Senate,
but it is manifestly a subject that ought to receive
its early action. I rose for the purpose of mov-
ing a day, as early a day as will consist with the
convenience of the Senate, for its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary on the contested seat of the Senator
from Kansas.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject is now
before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I was about to move a day this
week; but a Senator on my left indicates a later
day—Monday. I am desirous to comply entirely
with the wishes of the Senate on the subject; my
only object being to get as early a day as consists
with the convenience of the Senate If Monday
is as early a day as will consist with the conven-
ience of the Senate, I will name Monday. I
would prefer an earlier day; but I do not wish to
press it against the sense of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that this is
a privileged question, relating to a seat in the Sen-
ate. It is therefore entitled to be called up at any
time.
Mr. FOSTER. It is so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I dislike to sot the prece-
dent of making a special order in relation to such
a thing that has preference always. I think it
proper enough for the gentleman to inform us that
he will call it up on Monday, if he pleases; but to
make it a special order, looks as if the thing itself
was not entitled to any precedence.
Mr. FOSTER. It was my purpose simply to
have an understanding with the Senate as to the
time at which it would meet their views to have
it called up. The suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont is certainly a very proper one. It is a
privileged question, and does not require any vote
of the Senate to make it a special order, because
it is perfectly in order to call it up at any time,
and it is entitled to priority over any other, unless
a similar question. Agreeably to the suggestion
made, I therefore give notice to the Senate that
I will, on Monday, at one o'clock, move to take
up the report of the committee on that subject for
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
now before the Senate. Will the Senator so vary
his motion as to postpone it until Monday?
Mr. FOSTER. No, sir; I simply wish to give
notice to the Senate, that at that time I shall move
to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now before the Senate. What disposition will be
made of it?
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask whether it requires
any vote of the Senate to take it up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it has no privilege
whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes it has.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I do not know what
it is. We can get up anything by motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ruling of the
Chair is, that it requires a motion to take it up;
and thatthatisa privileged motion over and above
all others; but it cannot come up without a mo-
tion. The matter is now before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. My point is gained, Mr. Pres-
ident, so far as I had one to gain, which was, to
have the Senate indicate a time when it would be
convenient for them to consider this question;
and agreeably to the intimation given, I notify
gentlemen that I will, on Monday, atone o'clock,
move to take up this subject for consideration. If
it is before the Seriate, and requires a motion to
postpone it, I shall move to postpone it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may lie on the
table.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that it lie on the table
for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BEATII OF IION. 12. D. BAKER.
The President of the United States entered the
Senate Chamber, supported by Hon. Lyman-
Trumbull and Hon. O. H. Browing, Sena-
tors from the State of Illinois; he was introduced
to the Vice President, and took a seat beside him
on the dais appropriated to the President of the
Senate. J.G. Nicolay, Esq.,and John Hay, Esq.,
Private Secretaries to the President of the United
States, took scats near the central entrance.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, the usage of
this body imposes upon me the melancholy duty
of announcing the death of my late colleague,
Edward Dickinson Baker, United States Sena-
tor from the State of Oregon, who fell gloriously
fighting under our national flag, at the head of his
command, nearLeesburg, m Virginia, on the 21st
day of last October. Mr. Baker was a native of
England; while young his family emigrated to
Philadelphia, where he resided with them for sev«
eral years, and subsequently emigrated to the
State of Illinois. He early embraced the profes-
sion of the law, and became eminent as an advo-
cate at the bar, composed of the ablest lawyers in
the West, many of whom have since achieved
honorable distinction in other pursuits.
Mr. Baker was twice chosen a Representative
to Congress from Illinois, and at the commence-
ment of the war with Mexico was selected to com-
mand a regiment of his constituents. He served
with distinction at the battle of Cerro Gordo, and
assumed the command of his brigade after the fall
of General Shields. In 1852 he went to Califor-
nia, and by his commanding ability soon secured
a fine legal practice, which he retained until he
changed his residence to Oregon. As an orator
Mr. Baker ranked high, and was peculiarly fas-
cinating in his manner and diction; as a soldier,
he was possessed of a rare aptitude for the pro-
fession of arms,combined with that cool, unflinch-
ing courage which enabled him to perform the
most arduous duties under trying circumstances,
and to lookvUpon the most fearful peril with com-
posure. We all recollect how, during the late
session of Congress, he threw his influence on the
side of his country; and when responding to what
he denominated the "polished treason" of a Sen-
ator upon this floor, he declared himself in favor
of " bold, sudden, forward, and determined war."
What he said as a Senator he was willing to do
as a soldier.
It is but a few short months since, in the pres-
ence of this body, he took upon himself a solemn
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States; that covenant has been sealed with his
heart's blood. Death has silenced his eloquence
forever; and his manly form has been consigned
to its last resting place on the shoiesof the distant
Pacific.
In the glowing eloquence of his own words, as
he stood by the grave of his friend Broderick,
"the last words must be spoken, and the im-
perious mandate of death must be fulfilled. Thus,
0 brave heart, we bear thee to thy rest. Thus,
surrounded by tens of thousands, we leave thee
to the equal grave. As in life, no other voice
among us so rang its trumpet blast upon the ear
of freemen, so in death its echoes will reverberate
amidst our mountains and our valleys until truth
and valor cease to appeal to the human heart."
Mr. President, I shall leave to others more
competent than myself to do justice to the char-
acter and many virtues of my deceased colleague;
and
" No further seek his merits to disclose,
Or draw his frailties from their dread abode;
There they alike in trembling hope repose,
The bosom of his Father and his God."
1 offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
cere desire of showing every mark of ro«pect du<  to the
memory of Hon. Edward D. Baker, deceased, late a Sen-
ator from the State of Oregon, will go into mourning by
wearing ciape on the left arm tor thiity days.
Resolved, That, as an additional matk of lespeet for the
memory of lion. Edward D. Baker, the Senate do now
adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, within
the brief period I have occupied a seaton this lloor,
I have listened to the formal announcement of the
decease of the two Senators nearest to me by the
ties of association and fj iendship, both lepresent-
ative men, and among the ablest that ever dis-
coursed counsel in this Senate.
I trust I shall be pardoned if it be thought that
there is something of pride in my claim of friend-
ship with such distinguished and not to be forgot-
ten men.
The late Senator from Illinois, as well as the
late Senator of whom I am about to speak, were
my seniors in years, and much more largely in-
structed than myself in public affairs. Differing
as they had for a period of more than a quarter
of a century, they had met together, and in the
maintenance in all its integrity of the great gov-
ernmental institution of our fathers, they were one.
Coming myself a stranger to your counsels, I
looked to them for thathome advice m which there
is no purpose of disguise or concealment.
Their loss has been, and is, to me, like the shad-
ows of great clouds; but while I have felt, and
now feel, their loss, as companions, friends, and
