20S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
•Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my purpose
in submitting this resolution is to place before the
Senate and the country, as soon as practicable,
the facts, in an authentic form, connected with the
battle of Pittsburg Landing. And, sir, I espe-
cially desire to show the part taken by the volun-
teers from Ohio in that bloody and most import-
ant contest. Like other citizens of Ohio, I felt
keenly the indiscriminate imputation cast by the
earlier accounts of the battle, especially in the
Chicago papers, upon the Ohio volunteers. This
imputation was subsequently sanctioned by an
innuendo from, a Senator from Kentucky not dis-
tinguished for his sympathy for the cause in -which
our troops are engaged. I knew very well that
when the full details of that battle were known,
that it would be found that the volunteers from
Ohio had maintained in that battle the same rep-
utation for courage, for endurance, for patriotic
devotion to duty> they had gained on every battle-
field west of the Alleghany mountains. If there
are any exceptions, if any officer or soldier from
Ohio failed to do his duty, I do notdesire to shield
him; but, ascertaining the facts, I wish to submit
his conduct to the judgment of his countrymen.
I do not wish the acts of a few to stain the honors
won by their brave comrades. I do not mean,if
I can prevent it, that the just share of Ohio in the
dangers, the sacrifices, the honors, and triumphs
of this war for national existence shall be tar-
nished by friend or foe, by the rivalry of loyal
States, or the sneers of citizens who do not and
will not share in the dangers of the battle-field.
Twenty-five regiments of Ohio volunteers were
actually engaged in that battle,, nine on Sunday,
the 6th, and the whole of them on Monday, and
several regiments were in the divisions which ar-
rived on the battle-field on Monday evening and
Tuesday, but not in time to take an effective part
in the battle. Of these, three regiments have been
singled out as deserving of censure. They are
the fifty-third, Colonel Appier; seventy-first, Col-
onel Mason; and the seventy-seventh, Lieutenant
Colonel De Hass. The fifty-third and seventy-
seventh, two of them, formed a part of the third
brigade, under Colonel Hildebrand. 11 is of these
regiments the accusation is made that they ran
without firing a gun, and which, by the indis-
criminate license of the press, has been extended
to " Ohio troops"generally. I have carefully read
all that I could find written or printed m regard
to these regiments, and as the accusation affects
deeply the honor of thousands of men who have
left their homes to defend their country, and, in-
directly, the pride of all the citizens of Ohio in
the courage of her sons, I will state as accurately
as I can ascertain the conduct of each of these
regiments.
The fifty-third regiment was recruited in several
counties along the Ohio river, chiefly from the
counties of Lawrence, Athens, Scioto, and Jack'
son, of Ohio, and Greenup, Boyd, and Lewis
counties in Kentucky. It was thus formed in a
region where the citizens areas brave, hardy, and
enterprising as in any portion of the United States.
Colonel Appier, of Portsmouth, Ohio, served with
credit as a captain in the three months volunteers,
and was recommended by General lloseoranz to
the Governor for promotion. He is a man of char-
acter and standing in his locality, having been aud-
itor and probate judge. The regiment was raw
just rccruited, and did not receive their arms until
after their arrival at Paducah, on their way to
the battle-field. This regiment was encamped 011
the extreme left of General Sherman's division,
slightly in the advance, but near to General Pren-
tiss's right wing. It consisted of about four hun-
dred and fifty effective men, two companies bem_
out on picket duty. It was here that the first at-
tack of the enemy was made. On Sunday morn-
ing the rebels advanced in force, subsequently as-
certained to be ten regiments of infantry, supported
by artillery.
I now quote from an interesting account recently
published by an intelligent gentleman from Ath-
ens, Ohio, who visited the battle-field, and details
the result of his inquiries:
"The fifty-third in the mean time had been diawn up m
line of battle by Culonel Appier. They fn^t foimed 111 from
of their camp, but as the ichels advanced upon them in
overwhelming numbets, th<y fell back to the reat of it,
where they lay undercover of the rise of ground upou which
thejr camp was stationed. As soon as the rebels advanced
within near range, they rose and Inert. They immediately
fell and reloaded, and then gave the rebels anothei volley,
when Colonel Appier gave the order 'retreat!' He then
ran for the river, and was not again seen by his men during
that day or Monday.
"Lieutenant Colonel Fulton followed the regiment in its
retreat, and rallied the men in the rear of the eighteenth
Illinois, and they fought under his command the remainder
of the day and Monday."
Colonel Hildebrand, commanding the brigade,
in his official report says:
" The fifty-third regiment, after forming in line of battle,
under my orders, fired two rounds, and immediately fell
back into the woods. It appears from the report of Colonel
Appier, that apprehending a flank movement on his left, he
ordered a retreat, but subsequently rallied ill the rear of the
eighteenth Illinois. This regiment became separated from
my command, and its movements throughout the day were
general.'3
Again, he says:
" The fifty-third regiment I have referred to already. The
regiment, under command of Colonel J. J. Appier, fell back
after two rounds under the order of Colonel Appier. Soon
afterwards, as I am informed, he left the field, and was not
with the regiment during the day or Monday. Lieutenant
Colonel Fulton, in command of the regiment, the adjutant,
and company officers generally behaved with becoming
biavery."
I do not wish to extenuate the conduct of Col-
onel Appier; but it is manifest that this regiment
simply obeyed his orders in their retreat, but not
his example. They retreated in* confusion, but
re-formed in the rear of the eighteenth Illinois.
His conduct should not tarnish the fair fame of
brave men who, no doubt, would have resisted
this attack bravely but for his order to retreat.
The impetuous charge of an attacking enemy
forced this,and, at a later period in the day, every
regiment in the frontline before it, and if the regi-
ment did not make so determined a stand as the
others, it was not the fault of the men. That it
will redeem its honor, and place its colors side by
side with the bravest, I have no doubt. A gen-
tleman perfectly conversant with the material of
the regiment, says of them:
" Of the personal bravery of the officers and men from
Athens comity, those best acquainted with them have 110
doubt. They are intelligent, highly respectable, and fear-
less. Had we been called upon to select men mo-st likely
to honor us by deeds of noble dating upon the field, they
would have been among the chosen. The fault cannot be
theirs. Consider this: that the regiment had been but a
short time in ^eiviee, being among the very last to take the
field ; that, consequently, it was imperfect in drill and dis-
cipline ; that they had never been under the enemy's fire,
and, therefoie, had yet to overcome the natural and um-
vcr^ally-cxperienced fear of raw troops exposed lor the fust
time. That they would nobly and promptly have overcome
this, under circumstanccs at all tavorable, none acquainted
with them questions."
I am now informed that Colonel Appier has
been cashiered, and the fifty-third, under another
commander, will more than expiate on the enemy
his fault and the cloud it has brought upon them.
As to the conduct of the seventy-seventh regi-
ment, the greatest misapprehension exists. The
first dispatch stated " the seventy-seventh re-
treated without firing a gun." This regiment
fought bravely on the 6th, maintaining the front
line of defense on their own ground for two hours;
nor did they fall back until completely overpow-
ered with superior numbers. Nor did they throw
away their arms or flee in disorder; but 111 con-
nection with troops from other States, continued
in the fight during Sunday and Monday, occupy-
ing their old camp on Monday night. This regi-
ment was raw and undisciplined, like the fifty-
third, scarcely familiar with the use of their arms,
except that familiarity which almost every western
man acquires with the sports of boyhood. It was
recruited in or near Marietta, on the Ohio river,
where the best blood of New England and "Vir-
ginia has mingled for two generations. It is the
concurrent testimony of ofiiceis and men that tho
fifty-seventh and seventy-seventh Ohio,although
their left flank was exposed by the retreat of the
fifty-third, maintained their advanced position
with marked courage. These regiments were
formed in line by Colonel Hildebrand, and early
in the attack advanced beyond their lines down a
hill-side, and to within one hundred yards of the
enemy, who were posted in a thick wood. Their
superior forces, however, compelled these two
regiments to fall back sooner than the brigade of
Sherman's division on their right, but not until
they had contested the foe for at least two hours.
The only wonder is, that law troops, who had
their arms only three or four weeks, should have
made so sturdy a defense against superior num-
bers.
The seventy-seventh regiment lost two hundred
and twenty-one in killed, wounded, and missing,
ample evidence of the severity of the contest. Few
regiments can show a more fearful loss than this.
It is true that in the pursuit on Tuesday follow-
ing, the official report of General Sherman con-
demns the conduct of this regiment severely. I
will place General Sherman's report side by side
with Colonel Hildebrands:
General Sherman says Colonel Hildebrand
of the pursuit on Tues- says:
day:
" About half a mile from " On the 8th instant, in
the forks was a clear field, compliance with your oider,
through which the road I marched my brigade, ae-
passed, and immediately be- eompanied by a large cav-
yond a space of some two airy force, also by Colonel
hundred yards of fallen tim- Buckland's brigade, on the
her, and beyond an extensive Corinth road, about four
camp. The "enemy's cavalry miles from camp. Halting
could be seen in this camp, in an open field, skirmishers
and after a reconnoissance, weie thrown forward, who
I ordered the two advance discovered rebel cavalry in
companies of the Ohio sev- considerable force, exhibit-
enty- seventh, Colonel Hilde- ing a disposition to fight,
brand, to deploy as skirmish- The skiunishers lmmedi-
ers, and the regiment itself ately fired upon them, when
forward intoline, with an m- the se.venty-seventh regi-
terval of one hundred yards, ment, under command of
I11 this order J advanced cau- Lieutenant Colonel De Hass,
tiously, until the skirmishers was ordered up to support
were engaged. Taking it them. Soon after forming
for granted this disposition in line a large body of cav-
would clear the camp,!held airy made a bold and dash-
Colonel Dickey's fourth 11- ing charge on the skirmish-
hnois cavalry ready for the ers and the whole regiment,
charge. The enemy's cav- So sudden and rapid was the
ahy came down boldly to the charge, shooting our men
charge, breaking through the with carbines and revolvers,
line of skirmishers, when that they had not time to re-
the regiment of infantry, load, and fell back, hoping
without cause, bioke, threw our cavalry would cover the
away their guns and fled, retreat. Unhappily, our cav-
The ground was admirably airy were not sufficiently
adapted to a defense of in- near to render essential as-
fantry against cavalry, the sistance. The rebel cavalry
ground being miry and cov- literally lode down the in-
ered with fallen timber. fantry, shooting, sabering,
" As the regiment of in- and trampling them under
fantry broke, Dickey's cav- foot. We sustained a loss
ahy began to discharge their in killed, wounded, and
carbines, and fell into disor- missing of fifty-seven. Nine-
der. I instantly sent orders teen were killed on the spot,
to the rear for the brigade to thirty wounded, and the bal-
form line of battle,which was ance missing; of the latter
promptly executed. The two captains and one second
broken infantry and cavalry lieutenant. Captain A. W.
rallied on this line, and as the McCormick,- Captain A.
enemy's cavalry came to it, Chandler, and Lieutenant
our cavalry in turn charged Criswell."
and drove them from the
field. I advanced the entire
brigade upon the same
gtound, and sent Colonel
Dickey's cavalry a mile fur-
ther 011 the road."
It is obvious, from a comparison of these re-
ports, that this raw regiment of volunteers, al-
ready weakened by detachments for skirmishing
and by loss and fatiguein two days' hard fighting,
had to meet an impetuous attack from cavalry,an
attack more than any other dreaded by undisci-
plined troops. General Sherman may have been
conscious of the advantage the character 0/ the
ground and the fallen timber gave them over cav-
alry, and experienced troops would no doubt have
availed themselves of this advantage. But, sir,
was it reasonable to expect this of troops like
these, exhausted by two days'battle, and, per-
haps, seeing for the first time an impetuous at-
tack of cavalry? I do not think so. Regular
troops, taught by discipline that infantry well
posted can always resist the attack of cavalry,
might have repelled this charge; but 1 cannot
see in the statement of either of those officers any
just ground of accusation against the courage of
this regiment. And, sir, I will not be accused of
partiality when I say that in my judgment the
language of General Sherman is too severe a cen-
sure for such a repulse, and at any rate Colonel
Dickey's Illinois cavalry are involved in the same
censure.
The seventy-first regiment was one of the last
recruited in Ohio. It was recruited in the western
part of the State, chiefly in Clark, Miami, Logan,
and other adjacent counties. The materiel of this
regiment is fully equal to any raised in Qhio.
When they passed through Cincinnati to the field
of conflict they excited attention for the fine ap-
pearance of the men. They were strong, active,
healthy soldiers, most of them farmers, accus-
tomed to out-door work, and admitted to be the
best material for an army. That such a regiment
shouldshow cowardice is impossible. I regret that
1 have not been able to seethe official reports of the
brigade of which it formed a part, so that an au-
thentic statement might be made of the accusation
