2992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28.
dicial. They are inherently weak, and we cannot too care-
fully guard against encroachments upon their prerogatives
by the legislative department."
When General Jackson sent his protest to this
body against the action of the Senate in a certain
case, Daniel Webster and Henry Clay did not
talk as the Senator from Illinois talks about the
encroachments of the legislative power of this
Government, They declared that the liberties of
this country, if they were defended at all, must
be defended by the immediate representatives of
the people. The sovereignty of this nation lies
buried with the people of this country. It is not m
the President, nor is it in the judicial department
of the Government. It rests with the people.
Theyselecttheirimmediatespokesmen; they send
their representatives to the great council of the
nation. Those representatives come with their
charter and their commission from the people
themselves; they get it not from any other power;
and it is an absurdity for tile Senator from Illi-
nois, or the Senator from Pennsylvania, to de-
clare that there is danger of encroachment upon
the rights of the people from their immediate and
chosen representatives.
Perhaps, sir, I have consumed more time in al-
luding to this obnoxious, this offensive doctrine
promulgated by the Senator from Illinois, than its
importance really demands. Were there any great
number of members in the Senate Chamber or in
the other House who advocated such a doctrine,
perhaps it would be proper to consider it more at
• length.
These being my views, I believe in the right
and power of Congress to pass the bill as it c;nne
from the flouse of Representatives, confiscating
thepropeity of rebels and traitors whoaru in amis
against the Government. Believing that Congress
has the right to exercise this power, I am in favor
of its immediate exercise by Congress; and I am
therefore opposed to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire. I do not regard the
bill of the Semite select committee which he has
moved as tin amendment, as efficient as the one
that has been sent to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
And now, Mr. President, permit me to say that
if we leave this Chamber, if we adjourn this Con-
gress and go home to our people who are borne
down with grief and sorrow, holding the tax bill
in our hands, and say to them, " you must mourn
in silence over the graves of your children, you
must pay the enormous taxes necessary to carry
on this war; but the necessity did not exist for us
to compel your wicked enemies to contiibute their
portion of the vn&t expense; do not give vent,
good people, to your suflerings; pay yonr money;
we must be kind and merciful and conciliatory to
these murderers, traitors, and worse than crim-
inals; but you must sul]er and submit in silence."
The Senators from Illinois and Pennsylvania
may go to tlieir constituents wall these words of
consolation upon their hps, but I declare I never
will. I am tor stripping these rebels of every-
thing they possess, and I am for turning it over
to indemnify our people in some degree for the
terrible sufferings which they have sustained. We
cannot give them back the lives of their children,
of their brothers, and of their husbands; but we
can do something to convince them that we, at
least, sympathize with tliem in the conflict in which
they h<i ve been engaged.
Mr. COWAN. 1 bad not intended to say a
single word further in this debate, but 1 cannot
allow the ivmailis which have fallen from the
honouvbie Senator from Minnesota to go to the
count) y without at least a denial as to the general
views they contain. I am as much interested in
suppressing this rebellion, and I should say per-
haps five or six times as much interested in re-
lievingmy people from the taxes which they must
necessarily pay in Older to carry on this war, as
theSenatoi from Minnesota, becausethcy wilipay
five or six times as much as his people.
Mr. HARRIS. Fifty times as much.
Air. COWAN. Perhaps fifty times as much,
as suggested by the Senator from Now York.
Silt, Mr. President, while Jam thus interested, it
strikes me it is not a question as to our motives.
I am perfectly free to admit that the Senator from
Minnesota is governed by as honest and as just
motives as any other Senator on this floor; but I
deny that Ins method of suppressing this rebel-
lion 18,111 my opinion, the best one. He says
that we are in favor of dealing leniently with trai-
tors, Why, sir, I have not heard a word of that
kind uttered upon this floor on the part of any
Senator whatever. The Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Browning,] and myself, have insisted stren-
uously and I think fairly that theloyal people of
the southern States ought to be dealt with len-
iently; that they ought not to be classed as traitors,
and that the^ ought not to be visited with the
punishments which are due only to traitors.
There are but two methods of dealing with this
rebellion. One of them is to proceed against it
without any regard whatever to the wishes, feel-
ings, or opinions of the people of the border States
within which slavery prevails, who have repre-
sentatives on this floor; the other is to endeavor,
if possible, to build npandestablishandstrengthen
a Union party in those States—indeed in all the
slave States—which, when its efforts are seconded
by ours, and by the military force of the country,
we may be able to suppress the rebellion. I be-
lieve in that latter doctrine. I believe that this
rebellion can only be suppressed,and successfully
suppressed, by our joining hands with the Union
men of the southern States, by consulting them,
and their advice and their opinions, as to the best
methods of achieving this great result. As I un-
derstand the Senator from Minnesota, and the
school to which he belongs, he asserts that their
opinions are of no value; that we have followed
in their lead too long, &e.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know by what
authority the Senator from Pennsylvania states
that 1 hold that we are not to pay any attention to
the wishes of the Union men of the South. If
the Senator will permit me, I will relate a circum-
stance that occurred in one of these rebellious
States, as told me the other day by a gentleman
from Knoxville, Tennessee. He was taken, with
thirty other persons, private citizens, placed un-
der the boiler-deck of one of the little stern-wheel
river steamboats, where the hold was but three
feet, where they could not sit upright, even, kept
four or five days in that situation, taken down
South, put in prison, and that it cost him and two
other men $2,500 to obtain their release at Rich-
mond. Now, the point which he made to me was
this: said lie, " if you do not punish these rebels
by some bold, decisive act on the part of the Gov-
ernment, it is useless for us to attempt to remain
in the country; we shall have to leave it." That
man was n brother-in-law of Mr. Brownlow.
Mr. SUMNER. I have letters to the same
effect.
Mr. WILKINSON. Sir, we do sympathize
with the Union men of that country.
Mr. COWAN. True, Mr. President; and the
bold, decisive strokes which we are in favor of
making in heluilfofthatgentlemf.il and others in
like situation, is to employ the military force of
this country in war to suppress this rebellion; and
so far as the municipal power of this Government
is concerned, we intend to hang on a gallows, if
you please, as high aa Hamuli's, nil those who
are convicted mid are really guilty of instigating it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not desire to inter-
rupt the Senator, but I wish to state another
thing that gentleman told me. Ho was a very
intelligent gentleman. He said they wanted a
Tennessee man to command the forces in Ten-
nessee, and he gave this as a reason: "your offi-
cers will not punish these guerrillas as they ought
to be punished, but if you will give us one of our
men arid letoui Union men who have been robbed
and plundered take up their muskets against them,
we will see that they are taken care of as they
ought to be." The difficulty is that our soldiers
in the field do not punish traitors; and thatis what
we are complaining about. They protect them;
they guard their property; they shield them from
barm, while they leave the Union men to be
robbed ami plundered by the traitors who are in
arms against the Government.
Mr. COWAN. I do not understand it to be
proposed as the effect of this bill that it will cor- j
reet that mischief. That, if it be a mischief at
all, is lo be corrected in an entirely different quar-
ter. I do not suppose honorable Senators here
think that^we have any power to compel the com- |
mander of our armies to do the things which are '
required to be done by these people who have
been injured. That is all regulated by law, and
a law which is as well fixed, as well settled, as any
law can be in the world; a law which is in war
operative upon both belligerents, paramount, far
paramount, to any law we could pass on the sub-
jeet.
But to come back, the Senator from Minnesota
says 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to mingle in
this debate; but I should like to ask my friend a
question.
Ml1. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask him whether
there is not in war a law of retaliation; whether
he does not know that the enemies of this coun-
try now in arms against it have not only seized
the property of Union men, and confiscated and
sequestered, but imprisoned and robbed them;
and whether we can wage war against such en-
emies with such mild implements as my friend
would use ? It is impossible; and therefore—and
for that reason alone—as an element t)f warfare
against men who have resorted to every means of
warfare, I will resort to confiscation or any other
measure of warfare. That is my ground.
Mr. COWAN. That question has been an-
swered at least twenty times upon this floor. I
am not so certain whether this will not be the third
or fourth time that I myself have answered it. I
say that in war we have a right to retaliate. If
the rebels will murder prisoners, we have a right
to murder prisoners, too—not to establish the mur-
der of prisoners as a rule of war, but to prevent
them from making it one. If the rebels will take
and destroy private property in this war, then we
have a right to retaliate and destroy private prop-
erty for the same reason. But, Mr. President, the
true question lies beyond all that. Who is to
determine that? Who is to determine when this
retaliatory law is to come into play? This Con-
gress? Sir, it is absurd.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend an-
other question.
Mr. COWAN. Perhaps the Senator had bet-
ter wait until I answer the first one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask him if this
question, whether Congress or the President has
this power, has not been discussed in the Senate
by every member of the Senate, and every opin-
ion expressed upon it that possibly could be?
I ask him whether, that being the only question
in dispute between Senators voting on these dif-
ferent propositions, it has not already been dis-
cussed not only five or six times, but fifty or
sixty times?
, Mr. COWAN. I claim the right to retaliate on
my honorable friend the Senator from Ohio, that
if it has been discussed so often and so frequently,
and everybody has expressed his opinion upon
it, why did he ask me the question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply to remind the Sen-
ator that it was not a new question. I was very
desirous of getting a vote; and that was really my
motive.
Mr. COW AN. Then I simply desire to remind
the Senator of the answer that has been so often
given to him; and his memory may be presumed
to be as good as mine, and I have no doubt it is.
But, to come back to the question: some of us
are arraigned here because it is alleged we do
things which are calculated to encourage this re-
bellion, and add to its strength. That I utterly
deny. I suppose no man will be bold enough to
say, or even to hint—he ought not, at least, in
fairness—that we intend to do any such thing.
We all desire to put down the rebellion. I am
charitable enough to suppose that desire exists
with all loyal men everywhere. The question is,
how is it to be done? Some of us think, as I said
before, that it is to be done by conciliating the
people of the States within which the rebellion
prevails in order to achieve our purpose. What
do we want for that purpose? Is it not friends?
The more friends we have, the more friends we
make, are we not the more certain at last to suc-
ceed in our enterprise? Would gentlemen be will-
ing to avow that they desired to make enemies
in the border States? Certainly they would not.
There is no man but would say that he desires to
have all Maryland, all Kentucky, all Tennessee,
and all Missouri upon our side. I think no man
Will deny but that they are essential to our suc-
cess. How, then, are we to get Tennessee, Mis-
souri, Kentucky, Maryland, Western Virginia,
and North Carolina upon uur side? Are we to
do it by violating the will and the wisii of the
people of those States? Surely not; 110 one can
