2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
represent a small State. I have heard the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, in every speech which he
has made here for some two or three weeks past,
boast of the size of his State and Die number of
troops she has sent into the field. _ The State ot
Minnesota is very small, but I wish to inform
the Senator from Pennsylvania that her troops
have been in every battle which has been fought
east of the Mississippi river. Can the Senator
from Pennsylvania say as much as that 
Mr. COWAN. I have made no reflection upon
Minnesota or her troops, or the size of the State,
or anything of that kind. I merely alluded to it
because the Senator alludes to me and my State,
and makes a personal reference in regard to what
I and others shall do when we go back to the
people of our States.
dr. DOOL1TTLE. I will ask my friend from
Minnesota and my friend from Pennsylvania to
allow me to say n single woid in relation to this
matter.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have but a word to say,
and then 1 will give way. The Senator has al-
luded, in almost every speech lie luis made, to the
size of the Slate of Pennsylvania. Everybody
knows it is a great Slate. Bin, sir, does that give
the Senator any more importance hi1 it: than if he
represented a small State? Docs it make his views
any more correct and right, or any more just, than
if he represented the little insignificant State of
Minnesota? I tell that Senator the people whom
I represent have been in every battle tought east
of the Mississippi river, and I apprehend they
will be in every battle which will be fought here-
after. They have come west of the Mississippi
river, and have stayed hero on the hanks of the
Potomac for over a year. They have been in
pretty much every battle, with the exception of
two or three, which lias been fought since this
war commenced, and they will continue there. I
do not claim any credit forthis. I did not make
the remarks I made because I was a representa-
tive of Minnesota, but a representative of a State
in the Congicss of the United States. I speak as
much for the people and the soldiers of Pennsyl-
vania as for the soldiers of Minnesota-, and I will
say here, and now, when he assumes to represent
the soldiers of Pennsylvania, tliatj in my humble
judgment, nineteen twentieths of those soldiers
repudiate his doctrine. If the question could be
tested, the result would be similar to the recent
election taken on the constitution of the State of
Illinois, wheie the troops from Egyfit, even, as it
is called in that State, turned around and repudi-
ated the men who advocate the doctrine ol Lhe
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. 1 am responsible for keeping
in line with the soldiers from Pennsylvania, and
J shall not inquire of any other gentleman as to
whether 1 am strictly in that line or not. I will
take the responsibility myself. 1 think! know
what those soldiers mean, and what they intend;
and I think I know, besides, what the people of
Pennsylvania mean and what they intend*, and 1
shall do my best to represent them. 1 have no
reflection to make upon the gallBnt little State
which the gentleman represents, or her soldiers,
because I believe they arc as brave men as there
are in the Army. 1 have not a doubt of it; and I
would not have thought of alluding to it at all if
he had not invited me to go home and meet my
people, as if he expected lhat there I would be
encountered with the ghosts of the slain upon our
fields of battle, which I by my policy had con-
tributed to bring about. 1 have only to say , let
the Senator go* to his home and meet the spirits
of his departed dead, and ask himself honestly,
upon his conscience, whether the measures which
he advocates to put down this rebellion—and I have
no doubt he does it as honestly as 1 advocate mine
—whether they are better than mine, or whether
mine are not sucli as could be advocated by honest
and true men, as honest and true as himself.
That is all I ask.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. The suggestion I desired
to make was tins: after what we heard yester-
day from the honorable Senator who has charge
of the financial measures of the country, and the
imminent danger that in a few days we shall be
without a quorum m the Senate, 1 rose to appeal
to our friends all around the Chamber that we
might come to a vote on this question. For my-
self 1 should be very glad to join in this debate;
there are many things 1 should like to say; but I
forbear entirely from doing it. It is usual for the
debate on a question to be concluded by the chair-
man of the committee having it in charge, and it
has been suggested to me that the Senator from
New Hampshire might desire to occupy a briet
time, perhaps half an hour, to present his views
on this question. I hope that after he has done so,
the debate will be closed, and that then we shal
take the vote. That is the suggestion I desired
to make. , T,
Mr. CLARK. I will say what I have said two
or three times, thatl had prepared myself, as any-
body may see, with an infliction on the Senate;
and I may say, as Sam Weller said," if Jl"8 g°es
on much longer, 1 shall feel myself called upo"
to rise and address the cheer." [Laughter.] Butl
do appeal to our friends that we may be permitted
to come to a vote. If I may be permitted a mo-
ment longer, I will state that a friend called at my
room this morning, and inquired, " what are you
going to have up to-day, Mr. Clark.' The
same subject wc had up yesterday, and we were
divided." " Yes," he replied, " I saw that you
were; you were contending there in the Senate
whether the President hat! all power or whether
Congress had all power." " No," said I, " we
were debating the subject of confiscation.
" Why," said he, " I did not hear the word ut-
tered; 1 did not know you had the subject up."
We have gone on with pretty much the same de
bate this morning. Of course Senators have the
right to pursue it, as far as they choose; but I sug-
gest that wc be allowed to come early to a vote.
Mr. BROWNING. It will be for a very_ brief
.iine indeed that I shall delay a vote; but when a
persistent effort is made to induce the Senate and
the country to believe that theSenator from Penn-
ylvaniaand myself are in sympathy with treason
and the advocates of rebels, I do not feel like
quietly submitting to the imputation. There is
very little in what the Senator from Minnesota
_ Jd that I care to take any notice of; but he
serts in very distinct terms that we are in sympa-
thy with treason and the advocates of rebellion
There is one good purpose the Senatorfrom Penn
sylvaniaand myself have subserved by being here
but for our presence there would have been a vei y
sad destitution of materials for speeches in some
quarters on this floor.
Now, sir, as to all this talk of Senators about
paying the expenses of the war by this bill, or that
wc arc opposed to any measures that are calcu-
lated to inflict injury on the rebels, to cripple them
in their means of prosecuting the war, and to in-
crease our own means, every speech that either of
us has made has been to urge upon the Senate and
the country the use of all the most powerful and
cfEcientmcans that are placed at our command for
tho purpose of putting down the rebellion, pun-
ishing treason, and, if necessary, for the purpose
of stripping them of all the property they possess.
Are paper manifestoes theSenator's mode of fight-
ing the war? Does he expect to march against
the rebels with his paper bullets that he manufac-
tures here, alone? He speaks of our being in
gigantic war. Are we to put down that war by
paper bulletins that we issue here; or are we to
do it by the strong arm of the military and naval
power of the Government? Why, sir, when we
march our armies, wherever we march them, wc
may take without stint or limitation all property
of every kind and character that is subject to seiz-
ure and confiscation under the law; and when we
have done it, we do not need your paper bulletins
to aid us; and unless we do march and take it, all
that you put upon paper is a nullity. They laugh
you to scorn, if that is the best showing of power
that you can make against them. As to paying
the expenses of the war, pass this bill, put it in
execution as far as you can, and you will never
realize from it enough to pay the expenses of its
administration.
Now, sir, when the Senator from Minnesota
charges that the Senator from Pennsylvania and
myself are in sympathy with treason, and advo-
cate the rebellion, I am bound, in candor and in
fairness, to suppose that he believes it.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator does not
mean that 1 said so.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not profess to use
your words. You said it substantially.
Mr. WILKINSON. I said no such thing.
Mr. BROWNING. Well, you believe no such
thing, I apprehend.
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; I did not mean
to say that I believed it; for I do not believe that,
in the common acceptation of the term, either the
Senator from Illinois or the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is in sympathy with this rebellion; nor
did I say any such thing.
Mr. BROWNING. Does the Senator mean to
be understood that either the Senator from Penn-
sylvania or myself is less determined in hostility
to treason and rebellion, and less earnest in pur-
pose to suppress them than he is?
Mr WILKINSON. The Senator asks me
the question. I suppose he wishes me to answer.
I will state that I cannot say that they are; but
they have a very curious way of showing their
earnestness. . .
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir; m his opinion.
In my opinion he has a most fantastic mode or
showing his earnestness. That is the only dif-
ference. But, sir, that constitutes no basis tor an
imputation on our motives; noneatall. lnegcn-
tleman is beatified at the thought that I do not
utter the sentiments of the President of the Uni-
ted States on this floor. I never assumed to utter
the sentiments of the President, I profess to
peak my own sentiments, and my own senti-
ments only. The Senator does assume to be the
mouthpiece of the President; and I deplore, and
the country will deplore, to be convinced that he
speaks by authority. I have no authority, and
I assume none, to express the sentiments of the
President, or of any other person upon the floor
of this Chamber, except my own.
Mr. WILKINSON. I cannot submit to the
Senator making such a remark about me as that.
I do not assume to be the mouthpiece of the Pres-
ident. I did not say anything further in my re-
marks than that the President had pronounced his
opinion in a formal paper issued by him, and I
have a l-iglit to judge of that paper and no further;
and 1 demur now entirely and object to the Sen-
ator's right to accuse mfe of pretending to speak
for the President. I did no such thing.
Mr. BROWNING. The Senator said he re-
oiced with exceeding joy that the sentiments I
had uttered upon this floor were not in harmony
with the sentiments of the President.
Mr. WILKINSON. Exactly; and I based that
upon the proclamation of the President written
and published to the world.
Mr. BROWNING. I had arightto infer from
the manner in which he said it, that he was au-
thorized to say my sentiments were not in har-
mony with those of the President. I never inquired
whether they were or not; but judging from his
public course, judging from ail that he has said
on the subject, 1 am authoiized to infer that his
sentiments are in perfect harmony with my own;
and I believe the country would rejoice to know
that there was more of sympathy between the
Administration of the country and myself than
there was between the Senator from Minnesota
and the Administration.
Now, he infers from the approval of the bill that
was passed in last July the assent and indorse*
ment of the Administration to the bill now before
us; and he is prompted by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Summer,] to say that the prin-
ciple of the two bills is the same, and thereupon
he says it. The bill of July last, to the extent that
it went, was simply declaratory of what the law
before was. It introduced no new principle and
no new rule. It was only declaratory of what the
law of nations before was, and it did not attempt
or purport to interfere with the President's au-
thority in the control of the'Army and the con-
duct of the war. It only declared that property
used for the purposes of the lebellion should be
subject to confiscation. It was no more the law
after it had passed here and received the sanction
of the President than it was the lav/ before. As I
have already said, while I know it would be vain
and utterly useless to do it, it would, amount to
nothing, I am still willing, if it is thought neces-
sary to do so, to reenact every single law of na-
tions that is applicable to our present condition.
But, sir, it puts us in no better position than we
are in now. It does npt increase our powers; it
does not increase our means; it gives us no new
facilities for the prosecution of the war, and no
new aids for the successful termination of the war.
There, was not the remotest analogy between the
bill of July and the bill now under consideration,
either in principle or in detail.
