1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fear and rcspect him, and, in the collisions of life's
battle, may have given something of the impres-
sion of harshness of temper; but in the domestic
circle, amid the social throng, and under friend-
ship's genial and enchanting influences, he was
as gentle and confidingin his affectionsasa woman,
and as tender and trustful as a child.
Senator Baker was notonly alawyer,anorator,
a statesman, and a soldier, but he was also a poet,
and at all times, when deeply in earnest, both
spolce and acted under high poetic inspiration.
At one time, when I traveled upon the same cir-
cuit with him and others who have since been
renowned in the history of Illinois, it was no un-
common thing, after the labors of the day in court
were ended, and forensic battles had been lost
and won, for the lawyers to forget the asperities
which had been engendered by the conflicts of
the bar in the innocent if not profitable pastime of
writing verses for the amusement of each other
and their friends; and I well remember with what
greater facility than others he could dash from his
pen effusions sparkling all over with poetic gems;
and if all that he has thus written could be col-
lected together, it would make no mean addition
to the poetic literature of our country. Its beauty,
grace, and vivacity would certainly redeem it
from oblivion.
Yet he did notaspire to the character of a poet,
but wrought the poetic vein only for the present
amusement of himself and intimate friends, and I
am not aware thatany of the productions of which
I speak ever passed beyond that limited circle.
They were not perpetuated by " the art preserv-
ative of all other arts."
The same thing is true of his forensic efforts,
many of which were distinguished by a brilliancy,
power, and eloquence, and a classic grace and
purity that would have done honor to the most
renowned barrister; but which live now only in
the traditions of the country. Stenography was,
at that day, an unknown art in Illinois, and writing
out a speech would have been a prodigality of time
and labor of which an Illinois lawyer was prob-
ably never guilty.
To Senators who were his cotcmporaries here,
and who have heard the melody of his voice, who
have witnessed his powerful'and impassioned
bursts of eloquence, and felt the witchery of the
spell that he has thrown upon them, it were vain
for me to speak of his displays in this Chamber.
It is no disparagement to his survivors to say
that he stood the peer of any gentleman on this
floor in all that constitutes the able and skillful
debater, and the classical, persuasive, and en-
chanting orator.
But his clear and manly voice shall be heard in
these halls no more. Never again shall these
crowded galleries hang breathless on his words;
never again the thronging multitudes who gath-
ered where'er he spoke be thrilled by the magic
of his eloquence. The voice that could soothe to
delicious repose, or rouse to a tempest of passion,
is now hushed forever. The heart once so fiery
brave lies pulseless in the tomb, and all that is
left to his country or his home is the memory of
what he was.
I will not attempt, Mr. President, to speak poor,
cold words of sympathy and consolation to the
stricken hearts of his family. I know, sir, how
bitter and immedicable their anguish is. I know,
sir, how it rends the heart-strings, all willing
though we be, to lay our loved ones as sacrifices
even on our country's altar. The death-dealing
hand of war has invaded my own household and
slain its victim there,and I know that words bring
no healing to the grief which follows these be-
reavements. The heart turns despairingly away
from "honor's voice," which provokes not the
silent dust, and from the flatteries which cannot
" Soothe the dull, cold car of death;"
and the spiiits ebb, and
"Lite's enchanting scenes their lustei lose,
And less.cn m our sight."
Time alone can bring healing on its wing.
"Time ! the beautifier of the dead.
Adoiner of the ruin, eomtbitcr
And only healer when the heart hatll bled"—
can alone mitigate, chasten, and sanctify the crash-
ing sorrow. And not till after Time has done its
gentle work, and stilled the tempest of feeling,
can the sorrowing hearts around his now desolate
hearthstone find consolation in remembering how
worthily he lived, and how gloriously he died—
that he is "fortune's now,and fame's,"and that
when peace, on downy pinion, comes again to
bless our troubled land, and all hearts have re-
newed their allegiance to the beneficent Govern-
ment for which he died, history will claim him as
its own, and canonize him in the hearts of his
countrymen as a heroic martyrin the great cause
of human rights, and chronicle his deeds on pages
illuminated with the gratitude of freemen, and as
imperishable as the love of liberty,
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, Pennsylvania
also droops her head among the States that mourn
on this occasion. She too sheds her tears and utters
her wail of lamentation over the fall of the Senator
and soldier. She was his foster-mother. A na-
tional orphan, in his infancy and youth she was
his guardian for nurture. Perhaps he had no rec-
ollection of any other country he could call his
"native land" but Pennsylvania, and she loved
him as though ho had been actually to her " man-
or born." He died under her regimental flag,
bearing her commission, and leading her soldiers
in the deadly strife. She therefore laments his
heroic and untimely death with a grief that yields
to that of none else in its depth and intensity.
Let Oregon, his last and fondest love, steep her-
self m sorrow as she may, Pennsylvania still
claims an equal place at her side in this national
manifestation of distress at his loss. She can
hardly now realize that in his life he was not all
her own, since he died so near her, and was
carried from the battle-field borne upon her shield.
It is not my purpose either to speak of the
virtues and accomplishments which adorned the
private life of Colonel Baker, or to enter into the
detail of his public services to the country; all that
has been done by his old and cherished friends,
as they only could do it; and the tribute to his
worth they have offered here to-day is m itself a
noble monument to his memory.
It was not my fortune to have known him per-
sonally for a long time; and I shall endeavor only
to give the impression he made upon me, and I
think also upon the public, by his well-known
career in such widely different situations.
This man had a remarkable life; and his his-
tory is strikingly illustrative of that of his race.
He was evidently of pure English blood; at home
anywhere on the globe, with a strong desire to
be dominant wherever he was. To such a one
the American continent, with its restless popula-
tion, furnished the theater exactly suited to his
tastes and abilities; and had they not been here,
he would have brought them if he could. They
were an emigrating and colonizing people, and he
was a man eminently of that sort; so that where
ever they went he was sure to be in the van to
lead them. He would have lived all over the
world had it been possible, and ho would have
carried with him his civilization and favorite in-
stitutions.
Born in London, his first voyage was across
the Atlantic in his earliest infancy. During his
youth his home was in Philadelphia; then his
next move is away across the Alleghanies; and
his young manhood is passed upon the great west-
cm prairies; but not content, he departs from
thence, and in riper age—in his prime—he is be-
yond the great deserts and the Rocky Mountains,
dwelling 011 the shores of the Pacific. He had
leaped the continent.
Nor did he wander always along isothermal
lines, but with the boldest of his race he extended
his range from the great lakes of North America to
the Caribbean sea. lie had tried causes nearly as
far north as Chicago, and he had helped to build
a railroad across the Isthmus of Darien. Ho had
raised regiments in Illinois and had led them to
battle in the gorges and on the high plateaux of
the Mexican Cordilleras. No climatic differences
seemed to deter him, and he trod the torrid with
the same fearless freedom he did the temperate
zone. No matter to him where his tent was pitched,
whether 011 the cool and salubrious banks of the
upper Mississippi, or on the stilling and pestilen-
tial banks of the Chagres, it was all one. He had
settled on the plain of Tacubaya beside the failing
sea of Anahuao nearly as soon as beside the snow-
I clad mountains which overhang the Columbia
i river. All these seduced I11111 by the very novelty
! of their dangers. Had he lived in olden times,
i he had been a viking, a sea-rover, and had come
down with Hengist and Horsa, skilled nv the
Sagas, and knowing the Runes by heart; or 'be
might, perhaps, have come over with Eric tlife
Red, because anything that was noble, dangerbus*,
and difficult had such charms for. him that he
sought it as naturally as he would jhave sought
food when he was hungry.. . This was his Saxo-
Norman nature, and to gratify its. cravings he
would have been delighted to have gone to* the
Holy Land with the Crusaders, or to have led 4
company of free lancers in the wars of Italy. ,
He was also a man of intellect—cool," clear,
sharp, and ready; his culture was large.wi^out
being bookish; he was learned without being a
scholar, and studious without being a student.
He acquired that which he thought useful to him.,
and he had it all at his fingers' ends; and his
first glance was so keen that it servedhim as welt
as an hour's gaze—perhaps better. It cannot
be doubted that he was a great criminal lawyer,
great by force of his reason rather than by the
illumination of the books; and no jury could well
withstand his eloquence. He was a true orator,
because he confined himself to his subject; and
expressing himself with such ease that all under-
stood him, he was effective. He did not seem .to
trouble himself so much as to whether he was
following a classic model as whether he was get-
ting everybody to believe just as he did. He never
went out of his way for effect; therefore he pro-
duced effects. Drawing the sentiments he uttered
as they welled up fresh from his soul, the pitchers
of hisaudience were all filled, and they wentaway
satisfied. He had no art because he had the
highest art, that ofsimplicity. A11 those who heard
him thought he was saying just what they would
have said could they have stolen his wondrous
power of speech.
At the hustings he must have been unrivaled;
and it is no wonder lie was the idol of the people
wherever he went. A man with such human
sympathies and such rare gifts, co.uld not fail to
find some response in every heart. He had a fine
personal appearance, and his manners were self-
possessed and easy as actual contact with all
ranks of men could make them. He was also a
brave man, physically and morally, and although
it is said that before his last terrific battle, he had
heard the weird song of the fatal sisters and felt
that Ins doom impatiently awaited him, yet he
bore himself as gallantly in the fight as if 011
parade; and true to his instincts as a soldier and
gentleman, his last moment on the earth was
loaded with the double duty of directing the battle
and giving cheer and condolence to the officers
and soldiers who were maimed and bleeding about
him. Still Heaven was kind; he was saved all
lingering torture, for his life went out through a
dozen wounds, any one of which had been mortal.
He is gone—whether the victim of man's folly,
or of inexorable fate, is for future inquiry; and
it is hoped that the tears of his countrymen shed
over his grave in sorrow, may not become hot
with indignation against any wrongly-accused
with causing the disaster. He is gone; and his
name and character henceforth belong to history.
His children will glory in both,and be known to
men because of him—the proudest legacy he could
leave them. His country, too, will honor his mem-
ory; and when the roll of her dead heroes is called,
his name will resound through the American Val-
halla among the proudest and most heroic.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, when death, in
any of its ordinary forms, enters this Chamber,
and terminates the labors, the responsibilities,
and the anxieties of the position here occupied,
the occasion is necessarily one of the highest in-
terest to us as members of this body, and scarcely
less so to the entire nation. How much of added
interest isimparted bythe peculiar circumstances
that surround the sad event which we are this
day called to deplore! A Senator in the prime
and glory of manhood, enjoying the homage so
lavishly and cheerfully paid by mankind to genius;
endowed with an eloquence truly wonderful in its
scope, its fullness, and its resistless power; and
adding to this full measure of political honor, that
still more brilliant and more coveted object of
ambition in noble minds—military glory—is sud-
denly arrested in his distinguished career. The
voice to which men thronged to listen with such
eager attention is silent. The flow of that torrent
of ideas, expressed in that boundless copiousness
