1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
morning from the accounts heretofore published.
I am not here to defend General Prentiss, but I
cannot but express my sincere regret that brave
officers are arrayed without trial and denounced
with virulence perhaps by the very men who de-
serted their ranks, and seek to excuse their cow-
ardice by indiscriminate abuse of those who stood
their ground. And especially is this true of Gen-
eral Grant, whose courage and patriotism cannot
be questioned. This morning I read a long arti-
cle in the Ohio State Journal, a paper of influence,
in which the editor, safely secured in his sanctum,
arraigns General Grant with great severity. He
asks, " where, when, and why were our three
thousand troops and their general,Prentiss, taken
prisoners without a blow ?" Now, sir, it was well
known that General Prentiss, instead of falling
without a blow, fought gallantly with the Illinois,
Iowa,and Missouri volunteers under his command
for many hours, and the only question ever made
of either him or General Grant was whether they
had taken proper precautions against surprise.
Again the editor says:
"Is it supposable that civilians, (who are presumed to be
ignoramuses in military matters,) wili accept, as satisfac-
tory. the statement of a major general in assuring them that
< nothing could be more false' than to ' talk about their be-
ing surprised,' when our troops were attacked, bayoneted,
and made prisoners in their tents ?"
Now, sir, this entire statement is shown to be
false by every report or statement made by those
who kept in the advance, and was made only by
and to excuse those who lied. Surely the press
mightgive more credit to those in front who fough t,
rather than tothose who fled. Are such attacks
the reward of a brave officer for services rendered
on the battle-field ? If so, there can be but little
motive for men to fight for their country.
It may be that General Grant should have been
with the main body of his forces, as he certainly
would have been if he had known the purposeof
the enemy to attack in force; but as large rein-
forcements were then arriving at Savannah, and
as it was his duty, as ranking officer, to dispose
of them, it was not improper that he should be at
Savannah. It may have been that raw troops were
not the best to expose to an imminent attack; but
the whole of that army were raw volunteers, the
severe schooling at Fort Donelson being the only
lesson some of them had learned. The generals
had no choice but to do the best with the force at
their command.
But whatever may be said of the position of the
army, certain it is they won immortal honor by
their courage and endurance. If regiments broke,
they were rallied again; if officers deserted, others
took their place; if cowards sifted into the rear
and gathered under the banks of the river, brave
men stood unappalled through the long and weary
hours of a desperate and unequal contest. Nor
was the contest barren of results. We must not
only subdue rebels, we must teach them to respect
us. We must do this not only by the display of
overwhelming force, not only by the exhibition
of a patriotism that will laugh at sacrifices to
preserve our country, but we must exhibit those
qualities of courage, endurance, and gallantry
which in all ages have been the best guarantee
for pcace at home and abroad. We must dissi-
pate forever the egotism of a narrow-minded caste
of slave owners who assume, frith offensive in-
solence, superiority over a hardy, labor-loving,
and liberty-loving people. I wish to see buried
with the fallen scepter of political power so long^
swayed by these rebels, all their false notions of
superior courage. When they come back to us
as common members of a political community, 1
wish them to come chastened with the lessons of
experience, fully convinced that neither their cour-
age, their numbers, their cotton, or their slaves
can enable them to overthrow this Government.
They have been taught this lesson often, but never
more emphatically than on this battle-field.
Mr. President, I cannot dismiss this subject
without stating briefly the part Ohio has taken in
this war. Upon the authority of a gentleman
thoroughly conversant with the recruitment of out
Army, I affirm that Ohio has more soldiers m the
field than any otherState in proportion to its popu-
lation; that Ohio troops have fought in more bat-
tles in this war than those of any other State; that
they have won distinction in every battle fought
West of the Alleghany mountains. I claim for
her or her volunteers no superiority over any
other, as I can readily account for her interest m
this war, not only from her patriotism, but from
her central and exposed position. That I do not
overstate her action I have had prepared an au-
thentic statement of her troops now actually in
the field.
It appears that Ohio has now seventy-seven re-
giments of infantry, six regiments and one squad-
ron of calvary, two regiments of artillery, and
sixteen batteries not included in regiments. Of
these, all but five were full to the minimum of
eight hundred and forty rank and file, when they
left the State, and a number of them full to the
maximum of one thousand men. The cavalry
regiments numbered each twelve hundred rank
and file. Thus it will be safe to say that Ohio has
now seventy-five thousand men in the field. This
force is scattered from General Banks's corps, in
Virginia, to New Mexico, in not less than eight
States. But this is not all. The thirteenth Mis-
souri, thirty-second Indiana, and at least three
Virginia and Kentucky regiments are made up of
Ohio volunteers, and I know at least one com-
pany of Ohio volunteers in a New Yol-k regi-
ment.
At the outbreak of the rebellion, Ohio promptly
responded to the call of the President for troops.
The message of Governor Dennison to the citizens
of the State calling for the immediate organization
of thirteen regiments of infantry, was answered by
eighty-seven thousand volunteers. Of these the
Secretary of War would accept but thirteen thou-
sand; but Governor Dennison, having a better ap-
preciation of the nature of the contest, organized
for the State nine other regiments. It was only
a few days before the battle of Bull Run that the
Government would recognize these regiments, al-
though, in the mean time, they had won victories
in Western Virginia. On the 18th, the first and
second Ohio regiments were on their way to this
city. A large portion of the remainder of the
twenty-two regiments were placed under the com-
mand of General McClellan, and crossed the Ohio,
entering Western Virginia on Monday the 26th
of May, taking possession of Parkersburg and
Grafton. In his address to his soldiers, General
McClellan used the following language:
" You are ordeicd to cross the frontier and enter on the
soil of Virginia. Your mission is to restore peace and con-
fidence, to protect the majesty of the law, and secure our
brethren from the grasp ot' armed traitors. I place under
the safeguard of your honor the persons and property ol the
Virginians." * * * + " Kemcmber, each one
of you holds in his keeping the honor of Ohio and of the
Union."
How nobly and well they acquitted themselves
in the campaign in Western Virginia, it is neces-
sary only to refer to the engagements there, to show
in every one of which the Ohio forces were either
the sole or most prominent participants. The first
important battle in the department of the Ohio,
at Rich Mountain, was led on by portions of the
eighth, tenth,and nineteenth Ohio regiments,under
command of Colonel (now General) Rosecranz,
who attacked the enemy, numbering from two to
three thousand, strongly intrenched, putting them
to flight, capturing their cannon, camp equipage,
large number of wagons, &c. General McClellan,
in his official report, says:
" We have lost, in all, perhaps twenty killed and forty
wounded, efwhom all but tuo orthrce were in the column
under Colonel Rosecranz, which turned the position."
Next m order is the battle of Carrick s Ford,
Virginia. It will be remembered that in this en-
gagement the rebel general, Robert S. Garnctt,
was killed. On the night of the 11th of July, the
rebel armyatLaurel Hill,under command ofGen-
eral Garnett, evacuated in great haste upon learn-
ing of General McClellan's approach to Beverly.
This latter point they were apparently endeavor-
ing to pass before General McClellan should
arrive, by a passage through the Cheat mountain
gap. The evacuation was discovered the follow-
rno- morning, when the Indiana troops took pos-
session of the rebel camp, while the Ohio fourteenth
led on the advance in hot pursuit of the retreating
rebels. The latter were joined by the army flying
from Rich Mountain when within three miles of
Beverly, when they changed their course towards
the direction of St. George. In the pursuit the
Ohio forces were conspicuous, marching over tne
rough mountainous country, heedless of the inces-
sant rain, the almost impassable roads .everything
but duty. At Carrick's Ford they led on the at-
tack upon a force largely superior to their own,
assaulted the enemy under a heavy fire from their
masked batteries and small arms, complete] y rout-
ing and putting them to flight. The entire loss
sustained was in the fourteenth Ohio. The results
of this affair, of which the engagement at the ford
was the finale, were the capture of the rebel camp
at Laurel Hill, a large amount of tents, campequi-
page, forty baggage wagons, a field camp-chest,
said to contain all their money, two regimental
banners, and a number of prisoners.
Sir, these were among the earlier victories of
the war; but they were important as lighting the
gloom of the country over the disaster at Bull
Run. When we look to the recent contests in the
valley of the Mississippi, we pride ourselves upon
the part our volunteers have taken in numerous
well-contested battle-fields. At Somerset it was
the bayonet charge of the ninth Ohio, under Col-
onel (now General) Robert McCook, that drove
the enemy from the field, after the battle had been
bravely contested by Ohio, Indiana, and Minne-
sota volunteers. The division of General Mitch-
ell, composed chiefly of Ohio regiments, seven in
number, has rendered the most important service
to his country in a manner highly creditable to
him and his command. Two Ohio regiments, the
forty-eighth and fifty-eighth, shared in the honors
at Fort Donelson. Four regiments, the twenty-
seventh, thirty-ninth,forty-third,and sixty-third,
served under General Pope, in Missouri, New
Madrid, and Island No. 10. Several regiments
served with high credit under General Curtis, a
native-born citizen of Ohio, in the battle of Pea
Ridge, in the Ozark mountains of Arkansas. Gen-
eral Garfield, a volunteer officer, in whom we feel
great pride, opened the compaign in East Ken-
tucky by outwitting and thoroughly whipping my
old friend, Humphrey Marshall. In every battle-
field in the West we share with our sister States
all the honors of strife and victory.
And, sir, I must not overlook one of the most
brilliant battles of the war, the recentone of Win-
chester, in which the fifth, seventh, eighth, twenty-
ninth, sixty-second, and sixty-seventh all took a
distinguished part. The charge of Colonel Tyler
has been regarded by several officers as among the
most brilliant feats of the war.
Several regiments of Ohio volunteers have also
been rendering equally important, if not equally
conspicuous, service in Western Virginia.
And, sir, more important than all, our Ohio
volunteers have enabled the Legislature of Ken-
tucky to avoid many of the horrors of civil war,
which, at one time, the traitorous faction of Breck-
inridge threatened to bring upon the people of that
State. It is not too much to say that Kentucky
is deeply indebted to Ohio for her rescue fiom the
domination of the rebels in that State. The policy
of the Governor of Ohio in preserving the peace
of the.border and cultivating the friendly inter-
course between the citizens of the two States, de-
prived the rebels of the pretext that Ohio forces
intended to invade her soil with hostile purpose,
while his prompt response to the wishes And the
necessities of the Unionists of Kentucky in send-
ing a large force into that State during the session
of the Legislature in September last, overawed
the traitors and strengthened as well the Union
sentiment of the people of Kentucky as the patri-
otic purposes of the Legislature, in providing for
the safety of the State against the designs of the
rebels.  
Sir, I refer to these events, not with a view of
disparaging the achievements of others, but to
secure to the people of Ohio the justshare of honor
to which they are entitled. We ought always to
regard our State organization with pride. It con-
trols nearly all the relations which affect home,
family, kindred, property, and personal rights.
I trust never to see the States lose their import-
ance in our system of Government. Although
rebels have cloaked their treason with the pre-
tense of defending Slate rights, by making the
States independent of and superior to the United
States, yet we ought not, therefore, to reduce
them below their proper position, or impair in
the least the affection due from each citizen to his
State. State piide and State rights arc perfectly
consistent with the higher allegiance wo owe to
the national Government. And, sir, the same
sentiment which makes us sensitive for the honor
of our State will excite us to preserve the honor
and just authority of the United States.
It is this love of nationality, the indefinable sen-
timent which animates us at the sight of our flag,
