54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
of language, and illustrated by that Qxhaustless
exuberance of fancy which has often excited our
wonder not less than our admiration, has ceased
forever with the life which our departed friend
offered on the field of battle as his willing sacri-
fice in the cause of his country. A life like his,
so honored, so occupied, so rewarded by all that
men most desire on earth, and so closed, in such
acauseas that which his martyr-blood has doubly
consecrated, surely is worthy not only of inter-
rupting the daily offices of the Senate and of the
Executive, but of arresting the attention and ex-
citing the profound sorrow of a mourning nation.
The peculiar circumstances of the death of Col-
onel Baker have been already related. After he
assumed a command in the army of the Potomac,
although not unaccustomed to military life, there
was, as many of his friends perceived, an un-
wonted sadness in his expression, always serious
and contemplative. He had looked xipon civil
war as an event certain to happen, unless averted
by some extraordinary means of negotiation. He
had declared himself willing to sacrifice some-
what of his own not extreme views to avert the
impending calamity, which he so clearly foresaw.
But when the last hope of a peaceful solution of
our troubles had been destroyed by the flagrant
acts of rebels in arms against the Government, he
was not satisfied with merely giving his vote as a
Senator and his voice as an orator to the cause of
the Constitution. His sense of duty demanded
of him more than this. Yet, as I have already
intimated, there was perccivcd a more than usu-
ally saddened expression in his eye, and an almost
tender melancholy in the tones of his voice, which
might have satisfied any observer that no selfish
motive, no vulgar ambition, had prompted him
in the sacrifice lie was making. I was not there-
fore surprised when, in the last conversation I had
with him, I discovered with how deep a spirit of
patriotic devotion he had entered the military
service.
The death which has so gloriously ended his
earthly labors, was not unexpected; and in recall-
ing his words on the occasion to which I allude,
I can hardly suppose it was undesired. He felt
and deplored more deeply perhaps than most of
us, the condition of the country, and there was
also, possibly, a presentimsnt in his highly im-
aginative mind of his approaching end. If so,
there was no dread, no shrinking Yrom any post
of duty, however perilous. But I well remember
how, here, near the spot where I now stand—in
language more emphatic and more expicssive
than any I can now recall or command—he dis-
avowed having been actuated by any desire for
military glory in taking up arms for the defense
of the Constitution and the Union. It was the
voice of duty, and this alone, which called him
to the field, and in obeying that call he felt that
he was offering his life. I think, too, there was
that in his bold and adventurous spirit that gave
a mysterious charm to any duty accompanied by
danger. Indeed, his nature seemed scarcely capa-
ble of quietand repose; there was a restlessness,
an impatience m his constitution, which would not
sulfur him to be an un participating spectator in
any great conflict—much less in one that involved
the existence of the nation. For him, therefore,
to withhold his hand from the sword, in thisgreat
controversy, would have been an impossibility
under any circumstances. Had he known what
death he was to die, his course would have been
the same; for he was evidently bom of that blood,
and imbued with that spirit which makes men feel
that it is
u Better to die beneath tiio shook.
Than moldcr, piecemeal, on the rock."
Although 1 became somewhat familiarly ac-
quainted with Colonel Baker nearly sixteen
years ago, I know little of his early mental hab-
its, or of his course of discipline and study. Yet
it was impossible to listen to his ordinary conver-
sation,or to his elaborate efforts in the Senate, or,
more especially, to those unsurpassed specimens
of eloquence which, without a moment's prepara-
tion, lie threw off, burning and sparkling, in the
heat and slow of extemporaneous debate, yet
profusely illustrated by allusions to all the vuued
fields of literature and science, without being as-
sured that his intellect, naturally of a high order,
had been cultivated, strengthened, and enlarged
by close and careful study, and enriched and
adorned by an intimate acquaintance with the
choicest literature of our language. As an orator
he was remarkable for an assured self-possession
which gave him, atall times and under all circum-
stances, the complete control of his mental powers.
To this he added a command of the English lan-
guage so full and complete as perhaps to tempt
him sometimes to indulge in an affluence of dic-
tion too ornate and copious to satisfy the strictest
canons of criticism. Yet who that listened to him
in popular assemblies; who that heard or read his
speeches in the Senate, or his occasional addresses
—especially that memorable oration uttered on
the shores of the Pacific, over the dead body of his
friend, the brave, the still lamented Broderick; the
surpassing eloquence of which seemed to resound
in sad, funereal tones, as far as the Atlantic coast
—could have been willing that one of those glow-
ing, expressive, perhaps redundant, words, had
been omitted?
The brilliant talents of Senator Baker, hisun-
surpassed powers as an orator, his self-poised
reliance upon his own capacities, his courage,
and his patriotism, would have been insufficient
in themselves, without the higher moral qualities
which I think he possessed, to win for him that
large share of the admiration of his countrymen
which he enjoyed. He was, I have reason to be-
lieve, not only a great, but a good man. He
acknowledged his accountability to his Maker,
and walked through life in the light of that law of
God which irradiates the path of every man who
seeks to know and to perform his duty. Of the
peculiar tenets of his religious faith 1 am unin-
formed; but his life, judging from its outward
manifestation here, was that of a Christian states-
man. What glories illustrated its close a grateful
country will not soon forget! It needed only to
have been breathed out m the arms of victory to
have been the end which he would have chosen.
But though that might have added to the joy with
which he welcomed death, nothing in his end was
wanting to its glory. What nobler epitaph could
he have desired; what nobler epitaph could any
of those patriotic heroes desire who now, in un-
numbered hosts, emulous of his fame, are ready
to share his fate on the field of battle, than this:
He died for his country?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator to
whom we to-day say farewell was generous in
funeral homage to others. More than once he
held great companies in rapt attention, while he
did honor to the dead. Over the coffin of Brod-
erick, he proclaimed the dying utterance of this
early victim, and gave to it the fiery wings of his
own eloquence. " They have killed me because
I was opposed to the extension of slavery, and a
corrupt Administration,''said thedying man; and
as the impassioned orator repeated these words
his own soul was knit in sympathy with the dead;
and thus atoncc be endeared himself to the friends
of freedom, even at a distance.
" Who would not sing for Lycldas? lie knew
Himself to sing and build the lofty rhyme."
There are two forms of eminent talent which
are kindred in their effects, each producing an in-
stant present impression; each holding crowds in
suspense, and each kindling enthusiastic admira-
tion; I mean that of the orator and of the soldier.
Each of these, when successful, wins immediate
honor, and reads his praise in a nation's eyes.
Baker was orator and soldier. To him belongs
the rare renown of this double character. Per-
haps he carried into war something of the confi-
dence inspired by the conscious sway of great
multitudes,as he surely brought into speech some-
thing of the ardor of war. Call him, if you please,
the Prince Rupert of battle; he was also the Prince
Rupert of debate.
His success in life attests not only his own re-
markable genius, but the benign hospitality of our
institutions. Born on a foreign soil, he was to
our country only a step-son; but, were he now
alive, I doubt not he would gratefully declare that
the country was never to him an ungentle step-
mother. The child of a weaver, he was brought,
while yet in tender years, to Philadelphia, where
he soon lost his father by death. His earliest
days were passedin the loom rathcrthanat school;
and yet from this beginning he achieved the high-
est posts of trust and honor; being at the same
time Senator and general. It was the boast of
Pericles in his funeral oration, at the Ceramicus,
over the dead who had fallen in battle, that the
Athenians were ready to communicate to all the
advantages which they enjoyed; that they did
not exclude the stranger from their walls; and that
Athens was a city open to the human family.
The same boast may be proudly repeated by us
with better reason,as we commemorate our dead
fallen in battle.
From Philadelphia the weaver's orphan was
carried to the West, wherehegrew with thegrowth
of that surprising region. He was one of its chil-
dren ; and his own manhood was closely associated
with its powerful progress. The honors of the
bar, and of Congress, soon were his; but his im-
patient temper led him from these paths into the
Mexican war, where he gallantly took the place
of Shields—torn with wounds and almost dead—
at Ccrro Gordo. But the great West, beginning
to teem with population, did not satisfy his am-
bition, and he repaired to California. The child,
whose infancy was rocked on the waves of the
Atlantic, whose manhood was formed in the broad
and open expanse of the prairie, now sought a
home on the shores of the Pacific, saying in
spirit—
" No pent up Uticacontracts our powers;
But the whole boundless continent is ours "
There again his genius was promptly recognized.
A new State, which had just taken a place in the
Union, sent him as her Senator; and Oregon first
bccame truly known to us on this floor by his
eloquent lips.
In the Senate he at once took the place of ora-
tor. His voice was not full or sonorous; but it was
sharp and clear. It was penetrating rather than
commanding, and yet, when touched by his ardent
nature, it became sympathetic and even musical.
His countenance, body, and gesture all showed the
unconscious inspiration of his voice, and he went
on—master of his audience—master also of him-
self. All his faculties were completely at his com-
mand. Ideas, illustrations, words seemed to come
unbidden, and to range themselves in harmonious
forms—as in the walls of ancient Thebes each
stone took its proper place of its own accord,
moved only by the music of a lyre. His fame as
a speaker was so peculiar even before he appeared
among us, that it was sometimes supposed he
might lack those solid powers without which the
oratorical faculty itself can exercise only a trans-
ient influence. But his speech on this floor in
reply to a slaveholding conspirator, now an open
rebel, showed that his matter was as good as his
manner, and that while he was a master of fence
he was also a master of ordnance. His contro-
versy was graceful, sharp, and flashing, like a
cimeter; but his argument was powerful and
sweeping like a battery.
You have not forgotten that speech. Perhaps
the argument against the sophism of secession
was never better arranged and combined, or more
simply popularized for the general apprehension.
A generation had passed since that traitorous
absurdity—the fit cover of conspiracy—had been
exposed. It had shrunk for awhile into darkness,
driven back by the massive logic of Daniel Web-
ster and the honest sense of Andrew Jackson.
" The times have been,
That, when the brains were out, the man would die,
And there an end ; but now they rise again."
As the pretension showed itself anew, our orator
undertook again to expose it. How thoroughly
he did this, now with historic, and now with
forensic skill, while his whole effort was elevated
by a charming, ever-ready eloquence, which itself
was arou.sed to new power by the interruptions
which he encountered—all this is present to your
minds. That speech passed at once into the per-
manent literature of the country, while it gave to
its author an assured position in this body.
Another speech showed him in a different char-
acter. It was his instant reply to the Kentucky
Senator—not then expelled from this body. The
occasion was peculiar. A Senator, with treason
in his heart if not on his lips, had just taken his
seat. Our departed Senator, who had entered the
Chamber direct from his camp, rose at once to
reply. Pie began simply and calmly; but, as he
proceeded, his fervid soul broke forth in words of
surpassing power. As on the former occasion he
had presented the well-ripened fruitsof study, so
now he spoke with the spontaneous utterance of
his own mature and exuberant eloquence—meeting
the polished traitor at every point with weapons
keener and brighter than his own.
