2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
which kindles our blood when the national hymns
break upon us, which exckcs the pride and ele-
vates the manhood of the brave and the timid, the
young and the old alike; it is this sentiment that
now arms seven hundred thousand men and makes
twenty millions of people eagejrto make sacrifices
of property and life for their country. .
It is this love of nationality, founded upon the
affection of ourpeople for both the State and Gen-
eral Governments, that I trust will carry us safely
through this national trial, and, under the bless-
ings of divine" Providence, speedily bring us a per-
manent peace upon the true basis, the supremacy
of each State for local purposes, and the indivisi-
bility and unity of all the people of the United
States in one Government, for the purposes pre-
scribed by the Constitution.
I have here a statement which will afford some
idea of what Ohio has done towards the creation
of the army which we have now in the field:
Statement of Ohio Volunteer Regiments in the Field,
Jlprily 18G2.
infantry.
2Vo. Colonel Commanding.
1. Edward A. Parrott.
2. L. A. Harris.
3. John Deatry.
4. John S. Mason.
5. Samuel H. Dunning.
6. William IC. Bosley.-
7  E. B. Tyler.
8. S. S. Carroll.
9. Robert L. McCook.
10. Wtlliam H. Lytic.
31. Charles A. DeVilliers.
12. Carr B. White.
13. William H. Smith.
14. J.uned B. Steedman.
15. Moses R. Dickey.
16. John F. DeCourcey.
17. James M. Council.
38. 'P. It. Stanley.
19. Samuel Boatty.
20. Charles Whittlesey.
21. Jesse S. Norton.
23. E. P. Scammon.
24. Jacob Ammen.
25. James A. Jones.
-2o. Edward P. FylFe.
27. John W. Fuller.
28. August Moor.
2'J. Liuvj-i P. Hockley.
iiij. Hugh B. Ewmg.
31. Mo-je-i IS. Walker.
30. Thomas II. Ford.
3;*. Joshua W. Sill.
34. A. Saundei-s Piatt.
35. Ferdinand Vanderveer.
33. Geoige Crook.
37. Edward Siber.
38. G. II. Phelps.
3'J. John Groe>.bock.
SO.
52.
61.
_Vo Colonel Commanding.
40. Jonathan Cianor.
41. William B. Hazen.
42. Lionel A. Sheldon.
43. J. L. ICirby Smith.
44. Samuel A. Gilbert.
46. Thomas Worthington.
47. Frederick Poschnor.
43. Peter J. Sullivan.
49. William II. Gibson.
5J. Stanley Matthews.
53. J. J. Appier.
54. Thomas Kilby Smith.
55. John C. Lee.
56. Peter Kinney.
57. William Mungen.
58. V. Bausenwem.
59. James P. Fyffe.
GO. W. II. Trimble.
62. Francis B. Pond.
63. John W. Sprague.
64. John Furge^on.
65. Charles G. Harker.
66. Chailes Candy.
67. O. Buerstcn bender.
68. -S. II. Stccdnuui.
69. Lewis D. Campbell.
70. J. U. Cockerel!.
71. Rodney Mason.
72. Ralph P. Rurkland.
73. Oiland Smuh.
74. Granville Moody.
75. N. C. McLean.
7G. Chaile-. G.Woods.
77. Je«M' Ilildebiand.
78. M. I). Leggett.
80. E. R. Eekley.
81. Thomas Morton.
82. James Cantwell.
( Consolidated.
C Newton Schlcigh.
5. W. II. II Taylor.
Independent Squadron.
William McLaughlin.
cavalry.
1. Th.C. II. Smith,Lt. Col. 4. John Kennett.
2. Chailes Doubleday.
3. Lewis Zahm.
Isi Battalion.
6. W. O. Collins, Lt. Col.
2d and 3d Battalions,
C. W. R. Lloyd.
artillery.
3. Jas. Bamctt, Col. Com. 16 Independent Batteiies.
The eleventh, seventeenth, thirty third, fiftv-ninth, and
eighty-first regiments vveie not quite full vvhen'oidered into
the field; but with these exceptions they weie all full to the
minunum, and a number of thorn full to the maximum.
Youis le-pectfully, C. P. BUCKINGHAM,
Adjutant General Ohio.
Hon. John Sherman, Washington, J). C.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, tlie Senator
from Ohio in the opening of his speech I think al-
luded to me, but 1 did not hear distinctly what he
eaid. 1 am sure the little passage at arms I had
with his colleague, in which 1 referred to some
troops of his State having been ordered to the rear
at the battle near Pittsburg Landing ought not to
have provoked his reference to me. The lew re-
marks that I made in reply to his colleague on
that occasion were called forth by an allusion to
Kentucky that I did not admire, and that i thought
was rather in bad taste. I made no reflection upon
the people of Ohio. I merely alluded to the re-
port that some of their troops had been ordered
to the rear. I had no desire to intimate that the
people of Ohio were not as brave as the people of
any other State. I have no doubt that they are.
Many of their regiments in tlm war have fought
as gallantly as the regiments of any other State in
the Union. I think, however, the Senator has
made public and has given to the world more
pointed facts concerning the delinquency of the
soldiers of his State on that field than the casual
remark that I made, for itwas merely casual, and
it was made bccausc I happened to be reading the
account of the transaction at the time his colleague
was pitching into Kentucky. I merely rise now
to say, that m what I then said, I intended no re-
flection on the State of Ohio. I have no doubt her
people are as gallant and brave as those of any
other State. •
I think, however, the Senator was a little un-
gracious in speaking about my sympathies. Al-
low me to say to that Senator that he is not the
judge of my sympathies. It seems to be the
habit of some gentlemen here, whenever they
reply to what other Senators say, to seek the aid
of prejudice created by personal reflection. I re-
gretted to have to say what I said about the troops
of Ohio, and I should not have said it but for the
fact that his colleague was animadverting upon
my State. What 1 said has been, I think, fully
proved by the Senator's statements to-day. I
now rose, however, simply to disclaim any idea
of a reflection on the people of the State of Ohio
as a State. I have no doubt she has many gal-
lant, noble sons.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, so far as the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio may have been
intended to defend the troops>of that State from
any unjust aspersions, I have not a word to say.
They were well timed, and it was probably a
proper subject for the consideration of the Senate,
as their courage had been called in question, as
it seems, by a Senator from another State. But
that part of his speech which may have been in-
tended to bolster up the reputation of General
Grant I think may have an injurious effect in the
future, and hence I rise to repudiate every word
he has said that may have that tendency. From
all I can learn on the subject, I do not think Gen-
eral Grant is fit to command a great army in the
field. Iowa had eleven regiments in the field at
the battle of Pittsburg Landing. He can never
make one of those men believe that General Grant
is fit to command. I have seen many of them,
have conversed with the officers and privates, and
they believe that our army was surprised. I will
road one or two short extracts froma letter written
by a gentleman of my State, who is now the pre-
siding judge of one of the district courts, and who
spent several days on the battle-field immediately
after the conclusion of the battle. He says:
" During the whole time I was with the airny I availed
myself of every means to gain correct information as to the
battle and all the detail* connected with it. No one can
get the nuth by a leading of the newspaper conespondence
so well as by conversation with the officers and soldiers who
were in the fight. Theic is no use in tivmg to disguise oi
cover up the fact that our army was badly surpused on
Sunday morning. Up to the time that General Grant as-
sumed command at Pittsbutg Landing, General Sherman
was in command, and kept his pickets of infantry and cav-
aliy out m front of his lines for three oi four miles, but after
Giant arrived this was entiieiy neglectcd, and notwith-
standing «cout*, deserters from the enemy, and citizens
reported to Gcneial Grant, through the proper ofiiccis, that
the mam body of the enemy wore approaching our lines,
he indignantly scorned the idea of an attack, saying th.it
Generals Johnson and Beauregard wcic not d—d fools
enough to attack us here." * * * * "On
Saturday night before tile battle the rebel army was moved
up s-o close to oui fiont lines that, as a rebel prisoner in-
formed me, they could hear the soldiet-3 talking in their
camps. At daylight the enemy commenced the attack with
not less than seventy-five thousand men. They rushed into
some of our eamp3 before our soldiers had time to fall into
line of battle, and while many of our officers were asleep."
In the concluding part of the letter, he says:
"Although ourvtctoryon Monday was complete, and the
rebels utteily routed,yet it was too dearly puicha^ed. The
ciimiunl carelessness, or something wor.se, on the pait of
General Grant, whereby so many brave soldiers were
slaughtered, admits of no palliation orexcuse. Newspaper
conespondents may write as they please, but the united
voice of t:very soldier in Grant's army condemns him, and
it is now time that the Government should do likewise."
From all I can learn from the troops from Iowa
who participated in this battle, with whom I have
conversed, both officers and men, this is but an
expression ofa conviction made on the minds ofall
of them. The Iowa troops have been in battle re-
peatedly under command of General Grant; they
have no confidence in his capacity and fitness for
the high position he now holds. They regard him
as the author of the useless slaughter of many
hundicds of their biAve comiades in arms. It is
not necessary, nor is it right, to compel them to
serve under him. The speech of the Senator from
Ohio might, if unnoticed, induce those m authority
to continue him in the field. I understand he has
been virtually suspended; that he now really has
no command; that each division and army corps of
the western department is under the command
of another general, and the whole under the com-
mand of General Halleck; that General Grant is
second in command of the whole, which is of course
merely nominal. In my opinion he ought not to
have multiplied thousands of men placed in his
hands after the record which he has made. And
the only practical tendency of that part of the
speech of the Senator from Ohio would be to in-
duce the President to assign him an active com-
mand. This I cannot consent to have done intho
presence of my countrymen, maimed and slaugh-
tered, as I believe, through his carelessness or in-
competency.
I say this not on account of any public or pri-
vate grievance of a personal nature. I do not
know General Grant, have never met him at any
time, and could, therefore, have no personal grief
to redress. Nor have I any complaint to make of
the manner in which he or other generals have
mentioned the conduct of the Iowa troops in the
field. As far as I have noticed, justice has been
done them by their commanding generals, and by
the public. In some cases it has been very tardy
justice; but when the facts have come to light
connected with their bearing in the presence of the
enemy, none have withheld just commendation,
or been disposed to deprive them of their hard-
earned laurels. They have commanded the re-
spect of the enemy on every battle-field where they
have appeared, as well as the applause of their
friends. As a sample of the manner in which their
neighbors speak of them, I request the Secretary
to read the following paragraph from a leading
journal published in the city of St. Louis :
The Secretary read, as follows:
" The Ga.lla.nt Iowans.—Iowa is a young State, but it
is the home of heroes. With the present war she has begun
a war history that yields in splendor and honor to that of
no State m the Union and no country on the globe. Her
soil is the birthplace of anew chivaliy, and she has become
the mother of a new race of heioes. Her soldiers boast
little, and she has no industrious penny-a-liner to boast for
them. Her soldiers are as modest as they are brave. They
are not iieice braggarts. They are as gentle and tractable
as children. But when the storm of blood begins they are
the guiding and governing heroes of the tempest. Wheie
the hat vest of death is to he reaped, they are. the foremost
of the reapers, \yiieie a perilous assault is to be made,
somehow or other there is always an Iowa regiment, or the
wasted shadow of an Iowa regiment, to lead it. It was so
nt Wilson's Cieek : it was so at Belmont; it was so at Fort
Donelson ; it was so at Shiloh ; it will ever be so through-
out the war. All our western tioops have been heroes, but
the Iowa tioops have been heroes among heroes. The
Iowa first, Iowa second, Iowa fourth, and Iowa seventh
aie bodies of men who would have given an additional lus-
ter even to Thermopylae Mai a thon j Austeilitz, or Wagram,
and all Americans may be proud of Iowa."—St. Louis News.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it proper to remind the Senator that debate
on the resolution is continued only by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, to the exclusion of
the special order; but the debate will be allowed
to continue until some member shall call for the
special order of the day. The Senator from Iowa
will proceed.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall detain the Senate for
but a moment longer.
General Halleck, in an official communication
addressed to the adjutant general of the State of
Iowa, has mentioned the Iowa troops at the bat-
tle before Fort Donelson as "the bravest of the
brave." Nor do I know that General Grant, or
any other general, has ever withheld just com-
mendation. I therefore repeat that I have no per-
sonal grievance to redress for myself or for the
troops of my State. And I would have remained
silent on this subject in the Senate, if the speech
of the Senator from Ohio had not made it neces-
sary for me to speak; for I do not deem the Sen-
ate Chamber the proper place for criticisms on the
conduct of a general in the field. I think it much
better to present our personal convictions in rela-
tion to the character of our generals to the Secre-
tary of War and to the President. For myself,
I uniformly pursue this course, and regret that it
has, in my judgment, become necessary to depart
from it in this case. But, sir, it is often as dan-
gerous and as wicked to praise the unworthy and
incompetent as to detract from the meritorious.
If my convictions are correct, it would be a crime
for me to remain silent, and suffer influences to
originate in the Senate Chamber which may re-
sult in restoring a general to an active command
whom I and the people I in part represent deem
unworthy of such a trust.
Iowa has sent to the field about twenty thou-
