1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
while so employed, and shall;" so that the clause
wiU read:
That the person who shall be thus appointed shall render
a final report of his revision and codification to Congress,
on or before the 10th day of.May next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendmeut was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and to be
read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
On motion ofMr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 175)
to define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of the Army and forother purposes, the pend-
ing question being upon the amendment proposed
by Mr. Grimes, as modified on the motion of
Mr, Clark, to insert the following as an additional
section:
Sec.23. And be it further cnactcd, That the act approved
the 5th of August, 18*61, entitled " An act supplementary to
an act entitled < An act to increase the present military es-
tablishment of the United States,' approved the 29th of
July, 1861," be, and the same i* heicby, icpealed. But the
repeal of the said act shall not be construed so as to deprive
those persons aheady appointed under it from holdingtheir
offices in the same way am* manner as if it had not been
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
in the chair.) The Chair is advised that when
the bill was last under consideration there were
several other amendments proposed; and the first
question is now upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] in section
ten to strike out the word " post" where it occurs
before the word " chaplains," and also to strike
out the word " regular," and insert "volunteer;"
so as to make the section read:
Sec. 10. Jlndlc it further cnactcd, That in each of the
permanent hospitals, wheie (he President may deem it ne-
cessary, he may appoint a chaplain, who shall receive the
frame compensation as is now allowed to chaplains in the
volunteer service.
Mr. FOSTER. I was not aware that this bill
was under consideration until my attention was
just called to it. I am very imwiUing to detain
the Senate by any remarks; but I must say that
I think the discrimination made by the section, as
it stands, against the chaplains who serve at these
hospitals—they will be very few—is very unjust
and very unequal; for the service performed by
them, if they perform their service faithfully, is
more self-denying, more laborious, and more ex-
hausting than that performed by the chaplains in
the regular Army; and if any discrimination were
to be made this class of chaplains should receive
higher instead of lower pay than those in service
in the field. They are to be appointed only in
those hospitals where the President judges that
there is a necessity for the appointment of chap-
lains. That is, of course, where there are a large
number of patients who are sick and daily dying,
and are more in need of the services of a chaplain
than the men are in the field, and it would be more
cruel to deny them. The time which the chaplain
is called upon to devote, if he performs his duty,
is his whole time both night and day; for there
will be daily and nightly men called to "the in-
evitable houi,"when they will require, and it
would be cruel to deny the consolations of a min-
ister of religion. Under these circumstances, to
say that these men shall receive less pay than
those in the field, seems to me. as I have said,
very unjust. The whole number of them will be
very small, and the difference to the Treasury will
be very light; but to make this discrimination
aeems to me unjust, unequal.
Mr. RICE. The amendment docs not, in my
opinion, cover the main point. These gentlemen
have been serving a long time without pay. I
introduced a resolution this morning on the sub-
ject. If the Senator from Connecticut will consent
to it, I should like to offer as a substitute for that
section the following:
That the appointments of chaplains to the Ai my hos-
pitals as made by the President of the United States are
hereby appiovrd, and the chaplains so appointed t-hall be
compensated fortlwir services m the same manner abi(3gi-
mcntal chaplain-*.
I believe that covers the whole case.
Mr. FOSTER. I will agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota therefore moves to strike out this sec-
tion and insert what has been read.
Mr. BROWNING. That does not clothe the
President with any power to make other appoint-
ments hereafter. If this tenth section be stricken
out, it leaves the President without power to make
other appointments, ! think. If I am correct in
that, the amendment ought to be still further
amended, so as to continue the power in the Pres-
ident to*make appointments. Very few appoint-
ments have thus far been made, and I know of
many hospitals where chaplains are really desired,
and none arc provided except such as render vol-
untary service.
Mr. FOSTER. I understood the amendment
would accomplish that object. If it does not, I
presume the Senator from Minnesota will so mod-
ify it as that the President shall have the power
of appointment as a continuing power.
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Secretary report
the amendment? I maybe mistaken in regard
to it.
The Secretary read it; to strike out the tenth
section of the bill, and insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the appointments of chaplains to the Aimy hos-
pitals, as made by the President of the United States, are
hereby approved, and the chaplains so appointed shall be
compensated for their services in the same manner as regi-
mental chaplains.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
some member of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs what is the present number of chaplains in
the service, both regular and irregular volunteers.
I do not know anything about it; but I suppose
there must be a good many of these chaplains,
whore regiments are divided up, who are not on
duty; and, if so, I should think some of them
might perform this duty at hospitals.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are only six hun-
dred of them.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio says
we have six hundred chaplains. I understand
we have seven hundred and twenty regiments.
Am I correct?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the last report I had
from the Paymaster General. If we have that
number of regiments, we must have nearly that
number of chaplains. I should like to know how
many there are, before we vote to increase the
number greatly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Every regi-
ment of the volunteers is, by law, entitled to one
chaplain, and no more; and I suppose neaily all
of these regiments have one chaplain. It maybe
that they do not need these chaplains; but every
regiment is entitled to one, and can have but one.
This bill simply proposes that the President shall
appoint a few chaplains for the permanent hos-
pitals; and as we had the impression that the
regimental chaplains were paid too much, higher
than we would now give them, if we had this to
do over again; higher than we would have given
last summer if they had not entered the service
under the promise of this compensation from the
Government, we thought wc would fix the com-
pensation of chaplains for hospitals at the same
rate as that received by post chaplains in the reg-
ular Army. I thought when we made that prop-
osition it was enough; and I think so now.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me that the sec-
tion of the bill is right as it is. If I understand
the subject, it provides for the payment of these
chaplains that are to serve in the hospitals, the
same as the chaplains of the regular Army re-
ceive, which, I think, is the pay of a captain of
infantry.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. GRIMES. The pay of a captain of cav-
alry.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I am right. The chap-
lains of the volunteer regiments receive the same
pay as captains of cavalry. The post chaplains
connected with the regular Army receive the
pay of captains of infantry, which 1 understand
amounts to about one hundred and twenty-five
dollars a month. The chaplains that go into the
field with regiments'  
Mr. FOSTER. If the gentleman will allow me,
the act of July 5, 1838, creating the office of post
chaplain, makes it lawful foi the officers compos-
ing the council of administration at any post from
time to time to employ person;- as ehaplains, their
pay not to exceed forty dollars a month. By the
act of February 21,1857, twenty dollars per month
was added, so that they are now entitled to sixty
dollars per mon|, That is their pay, and that is
all of their pay proper.
Mr. HARLAjN. I will inquire of the Senator
from Connecticut if they are not paid certain al-
lowances for rations and quarters?
Mr. FOSTER. They have rations.
Mr. HARLAN. And forage?
Mr. FOSTER. No forage. Volunteer chap-
lains have.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire'if the Senator
from Connecticut can inform the Senate how much
they receive per month, or per annum, including
all allowances. ^
Mr. FOSTER. I cannot, precisely. It is not
exceeding sixty dollars per month, four rations a
day, quarters and fuel.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been informed privately
by a Senator near me that it amounts to between
eleven and twelve hundred dollars per annum. The
Senatepays its Chaplain $750a year. The House
of Representatives pays its Chaplain the same
amount. I suppose this small compensation arises
from the consideration that the Senate and House
usually employ ministers who are in charge of
congregations in the city. They do not always
do this. They sometimes employ ministers of re-
ligion from abroad; and yet they pay them but
§750 a year, and never have any difficulty in pro-
curing a high order of talent. These chaplains
that are to serve in hospitals will usually be em-
ployed from among the ministers of the various
congregations residing in the towns and cities
where the hospitals are located, and there will not
be, in my judgment, the slightest difficulty in se-
curing the highest order of talent for the amount
of money proposed in the section as it now stands.
If they are to receive under this section as it now
stands between eleven and twelve hundred dol-
lars a year,- there will be no difficulty, I am sure,
in procuring the highest order of talent for this
class of service. Hence I am opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, persons of the
highest order of talent arc not needed for this ser-
vice. They would be out of place in performing
it. I should be opposed to appointing such men.
I should be opposed also to appointing men who
have charge of a parish, or who are regular stated
preachers in any town where there may be a hos-
pital; because it is impossible for men, no matter
how high the order of talent may be, to perform
the duty required of them in these hospitals and
at the same time to attend to their parish duties; it
is out of the question. If the object is to appoint
such men who thus have a charge which should
and does probably occupy all their time, it is use-
less, or next to useless, to make any appoint-
ment at all. The duties that are required of these
men are of a totally different character from those
which we ordinarily understand to be called for
from men of the highest order of talent. It is to
be in these hospitals where there arc sick and dying
men, and to attend to their spiritual wants from
day to day and fiom night to night, uniemit-
tingly. Labor is required without ceasing in
these hospitals; and if a man has a parish, it is
out of the question for him to attend to his duties
in the hospital. Take the case of from one to two
or three hundred men, sick, wounded, and dying.
The idea of a clergyman of a parish attending to
his duties m the parish and really performing any
effective service 111 a hospital of that kind, having
from one hundred to three hundred men to see
and converse with, and minister to from day to
day and night to night, is simply impossible. We
had better not make any appointments at all than
to do this. If we can get self-denying, patient,
pious, devoted men, who will go into these hos-
pitals, and devote their time to the sick and
wounded, they ought to be paid for it; and if we
cannot do it, it had better be let alone altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa what he thinks the
average compensation of clergymen of different
I denominations throughout the country is?
I Mr. IIARLAN. It would be veiy difficult to
! answer the question propounded by the Senator
' from Maine, though I am quite certain that the
1 average pay they receive will not equal the amount
• proposed by this section,
Mr SHERMAN. 1 think the Senate ought
