56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
debate, and can only be done by consent of the
House.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL,, of Vermont. The question I
desire to ask is, whether these books are now on
hand for distribution?
- Mr. MAYNARD. I am so apprised.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am advised
to the contrary.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was laid on the table.
ALMGN W. BABBITT.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Atfalrs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
relief of the administrators of the estate of the late Almon
W. Babbitt, late Secretary of the Territory of Utah ; and
that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
Mr. BERNHISEL asked the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ofpiovidin? for the purchase
of books for the territorial libraries of New Mexico, Utah,
Washington, and Nebraska, by appropriating$500 foreach
of said Territories, to be expended under tlie direction of
the Secretary of tlie Interior; and that said committee
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
EXEMPTION OF WITNESSES. - -
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to introduce a bill
to repeal a portion of the second section of the act
entitled " An act to more effectually enforce the
attendance of witnesses on the summons of either
House of Congress, and to compel them to dis-
cover testimony*" and ask to have it put on its
passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that bill
had better take its regular course.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman object
to the introduction of the resolution, and its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Thegentleman will
haye the right to introduce it in five minutes, if
the regular call is proceeded with. I ask for the
regular order of business.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then proceed
to call committees for reports.
HAYTI AND LIBERIA.
Mr. McKNIGHT, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all memorials, resolutions, and documents
on the liles of the House, or hereafter introduced, relating
to the recognition of tlie Republics of llayti andLiberia.be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PRINTING OP TltEASDKY REPORT.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That fifteen thousand extra copies of the annua!
report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
finances 1)8 piinted foi the use of the House, and one thou-
sand copies for the use of the TieasuryDepaitment.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ALDRICH. My attention was diverted
for the moment when the Committee on Indian
Affairs was called. I ask the consent of the House
to report from that committee the following reso-
lution:
ResoUei, That the Committee on Indian Affairs lie, and
hereby is, authorized to employ a eleik during the present
Congress, at the usual pay per diem.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
INTERFERENCE WITH MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid before
the House a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a report of the Secretary
of State, in reply to the resolution of the House !
of the 4th instant, relative to the intervention of
certain European Powers in the affairs of Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WESTERN FLOTILLA.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a report of the
(Quartermaster General, setting forth the neces-
sity ef early provision being made to meet the ex-
penses of constructing the armed flotilla on the
western rivers, and respectfully inviting the atten-
tion of Congress thereto; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories forthe introduction of bills
and resolutions.
SOLDIERS' LETTERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the followingres-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs bo re-
quested to report to tb is House as to the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the transmission bymail, tree of postage,
the letters of officers, soldiers, marines, and seamen, in the
service of the Aimy and Navy of the United .States, and,
if in their judgment deemed expedient, abill to this effect.
PHILADELPHIA BOARD OF TRADE.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, presented
certain resolutions of the Board of Trade of the
city of Philadelphia; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered,andagreed to:
Rewli-eil, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
horehy authorized to inqune into the expediency of dis-
pensing with regimental bands.
ALEXANDER IIAY.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I ask the consent
of the House to withdraw from the files of the
House the petition and papers of Alexander
Hay, and refer them to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. Papers can be withdrawn and
referred underthe rule.
FORFEITURE OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced abill to forfeit the
property and slaves of persons who shall engage
in or aid and abet armed rebellion against the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REBEL PROPERTY IN ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. BINGHAM also submitted a joint reso-
lution directing the provost court of Alexandria,
Virginia, to retain and safely keep any property
now in custody of said court, taken as the prop-
erty of persons engaged in rebellion against the
United States, until the furtheraction of Congress
in reference to the final disposition thereof; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM asked that the joint resolution
be put upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is a tribunal
not known to our laws. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move, then, to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
F. B. WALLACE.
Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs:
Whereas the ptoperty of Mr. F. 13. Wallace, a resident of
tiie city of Lexington, State of Missouri, havin0- been de-
stroyed on the 13th day of September, 1861, by'the Union
forces under the command of Colonel James A. Mulligan
during the siege of Lexington by the icbels : Therefore 5
Resolved, That the matter be irfcirrd to the Secretary
of War, together with the accompanying documents and
proof*, and that he be directed to settle tlie same according
to terms of equity and justice. ®
CONVEYANCE OV TROOPS.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following roso-
lution; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tlmt the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire, fust, wl.etherany of the 1atl10.11] compa-
nies, whose railroads have been constructed m whole or in
part by donations in lands from the United Slates, accented
frucli donations on the condition that the troops and muni-
tions o! wai of the United States should be transpoited ovei
such roads tree ol chaige; and if so, second, what nniioad
companies have received donations of land on the condition
aiotcsaid. Third, whether such acceptance of land so do-
nated coilfei mi upon the United States the unqualified rndit
to the free transportation of troops and munitions of war orer
such loads by the companies oulering the same : and if not
the character (it,the limitations on such light: ,md that said
isr^cSLr/iod1!10 proposm°"s afore&aw i
EXEMPTION OF WITNESSES.
Mr. LOVEJOY introduced a bill to repeal a
portion of the second section of the act entitled
"An act more effectually to enforce the attend-
ance of witnesses on the summons of either
House of Congress, and to compel them to dis-
cover testimony;" which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. LOVEJOY asked that the bill be put on
its passage.
Mr. COX. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to make a single
statement in connection with this subject. There
are, I suppose, witnesses being examined every
day before committees of investigation. As the
law now stands, every man who is so examined
is exempt from criminal prosecution in any court,
and consequently any one who is guilty, if he can
get himself examined before one of those com-
mittees, must be permitted to go free of punish-
ment. I introduced such a bill as this at the last
session of Congress, but there was not time to
act upon it. I think the bill ought to be passed at
once; but if there be objection, I will let it go to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. I think this bill ought to beconsidered
carefully. There have been difficulties growing
up under this hasty legislation about witnesses.
The Judiciary Committee has the opportunity of
reporting every day, and I should suppose the
gentleman would prefer that the bill should come
before the House under the sanction of that com-
mittee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it is important that
the bill should pass at once; but as there is objec-
tion, let it go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was accordingly referred.
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
Mr. LOVEJOY submitted the following reso-
lution, and moved the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill establishing diplomatic lelatirms
between the Government of the United States and the
Governments of llayti and Liberia.
Mr. COX. I will say that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs 1ms already that subject under
consideration, and will report as soon as they
have examined the subject thoroughly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And I will also
suggest that this is a resolution of positive in-
structions.
_ Mr. LOVEJOY. "Will the Committee on For-
eign Affairs report in accordance with these in-
structions? If they will, I have no objection to
withdrawing the resolution.
Mr. COX. I cannot answer that question.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for teller s on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lehman and
Shanks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty in the affirmative.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. COX. I propose to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will then go over under
the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose now to
debate that resolution. We want no negro em-
bassadors here.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes over
under the rules.
STEAM NAVIGATION.
Mr. ARNOLD. I offer the following resolu-
tion: b
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of enlarging the
Illinois and Michigan canal, so an to open steam naviga-
tion between the Mississippi rivei and the lakes.
The resolution was adopted.
BRIGADIER GENEKAL NATHANIEL LYON.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, expressive of tlie recognition by
Congress of the gallant and patriotic services of
the late Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, and of
the officers and soldiers under his command at the
battle of Springfield.
The Cleric read, as follows:
Resolved by Ihe Senate and House of Rcvresenttilii'es in
Congress assembled, 1. That Congie^ deems it just find
propei to enter upon its records a recognition of the omi-
