1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2999
the persons named in the list to appear and show cause why
the person or persons owing labor or service should not be
discharged therefrom, under this act, at the next term of said
court; and on failure of any one to appear and claim the ser-
vice or labor of any of the persons reported to owe the same,
such person or petsons Uiali be declared jree by the court;
and on appearance the claimant shall file with his applica-
tion an affidavit tiiat he lias not belonged and does not be-
long to any of the classes of persons specified in the first sec-
tion of this act; and that he will forever bear true faith and
allegiance to the United States; and if not being compre-
hended in eitherof theclasses specified in the first, second,
third, fourth, or fifth specifications of the first section of this
act, he shall have been engaged in armed rebellion against
the Governmentof the United States,after having received
sixty days5 warning by proclamation of the President, as
above provided, and shall allege that he has been so engaged
under compulsion, he shall, in addition, state in his affida-
vit the fact and the manner of compulsion, and prove the
same, prima facie, to the satisfaction of the court j and upon
*moh affidavit having been filed and proof made, the attor-
ney for the United States, or any one on behalf of the per-
son held to service 01 labor, must prove to the satisfaction
of the court that the claimant did so engage in armed rebel-
lion, without the compulsion alleged, and on failure of such
pioofthe person whose seivice or labor is claimcd shall be
restored to the claimant; but on the failure or refusal of any
claimant to take any affidavit above required, or to prove
the compulsion when it is alleged as an excusc, the court
shall declare the person who^e service or labor is claimed
free from such service or labor; but upon the affidavit and
proof (as the case may be) required by this section having
been exhibited by the claimant, the person so held to ser-
vice or labor shall be declated free, where, upon the weight
of evidence which shall be adduced, it shall satisfactorily
appeal to the couit that the claimant has belonged or doe's
belong to any of the six classes of persons specified in the
first scctiou of this act. Upon the hearing of this question
neither party shall be permitted to testify, and the court
shall cause piocess to be issued for witnesses on behalf of
eithci pariy and compel their attendance, and shall hear the
testimony of all witnesses, as well on behalf of the person
held to service or labor of the claimant; and the court shall
give cvfiiy person so declared free a certificate of the fact
under the &eal of the court; and such certificate shall be
conclusive evidence of the freedom of such person from all
service or labor against all persons whatsoever, and In ail
courts of the States or of the United Suites; and any per-
son ^o declared free, if thereafter seized or imprisoned or
held in duress in any way by any person under a claim to
such pei son's service or labor, shall be forthwith discharged,
on habeas corpus, by any court or judge of the United States;
and tho court or judge acting ou said writ shall commit foi
trial for kidnapping the person so holding the said ficed
man; and on conviction of seizing or holding the said freed
man, knowing hint to have been declared free by aeouitof
the United States, the peison so convicted shall be sen-
tenced to be confined to haul labor in the penitentiary for
not less than one year nor more than five yt <u> ; and any
person eoiruptly swearing falsely m any proceeding undei
this aot shall be gu.lly of perjury, and liable, 011 conviction,
to the penalties theieof.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That any person or per-
sons held to service or labor by persons embraced in the
classes specified in the fiist section of this act, if omitted
from the commissioner's list, may, 011 summary application
to the disttict court of the United Stales for the district in
which he resides, be placed on thelist,and shall he entitled
to the same pioceedings and benefits, and subject and en-
titled to the same judgments, and.to be dealt with in the
same mariner as if Ins. name had been placed on the list by
the commissioners; and if the commissioners cannot com-
plete their lists prior to the first teim of the district couitof
the United States for any district, they shall be allowed to
continue and pursue their investigations till they shall be
completed and ended; and the compensation of each shall
be not more than .$2,000.
Si.c. 4. <dnd he it further enacted, That no person dis-
chaigod under this act or the act entitled "An act to con-
fiscate propei ty used for insurrectionary purposes," ap-
proved August G, I80I, nor the descendants of any such
person, shall over be reduced to involuntary servitude by
any law or icgulation of any State; and every such person
shall always be entitled to be discharged by any court or
judgd of the United States, on habeas corpus, from any such
servitude.
Sec. 5. Jlndbcitfurther enacted, That whenever any per-
son or persons claiming to be entitled to the sei vice 01 labor
of any other person or persons, commonly called slaves,
shall seek to enforce such claim, he or they (as the case may-
be) shall, in the fir-^t instance, and before any oidcr shall
be made foi tho sm r^ndei of the person, establish, not only
a legal and valid el mm to such service or labor, but also
make and file an affidavittluu he or they have not belonged
and do not belong to any of the classes of persons specmed
in the fir>t section of this act; and it Uiall bo a sufficient
defence to any such claim that the claimant has beionged
or does belong to either of said classes.
sec. c. *dnd be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to negotiate (or the ac-
quisition, by tieaty or otherwise, of lands or countries in
Mexico, Central America, or South America, or in the isl-
ands ot the Gulf of jMcxico, or for the light of settlement
upon the lands of said countries; and whenever any lands
shall have been so acquired, or whenever the right of settle-
ment shall have been so secured in any of said countries,then
the PreMdentshall cau«-e all the persons who shall have been
liberated under the provisions of this actio be removed, with
then own consent, at such times and undersueh regulations
as he may deem expedient, to the countries so acquired,or
in which the right of settlement has been so secured, and
shall cause a reasonable quantity of land, not exceeding
forty acres to any individual, or eighty acres to the head of
a family, to be set apart for the u<-e of such liberated per-
sons and shall guaranty to all such person so removed all
the civil and political lights secured to all other citizens in
said countries; and for the purpose of paying the expense
of the purchase of such lauds or countries as aforesaid, (if
the same cannot be acquired by treaty,) and the removal
of said persons, the President shall use such moneys as
Congress may from time to time direct, arising out of the
sales of the property formerly owned by rebels, and which
shall have been confiscated to the use of the United States.
Sec. 7. Jlml be it further enacted, That every peison em-
braced in any of the classes specified in section one of this
act shall forever hereafter be incapaple of holding or exer-
cising any office of honor, trust, or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the motion
of the Senator from Illinois, if persisted in,will open
the debate we have had on confiscation, as well as
the whole question of emancipation. It is an un-
usual motion; perhaps strictly parliamentary, but
unusual. It seeks to substitute for a bill which
we have been discussing; for months another bill
ly:ng on the table. Now, if he will look a mo-
ment at the practical effect of his motion, I think
he will see that it will defeat his own object. The
Senator is certainly a friend of confiscation, and a
friend of the emancipation of the slaves of rebels.
If his proposition should be adopted, what would
b^the effect of it? You would send back to the
House as an amendment to a confiscation bill an-
other bill that has no reference to confiscation, but
to emancipation. You will be no nearer a con-
clusion upon any subject than you were when you
commenced; you will involve yourself in a dis-
pute with the House which, on its face, is an ab-
surdity. You reject one of their bills by sending
them another, which they have passed. It is an
absurd proposition.
Mr. President, I desire to secure the strongest
measure of confiscation that this Congress will
pass. So far as the emancipation of slaves is con-
cerned, I am probably far behind the great ma-
jority of my political friends. I do not look upon
immediate and general emancipation as a result to
be desired. If I had the power to emancipate all the
slaves in this country,I should hesitate very much
to do it until 1 had some provision for their gov-
ernment, for their education, for their protection,
and for their colonization. But upon the question
of confiscation, I have clear convictions that it is
our right and our duty to seize tho property of all
the leading rebels, and apply it for the use of the
Government in suppressing the rebellion. I there-
fore desire, by some practical proposition, to get
the largest measure of confiscation which the ma-
jority of this Senate and of the other House is
willing to extend. The bill that has been adopted
as an amendment is a bill which has been framed
by a select committee, and it has been considered
fully and fairly. It is not such a measure as 1
prefer. I have voted against it, and I shall con-
tinue to vote against it, as an amendment to the
House bill; but when it appears to be the strong-
est measure of confiscation a majority of this body
are willing to adopt, then I shall vote for it. It
contains many excellent provisions. Gentlemen
who favor other measures of confiscation are very
much mistaken if they say this bill now adopted
as an amendment will be nugatory. If they will
read it, and carefully examine it, they will see
that it will bo almost as effective a measure of
confiscation as any other, if the President of the
United States will perform what T conceive to be
his duty under it. It confers upon the President
of the tlnited States discretionary power to do all
and more than is required to be done under the
House bill; far more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorcertainly has
not examined it. The bill that has been adopted
as an amendment does not forfeit the property of
a single officer in the rebel army.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment that has
been adopted goes upon the principle which has
been thoroughly discussed here, that no property
shall be taken and confiscated finally until there
is a judicial trial. That is the basis on which it
is framed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, 110; it does not pro-
vide for a trial at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Did I understand the Senator
from Ohio propeily when I thought he remarked
that the property of no rebel was to be taken or
confiscated under the bill until there was a judicial
sentence against him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I suppose
the Senator from Michigan and myself are per-
fectly familiar with both bills, because we have
read them and conned them over. I say the bill
as now amended requires the President to seize
the property of the rebels and hold it until a trial
can be bad.
Mr. HOWARD. With great respect, if the
Senator will allow me, such is not the provision
of the bill at all. The property is confiscated and
the title declared, to be absolutely forfeited, al-
though no trial may ever take place, and although
no party may ever be brought into court, and al-
though the party, when brought into court and
tried ultimately, shall turn out to be absolutely
innocent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not go over that. It
has been sufficiently gone over in the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the bill to be clearly
understood. That is the object of my rising. T
wish to have it understood; so that, when gentle-
men come to vote, they shall vote intelligently, so
far as my humble efforts can enable them to do so.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow me to suggestthatl trust he will not be
restrained from going over the discussion again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do feel myself restrained,
although 1 have not taken any time heretofore,
from going over the discussion again. I will not
follow the remark of the Senator from Michigan.
What I have stated in regard to the bill of the
Senator from "New Hampshire is true. I have
read it ojper and over again; and the Senators here
who framed it, and who know all about it, say
that that is the legal principle upon which it is
founded.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will pardon
me a moment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not yield. I would do
it in any other case; but I do not wish to reopen
the debate.
Mr. HOWARD. I assert that that is not the
principle of the bill. It is a misapprehension.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio, declining to yield the floor, will pro-
ceed without interruption.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to go into the
dispute which w« have had here for three or four
days between the opponents and friends of this
bill. I simply desire to give the reasons why I shall
vote against this motion to prevent a practical re-
sult of this controversy. Sir, I am sick and tired
of this debate. There has not been a single argu-
ment on this subject of confiscation but what was
exhausted in the first month of the discussion. I
believe the argument against the doctrine of con-
fiscation was substantially exhausted by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] in his first
very able speech. I therefore do not wish to re-
open the discussion; nor will I stand in the way
of any practical solution of this difficulty. It js
as plain as day that there is a difference between
the Republican members on this floor on the sub-
ject. Probably a majority of them desire a prop-
osition at least as stringent as that contained in
the House bill. A minority of them desire only
a bill like that which has now been adopted as an
amendment. As a matter of course, those who
are opposed.to all confiscation measures will vote
with those who favor the least and the smallest
confiscation measure. Because they have suc-
ceeded in carrying a majority of the Senate in
favor of their views, I will not stand in the way
of some practical bill, even if it does not go far
enough. It is always better, in a legislative body,
when you cannot have your own way, to do the
best you can. It is a principle by which 1 have
always been governed; and I will not resort to
any other. If the motion of thu Senator from Il-
linois prevails,all this debate will be opened again;
and then, if he should succeed in carrying his
proposition, you have no practical results. You
send back to the House of Representatives, as an
amendment to one bill, another bill which they
have passed; and you have the dispute over again.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me the best
way to get along with this matter would be this:
every Senator has made up his mind upon it; let
us have as many votes as may be desired, (and
under pat liamentary law you can get three or four,)
to test the sense of the Senate as to which of these
two bills they prefer; and if a majority of the Sen-
ate are in favor of tho bill as framed by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, let us pass it, and send
it to the House. If the House agree to it, then
we have a modified quasi confiscation bill at any
