1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2039
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The office was created,
but no appropriation was made to pay the officer.
The salary was fixed at $3,000. I have a letter
in my hand addressed to the Senator from Maine
as chairman of the Committee of Finance, on the
subject.
JMr. PESSENDEN. I never saw it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was presented to our
committee by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan.]
Mr. HARLAN. There has been no appro-
priation made for this service, and the law lias
created the office. I believe the officer has been
appointed, and of course he will have to be paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin says this letter was addressed to me. I
have never seen the letter.
Mr. HARLAN. It was handed to me by you
without reading. Let the letter be read at the
desk. It is from the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shoilW like to hear it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
March 18, 1862.
Sir : The sixth section of an act of Congress approved
14th Match, 1862, is as lollows :
" Jlnd be it 1 wither enacted, That the President shall ap-
point, in the 'Department ot the Interioi, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a competent person who
shall be called the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, whose
salary shall be $3,000, payable in the same manner as the
salary of the Secretary of the Interior, who shall perform
such duties in the Department of the Interior as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary, or may be re<juiied by law, and
who bhail act as the Secretary of the Interior in the absence
of that officer."
Congress having failed to make any appiopnation for the
compensation of said Assistant Secrctaiy of the Inteuor,
I icspeetfully request that the following items be inserted
in an appropnation bill tor the amount that will beiequired
for such salary:
For compensation of Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
pei actof Utli Maich, I860, lioin Mih Maichto30ih June,
186 2    $900
For compensation of the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior durmj? the fiscal vear ending 30th June,
186 3 "  3,000
t am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
' ' WATT J. SMITH,
, feting Secretary.
Hon. W. P. Fessenden,
Chairman Committee on finance, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the appropriation
ought to bo made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. If all the amendments are
HOW through, I have a suggestion to make to the
Senator from Maine. There are one or two mat-
tery in connection with the Department of State
in regard to which I should like to move propo-
sitions of amendment to this bill. I am not able
to do so to-day; I did not expect the bill to come
up to-day; and with reference to one of them, the
matter is not yet in a condition to enable me to
make a proposition in regard to it; but I think
that I shall be able to do so next week. If the
Senator from Maine will allow the bill to lie un-
• til next week I shall then be in a condition to make
the propositions which I think I shall desire.
Mr. PESSENDEN. As this may be possibly
the last bill on which there will be an opportunity
to put the Senator's amendments regularly, if he
will let the bill be taken outof committee and our
amendments be passed upon in the Senate, I shall
not then object to the bill going over, and he can
propose his amendments in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill b
still open to amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that by com-
mon consent this bill is to lie over until next week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made to that course, the bill will lie on the
table. .
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
Mr. POSTER, from the select committee ap-
pointed to consider and report upon the message
of the House of Representatives in relation to the
impeachment of West H. Humphreys, judge of
the district court of the United States for the sev-
eral districts of Tennessee, reported the following
resolution:
Wheieas the House of Representatives, on the 7th day of
the present month, by twoof their members,Mcssis. Bing-
ham and PENDtETON, at the bar of the Senate impeached
West H. Humphreys, jud£g of the district court of tiie Uni-
ted States for the several districts of Tennessee, of high
crimes and misdemeanors, and infoimed the Senate tiiat
the House of Representatives will in due time exhibit par-
ticular articles of impeachment against liiin, and make good
the same; and likewise demanded that the Senate take
order for the appearance of the said West H. Humphreys
to answer the said impeachment: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Senate will take pioper order thereon,
of which due notice shall be given to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to; and the Secretary was di-
rected to notify the House of Representatives of
the resolution.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Territories:
A bill (No. 357) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Arizona, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (No 437) to extend the territorial limits
of the Territory of Nevada.
THE TAX DILL.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that five hundred
extra copies of the amendment presented as a sub-
stitute by myself to the bill (H. R. No. 312) to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment and1 pay interest on the public debt, be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion,
under the rules of the Senate, goes to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print live hundred additional copies of an
amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Mc-
Dougall to the bill (I-I. R. No. 312) to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, and
pay interest on the public debt, reported in favor
of the motion; and the report was ugreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO SMNDAY.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is no other busi-
ness before the Senate, I should like to call up the
bill which was under consideration yesterday. I
move to take up the bill (S. No. 292) for the col-
lection of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts
within the United States, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am not very familiar with
the provisions of this bill; but according to my
recollection, having heaid it read at the desk here
once, and having heard the explanation of the
Senator from Wisconsin in regard to it, it seems
to me that it is so intimately connected with the
other grand subject of confiscation which we have
had under consideration, that it ought tobe re-
feued to the select committee on confiscation for
consideration and report. I throw out that sug-
gestion. I do not mean to take the bill out of the
possession of the Senator from Wisconsin or the
control of the Senate, but it is a subject kindred
to that referred to the select committee, and it
seems to me that it would be well to have that
committee consider and report upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me that this
bill is, in no way whatever, in conflict with the
confiscation bills pending before the Senate. If
Senators have not yet examined this bill, so as to
be prepared to act upon it, as is suggested to me,
I have no objection to fixing it for some day next
week, and let it come up then. I do not desire to
press it for action against the wish of the Senate
now, but I want it acted upon. I do not think it
is necessary that it should be referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not make any motion. I
merely made a suggestion.
Mr. WADE. I think it had better be read. We
can get that fur.
Mr. GRIMES. It was read yesterday, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that this bill has not been read at length;
the former bill introduced by the Senator from
Wisconsin was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i will explain that, instead
of its being read at length,! stated yesterday sub-
stantially the provisions of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to iuqnirei£
this is not substantially, and, indeed, almost ver-
batim, the same bill that was before the Finance .
Committee. If so, the Finance Committee re-
ported upon it, and asked to be discharged froni
its consideration. If it is_ the same bill,.there-*
fore, it has been once considered in a committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Finance Committee
reported it back, and asked that it might lie on the
table, without making any recommendation in re
gard to it. I do not know that the Finance Com-
mittee ever considered it a great deal, but they
reported it back, and asked that itlie on the table;
and it was lying on the table-when my friendfrom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who desires some-
times to malfe a clean sweep of the Calendar came
in one morning and moved that a certain list of
bills should be indefinitely postponed, this among
the rest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this the same bill in
substance ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That having been done,
I found myself under the necessity of introducing
the same proposition in the shape of a new bill,
and it is substantially the same, although there
are some modifications in the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is intimately con-
nected with financial matters; it is in aid of the
collection of the tax which was laid at the last
session of Congress. I examined the bill some-
what as it was originally introduced; I have not
compared this bill with that to see what the changes
arc; I am not sure that it is not a very excellent
bill; but it seems to me that as it is connected di-
rectly with the collection of taxes, if it is consid-
ered by any committee it ought to be considered
by the Finance Committee. If they have con-
sidered it already it is not necessary to refer it
now; but if they have not, it strikes me it should
be referred to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On looking it over, the
Finance Committee came to the conclusion unan-
imously that the bill involved constitutional and
legal questions of importance, and that it was pe-
culiarly appropriate for consideration by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and for that reason, and
that only, as they deemed that that was the place
where it could be thoroughly and well considered,
they instructed me to report it back, and have it
laid on the table. I did so. I then gave notice to
my friend from Wisconsin that I had done so, and
that he might make such disposition of it as ho
saw fit. He did not move immediately on the sub-
ject, and it went to the tomb under the ministra-
'tion of my friend from Massachusetts, as has been
stated. Although 1 know that my friend from
Wisconsin can do as well as any other single man,
I think that in a case of this description, a bill of
this character ought to be considered by a com-
mittee. It is very well known that we must trust
to the committees to a great extent for bills. Mem-
bers cannot read them all. We pass, and prop-
erly pass, bills on the faith of the examination ot
committees. I think that the Committee on the
Judiciary is the proper committee for the consid-
eration of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it is a revenue bill
entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may result, possibly,
in collecting some revenue; but it is a mere mat-
ter of machinery for disposing of property where
taxes are not paid, and it belongs more particu-
larly to the Committee on the Judiciary, for it in-
volves constitutional questions. 1 move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no special objection
to its going to the Committee on the Judiciary, of
which my honorable friend fiom Illinois is chair-
man; but if it goes, I do not wish to have it go
with any special instructions when it is tcr be re-
ported back, though I hope it will be with the
understanding that it is to be reported back at a
very early day. This bill was introduced by me
before Christmas last; it went to the Committee
on Finance, and was reported back, and laid on
the table; and my intention was to have the thing
brought up for the action of the Senate when the
bill was first introduced. I therefore called the
attention of the Senate to it, and now I beg to say
to my friends around me that there is agreatdeal
more in this bill than they have thought of. It
they will give their attention to it, it is all I ask,
and I think they will be satisfied that there is nb
