2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
constitutional objection to any of its provisions,
and that we may pass it with almost a unanimous
vote.
Nobody doubts our right to collect taxes of
every person in the United States, loyal or dis-
loyal. Nobody doubts our power to give the right
of redemption to men who do not pay their taxes;
and having given once the right of redemption to
those who do not pay their taxes, making itgen-
eral and uniform as to all, we may, for special rea-
sons, give to other persons a still further right of
redemption on theirshowingcertain facts, namely,
that in consequcnce of this insurrection they have
been unable to pay their taxes, and that that in-
ability they have not brought upon themselves by
being in any way connected with the insurrection
which has causedthe inability; and therefore you
may say, perhaps, that it incidentally reaches the
same result which you may aim at by your con-
fiscation bills of getting the real estate of these
traitors. It may do for that, if they do not pay
their taxes, and very likely they will not, but still
the principle upon which the bill goes is altogether
different from the principle upon which the con-
fiscation bills rest. Itgoes upon the common prin-
ciple, familiar to every body, that nobody disputes,
the right to assess land for taxes, and if the taxes
are not paid, to sell the land.
Mr. President, I shall not oppose this motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary
if it be persisted in; but I have felt called upon to
say thus much, and to notify my honorable friend
from Illinois, if he takes charge ofthc bill, that I
desire to have it considered early, and reported to
the Senate; and I want it taken up, and acted upon
speedily. My hope was that we could act upon
it now, before the great tax bill shall be consid-
ered, and before the bill that will be reported by
the select committee on the subject of confisca-
tion, provided they agree, as is suggested to me.
I presume they will ngrce upon a bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that the most
proper committee to which to refer this bill is the
select committee on confiscation. I have found,
from experience here, which is short it is true,
that it is always well to have a committee of that
kind to which to refer a question of this sort which
is of a mixed character, that neither the Judiciary
Committee nor the Finance Committee is willing
to receive and take charge of. The last remark
• that was made by the Senator from Wisconsin
satisfies me that that is the proper committee, be-
cause this is one of the methods by which ho
thinks confiscation may be reached.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By which we can get the
land, if the taxes are not paid.
Mr. GRIMES. As the probability is, as he has
assumed it to be, that the taxes will not be paid,
if we had a proper and efficient tax law passed,
we could reach the very purposes that are sought
by some gentlemen to be reached by virtue of a
confiscation bill. It seems to me that this may
possibly be the very bill which is to lead us out
of the wilderness of our troubles, if it shall be re-
ferred to the committee on confiscation. Of course,
I have no disposition to take it away from any of
these committees. I merely throw out this sug-
gestion. It occurs to me that that is the proper
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is manifestly no
propriety in referring this bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, unless it should be for the rea-
son suggested in a conversational way by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] that
Senators want to get it before a harmonious and
agreeing committee. There maybe some force
in that, but it properly belongs, if to any commit-
tee, to the Committee on Finance; and it has been
once there, and been considered to some extent
by that committee. The Senator from Maine sug-
gests that there is a constitutional question in-
volved in it. How is it in the large tax bill? I
suspect that there are a hundred constitutional
questions in that. I have no doubt there will be
at least a hundred constitutional scruples about
that tax bill when it comes before the Senate.
Mr. FLSSENDEN. 1 can inform my friend
that there is not the slightest difficulty about that.
His colleague upon the Committee on the Judi-
ciary [Mr. Cowan] is a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and no such question has been
raised there in regard to the tax bill. I Laughter 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am very glad tfat the
Committee on Finance have got that long tax bill
in such a shape that no onetan raise a constitu-
tional objection to it. If that be so, I certainly
think this bill should go to that same committee,'
for if they have the happy faculty of going
through with that large bill, which proposes to
raise one hundred and fifty or two hundred mil-
lions of dollars a year, without running against
the Constitution, and without anybody raising a
constitutional question in regard to it, they are
certainly the very committee of all others to take
charge of this.bill, that is only calculated to raise
about twenty millions, I believe. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary certainly have no connection
whatever with a bill for the collection of taxes,
and I would just as soon thinjc of referring to
them the general tax bill as this particular one.
Indeed I know no reason for referring it at all. I
suppose the Committee on Finance examined it
sufficiently to have some opinion in regard to
whether it ought to pass or not, and if they are
satisfied of it, I am quite willing that it should
come up for action in the Senate. I hope what-
ever disposition may be made of it, it will not be
sent to the Judiciary Committee. I do not think
it properly belongs to that committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot perceive, myself, al-
though I profess to have some astuteness in rela-
tion to constitutional questions, how such a ques-
tion can arise in regard to this bill. It steems to
mo that it involves very plain and commonplace
principles alone. Here are the lands of certain
citizens of the United States, the proper subject of
taxation. The bill proposes a mode in which the
taxes upon those lands shall be assessed; and if
they are not paid it merely provides that the lands
shall be sold, as in ordinary cases, for payment of
the taxes. I believe that is about the sum and
substance of the bill. It seems to me thatall that
is very plain matter. I do not see any necessity
for referring the bill to the Committee on Finance,
or the Committee on the Judiciary, or any other
committee. I think that if there was a little spirit
of industry in the Senate at this time, they could
take up this bill and pass it in an hour, and they
would in that way produce a revenue measure to
the country that would yield a very considerable
amount of revenue. I think it ought to be done.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have no choice as to what com-
mittee this bill shall go to. I do not know but
that the Senator from Kentucky is entirely correct
ill saying that there is no necessity for its going
to either committee. I know that it has once been
before the Committee on Finance, of which I am
a member, and with my consent it was reported
back to the Senate with a. recommendation that it
should be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. That course "was suggested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and I assented
to it, I am obliged to confess, without having had
absolutely the time to examine the bill to know
to wTiat committee it ought most appropriately to
go. Butthe measure,! understand,is introduced
here for the purpose of collecting revenue in a por-
tion of the country in which we have not found it
very convenient, for a year past or more, to collect
revenue; and as such a measure it is undoubtedly
one of great importance, and it is entitled to the
consideration of the Senate; it is entitled to the
consideration, 1 have no manner of doubt, of any
committee of the Senate to which we see fit to re-
fer it. I should be entirely willing to have it go
to the Judiciary Committee. I do not see any pro-
priety in sending it to the special committee to
which have been referred the various confiscation
bills. I should be entirely willing, if any such
motion were made, to have it go back to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and we being rather more dis-
engaged from labor than we have been heretofore,
it is very possible that we should be able to pay
some attention to the subject, and give it that at-
tention which its importance demands.
I make these remarks by way of apology to my
colleague who introduced this bill. I ought, per-
haps, to have given more attention to the subject
when it was before the Finance Committee than I
did. I was prevented from doing so, partly, as I
have said, for want of time, and partly because I
waited a little upon my colleague'sleisure, to con-
fer with him upon the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I "believe that the consti-
tutional question which has been referred to has
been avoided by the modification in this bill. As
I originally introduced it, the bill provided that
upon the non-payment of the taxes within the
time specified, the lands should be forfeited with-
out sale. That was n question, perhaps a serious
constitutional question, upon which lawyers dif-
fered in opinion; and, inasmuch as I found that
they differed in opinion, I went into an examina-
tion of that question myself, and I got a distin-
guished gentleman ofNew York, who had leisure?
and who happened to be here at the time, who
was a friend of mine, indeed one of the judges of
New York, to examine into it. I saw that there
was so much doubt about it that I sought to avoid
the constitutional difficulty by providing that
there should be a sale of the land for the unpaid
taxes by the tax commissioners under the bill. It
was, I presume, that provision of the original bill
to which my honorable friend from Maine re-
ferred, when he spoke of a constitutional question
being involved in it. I believe that as the bill now
stands, every constitutional question of that kind
is avoided, and if the Senate had leisure I should
much prefer that'we should go on with the bill
now.
My objection to the reference is not because I
do not desire to have the bill examined, but be-
cause I fear that if it is referred it will come into
the Senate behind those great bills that will so soon
be pressing upon us for action. If it could be left
as the unfinished business to-day, and let every
Senator examine it for himself by Monday, we
might perhaps then be "prepared to take it up and
pass it. If that were done, I have no doubt my
honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
would examine it, and so would oilier gentlemen
who are profound in constitutional questions. If
it is not referred, we may perhaps pass it on Mon-
day. If it is referred, I am fearful we shall not
hear of it until after the great measure, involving
the collection of hundreds of millions of taxes, is
before the Senate, and then it may be so postponed
that we may not be able to get action in both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Will my colleague allow me to
suggest that he move.to make this bill a special
order for some eaily day?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 withdraw my motion
to refer.
The PRESIDENT})™ tempore. The motion
to refer being withdrawn, the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and must
be read at length unless the reading be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. IftheSenatorfrom Massa-
chusetts desires an executive session, 1 have no
objection to letting this bill go over now and stand
as the unfinished business to come up on Monday,
and Senators can examine it in the mean time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
see why Senators cannot consider the printed bill
now just as well as if it should go to a committee.
As the bill originally introduced did go to a com-
mittee, and as this is substantially that bill, with
some modifications, and I think improvements,
we may as well consider it in the Senate. In or-
der to give time for examination,it had better be
laid aside. I want the Senate to take up a small
bill that it is important to pass, and then 1 shall
ask the Senate to go into executive session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will consent that this
bill lie over informally, so that it shall not lose
its place, but shall stand as jhe unfinished busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If other busi-
ness is interposed, and remains unfinished at the
adjournment, this bill will have lost its place,and
that business which shall remain unfinished at the
adjournment will take precedence at the next sit-
ting of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts assures me that the bill which he de-
sires to take up cannot consume much time, and
this bill may be taken up after that is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be passed over.
DISCHARGE OF ENLISTED MEN.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts,the Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No. 289)
to facilitate the discharge of enlisted men for phys-
ical disability.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In order to
guard the bill as well as possible, I propose to
amend it by adding after the words "enlisted
man," in the fifth line, the words, "in the per-
