1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the Government; that he intended, if lie found
that it would weaken the enemy, to take then-
slaves from them wherever he found them; but
he did not intend that that class of persons, or
any other unauthorized persons, should come into
his camps.
I do not know but that the gentleman under-
stands the military terms used in the order of Gen-
eral Halleclc better than I or others do. He may
consider that the word "lines" means any part
of (he country under the protection of our arms.
It is very certain that General Halleck meant to
say the lines of his camp, and to confine the order
to his camp alone. It is for this House to say
whether that is a proper or improper order which
excludes fugitive slaves or any other unauthor-
ized persons from the camp. That is what was
meant by it. I am authorized to say so by Gen-
eral Halleck himself, and by his actions in the
matter. He never has ordered any slave to be
driven out of the lines under the protection of the
Army, who had escaped from his master. So far
from doing so, when he found that some of those
fugitive slaves who came in with General Fre-
mont, were confined in the jail of St. Louis, he
ordered their release and allowed them to go any-
where they might see proper. He did not con-
sider the city of St. Louis itself such a camp as to
warrant the exclusion of fugitive slaves from it.
His order had reference only to those camps on
the outposts where the Army stood in face of the
enemy. I-Ie considered it necessary to forbid these
persons from having access to and from such
camps. I therefore think that it would be a high-
handed measure on the part of the House, with
this explanation before it, to direct the rescinding
of General Hatleclc's order, and thus allow every
person to have access to his camp.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
a single statement connected with this proposition.
This" resolution relates to the policy adopted by
General Halleck in his division of the Army. I
think that the policy of the Administration itself
is in fa,vor of delivering up to their masters such
slaves as come into the camps. I state this from
the fact that within the past few days a slave girl,
claimed by a Mr. Jcssup, of Cockeysville, Mary-
land, found her way into the camp of Colonel
Brown, of the twentieth Indiana regiment, and
accompanied the regiment to Fortress Monroe.
The master, learning her whereabouts, demanded
his slave. Colonel Brown refused to deliver her
up. Application was then made to Secretary
Cameron, who ordered General Wool to have her
delivered up to her claimant, which I understand,
in pursuance of the order, he did. I infer, there-
fore, that thegeneral policy of the Administration
sanctions the conduct of General Hailcck in refer-
ence to this matter, and renders necessary some
action on thepartofCongress,lookingto achange
of that policy.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I infer quite the
contrary from the sentiments expressed by the
President in his annual message. Whatever Mr.
Cameron, or any other officer may have done, I
take what the President says to be at least an
indication of his policy—and he is at the head of
the Administration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] charges pretty clearly
that the Administration favors the line of policy
indicated by the order under consideration. If
the gentleman knows that President Lincoln, by
any act or word communicatcd to this House, or
spoken out of it, is in favor of it, I would like him
to point to it now. I assume to say, however,
that the Administration has had no hand, directly
or indirectly, in the order of General Halleck, or
in shaping the policy which is in the general line
of that order, as construed by my colleague. I
am inclined to say this fiom watching tolerably
closely the acts of the Administration, and read-
ing, tolerably carefully, all that the President has
said on the subject, I do not hesitate to say that
the Administration is in no way complicated with
the policy indicated in this order. I do not as-
sume to say that the President is opposed to or in
favor of it; but I do say, that no action of this Ad-
ministration has induced that order, and that, m
my judgment, the Administration will notindicate
sueii ageneial policy. I think that, before a sweep-
ing charge is madcagninst the Administration gen-
erally, or against the Secretary of War, some iact
or some declaration, in message or otherwise,
should be shown, indicating this general course of
policy. I do not know anything in relation to the
particular case mentioned by the gentleman. I do
not know its merits, or the action of General Cam-
eron, but do not doubt, when all the facts are
known, his action in the case will be fully justi-
fied. I do not believe, however, that it is the
policy of the General Government to establish in
the armies of the United States that class of orders,
or to indicate to them precisely what they shall
do under every emergency as it may arise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I supposed the gentleman
was through with his remarks.
Mr. BLTAIR, of Missouri. No, sir. I had
agreed to move the previous question at the re-
quest of the gentleman himself. I wish, before I
get through, to recur to the language of General
Halleck's order, and to repeat to the House that
it is not probable that it understands, better than
General Halleck himself does, the meaning of the
military terms used in the order—whether he
simply intended, as he declared to me he did in-
tend, to exclude these fugitive slaves from his
camp, or whether he intended to exclude them
from the whole line of country protected by his
army. If he meant simply the first, to exclude
them from such camps as Cairo, or those that are
beleaguered or beset by the enemy, I see no im-
propriety in the order. That is the interprctatirft
which General Halleck himself gives to it, and on
which he has since acted. He does not attempt
to exclude fugitive slaves even from the city of
St. Louis, or to send them out.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that when the Congress
of the United States shall itself have indicated a
policy on this subject, and shall have passed a
law justifying the Administration in taking such
and such grounds, it will be time enough for us to
censure the Administration or to censure others
for not following the policy laid down by us. Up
to this time no such policy has been indicated by
Congress.
Mr. NIXON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he is not aware that, four days subse-
quently to the issuing of this order, General Hal-
leck issued a new order modifying the first one,
in accordance with what he says?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIXON. I sawin yesterday's New York
Times that General Halleck had modified his first
order, and had stated distinctly that he intended,
in all his movements, to be governed by the reg-
ulations made by Congress on this subjcct; that
he recognized the binding force of the act of last
session, and that his business was to execute, not
make the law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am well aware of
the fact, and I intended to mention it before I got
through. I saw by the newspapers that General
Halleck had issued such a modified order, and I
have no doubt of it. I did not hear it from him-
self.
Mr. NIXON. The very words that I have
used are published in the New York Times of
yesterday.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, in accordance
with my promise, I move the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question, and I will renew it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw my call
for the previous question at the request of the
gentleman from Illinois. I do not want to see the
previous question called this winter, if lean help
it. I want to see these great and important ques-
tions argued before this nation. I therefore with-
draw the previous question with great pleasure,
and I hope the gentleman will not move it so long
as a member wishes to speak.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask, in the first place, that
General Halleck's order be read, so that we may
be brought back to the point at which we are
aiming.
The section of General Halleck's order referred
to in the resolution was lead, as follows:
Headquarters Department of Missouri,
St. Louis, November 20, 1861.
Geneiai Oirlers No. 3.
I t. ft lias been represented that impoitant infoiination,
\ respecting Tlie ntimbei and condition of our forces, is eon-
' veu'd 1o tile enemy by means ol liigtttve -.laves who aie
i atiiiiittnd wiilun our line*,. In oidct to remedy this evil,
I it is directed that no such persons bo hereafter permitted to
enter the lines of any camp, or of any forces on the march';
and that any how within such lines be immediately ex-
eluded therefrom. : :
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I wish to in-
quire if the President of the United States an.d.the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army have notithe
power to revoke or modify any order of :an,infe-
rior officer? -
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no doubt they have
that power. - ", - • , •
Mr. STEELE. If they have, then I . pro pose
to leave this matter with them until they shall
have shown themselves incompetent to perform
their duties.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say to my col-
league, [Mr. Kellogg,] that I believe ho states
truly the feelings and wishes of the President in
reference to this matter.
In reference to the remark of the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Nixon,] I will say that I sup-
pose General Halleck and every other officer .of
the Army expects to obey the laws of Congress.
I suppose they expect to conform their action to
the will of the people as expressed through the
people's Representatives, and therefore it is that I
ask for this expression of the will of the Repre-
sentatives of the people, so that General Hailcck
may understand and yield obedience to it. Now,
the question is, what do we say upon this sub-
ject? It is not what the President wishes to say
or has said, or what the Secretary of War has
said, although I repeat, I have reason to believe
they do not approve of such orders. But all that
is outside the purpose of this resolution. I desire
simply that we shall express in this manner what
this House think and wish in reference to such an
order. I now call for the previous question on
the resolution.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will withdraw it.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish, after hearing the ex-
planations of the gentleman from Missouri and
the gentleman from New Jersey, to say that the
fact now appears before this House that General
Halleck himself is satisfied that his original proc-
lamation, as it was construed, was wrong*, and the
gentleman from New Jersey says that he has issued
another proclamation modifying the first. If,
therefore, by rejecting this resolution we approve
the original proclamation, we shall approve what
General Halleck himself does not do.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. We are not called
on either to approve or disapprove it.
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly not. I understand
that; but if by our action on this resolution we
do approve it, we shall do what General Halleck
himself does not now do.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not think Gen-
eral Halleck everapproved any proclamation such
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy]
understands this to have been.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NIXON. I ask the consent of the House
to have the ninth general order of General Hai-
lcck, to which I have referred, read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
The question was then taken on Mr. Vallan-
oigiiam's motion; and it was decided in the af-
firmative-—yeas 78, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—IVlessls. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddle,
Francis X'. Blair, Jacob B. Blaii, George It. Biowne, Wil-
liam G. Kiown, Burnhain, Calvert, Cnhi>, Cooper, Cox,
Cravens, Crisficld, CilUenden, Delano, Dctaplamc. Diveil,
Dunlap, Dunn, English, Fisher, Fouke, Granger, Giuter,
Ilaigllt, Uaneliett, Hardin;;, Ilairison, Ilolman, Uoiton,
Johnson, William Kellogg, Kiliinger, Law, Lazear, Leary,
Lehman, McPherson, Mliiiory, Maynard. Menzies,Morris,
Nixon, Noble, Noell.Noi ton,"odcll, Olin, Pendleton,Peiry,
T. G. Phelps, Porter, Alexander II. llice, Iticliardson,
Ttiddle, Itobmson, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Slnel, Smith,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trimble, Upton. Vallandiltham, V'oorhees, Wads-
worth, Waul, Webster, Whaiey, Cililtnn A. White, Wlck-
liflfe, WoodruO', and Wright—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Bmgimm, Blake, Bufiinton,
Campbell. Chamheiliri, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Collk-
Iing, Itoscoe Conklinsc, Conway, Covode, Davis, Dawes,
Dueil, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessimden, Fran-
chot, Frank, Gooch , Goodwin, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian,
Keiley, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Looinis, lovejoy,
Mooiiiead, Alison P. Morrill, Justin S. MornlJ, Patton,
