1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3001
the great work we have performed thus far. I im-
plore my friends not to separate now. Everything
that is opposed to free government in Europe, the
aristocracies and the monarchies of the world, are
banding together to put down the free Government
of America. Every paper that comes to our hands
from abroad, tends more and more to convince us
that ail that isaristocratical, ail that is opposed to
the common rights of man, is concentrating for the
overthrow of the glorious institutions of America;
and it always has appeared to me, and does now,
that the great barrier against their success is the
strong arms and the united purpose of the great
Republican party. In the last arrivals from Eu-
rope I see that aristocracies are banding together,
and monarchies are meditating the overthrow of
the liberties of this country. Their purpose is a
common purpose; they tire actuated by the same
principles; they are opposed to the common rights
of man. You will find them, whenever they are
banded together, arrayed against the rights and
against the principles of this great Republic.
Look at France, look at England; notwithstand-
ing all their animosities engendered by prescrip-
tion, though they were hereditary enemies until
lately, they have formed an alliance and are able
now to unite; and with whom do they unite, and
y/hat causes them to unite, notwithstanding all
their private animosities, at this particular period ?
It is nothing else than the grand example of Amer-
ica, its free institutions, its regard for the rights of
man, its strongand potent arm that threatens with
utter destruction the aristocracies that have so long
trampled upon the rights of man. They see in our
prosperity the sure precursor of their own doom,
and they are now uniting their strength to over-
throw us; and I ask with whom do they unite, and
with whom do they sympathize? Not with us.
All the pretensionsol'Great Britain heretofore have
been that they were friends of America, that we
had a common blood and a common civilization
that would naturally band us together like broth-
ers; but the very moment that they have been able
to beli%ve that our free institutions were involved
in difficulty and had become vulnerable, we see
them with a malice and a vindictive spirit hereto-
fore unknown, banding together againstus, and
uniting all the aristocracies and all those opposed
to the rights of man upon the continent, for our
overthrow. Enemies heretofore can unite now, be-
cause common despotism is threatened by our suc-
cess. I say it here, and I am proud to say it, that all
they look to with jealousy is the great Republican
party of this continent now controlling the power
of the United States with seven hundred thousand
men in the field—embodied for the overthrow of ar-
istocracy—fightingforthe rights of man. Though
the English nave heretofore professed great anti-
slavery principles and sympathy with those who
are battling against the slave aristocracy, the very
moment they see, or think they see, that we are
vulnerable, they unite against us. Let them find
a divided Republican party, let them perceive that
the Administration of this Government is divided
against itself and thereby weakened so that there
is hope for their interference, my word forit, it will
not be delayed a month.
I know, sir, that this is not very relevant to the
question under consideration; but I am sorry to
see such a spirit manifested as I fear I have seen
here in the Senate to-day, against some of those
who have traveled thus far together in honor and
in triumph, and have made their names historical
with the great achievements they have won in le-
gislation. I am sorry that they should part here
upon a great measure involving the same prin-
ciples in which they have been engaged during
the session. It is to meamortification. I am will-
ing to sacrifice anything but principle in order to
unite us. Now, sir, are we divided upon any prin-
ciple? Is there anything in these two propositions
that divide us, involving a radical principle upon
which honest men cannot unite? If there is, I am
the last man to find fault with anybody, because
when conscience and principle intervene, honest
men must differ; butlet not our transient passions
and animosities overrule the great principles which
should unite us as a band of brothers, forever bat-
tling in the great cause of republican and limited
government. [" Oh, let us vote."] My friends be-
hind me may mutter as they please. I very rarely
speak here, and I am conscious that when I do, it
is not very much to the purpose; but those whose
privilege it is to speak often should indulge one
who is not much gifted when he thinks there is a
great occasion for his saying something.
Now, Mr. President, why do we differ on this
question, and where do we differ? I regret ex-
ceedingly that we differ at all, and I have hereto-
fore attempted to show that we do not really differ
on principle, because, as to any question involv-
ing constitutional principles, there is really no dif-
ference between the House bill and the bill of the
'Senate committee. The bill of the committee has
a very little of exactly what the House bill has a
great deal. You cannot name a single principle
in the bill of the House that you will not find in
the bill of the Senate. It is as to the extent and
the vigor of the measures proposed that they dif-
fer; and I regret to hear that among Republicans
there is a particle of difference in sentiment as to
how far we should go in putting down this rebel-
lion, and punishing the authors of it. I am, per-
haps, unfortunate; I live in a region of country
where there is but one opinion that makes itself
manifest to me; and that is, an admonition that I
should exert myself upon this floor to the utmost
of my power to see that the Administration enter
upon and carry out the most vigorous prosecu-
tion of this war, especially that the property of
those in rebellion against the United States shall
be taken wherever it may be found, and appro-
priated to the purpose of prostrating the rebellion
and paying the expenses of the war. I am sorry
to find thatthatsentimentisnot universal. Other
Senators not so prompted by their constituents,
perhaps not so inspirited with the idea that it is
essential to put down this rebellion, do not seem
to entertain so strong an idea on this subject as I
do. I regret it, sir.
If there has been anything of personal feeling
in this matter, I have made the sacrifice. I do
not ask my brethren here to go any further than
1 do. There was a favorite bill emanating from
a very honorable source; your Judiciary Com-
mittee reported it early in this session. It had
their sanction. It was vigorous; it was masculine;
it dealt not in sentiment for rebellion, but it ap-
proached it as a reality. It sought the destruction
of rebels, the confiscation of their property, the
emancipation of their slaves. It strove to remu-
nerate the nation for the sacrificcs she made; it
sought to remove the cause of this accursed rebel-
lion by emancipating the slaves of rebel masters.
I loved the bill for that. My constituents approved
it; they warned me to maintain it with whatever
influence and power I had upon this floor. I ad-
vocated that bill with all the powers that I could
exercise in its behalf. I was overruled. That bill,
with everybody else's project, went to a special
committee which I felt conscious would not be
prepared to go as far on this subject as I was, and
therefore I resisted it; but being beaten in that,
and endeavoring to get the next best measure, I
cast around to know what I should do. I studied
the bill of the special committee, I think with no
prejudice, with no predisposition to find fault with
it; but as I looked it over, I could not see that it
would have much practical cffect upon the great
question that I had most of all at heart. I wanted
to lay hold at once of the property of rebels and
appropriate it to the payment of the expenses of
this war. 1 thought the measure fell vastly short
of that. What then?
My own party, advocating the bill of the Judi-
ciary Committee, being overpowered and beaten
in the Senate, the whole subject being referred to
a special committee, and they reporting this less
vigorous bill, the Senate proceeded to consider
other matters. In the mean time the House of
Representatives took the subject under consider-
ation. They, in their wisdom, meditated upon
the question of a confiscation bill; and they, the
immediate representatives of the people, account-
able to them within a few short months for what
they do, passed a bill which was not as vigorous,
did not go the length that the bill of our Judiciary
Committee went. I read the House bill carefully,
and I was rejoiced to see that pretty much all that
was essential was summed up in it. I did sup-
pose that all of us who were anxious for confis-
cation, anxious for vigorous measures, would not
be slow to take this middle ground, which had
been sanctioned by the authority of the House of
Representatives. I did suppose that respect for
them, where we had fatally differed, would have
induced every man here to quit his own particular
project and take theirs. I thought that Senators
who had got up a special project of their own,
would not be so wedded to it that they would be
willing to hazard a division of the Republican
party on a great measure of this kind, by stand*
ing bigotedly and doggedly to their own bill at all
hazards. I was not, however, unaware of the ad-« 
vantage they had over us, because in this Senate,
as everybody knows, whoever goes for the weak-
est measure of confiscation is sure to have the
support of every man who wants no confiscation
at all. I could readily see that they who would
condescend to join with the common enemy of
their principles could triumph upon this floor. I
knew they had an advantage over us. I knew
that the earnest men here who wished to go the
most vigorously into confiscation would be beaten
if those from whom we divide on this question
would condescend to court the support of our mor-
tal enemies. Perhaps that term is too harsh; when
I say " enemies," I only mean opponents; be-
cause when I disagree with Senators, I do it with
no want of respect to their opinions, but conced-
ing that they have the same right to entertain and
maintain their opinions on this floor that I have.
Therefore, if " enemies" is too strong a term, as
perhaps it is, I wish it to be understood that I
mean those who do not believe with us, those who
uniformly oppose us on this floor upon these sub-
jects, and who we all know as well as we know
our ABC, are against us upon this confiscation
question.
Sir, I had hoped, for the sake of peace in our
own party, for the vigor of this measure of eman-
cipation if they really believed in it, and I sup-
pose they do, rather than embarrass the House
of Representatives, rather than embarrass a large
majority of their brethren upon this floor, that
when they had whipped us out from our darling
project, they would gracefully concedc and sur-
render their own and act with us upon the middle
ground of this great bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The House have passed two bills
upon the same subject; they are undoubtedly
wise, well considered. No man upon this floor
has stood up and found fault with the bills of the
House of Representatives, either upon this ques-
tion or upon the other.
These measures that we had joined together in
the same bill they saw fit to present to us in two
bills, just about as efficient as our original bill
would have been. Who, then, could have appre-
hended that this great measure would have been
absolutely jeopardized and probably rendered null,
shall I say by the bigoted stickling of some gen-
tlemen to a project of their own, as though theie
was nothing else on God's earth that could satisfy
them but that which was the creation of their own
hands ? I do not want to find fault with their bill,
particularly now, although I have studied it, and
l believe it is utterly inefficient to work out even
that meed of confiscation which they themselves
wish to obtain.
But, sir, we are beaten. That fatal vote has
i een taken. I do not want to be misunderstood.
I know the temperand disposition of men. I have
seen too many contioversies to be misled. Iknow
that we, and the country through us, arc to be
amazed and disappointed by our shortcomings
and by our bickerings here. I regret it; I lament
it; and I regret it the more for the reason which
I have already stated, that we have traveled so far
together shoulder to shoulder, and have performed
so much. I am sorry that we should disappoint
the country in what we are yet to do. I did hope
that we could take these measures of the House
of Representatives and pass them withQut any
attempt to improve them. I do not say they are
perfect; for nothing is perfect in this world. No
man can get up a complicated law upon any diffi-
cult question that another man may not criticise,
and for some reason find fault with it; but these
measures of the House of Representatives, all
things considered, seem to afford us a place where
we can meet upon middle ground. They have not
the apparent asperity of the bill of the Judiciary
Committee. They do not go that length. That
is a great concession to those who believed that
bill went too far; and yet they are determined to
drag us down to another bill, in which they know
we do not believe, although we may be mistaken
about it. It may be that we are utterly mistaken,
and that their bill, after all, is the best; but they
know that a majority of their brethren upon this
floor do not so view it. Could they not make a
