1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
last session, amounts to §1,758 a year; that is the
pay and allowances proper, to say nothing about
his transportation or other expenses which are
occasionally paid by the Government. Including
all expenses, Lthink it may be safely set down that
the chaplains cost the Government about two thou-
sand dollars each; but I have computed it at $1,758.
Then suppose there are six hundred regiments,
with a chaplain to each regiment. I apprehend
that there is a chaplain to each regiment, though
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs says the presumption is, that no chaplain is
appointed until the regiment is filled. I think that
is a violent presumption. I notice that most of
the officers get their commissions and their pay
in advance of the regular organization of the regi-
ment. On the computation I have made of $1,758
a year, the pay of a captain of cavalry, with six
hundred chaplains, one to each regiment, which,
I think, is a reasonable computation, the whole
amount we are now paying to chaplains in the
Army, is $1,054,800 in the aggregate. This is a
very large sum. I apprehend that no army in the
world ever employed such a vast number of chap-
lains; and I do not think this Government can
affoid to do so at this time, considering the strait-
ened financial condition of the country.
The proposition submitted by mo provides that
there shall hereafter be but one chaplain to each
brigade. Suppose there are one hundred and
twenty-five brigades—and I apprehend that is
about as many as will be organized—the pay of
the chaplains would amount to $*219,750 per an-
num in the aggregate. There would be a saving
to the Government, under my amendment, of
$835,050; and upon the presumption that there
would be extra expenses incurred in the way of
traveling expenses, I think you may safely set it
down that, by the adoption of my amendment,
the Government will save $1,000,000 per annum.
Now, sir, without any desire or intention to
detract from the services of these gentlemen, I do
not think so great a number of them is absolutely
necessary, lknow of some instances where they
arc of no service at all. 1 know other instances
where Protestant chaplains have been appointed
to regiments consisting almost entirely of Catho-
lics. The prejudices which are engendered by
animosities growing out of differences of religious
creeds are such that one denomination will not pay
attention to the other, and will not go to hear a
minister of the other preach. A gentleman re-
cently called upon me, who is now a chaplain in
one of the volunteer regiments, a Protestant, and
he stated to me that nearly the entire regiment
were Catholics, andlhat it detracted very much
from his influence over them; that they would not
listen to or pay attention to him. They desired
a Catholic chaplain in the regiment, and I think
they should properly have had one. I have no
Frejudices myself on the'subject of religion; but
think thebetterplan would be to adopt my amend-
ment, dispense with this vast number of chaplains,
and give one to each brigade, and thereby save in
the aggregate §1,000,000 per annum.
Mr. RICE. I have modified my amendment
to correspond with the appointment the President
gave to the hospital chaplains, and I propose to
add to the tenth section these words:
The appointments of chaplain* to the Army hospitals
hcretoloic made by the President of the United States aio
hereby approved; and the chaplains so appointed shall be
compensated for their services in the same mannerao chap-
lains in the Army.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me that the amend-
ment as proposed is indefinite. " Shall receive the
same compensation as chaplains in the Army."
1 understand that the volunteer chaplains receive
more than those connected with the regular Army.
I think the better plan would be to fix the amount
they are to receive definitely; say thathospital
chaplains shall receive compensation at the rate
of $1,000 per year," more orlcsis, as in the judg-
ment of the Senate will command the services
which they need. I have no doubt that if the
Senate will amend this tenth section so as to read,
" who shall receive compensation at the rate of
$1,000 per annum," it will meet the approval of '
the leligious organizations m the country from
one end of it to the other.
Mr. RICE. Myamendmentonly relates to the
past; it is not in regard to the future. I merely i
wish to have the appointments made by the Pres- I
ident carried out. I think it is due to him. It
involves but a very small amount. There are
only some seven or eight hospital chaplains that'
he has appointed, and I think the promise he
made at the time should be indorsed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. "We have
had considerable discussion about this matter, and
various ideas have been expressed. I think the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Min-
nesota, sanctioning what the President has done,
is very well, and it ought to be in the section. I
think the proposition made by the Senator from
Oregon to have one chaplain for a brigade will not
work well. We have now one chaplain for each
regiment. Some of the regiments are composed
mainly and chiefly of "Irish, of Roman Catholics,
and they have their priest with them. It may
be that if we were to have but one chaplain for a
brigade, they would not have what they desire,
and what I think they ought to have- in this re-
spect. I believe it is better as it is, that there
should be a chaplain for everyone thousand men,
every regiment. If this costs too much, reduce
the compensation, bring it down from $1,758 or
$1,800 or $1,900—if that is the sum—to $1,200 a
year, $100 a month, which is good and ample
compensation. I think we had better pass the
provision in that form, authorize the President to
appoint chaplains in permanent hospitals, give
our sanction to what he has already done in that
respect, and then provide that the chaplains in the
volunteer force shall receive a compensation of
$1,200. That will be a great saving to the Gov-
ernment, and. will keep the chaplains who are now
with their regiments with them. If they are good
and faithful men, they are doing good beyond
human calculation; if they are the poor creatures
some of them arc, they are doing no good to any-
body. I think the good and faithful men will feel
that, in the present condition of the country, a
salary of $100 a month is ample compensation.
Mr. RICE. Let mc suggest to the chairman
of the Military Committee that there are already
two bills before the Senate in regard to the pay of
chaplains, one from the committee and one from
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] Itseems
to me appropriate now only to legislate in regard
to those who have been appointed by the Presi-
dent for the hospitals, and when the other bills
come up we can regulate the pay. We should
now, I think, confine ourselves to the ratification
of what has been done in providing chaplains for
the hospitals, and action on the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon as to the number.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well;
let us have a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The uriginal amendment
is that the hospital chaplains shall rcccive the pay
of regimental chaplains in the volunteer forccs, as
I understand. lip to the present, time, by the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, they
will receive a less amount.
Mr. RICE. They will receive the same amount
promised by the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. According to the Sen-
ator's amendment, they will receive, up to this
time, the pay of Army chaplains in the regular
service; but hereafter, under the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut, they will receive
the pay of regimental chaplains of volunteers—a
good deal more. It ought to be made either one
thing or the other.
The amendment of Mr. Rice was agreed to.
Mr. IiARLAN. I now move to modify the
text of the tenth section so as to provide that the
hospital chaplains shall reccive compensation at
the rate of $J ,000 a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the ques-
tion, the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut has not vet been voted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut was understood to withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary in-
forms the Chair that that amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have been watching it
very clos&ely, and I am sme no vote has been
taken on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the ('hair was that he withdrew it, to allow the
Senator fiom Minnesota to offer his
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood him to accept
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota* -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that the. amendment of the Senator frofri
Connecticut was adopted. 4 .
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which 4hat amendment was agreed to;
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the amendment- of Mr.
Foster to strike out in the tenth section-the worij
"post,'' before the word "chaplains,"and to strike
out "regular," and insert "volunteer" before
l" service." ■ *
Mr. SHERMAN. The question comes up on
the simple proposition whether we shall pay chap-
lains in the regimental hospitals $1,800 a year,
with indefinite allowances for fuel and quarters,
or pay them $1,100, or some other fixed sum. I
think that proposition ought to be kept by itself
simply, ana I hope we may have a vote.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not strenuous at all as
regards the amount that shall be paid; but I think
a discrimination against men who render the most
laborious and most meritorious service is unjust.
If $1,800 a year is too much for the chaplains,
reduce it; but do not pay the chaplains in the vol-
unteer service $1,800, and then pay those who
perform this self-denying, laborious, meritorious,
and, I will add, dangerous service, but$1,100. It
is unjust, unfair.
Mr. SHERMAN. - If the Senator from Con-
necticut desires to put them all on the same foot-
ing, let him in a few words s'ay, " andregimental
chaplains shall-receive the pay of a post chaplain."
In that way he will accomplish what I desire, and
what he says he is willing to agree to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether there is any distinction between a post
chaplain in the Army and any other chaplain.
As it stands there, hospital chaplainsare to receive
up to the present time the pay of post chaplains
in the Army. What is the distinction between
the pay of post chaplains and other chaplains in
the Army?
Mr. FOSTER and others. None.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no such thing as
chaplain in the Army, but there is a post chap-
lain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only wanted to know
what was the difference.
The amendment of Mr. Foster was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to modify the
tenth section, so as to read, " who shall receive
compensation at the rate of $1,000 per annum."
The VICE PRESIDENT. What words does
the Senator propose to strike out?
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out in line '
three, the words " the" and " same," and in lino
four, all after "compensation," and to insert " at
the rate of $1,000 per annum;" so as to make the
section read:
That in each of the permanent hospitals where th<* Pres-
ident in ay deem it necessary, he may appoint a chaplain
who shall receive compensation at the rate of §1,000 per
annum.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to be agreed that the
amount we pay the chaplains of the volunteer
forccs is much too large. I want to suggest to the
Senator from Iowa if it will not be better to let the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Min-
nesota pass, so that the hospital chaplains shall
have the pay of Army chaplains, and then bring
regimental chaplains to the same standard, and
then we shall have only one compensation for the
whole. 1 understand that by the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota they will get a little
more than the Senator from Iowa proposes, a little
more than a $1,000 a year, and certainly he will
not object to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say to the Senator from
New Hampshire that in conversation with chap-
lains of the Army, I learn that they would much
prefer to have their compensation fixed by the
month or year. Now it depends somewhat on
the disposition of the paymaster how much they
receive, under the law as it stands. They arc not
skilled in these estimates, and they would prefer
to 'receive a fixed salary, so much money per
month or year. If in the opinion of the Senate
$1,000 a year is not sufficient, I do not o'bject to
$3,200; but it is -due to them, I think, that the
amount should be fixed.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt it would be
