2042.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
as to the fact. There was no vote taken yesterday
on seconding the previous question.
Mr. WtCKLIFPB. Then I am wrong. I left
the House under the impression that the main
question had been ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move the following as a sub-
stitute for the bill, and move the previous question
upon it:
Abill to secure freedom to all persons within the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Federal Government.
To the end that freedom may be, and remain forever, the
fundamental law of the land m ah places whatsoever, so
far as it lies within the powers or depends upon the action
of the Government of the United States to make it so;
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress (tumbled, That
slavery or involuntary servitude, in all casePwhatsoever,
(other than in the punishment of crime, whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted,) shall henceforth cease, and
be prohibited forever in all the following places, namely:
First. In*all the Territories of the United States now ex-
isting, or hereafter to be formed or acquired in any way.
Second. In all places purchased or to be purchased by the
United States, with the consent of the Legislatures of the
several States, for the ereel ion of forts, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, and other needful buildings, and in which the
United States has or s>ball have exclusive legislative juris-
diction. Third. In all vessels on the high seas, beyond the
territory and jurisdiction of each of the several States from
which or to which the said vessels may be going. Fourth.
In all places whatsoever where the national Government
has exclusive jurisdiction.
Sec. 2. And be it further enaded, That any person now
held or attempted to be held hereaftci as a s,luve in any of
the places above named is hereby declared to be free, and
the right to fieedom heieby declared may be asserted in any
of the courts of the United States or of the several States,
in behalf of the party, or his or her posterity, after any lapse
of time,
Mr. HARDING. Is it in order to move to
refer the bill at this time ?
The SPEAKER. Not during the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccidcdin
the negative—yeas 50, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AHon, Joseph Iiaily, Biddle, Jacob C.
Blan, George H. Browne, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Casey, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, CriMield, Critten-
den, Delano, Diven, Dunlnp, Dunn, Fisher, Grider, Hall,
Harding, Harrison, Ilolman, Norton, Johnson, William
Kellogg, Knapp, Maynniri, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Nocll,
OcJtill, 1*1 ice, Alexander Ji. Kice, Richardson, Ilobinson,
Segar, Sheffield, John 15. Steele, William G. Steele, Strat-
um, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Voorhees, Ward,
Webster, WickhfFe, and Woodruff—50.
NAYS—Messrs. AUUich, Alley, Arnold, Ashlcv, Babbitt,
Baker, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. BUir, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Buflinton, Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark,
Collax, Frederick A. Conkling, Itoseoe Conkling, Cutler,
Davis, Dawes, Duell, Edgmon, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fcssen-
den, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Hale,
Hickman, ilutchins, Julian, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
McKnight, Mitchell, Moorhead, An^on 1\ Morrill, Olm,
Porter, John II. XUcc, Riddle, Edward IF. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, SheHabaim, Stevens, Trowbridge,
Vandever, Vim Horn, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Chailes W.
Walton, 13. P. Walton, Wa^hburne, Wheeler, Wilson,
and YVindom—65.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SARGENT stated that Mr. Phelps, of
California, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that
he voted yesterday upon a motion to lay this bill
on tlie table, under a misapprehension, not hav-
ing had an opportunity to read the bill. He now
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that Mr. Ancona was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, stated that Mr.
Baxter had been called home, and had paired on
this bill with Mr. Mallory.
Mr. GURLEY said he had paired with Mr.
Norton.
Mr. OLIN. I vote fc(no," with the hope of
having an opportunity of amending the bill.
1 he SPEAKER. No debute is in order.
Mr. OLIN. I did not propose to debate it now.
I merely expressed the hope that I might have
the opportunity of doing it in future.
Phe vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question for a moment for this pur-
pose: at the suggestion of some of the friends
of tlie principle embodied m the bill as a whole
1 propose to amend the substitute by striking out
from lines thirteen and fouueen these words:
and all national highways." That relieves the
bill from some of the objections which have been
brought to it by some gentlemen who are friends
of the bill.
And now, sir, I wish simply to say in a word
that I have no objection to the discussion of the
bill if the House prefers it. I shall forbear to
exercise the privilege which the rules would allow
me of discussing it after the previous question
had been seconded. If there is to be discussion,
I shall of course reserve the right to have a hand
in it. But to test the sense of the House, I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want to make
an appeal to thegentleman from Illinois, orrather
to make an inquiry of him, if it will be agreeable
to him as the author of the bill, to indulge me in
some interrogatories before the previous question
is seconded ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to any-
thing of the kind provided it can be done consist-
ently with the pendency of the demand for the
previous question. I forbear discussion myself
because I do not want to place myself in the posi-
tion of exercising a right I deny to others.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the previous question? No
debate is in order during the pendency of the
demand.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will withdraw for an in-
quiry.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. There are sev-
eral inquiries I would like to make of the gentle-
man, and especially one as to this paragraph:
Second. In all places purchased or to be purchased by
the United States, with the consent of the Legislatures of
the several States, for the erection of foils, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings.
I would be very glad if the gentleman will state
to the House his view of the operation of that
clause upon the stipulations and conditions of
cession between the States and the General Gov-
ernment of the places to which it refers.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will reply to the inquiry
of the gentleman from ^J!New York, by reading a
portion of the Constitution of the United States,
and then I shall have to renew my demand for the
previous question, and insist upon it, leaving the
House to exercise its discretion as to continuing
the debate or not. In defining the powers of Con-
gress, the Constitution says:
"To exeicise exclusive legislation In all eases whatso-
evei over &uch distiict (not exceeding ten miles fc.qtnue) as
may, by cession of particular .States, and tlie acceptance
of Congress, become the scat of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and to exercise like authority over all places
purchased by the conscnt of the Legislature of the State in
which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
Now, I do not know minutely, not having very
recently examined any of the deeds of cession;
but whatever deeds of cession there may be, cer-
tainly cannot override or contravene the power
of Congress, granted in this clauscof the Consti-
tution, which lsdeclared to be exclusive. If there
is any such reservation, it must be invalid.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as this is a matter which
has been discussed for years and years and years,
I demand the previous question, and trust it will
be sustained.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 40,
noes 53.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Ashley were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 61.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I move to recommit the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it in order to move to
commit it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to commit
with instructions ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois yields for that purpose.
ADMISSION Or NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a motion to suspend
the rules, with a view to invite to the floor of the
House Captain Bailey and Commander Boggs,
who have just returned from the Gulf squadron
as bearers of dispatches containing the news of
the most eventful and the most important conflict
known to our naval history, which recently oc-
curred at the forts below New Orleans. They
come loaded with trophies, and I ask the consent
of the House that they may be admitted to the
floor.
There being no objection, the motion was re-
ceived and adopted..
PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY—AGAIN.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not propose at present
to enter at any length into the discussion of this
bill. It is in accordance with the uniform policy
of the Government on its organization to prohibit
the crime of slavery m the Territories. From the
result of the vote just taken, I suppose there are
gentlemen here who do wish to discuss it, and
reserving to myself the right, if I shall think neces-
sary, to resume the floor before the debate shall
close, 1 now give way to any one who may de-
sire it.
Mr. COX. I move to add to the motion to
recommit instructions that neither this bill nor any
similar bill shall be reported back to the House.
I believe it to be a suicidal bill—a bill for the
benefit of secession and Jeff Davis. The Army
and the people are against all such aids to the
enemy of the country. I believe that resolution
offered by the gentleman from Illinois this morn-
ing relative to General McClellan was a piece of
Pharisaism on his part 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see what
the resolution has to do with the question before
the House.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I am against this whole
business. I believe it is helping the enemies of
the country. The conservative men of the House
have the power and ought to " squelch" out the
whole negro business. They are responsible for
this continuous agitation. From the very com-
mencement of the session we have had these bills
before us in one shape or another, and postponed
from time to time,ana delayed by dilatory motions
and adjournments. Now, I want to see the con-
servative element of the House, if there is any
such thing left here, come up and vote this thing
right down. Now, sir, I want to see this Union
restored as it was made by our fathers; not the
Union that the gentleman from Illinois wants to
sec—a Union with a dismantled Constitution and
a broken Confederation. I believe the people ot
the country aie sick and weary of this legislation
about the negro. From one end of the country
to the other complaint is coming up that our time
is wasted; that nothing is done for the white race,
nothing, except about the negro. Our only duty
this session was to raise revenue enough to meet
the great demands of the time, and to energize the
Army to the greatest possible extent, and both
for one object—the restoration of this Union.
But what have we been doing? Scarcely had
the roll been called at the beginmngof the session,
before a gentleman introduced a bill connected
with the negro, and from that time until now, with
the exception of some days spent in the consider-
ation of the tax bill, the whole strain of the House
has been devoted to the negro question. Heaven
is sick and earth is weary of this damnable and
dangerous iteration.
We may be compelled, after this war shall have
been concluded, to reform, perhaps, some of our
opinions in respect to slavery. But it is at this
time the duty of every true-hearted patriot to lend
his whole energies to the one purpose of restoring
the Union, and to this end to crush disunion in
the South and to crush it in the North.
The Army is giving bullets to the enemy of the
country South, and if the people had a chance to
do it, they would give ballots to the enemy of the
country-North. They do not approve of these
extreme opinions, like that embodied in this bill
of abolition. If these gentlemen, who pretend to
be conservative men, would come up squarely
and vote down these iniquitous measures, which
have nothing but peril in them, we would do the
people great service, I therefore hope the House
will send this back to the committee, and in send-
ing it back to the committee let us give it such a
death-blow as will destroy all similar measures.
The SPEAKER. It is not in older to move
that a proposition shall be recommitted to a com-
mittee with instructions that the proposition shall
not be reported back.
