1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
better that the sum should be fixed, so that we
and everybody should know what it is. My de-
sire was to bftng them all to one standard; and if
the Senate wants to bring the pay of post chap-
lains of the Army to $1,000 or $1,200, to agree to
it. I want them all put on the same basis, and I
should be glad to have that basis fixed and known,
made certain and definite.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that the best way to settle this matter is to stand
by the section as reported, striking out the word
"post" before "chaplain," add the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Minnesota, with-g
out saying anything about compensation, and
then add to the section these words:
And that from and after the passage of this act the com-
pensation of regimental and hospital chaplains of volun-
teers shall be $1,200 per annum.
Mr. COLLAMER, Mr. CLARK, and others.
Put in the Army. Put them all on the same
footing.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will agree
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. In my opinion, the chaplains
who go into the field with the regiments that are
in actual service ought to receive more compen-
sation than those who live at home; and I know
this is the opinion of the chaplains themselves.
The hospital chaplains will, in nine cases out of
ten—perhaps the whole of them—reside in their
own houses. At every place where a hospital may
be located, there will probably be ten or twenty
ministers of different denominations, any one of
whom will accept the position and serve as chap-
lain to the hospital, and live at home. It seems
to me the compensation need not be so large for
them, as for those who leave their homos and as-
sociations and go into the field. I prefer, there-
fore, that the question be taken separately, and
that we fix the compensation for chaplains of hos-
pitals first, and then the compensation of chap-
lains of regiments in the field.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Iowa is en-
tirely mistaken in supposing that the chaplains
of hospitals arc of opinion that they ought to re-
ceive less than chaplains in the field. The chap-
lains in the field may think they ought to receive
more; but I have the testimony of several chap-
lains who have served in the field and in the hos-
pital, and they say they would rather go into the
field and perform all the service that is required
ot them there, than to perform the service required
of them in the hospitals, at the same rates. They
deem hospital service more laborious, more ex-
hausting, and vastly more entitled to higher com-
pensation; and every man who looks at it I think
will come to the same result, if the service is per-
formed. 1 agree with the Senator from Iowa,
that if it is understood that the service in the, hos-
pital is to be performed by some clergyman re-
siding in the town, who performs his usual duties
to his parish, and at his leisure moments walks
through the hospital, and occasionally makes a
prayer in the building when it is convenient, such
a man certaiuly can perform that service, receiv-
ing Ins regular salary, at less sacrifice to himself
than if he were called into the field to perform ser-
vice as a regimental chaplain. But my idea is to
appoint no such man, but to appoint a man who
will devote himself to the service; and if he does
that, he earns his money much more than a regi-
mental chaplain docs in the field.
Mr. HARLAN, i discover that the Senator
from Connecticut and myself differ in opinion
merely on that subject. I will make a statement,
however, without any fear of contradiction, from
ministers of lrligion, that if you appoint no chap-
lains to these hospitals, the wounded and sick sol-
diers will be cared for by them voluntarily. They
will make an arrangementnmong themselves in all
the towns and cities where hospitals are erected,
and, by regular rotation, will administer to their
spiritual wants. There is no opportunity, when
a regiment is in the field, to make any such ar-
rangement. With the observations that 1 have
had and the conversations I have had with min-
isters of the various denominations, and those of
the veryHnghest position, I know that the amount
1 name will bo satisfactory. If it were submitted
to any religions oigamzanon, or organization of
ministers m this country anywhere, they would
decide (hat $1,000 a year was enough. There will
be a multitude of applicants for these positions at
that compensation. If, in the opinion of Congress,
the pay of chaplains in the field should be reduced
as low as this, I shall not object to the reduction;
but, in my judgment, they ought to receive more
compensation than those who live at home. I will
adhere, consequently, to the proposition I have
made, and ask a vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe that a very gen-
erally prevailing notion amongst the regimental
chaplains is that they came out under a contract.
They came into the service under an assurance
of the pay of a captain of cavalry. They are will-
ing to be reduced in company with other officers
of the Army in their pay, out not to be made them-
selves an exception. If you reduce the pay of a
captain of cavalry, they expect to abide by that
reduction; but 1 believe it is their feeling pretty
generally that it is rather invidious to select them,
to reduce them by themselves, when other officers
of the Army arc not reduced pro rata, nor is that
which was given as the standardoftheirpayitself
reduced.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The dis-
tinction is this: The volunteer force is called into
the field with the same compensation as the Army
officers; a volunteer captain of cavalry comes here
and has the same pay as a regular officer; the
chaplain of a regiment comes here, but instead of
having the pay of a chaplain of the Army, he has
the pay of a captain of cavalry. It was fixed at
too high a standard at the time; it was wrong to
do it; and I think in the present state ®f the Treas-
ury we owe it to the country to make the change
and put them on the same footing with chaplains
of the Army. We really propose here to give them
a little more.
The question being taken on Mr. Harlan's
amendment, there were, on a division—ayes 16,
noes 15; no quorum noting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, and others,
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays
23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Grimes,
Haikui, Harris, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nes
mith, Pomeroy, Shemian, Trumbull, and Wiimot—14.
NAYS—Mc-^rs. Biowning, Garble, Claik, Gollamey,
Cowan, Davis, tVsscnden, Foot, Foster, Henckison, How-
ard. Howe, Moirill, Powell, Nice, Stark, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Wade, Willcy, Wil&on of Massachusetts, Wilson of
Missouu, and Wught—sKJ.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I have an amendment to propose,
to come in as a new section 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is not now in order. The next amend-
ment in order is one which has been submitted
by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Nesmitii,] to
insert, at the end of the eleventh section:
And that hereaftovthere shall he hut one chaplain in each
brigade.
Mr. CLARK. It does not strike me that that
amendment is wise, or will operate well. I think
if Senators will consider, they will see that every
chaplain of a regiment has more persons to look
after than almost any man who has the care of a
parish or of a small society. I think that the
societies in my State will not average so large a
number of persons as a regiment for which the
minister Jiaa to care; and if he is a good man, he
finds abundance to do for all his time; and if he is
not a good man, he will not attend to his duties,
whether he is the chaplain of a regiment or of a
brigade.
Then there is another consideration. Your
chaplain goes with the regiment; the men are made
up and taken from his neighborhood; he under-
stands their condition and their wants. If you
now make them into brigades, you will have one
regiment from one State,and another from another
State, and you will have, persons appointed chap-
lams to brigades who are entire strangers to the
soldiers, who will not know their wants as they
do now.
Then, again, by the adoption of this amend-
ment, you will have to discharge a certain portion
of these chaplains. Which of them shall be dis-
charged, and how shall they be discharged ? It
seems to me that as we have begun with a chap-
lain to a regiment, we had botterso continueuntil
the wui i* endfd, and the volunteer force dis-
banded. I think n good chaplain is the most ef-
fective man in the regiment, and I can now point
to men who are doing more good as chaplains
than almost any men in the regiment. Though
they do not fight, they do a great deal towards
keeping the regiment ready to fight; they are with
the sick, they are with the suffering, they do a
great deal to keep your Army such as it ought to
be. In my judgment, you had better not take
away from the regiment the man to whom the sol-
dier goes in his time of suffering, or when he
needs advice. You had better let him be with the
men, and let the men be close to him, and about
him, and let them see him every day, and every
hour of the day, and let them comc to him readily
and ask his advice, and let him be a friend to
them, and a close friend, and about them all the
time. It seems to me that it is not wise to take
the chaplains away from the regiments, and send
them home, or provide a different organization.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota is now m order.
Mr. RICE. I offer the followingamendment,
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter all chaplains,
whether In the regular or volunteer service or hospitals,
shall receive $1,200 per annum.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IiOWE. I want to ask the mover of the
amendment whether, if it be adopted, the chap-
lains will be entitled to their pay monthly or quar-
terly ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The rule in
the Army is to pay every two months. The chap-
lains are paid regularly with the others every two
months.
Mr. HOWE. All other persons in the service
have a monthly pay prescribed. This is a pay
per annum. I did not know but that might make
a difference.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Say §100 a
month.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that would be the
better form in which to put the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Minnesota acccpt that modification?
Mr. RICE. Certainly; let it read 44 $100 per
month."
Mr. HARLAN. _ This is a proposition to re-
duce the pay of regimental chaplains more than
fifty per cent, per annum. Then, if the bill should
pass with the ninth section included, it will reduce
their pay in addition ten per sent, from the $1,200
as now proposed, which will reduce the compen-
sation of volunteer chaplains below that of post
chaplains. I am riotsuie that I understand this
system of appointing chaplains to the Army; but
if I understand it, there are no chaplains to the
regular regiments of the Army. There are post
ch'aplains; that is, chaplains appointed to serve
for troops that may be stationed at posts on the
frontier. I have learned from the Adjutant Gen-
eral that they never appoint a post chaplain for
regular troops that arc quartered near a city or a
town where the troops can attend the services of
their denominations at the various churchcs, and
that these post chaplains consequently have quar-
ters furnished them; and hence, under the com-
pensation, as the law now stands, the post chap-
lains do receive, as I have been informed by them
andbyArmy officers, compensation to the amount
of about one hundred and twenty-five dollars a
month. They live in their quarters at their posts,
not exposed to danger to any very great extent.
This amendment proposes to give to the chaplain
of a volunteer regiment who follows the troops in
the field, twenty-five per cent, less compensation
than a post chaplain receives. In my judgment,
this is wrong.
Mr. BRO W"NING. I think I shall vote against
the amendment, i do not think the pay is suffi-
cient. If good men are appointed chaplains in the
Army, I do really believe that they render more
valuable service to the country for the amount of
money they receive than any men in the service.
If bad men are appointed, of course they do us
! evil instead of good. I do not doubt that there
; are some unworthy men acting as chaplains. It
| would be remarkable if there were not. It is so
' m every department of life, and always will be
i until the millennium comes. As a general thing, I
