62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. UPTON, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
amend the actof July 20,1861, granting a bounty
of $100 to certain soldiers who have enlisted in
the Army of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
APPOINTMENT 01 PAYMASTERS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, on the day be-
fore yesterday, making certain inquiries of the
Secretary of War as to the expenses of paymas-
ters -in the employment of the Government.
There being no objection, the motion to recon-
sider was entertained.
Mr, HOLMAN. My object in making the
motion is only to add after the word " paymas-
ters" the words "assistant paymasters;" and
also to add to the resolution the words, "and
that the Secretary of War be requested to inform
the House under what authority said appoint-
ments have been made."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to hear how the
resolution will read as amended.
DEATH OF SENATOR BAKER.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its chief clerk, communicated to the House res-
olutions passed by the Senate on the occasion of
the announcement of the death of Hon. Edward
D. Baker,latea Senatorfrom theStateofOregon.
The message from the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
In Senate of the United States,
December 11, 1SQ1.
Resolvedunanhnously, That the mernbeis of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing eveiy mark ofiespcet clue
toiho memory of Hon. Edward D.13aker, deceased. late
a Senatorfrom the .State of Oregon, will go into moutmng
by wearing ciaj>e on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved unanimously, That, as an additional mark of
re&poet for the roemoiy of lion. Edward D. Daker., the
Senate do now adjourn.
Resohed, That tlie Seeretaiy of the Senate communicate
these resolutions to the IIou&c of Representatives.
Mr. SHIEL. If the message just read has not
startled us from our usual decorum by announ-
cing an unexpected calamity, its effect is not the
less painful since it awakens memories of a rooted
sorrow.
Colonel E. D. Baker is dead. He fell at the
head of his column while bravely, gallantly en-
gaging the enemy at Ball's Bluff, in"*the State of
Virginia, on the 21st of last October. His fel-
low officers and men bear honorable and grati-
fying testimony of his daring courage in that, his
first engagement during the present war. Such
courage as he there displayed has commanded the
universal admiration ofall times. And so ennobling
)s that enthusiasm for the truly brave, that we
can confess to be hero-worshipers without being
guilty of idolatry.
In the personal history of the deceased, there
is a lesson well calculated to inspire hope and
stimulate the ambition for worthy purposes in the
youth of our coming generations. No pampered
ease nor " castle of indolence" was his by virtue
of his birthright. The solemn but merciful decrce
passed upon " man's first disobedience," that in
the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, prom-
ised him no royal road to this world's honois.
But there was no sinking of the heart, no relax-
ing of the muscles nor paling of the cheek when !
he went forth as a volunteer to the great and most j
merciless of all battle-fields—the world. Years |
rolled on and manhood found him still in the !
field, but without promotion. I
Atthisperiodhismind musthave been improved 1
by refining and elevating studies, or some new I
impulse must have awakened an ambition that !
at no time previous seemed to have engaged his I
thoughts or influenced his actions. For thence- ]
forth he evidently determined to seek glory by ■
the mind rather than by bodily strength. His :
repeated triumphs, and the many honors fairly |
won in his new field of labor, fully justified him !
in his high resolve. |
A youth when landing upon our shores, with-1
out friends, fortune, or even what is considered !
an education, before he reached the meridian of'
life he was honored with the credentials of a |
Senator m the Senate of the United States by the i
Legislature of the State of Oregon—the highest1
honor that a sovereign State of this Union can
confer upon her citizens.
Those of us who have been so fortunate as to
have heard Colonel Baker in his forensic efforts
before the people, or on the floor of this House
or of the Senate, cannot easily let slip the silver
thread of memory that renews our pleasures by
recalling such delightful reminiscences. True, he
had not the statesmanlike gravity and ponderous
utteranceof a Webster, nor the oratorical elegance
of a Clay, nor the stern and unanswerable logic
of a Calhoun; but he had a mind stored with the
richest treasures of English literature; a fluency
as inexhaustible as a well of living waters; a vivid
imagination, though never violating the rules of
correct taste; a memory that had complete con-
trol over the storehouse of his knowledge; and
a delivery apparently unstudied,and yet so grace-
ful, gave to his eloquence a power which, if it
did not always convince, it was always certain to
please.
On the successful completion, as it was believed
for a short time, of the submarine telegraph be-
tween the United States and Great Britain, our
citizens, from one end of the land to the other,
manifested their delight by speeches, processions,
and other public demonstrations for what they
regarded as the greatest achievement of modern
science. The citizens of San Francisco cele-
brated the event with becoming ceremony. They
selected Colonel Baker as orator for the occasion,
and fully did his peerless effort justify their
choice. He saw not "asin a glass darkly," but
by the clcar light of intelligent calculation, that
while one end of the line might be in London the
other must ultimately be on the shores of the
Pacific. P>y the annihilation of time and space
almost, the commercial and social relations of
people separated by thousands of miles would be
subjected to no greater difficulties than if they
were residing in neighboringtowns. To citizens
of that Ultima Thule of the Republic such pic-
tures of " old times," though drawn by an infe-
rior hand, would appeal with thrilling effect.
But while the original enterpiise failed, an enter-
prise so grand in its conception, so beneficent in
Us anticipated results, its extension across the
continent is a successfully established fact. Yet
while we rejoice in this noble proof of American
enterprise, the melancholy reflection will be ever
associated with these incidents that among the
first telegrams sent over this same line to the
Pacific was the one that announced the death in
battle of the gifted orator.
The remarks which I have just made have been
necessarily very brief. My limited acquaintance
with Colonel Baker, owing to the shortness of
his residence in Oregon, as well as a wide diverg-
ence in our political views and faith, prevents me
from detailing more particularly the traits of his
character, as also the distinguished achievements
of his intellectual prowess. Aware that there are
others who will fully and more ably supply my
deficiency, I feel less apprehensive than I other-
wise should.
As the Representative of the State of Oregon,
duty, consecrated by an impulse that finds a home
m every generous heart, demands this offering to
the memory of the deceased.
But, sir, there is something more than a sense
of duty that prompts me to take part in this sol-
emn ceremony. 1 would do injustice to my feel-
ings jf I refused, on sue.h an occasion as the pres-
ent, to pay my humble tribute to the memory of a
gallant officer and an eloquent Senator.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House of Representative* ofthe United
States ha* leeeived with the deepest sensibility the intelli-
gence of the death of Hon. E. D. Uakfr.
Rewired, That the members and officers of the House of
Ilepieseutativcs will wear the usual hadrre of mourning for
tinny days, as a testimony of the profound res-poet that the
llou-5c entertain? for the memory of the deceased.
Resolved. That the proceedings of this House in relation
to the death of Hon. D. Baker be communicated to the
idiiuiv of the deceased by the t'leik.
Resolved. That as a furthei mark of respect to the mem-
ory of the deceased tius House do now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. J\lr. Speaker, in
sorrowfulness of spirit such as I have seldom felt
I rise to second the resolutions proposed by the
honoiable member from Oregon.
As a friend and admirer of the deceased Sena-
tor, and as a Representative of California, I should
be doing injustice alike to my own feelings and
to the feelings of those who have honored me with
a scat upon this floor, did I allow the opportunity
to pass withoutaddingmy tribute, however hum-
ble, to his memory and worth.
This, Mr. Speaker, is a time in our history that
tries the materials of which men are made. It
may have been difficult heretofore, but now the
chaff is easily separated from the wheat—the base
metal from the gold. Perhaps no higher eulogy
could be passed upon the lamented Senator than
to say, no man who knew Edward Dickinson
Baker ever doubted his loyalty and devotion to
the Federal Government. "When this rebellion
burst upon the country, enveloping it in darkness
black as night; when no friendly star penetrated
the gloom; when a large portion of our people
had forgotten the struggles and teachings of our
fathers, and the beauties and blessings of our lib-
eral institutions, and had allowed their hearts to
become alienated from the Government, until they
found themselves arrayed in ai ms against and en-
deavoring to overthrow it, and a greater number
still were apathetic; when the very pillars were
crumbling and the foundation stones were settling
away, threatening a total destruction of the whole
structure, it was not doubted where Colonel Baker
would be found. All knew that his eloquent voice
would be heard defending the Constitution and
Government; that he would speak such words of
encouragement and hope as would energize the
timid and the weak, and that his arm would be
readied out to protect and to defend.
Oh! that all of his associates in the Senate had
been like him; then the earth would not have been
convulsed by the mighty throes of this great Re-
public; then the nation would not have bled from
every pore, as she now bleeds. He was always
ready to defend the honor of the Government,
whether upon the stump, in the national councils,
or in the tented field. His great heart was so
wedded to it, that it had not a pulsation but what
was devotional, and could not by any possibility
have been swerved from its loyalty. Like the
old cannon at Sumter, which, though it had been
used perhaps a hundred times to thunder forth
salvos in honor of the stars and stripes when
proudly and defiantly unfurled to the breeze, when
used to salute it on being hauled down, after capit-
ulation to a treasonable foe, burstinto fragments,
so would the heart of Colonel Baker ere it could
have been turned from its allegiance to a Govern-
ment that had so long received its warmest pul-
sations and truest devotion.
It was a matter of congratulation with ail loyal
men in California—and thank Heaven, the great
mass of the people there are as loyal and true as
any who breathe the inspiriting air of liberty—
that the country had Colonel Baker in its chief
council in place of one who had forgotten alike
his duty to his Government, and the binding force
of his oath of office to support the Constitution.
California never regarded him as belonging, par-
ticularly to Oregon, but as well to herself and the
whole country. Besides, as he was long a citizen
there, she claims by having given him prominence
no small share of the credit of his having been
placed in the Senate.
It should be remarked that this loyal defender
of the Government, to whom so many thousands
looked for counsel and direction when that Gov-
ernment was attacked by this giant rebellion—
this bold and daring warrior chieftain, whose fiery
words of stirring eloquence assisted so much in
fanning into a flame the slumbering embers of
patriotism in the bosoms of our people, was not
a native of the country. Yet how many of our
citizens who are natives of the soil, and inherit
the blood of revolutionary sires, might learn a
lesson of duty and patriotism from him. The loy-
alty of Baker, Sigel, Corcoran, and their brave
countrymen, demonstrates the wisdom of our
fathers in inviting them to our shores, and extend-
ing to them all the benefits of our republican insti-
tutions. They had struggled for years through
difficulties that would have appalled a less biave
and indomitable people to gain the independence
of the country, and which being established, they
magnanimously tendered to the oppressed of every
land a home, and full pai ticipation in, and enjoy-
ment of, its liberal provisions. In doing tins, our
fathers truly cast their bread upon the waters,
which after many days lias returned to aid us
with the assistance of this class of our fellow-cit-
izens who are to-day gallantly bearing arms in
