2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
House that the Senate had passed the^ bill (S.
No. 279) providing for the selection of jurors to
serve in the several courts in the District of Co-
lumbia; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
PROHIBITION OU' SLAVERY AGAIN.
Mr. DIVEN. I say that my opinion m regard
to it is, that when we acquire land for the purpose
of a navy-yard, and exclude the States ceding
that land from any civil jurisdiction over it, we
take it with the right to control it as we please.
Mr. THOMASj of Massachusetts. I call the
attention of the gentleman to the statute of 1795,
in relation to cessions, by which th^ civil juris-
diction is given to the States in all those cases for
their process of law. And I will also state that
during the last twenty-five years hardly a cession
has been-made in which that kind of jurisdiction
has not been retained by the States making the
cessions.
Mr. DIVEN. I was riot aware of that.
Mr. TIIOMAS, of Massachusetts. It is a well
settled historical fact.
Mr. DIVEN. I was stating what I supposed
to be the rule. I know that in reference to Gov-
ernor's Island, the city and State of New York had
no control over it whatever, and I supposed that
was the fact in all such cases. There may be civil
jurisdiction given in some of these cessions, but
it certainly is not so in all cases. , I drew my con-
clusion from that case.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Here is
the law.
Mr. DIVEN. I will take the gentleman's word
in regard to it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Let me call
the attention of the gentleman to the law.
Mr. DIVEN." The scconcl section of the stat-
ute, to which the gentleman directs my attention,
provides that—
" Where the States make a cession of jurisdiction for the
purposes aforesaid, without icscrvation, nil prooos<, civil
and criminal, issuing under authouty or' said State, or of
the United Slates, may he seived and executed within the
places the jurisdiction of which has been so ceded, in Lhc
&amc manner as if no &uch cession had been made."
That does not, in my judgment, give any power
to make laws by (ho States in reference to terri-
tory so ceded, it leaves complete jurisdiction in
us; and it only provides that these places shall not
be places of escapc, places of refuge, to which
men may flee to escape the service of process upon
them. But civil officers may servo civil and
criminal process in those places. That is the
extent of the section. And, sir, it is to meet that
very thing that I want to make an objection to
this bill. 1 have striven for an opportunity to
make an amendment to it which should clear it of
all obscurities. All 1 desire is to rid this Govern-
ment of all responsibility for the institution of
slavery, and let .those alone be answerable for it
who cherish it as an institution. I hold only those
responsible for crime who have the power to pre-
vent it. Now, in framing a bill to do all that we
can and ought to do as a nation to get rid of our
responsibility for what the world regards as a civil
wrong, do not let us do anything else. We can
do it without impairing our constitutional obliga-
tions, and without stirring up dissensions. "We
can do it in a plait) and simple bill, which will not
be open to criticism in courts of law, and which
we may not do in hot haste, but with calm con-
sideration, so that when it is done, it shall be well
done. Now, let us see that it is so done. We pro-
fess here only to desire to prevent slavery where
the Government has a light to prevent it; and
let us see that we do nothing else. It strikes me
that this bill does something else. If I undei-
stand the second section of this bill, if a negro
escapes from Maryland or Virginia into the Dis-
trict of Columbia, where we have exclusive ju-
risdiction, and his master comes here and attempts
to reclaim him from slavery, he could not do it,
and the slave becomes free. That was not the
intention of our Constitution. If anything is en-
graven with clearness upon our Constitution itself,
it is that it was not the intention of the Govern-
ment to make one State a refuge for people escap-
ing into that State, but that the United States
should surrender them, whether escaping from
tabor or crime. That being the intention*, shall
we, by virtue of our right of eminent domain,
stiike here and there? Shall we take this ten miles
square of the District of Columbia, for instance,
and lay it off and then pass a law by which, if a
negro gets within it and the bare attempt is made
by his master to get him off, wo shall free him
and deprive his master of him? Is not that an
infraction of the express and clear intent of the
framers of the Constitution? It so seems to me.
I sought to insert an amendment in the bill that
should provide against that, and to strip it of all
ambiguity. Some gentlemen say that a plain con-
struction of it would not have that interpretation.
To my mind it does have that interpretation.
Let us free it of all ambiguity, and let the opera-
tion of this law extend nowhere except where
slavery may exist by virtue of the Constitution
and laws of the United States; and I repeat, as I
have so often done already, but I wish to be em-
phatic, that if such a spot exists upon the broad
earth let us exercise the power to abolish slavey.
If it does not, then the bill is useless; but if it
does, and this bill or a bill of this kind is neces-
sary, let us see to it that we do nothing else, that
we make it conform to the Constitution and to
treaties, that we violate no faith, and that we do
nothing but our duty, and that in a plain and
straightforward manner.
Mr. ARNOLD obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. With the leave of the gentleman
from Illinois, I will modify my amendment by
moving to postpone it till the first day of next
session, instead of the last.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to enter into any lengthy discussion of the
bill which is now before the House. There is
nothing certainly in the present attitude of the in-
stitution of slavery towards the Government of
the United States that should entitle it to any
peculiar favor. To-day, sir, it stands in the atti-
tude of hostility to this Government, and is using
its utmost power to destroy this Government and
the institutions of our country. The object of
this bill is to exercise the constitutional power
which Congress possesses to prohibit slavery.
The design of the bill is to do what the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Diven] says that ho desires
to do, to march up to the line of constitutional
power wherever we possess that power, and to
that extent to prohibit this institution. The de-
sign of this bill is to accomplish that,and nothing
more; not to invade the constitutional rights of
the States, but in all the Territories, and every-
where wherever the Federal Government has ju-
risdiction, there to establish liberty and declare
that slavery shall never go. That is the object of
this bill.
Now, sir, when the Constitution was formed
and adopted, slavery was regarded as a temporary
evil, as a nuisance which was to be tolerated, but
which was to be as speedily got rid of as practi-
cable. But this institution, rising in power and
usurping the control of the Government, obtained
absolute sway, and became a despotism in the
land, striking down liberty of speech and freedom
of the press, and undermining the great principles
of constitutional liberty upon which this Govern-
ment was based; and when the people, in the ex-
ercise of thqir legitimate power, hurled this insti-
tution and its instruments from place, then this
institution rebelled and became a traitor, seeking to
destroy the Constitution, and it is now m arms and
endeavoring to destroy that Government which it
has so long controlled. In the pre.sent aspect of
this institution of slavery*-it seems to mc that no
man who loves his country and thatloves the Con-
stitution, can hold any other position towards it
than one of hostility, and a desire to use ail the
constitutional power which we possess to weaken
and destroy it. Wherever we can constitution-
ally give it a blow, let us do it, because when we
strike down this institution or weaken its power,
wo weaken the rebellion, which is its legitimate
offspring.
Now, sir, it is claimed here that we have no con-
stitutional power to prohibit*slavery in the dock-
yards and arsenals ceded to the United States and
over which the Government has absolute control.
I cannot, sir, see the difficulty which gentlemen
have suggested in regard to the exercise of that
power. 1 understand that Congress possesses the
same power over these places which arc ceded to
the Federal Government for these purposes that
it possesses over this capital,and I find an express
grantofthis power in the Constitution itself. How
did we acquire the power to prohibit slavery in
this District, which formerly belonged to Virginia
and Maryland? We obtained it by cession from ^
these States. We obtained power over the dock-
yards, arsenals, &c., by cession under that clause
of the Constitution which confers in the same lan-
guage the power on Congress over those places
as it does over this District. Let me ask the at-
tention of the House for a single moment to the
language of this article of the Constitution, and
see whether this bill is obnoxious to the objec-
tion which gentlemen have raised. The people
of the United States have granted to Congress the
power " to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever, over such district (not exceed-
ing ten miles square) as may by cession of par-
ticular States and the acceptance of Congress, be-
come the seat of Government of the United States,
and to exercise like authority"—that is, exclusive
legislative power—" over all places purchased by
the consent of the Legislature of the State in which
the same shall be, for the erection of forts, mag-
azines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
buildings." Now, here is a clear, absolute grant
of power in the Constitution itself. The attention
of the House has been called by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] to some
limitations which it is supposed are made in the
deeds of cession of some of the Territories com-
prising the United States. I would like to ask
the gentleman from New York, or some other
fentleman, whether a deed of cession of land in a
'erritory, containing limitations upon the power
of Congress over the land thus ceded, while it re-
mains a Territory, would continue that limitation
upon the power of Congress when the Territory
had been admitted as a State, and when, by a com-
pact between the State itself and the Federal Gov-
ernment, full and complete jurisdiction had been
granted to Congress under the provision of the
Constitution to which I have called the attention
of the House ?
Mr. DIVEN. Does the gentleman address that
inquiry to me? If so, I am afraid he has misun-
derstood me.
Mr. ARNOLD. I did not refer to the gentleman.
I referred to my friend from the Oneida district.
[Mr. Roscoe Conkling.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not hear
the gentleman's question.
Mr. ARNOLD. I remarked that I understood
that some question had been raised as to whethjer
there had not been a limitation placed upon the
power of Congress to legislate for these dock-yards
and arsenals in consequence of some condition in
some grants or deeds of cession. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether, if there were any
such limitation, it would continue to be a limita-
tion upon the power of Congress after such Ter-
ritory had been admitted as a State, and after a
compact had been entered into between the State
and the Federal Government, by which, under
this clause of the Constitution, Congress has ac-
quired an absolute light to exercise exclusive le-
gislation over land that had been thus ceded to
the Federal Government? *
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will answer
the gentleman with great pleasure if he will allow
me to remark, first, that I did not put my query to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Loyejo\] in the
form of an objection. I had had no opportunity
to read the liill, and as I always like to know
what I vote forand against, and especially in case
of measures so important as this, I was only seek-
ing information.
Now, to answer the gentleman's question. My
impression is, and it is an off-hand opinion, that
very little weight in this behalf is to be attached
to the consideration that since the original ces-
sion, the Territory has become a State. I hardly
think the change from Territory to State will vary
very much the moral or legal considerations ap-
plicable to the question. In other words, if a cer-
tain parcel of territory#was ceded to the United
States upon a portion of which dock-yards and
arsenals have been erected, and in that cession cer-
tain stipulations were contained, I think the con-
sideration of good faith operating upon the Gen-
eral Government would be just about as strong and
just aboqt as weighty both before and after the
Tenitory had become a State, because unless the
gentleman could show that subsequent to the ac-
quisition of the sovereignty of a State, a fresh
compact or fresh cession had been entered into,
the old cession and the old stipulations of cession
would stand. Their force and operation would
