1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 5,
ABOLITION OF STADT DUES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill making appropriations to carry out the third
and fourth articles of the treaty between the Uni-
ted States and the King of Hanover, for the abo-
lition of the Stadt dues.
The bill was received, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates,
to enable the President to carry out the third arti-
cle of the treaty, $43,454 16; and to carry out the
stipulation contained in the fourth article of the
treaty, $10,042 90, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the interest provided for in said
article.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will simply remark,
that the time given for the execution of the treaty
will expire on the 1st of May next, and the Sec-
retary of State wishes this bill passed to enable
him to carry out the treaty.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is there a report in this case?
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that all
the papers in thecase are upon nis table,andhave
been for some days.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I should be glad to hear the
report read.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the Clerk to read
the articles of the treaty requiring these appro-
priations to be made.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Art. 3. By way of damage and compensation for the
sacrifices imposed upon his Majesty the King of Hanover,
by the above stipulations, the United States of America
agree to pay to his Majesty the King of Hanover, who ac-
ccpts the sarao, the sum of sixty thousand tluee hundied
and fifty-throe thalcrs, Hanoverian currency, this being the
proportional quota part of the United States in the general
table of indemniiieation for the abolition of the Stadt or
Brunshausen dues.
"Art. 4. The suin of sixty thousand three hundred and
fifty-three thaler*? com ant,stipulated in article three, shall be
paid at Beihn into the handsof such persons a& shall have
been authorized by lus Majesty the King of Hanover to re-
ceive it, on the day of the exchange of ratifications, as
hereinafter provided."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
SALARIES IN COLORADO.
Mr. CRAVENS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, made an adverse report on the resolution
of the House instructing them to inquire into the
propriety of increasing the salaries of Federal
officers and the pay of members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Colorado; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IIUFUS L. IIARNEY.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report upon the
petition ofRufus L. Ilarncy; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
SYLVANUS BURNIIAM.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Sylvanus Bnrnham; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
LOUISA A BERT BYRNE.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Louisa Abert Byrne*,
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HENRY FEDLER.
On motion of Mr. CUTLER, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Henry Fedlcr
for a pension, and leave was granted to petitioner
to withdraw the papers m the case for the pur-
pose of reference to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
Mr. ASHLEY. I was not in my scat when
the Committee on Territories was called, and I
ask leave now to report a bill from that com-
mittee.
Mr. PENDLETON. I call for the regular
order of business.
JOHN GOULDING.
Mr, RICE, of Maine, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill for the re lief of John Gould-
ing; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask that the bill be
made the special order for one week from to-day.
The SPEAKER; The Chair will state that
there is already a special order for that day—the
tax bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Then I suggest Tues-
day next.
Mr. EDWARDS. Does not the bill make an
appropriation of money ?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It does not.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to making that bill
a special order.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Then I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Patents,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPITOL BAKERIES.
Mr. TRAIN, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, joint resolution S.
No. 32, directing the removal of the Array bake-
ries from the Capitol.
The joint resolution directs the Commissioner
of Public Buildings to cause the Army bakeries,
and everything pertaining to them, to be removed,
as soon as possible, from the Capitol, and appro-
priates $8,000, or so much thei*eof as may be ne-
cessary, to pay the expenses of such removal. It
also provides that in case the whole of the fore-
going sum shall not be needed for the removal of
the bakeries, the commissioner may expend the
balance in repairing the damages done to the Cap-
itol and grounds in conscquence of its occupancy
for Army purposes.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to Jay the joint resolu-
tion upon the tabic.
Mr. TRAIN. The gentleman has not the floor
to make that motion. This resolution has passed
the Senate unanimously, and any gentleman who
has given any attention to the subject I think will
agree that the Senate acted very wisely in passing
it. I did not suppose that there would be any
question in reference to it, and therefore I did not
propose to makeany statement. If gentlemen wish
to discuss it, I will hold the floor for that purpose.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] rose
for some purpose. .
Mr. HOLMAN. I rose to move to lay the
joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. TRAIN. I cannot yield for that purpose.
I suppose that every gentleman will agree that the
Capitol of a Republic like ours is not a fit place for
a bakery in any event. That which was origin-
ally designed only for a temporary arrangement
for the convenience of the soldiers who were-lo-
cated in the Capitol itself has now grown up to be
a very largo establishment, and one of very great
detriment, to those doing business in the Capitol.
The most serious injury which it works to the
Capitol is to the Congressional Library, and if gen-
tlemen have had any occasion to go there within
the last six weeks, they have ascertained the fact
that it is impossible to warm the Congressional
Library while the bakeries are in operation. The
library has remained unheated, and gentlemen who
have gone there and remained any time have taken
cold and been seriously indisposed; and the libra-
rian will tell you that the library itself is suffering
very much in consequence of there being no means
of heating it owing to the operations of the bakery.
Under the military authority here they do as they
please about the Capitol, and the Commissioner of
Public Buildings cannot control thematall. They
build flues wherever they choose, and they have
built a flue into the flue of the furnace of the library
which prevents any heat being furnished to the
library.
Now, if it is of more consequence to Congress
that these gentlemen shall be allowed to bake their
bread m the Capitol than it is to preserve the Con-
gressional Library,then you will vote this resolu-
tion down. There are two buildings in this im-
mediate neighborhood which are offered to the
Government, and which will answer the purposes
of the bakeries, and which the Government can
have at their own price. The only cost to be in-
cuired under the resolution is the cost of remov-
ing the ovens, and putting them up in these build-
ings. One of the buildings is the one formerly
used as a gas-house, and the other is the old depot
down here at the corner of the street. The own-
ers of the buildings have offered them to the Gov-
ernment at any price they choose to pay.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
if there are not several persons who are desirous of
having the job of the transfer of these bakeries, and
if that is riot an additional reason why this ap-
propriation should be made?
Mr.fTRAIN. I do not know anything about
that. 1 am stating what I believe to be the truth
of the matter, and I am not inclined to joke about^,
it this morning.
The chimneys of these bakeries upon the Senate
side of the Capitol, by the smoke and gas which
they send up, are a serious annoyance to Senators
and to everybody who has any business there;
and I know that eveiy member of the Senate is
very anxious that this resolution shall pass, as is
shown by the fact that it passed the Senate unan-
imously. I do not know that I can enlighten the
House any further in regard to this matter. I do
not believe that there is any job about it, or that
it will give anybody more than fair wages per day
for the work necessary; and I think every one will
agree after it is done that it was not done a mo-
ment too early. I move the previous question.
Mr. BLAKE. I make the point of order that
the joint resolution makes an appropriation, and,
therefore, must be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has allowed
the bill to be considered for fifteen minutes, and
the Chair thinks the point of order comes too late.
After a bill has been read and debated, it is always
held that it is too late to make-that point of order.
Mr. BLAKE. Well, 1 move to lay the joint
resolution upon the table; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Joseph Baily, Baker, Bingham,
Blake, William G. Brown, Butfinton, Calvert, Campbell,
Chamberlin, Clark, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Con ti-
ling, Roscoe Conkhng, Cravens, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis,
Diven, Duel!, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fessen-
don, Fisher, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Hale, Hall, Harding,
Harrison, llolman. Hooper, Horton, Hutcluns, Kelley, Wil-
liam Kellogff, Killingcr, Lansing, Lazear3 Lcary, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Menssies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill,
Nixoii, Patron, Pendleton, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Pottei,
John H. Rice. Edwatd H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shrllaharger, Sherman, Sloan, Stevens, Trowbridge, Van
Valkenbuigh, Wadsworth, Wall, Wallace, Charles W.
Walton, Whcelei, Wiekhffe, Wil?on, and Windom—-7G.
NAYS—Messrs. Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman, Buldle, Fran-
cis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George 11. Browne, Cobb$
Conway, Corning, Cox, Crisfield, Delano, Edwards, Fran-
cbot, Glider, Gurley, Haiglit,Knapp, Lehman,McPherson,
Maynard, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps,
Alexander H. Rice, Richardson, ltiddle, Robinson, Shef-
field, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Train, Verree, Vibbard, E. T. Walton,
and Webster—42.
So the joint resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. BLAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was laid upon the table,
and also moved to lay the motion to rcconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUTLIFF AND CASE.
Mr. HALE, .from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of SutlifF & Case;
which was read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
COLE AND McELRATII.
Mr. CRISFIELD, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report on the petition
of Gordon E. Cole and Charles McElrath; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MAILS TO PANAMA.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Postmaster General, on
the subject of the threatened discontinuance of the
mails to Panama; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
SMALL NOTES IN TIIE DISTPvICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CALVERT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to authorize
the banks in the District of Columbia to issue cir-
culating notes of a less denomination than five
dollars; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
