1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
defense of the Government, and among the lead-
ers of whom Baker, Sigcl, and Corcoran have
been prominent.
It is no wonder that the leaders of the traitors,
whose headquarters are at Richmond, should de-
sire to limit the right of the elective franchise, and
to change our naturalization laws, as our foreign-
born citizens furnish the poorest material out of
which to manufacture traitors, for t^he reason that
many of them have tasted of tyranny in the Old
World, and have 110 longing for it here. General
Baker was born in the city of London in the year
1811. In 1815 his father, Edward Baker; removed
with his family to this country, settling in the city
of Philadelphia, where they resided for about ten
years. In 1825 he removed his family to Illinois,
where the early manhood of Edward Dickinson
Baker was spent, and where his remarkable mind
ripened into full power and elegance. Young
Baker studied law in the office of Judge Caverly,
at Carrolton, at which place he married a lady of
high character and position, who still survives
him. In 1835 he removed to Springfield, Illinois.
In 1837 he was elected to the Legislature of the
State, and reelected soon thereafter. He served
from 1840 to 1844 in the State Senate. In 1844
he was elected to a seat in this branch of the
national Legislature, serving with distinction until
the breaking out of the difficulties with Mexico,
when he proceeded to Springfield and raised a
regiment of young men, who were immediately
accepted by the Government and embarked for
the war.
On arriving at Matamoras, irregularities were
discovered that demanded immediate attention,
and Colonel BAKERCame to "Washington as bearer
of dispatches. When he arrived here Congress
was in session, and availing himself of his right
to a seat, he pleaded the cause of the volunteers
then in the field in a speech of great force and
power. His mission to Washington accom-
plished, he resigned his seat in the House, and
returned to his regiment in time to share in the
siege of Vera Cruz, and served with distinction
during the remainder of the war. After its close
he was again elected to a seat in this House, and
served his term with great industry and success.
His eulogy pronounced during that term upon the
death of President Taylor, is one of the gems that
ornament the proceedings of Congress. In 1852
he went to California, establishing himself in the
city of San Francisco, where he practiced hispro-
fession with success, notwithstanding he took
strong grounds againstccrtain popularmovements
which would have destroyed the popularity of any
other man. But Colonel Baicer could not be un-
popular, as his eloquence always charmed 5 though
it did not always convincc the multitude.
It was my good fortune to become acquainted
with him soon after his arrival in San Francisco.
That acquaintance soon ripened into friendship,
and a friendly intercourse existed between us
until his death.
On his advent to California he foundapolitical
despotism reigning there, as corrupt as it was in-
tolerant, which had well-nigh crushed out the last
relic of political freedom, and the last hope of
freemen. This state of tilings was sufficient to
enlist his earnest attention, and he finally yielded
his determination to eschew politics altogether, to
the clamors of those desiring reform in the city
and State governments, who thought his popular-
ity would secure his election, and his ability en-
able him to effect the desired reformation, and
became a candidate for the State Senate in 1855.
I was among those selected on the Legislative
ticket with him, but, though a stirring canvass
was made, we suffered a Waterloo defeat; this,
however, instead of disheartening, only aroused
his energies and fixed his determination. In 185G
he entered the field forFremont,and though there
was no hope of carrying California, made a bril-
liant canvass of the Statu. During this campaign
it frequently happened that no person of his po-
litical sentiments could be found, to introduce him
to his audiences, when he would either introduce
himself or some person notoriously opposed to
his principles would volunteer to render him that
service. But notwithstanding so few at this time
agreed with him politically, so great was his rep-
utation as an orator, he could always command
larger audicnces than perhaps any other man in
the State; and though lie suffered defeat after de- j
feat in successive campaigns, he never relaxed his I
energies, his hold upon the public mind, or his
determination to see the complete triumph of free-
dom of speech in California. He knew that in-
tolerance could not last always, and that reforma-
tion, justice, and freedom of speech and of the
press must finally prevail.
After struggling along fiom year to year until his
object was nearly an accomplished fact, or at least
until the dasvn of a new era was faintly percept-
ible, he went in 1859 to Oregon, where he entered
immediately the political arena, and after a bril-
liant campaign was elected to the Senate. From
this period his acts are so intimately blended with
the history of the country, and are so well under-
stood,! need not advert to them. To his unyield-
ing determination, coupled with his undying love
for free institutions, his glowing eloquence and
unanswerable logic, is California indebted, more
than to any other man, for the entiie overthrow
of the political despotism that so long held her in
its traitorous grasp. And the whole country is
also indebted to him in no small degree, that Cal-
ifornia is to-day in the Union by her own act and
choice, and as true and loyal as any State over
which the banner of freedom waves.
Years ago,when our present difficulties were only
foreseen by the wise and cautious, and scarcely
believed to be of probable occurrence by them,
Baker was engaged in molding public sentiment,
and inculcating something like a proper respect
for the sacred right of freedom of speech upon all
questions of public policy.
The oligarchy that ruled the State as with a rod
of iron,claiming to represent ithereand elsewhere,
but who outraged'every sentiment of the great
mass of the people, and betrayed every trust con-
fided to them, saw, doubtless, that he was dan-
gerous to the existence of their power; but they
could not reach him in any way. He gave them
no cause of attack; cool, courteous, and affable,
he would meet them with weapons they knew not
how to use—logic, eloquence, and moral heroism.
They were even forced to applaud his eloquence,
which seemed to thrill and charm all who sat
beneath it; but his clear logic they would seek to
bury beneath their subtle sophistries, or dispel its
force by mere denunciation.
Perhaps the most saddening event that befell
Colonel Baker in California was the death of his
friend—the determined, true, loyal, gallant, lion-
hearted Senator Brodcrick. They had just been
through a campaign together, armed only with
truth and justice; and followed by an undisciplined
train of supporters, having had to meet an organiza-
tion that had always held despotic sway, they
were,as might have been expected, unsuccessful.
While their hearts were still sore at the want of
success of thoircherished principles, Broderickfell
a victim to that code, unjust as it is cruel and bar-
barous, that, in some sections of the country, still
disgraces alike humanity and the age in which we
live. The whole State was sensibly affected by
the death of one they had looked upon as a cham-
pion, as true to his principles as tlu: needle to the
north pole. Thousands, even among those who
had always opposed him politically, as they gazed
upon his inanimate form, paid the tribute of tears
to the fallen hero. Colonel Baker, by general
consent, became the funeral orator, and in words
of pathetic eloquence did justice to the memory
of one so daring, so noble, and so true. But
where will the orator be found in California, or
here, who will be able to do justice to the memory
of the self-sacrificing, patriotic, and gallant Col-
onel Baker?
As a noticeable incident, I may be permitted to
remark, that some years ago, when it was sup-
posed that a strong and durable cable had been
laid through the Atlantic that would thereafter
pulsate with thought between the great hearts of
the Old and New World, the people of the me-
tropolis of the Pacific duly celebrated the event.
Always enterprising and enthusiastic, the citizens
turned out in vast numbeis; and Colonel Baker,
being one who could always meet the expecta-
tions of the people, was chosen to deliver an ad-
dress on the occasion, and acquitted himself with
great credit. All those who had the pleasure of
listening to him on that occasion pronounced his
effort one of the most chaste and ek'gant dis-
courses to which they had ever listened. Years
of busy tumult had rolled their round, when cer-
tain energetic persons determined upon the con-
struction of a trans-continental telegraph line that
should unite the far-off shores of the Pacific with,
theAtlanticsea-board. In due time the great work1
was commenced, and the people watched its prog-
ress with much interest, until finally they were
told that on the morrow it would be completed,
and they brought within instant communication
with their old homes; when, though separated by-
mountain chains, valleys, and wide-spreading,
deserts, husbands andfathers could.converse, by.
the aid of the electriccurrent, with wives and chil--
dren, from whom they had been separated for'
years, as though they again surrounded the fam-
ily hearth. That morrow came, and the citizens
of San Francisco had prepared to celebrate that
event also with fitting demonstrations of joy. The
wires were at last joined together. Distance had
been overcome. The stormy Atlantic and the
peaceful Pacific, separated since the beginning of
time, if not now united, were at least brought
within speaking distance of each other. But all
rejoicing was soon terminated. The first message
that flashed from east to west over the wires an-
nounced the death of Colonel Baker. Quick
almost as the electric flash that conveyed the mes-
sage there, did the current of sorrow run through
the city. Joy faded from the faces of the multi-
tude. The crowded streets were hushed into si-
lcnce; and in place of loud rejoicing came the
whispered accents of mourning. All who loved
the Union and the old flag, felt that one of the
most eloquent defenders of the former had fallen
heroically defending the latter. All agreed a great
man had passed away. Thousands mourned in
him the loss of a true and generous friend. All
mourned for the great orator whose silvery voice
they had so often heard as it stole out in harmo-
nious cadences upon the evening air, on occasions
well remembered, when his eloquence had seemed
to lift them above the conflicting elements of the
world into a sphere of poetry and thought his
genius had created. A great party mourned the
loss of an intrepid leader, who had done so much
to call it into existence in that State, and cause it
to become the ruling power. They felt that, to
use his own words, pronounced upon the death
of the lamented Broaerick, "as in life no other
voice amongusso rang its trumpet blastupon the
ear of freemen, so in death its echoes will rever-
berate amidst our mountains and our valleys until
truth and valor cease to appeal to the human
heart."
And there were others there whose sorrow could
only be comforted by the hand of the Almighty
Father who had callcd the gallant hero home. A
loving, trusting wife was apprised by that dis-
patch that she was thenceforth a widow, and
daughters were informed that a kind and indul-
gent father had died " doing duty." I would not
disturb the sublimity of their sorrow or quietude
of their woe; and yet I would assure them that a
grateful country will hold in sacied remembrance
those who fdll in defense ofourgreat inheritance—
the Constitution and the Union. To the sorrow-
stricken widow and children I would say, weep
not, grieve not; it is glorious to die in defense of
one's country, in the performance of the highest
earthly duty; and dying thus, to the patriot death
is robbed of its sting.
Could I speak to-day to Washington and his
compatriots who struggled so long to establish
this Government for us, and to Baker, Lyon, and
Ellsworth, and their brave comrades who have
fallen in its defense, I would acknowledge to the
former that we have sinned deeply; that the Gov-
ernment which they established has taken to its
bosom many vipers, who, after being warmed into
strength and power, have stung it until every
artery has flowed with a green, corrupting, and
poisonous current; but I would assure them that
it is recovering from it; and that we see cheer-
ing evidences that it will soon be restored to full
health, strength, and vigor in all its parts, with-
out undergoing the amputation of any member of
its great body; and the latter I would assure, that
the great cause for which they risked and sacri-
ficed their lives is constantly progressing, and that
the armed hosts marshaled in defense of the Con-
stitution will onward, and onward, and onward
move, until every armed foe is driven from the
limits of the country, and every rebel footprmtis
obliterated from our soil. To accomplish this let
the loyal people emulate the self-abnegating ex-
ample of the brave Colonel Baker. Let our Army
strike quick and hard and home upon the enemy,
