1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Samson, of the Baptist church, and the other from
Rev. Dr. Gurley, of the Presbyterian church, be
read.
The letters were read, as follows:
Columbian College, Washington, D. C.,
February 3,18o2.
My Dear Brother : I learn through some of the hos-
pital chaplains that Hon. Mr. Dunn has been, as was nat-
ural, misled bv the wording of the President's message as
to what I think we shall agree was his intention, fully ex-
pressed in conversation with us. The bill prepared by Hon.
Mr. Bonn pioposes to put hospital chaplains on a footing
with post chaplains in the regular Army. Such chaplains
being permanent, having a limited range of duty, and le-
quiring no horse, and being furnished with a bouse, can live
very economically with their families. The hospital or regi-
mental chaplains have the expense of breaking up for a
temporary service, the necessity for two establishments if
they have families, and for the use of a horse in attending
funerals; and including wear and tear added to this expense,
I see not how tliey can live with less salary than the regi-
mental chaplains. My impression is clear, and I think you
will agree with me, that the President designed to put the
hospital chaplains on a footing with the regimental.
1 am truly your brother, G. W. SAMSON.
Rev. Dr. Gurley.
Tuesday Morning, February 4,1862.
Dear Sir : I concur in the views expressed by Rev. Dr.
Samson. If you have any doubt about the matter, suppose
you confer with the President, and ask him at what rate
he expected these hospital chaplains to be paid.
Yours truly, P. D. GURLEY.
Hon. Mr. Dunn.
Mr. DUNN. The clergymen who wrote these
letters have charge of congregations in this city;
but have no connection with the chaplain service.
They early called the attention of the President to
the wants of the military hospitals in that regard,
and the President took the responsibilty of re-
questing thepersons named in the bill to serve as
chaplains. The question having arisen as to what
the President meant in saying that they should be
paid as Army chaplains—whether as chaplains in
the regular Army or in the volunteer service—I
called upon the President in accordance with the
suggestion contained in the letter of Dr. Gurley.
The President said h  intended to indicate the
pay of the chaplains in the volunteer service, and
that he gave the assurance that he would recom-
mend that compensation to be appropriated.
Now, I wish the House to understand that the
service that these chaplains have rendered is in
compliance with the request of the President of
United States. They have served as chaplains
now some six months, since September or Octo-
ber, without compensation; and the families of
some of them are really in a suffering condition.
I hope, therefore, the House will concur in this
bill as it is reported, and then, if they desire it,
lot them in future reduce the salaries of all chap-
lains if they think proper so to do. Gentlemen
will observe that in this bill authority is conferred
upon the President to discharge these chaplains
whenever, m his judgment, their services are no
longer required.
Mr. OL1N. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, I wish to ask the attention
of the House to one or two considerations in con-
nection with this subject, for I deem it but an act
of justice to attempt to remove the misapprehen-
sion that evidently prevails as to the merits of the
measure proposed in the bill before the House.
There is no comparison between the labors per-
formed by these hospital chaplains and the ordin-
ary post chaplains of the regular Army. The
duties of the two are as dissimilar as it is possible
to conceive, both as to their extent and variety.
Sir, let me state a fact. Your post chaplain is
assigned to a permanent post. Take, for instance,
the post of Port Hamilton, in New York; the
chaplain there is the minister of a congregation
as well as chaplain of the post, and a salary of
§200 to the chaplain of that post would be a more
adequate compensation than a salary of §800 pro-
posed by gentlemen to be paid to a chaplain m
one of our military hospitals.
Now, look for a moment to the position of a
hospital chaplain. It is a meie temporary assign-
ment to a particular duty—a duty the most ardu-
ous and important in its character that can be pos-
sibly assigned to a man. He is attending daily
and hourly at the bed of the sick man. He is
attending almost daily the funeral services ofmen
who have died in the hospital; and the amountof
services that these men have to perform, in the
discharge of their duty, is not only equal to that
performed by the chaplains in the volunteer ser-
vice, but it is ten times more than is ordinarily
performed by one of the regimental chaplains of
the Army.
Why, Mr. Speaker, do you know the number
of the sick and disabled soldiers in the hospitals in
this city and Alexandria ? Do you know anything
about the services performed by the men who
act as chaplains at these hospitals—men, some of
whom I personally know—men following in the
steps of their Divine Master, " going about and
doing good?" I should be amazed, I should be
ashamed if this House should refuse to pay to
these worthy men the sum which the President's
act in their appointment pledged to them. Sir,
these men should be paid a salary at least equal
to that paid to the regimental chaplains in the vol-
unteer service.
Mr. Speaker, I know that a great many good
men have gone into the Army as chaplains, and
that they have performed a duty there for which
their Divine Master will, I trust, reward them,
though thisHouseand the people may fail to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question in connection with this subject. The
gentleman refers to the similarity of the work per-
formed by those men to that performed by their
Divine Master; is there not this distinction, that
one created fishes and coin whenever he had need
of them, while his human followers have not that
power. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir; and the wicked world
crucified one, and would stone the others. [Laugh-
ter.] In that respect, the parallel holds good to
this day.
Now, whileit is true, as I have said, that many
of our Army chaplains have rushed to the field
from a sense of duty, many who have thrown up
salaries and the charge of congregations where
they were being paid more than they are being
paid for their services in the Army, who, I repeat,
have gone into the Army simply from a sense of
duty, it is true that there are m the Army others
who are not of that character, and who, for the
credit of the scrvicc, had better remained at homo.
But these men, some of whom I personally know,
appointed by the President as hospital chaplains,
I know with what assiduity and devotion they
have performed their duty; and I think it woulu
be a great hardship and a gross outrage for Con-
gress to pay them a compensation less than is
given to the regimental chaplains in the volunteer
service.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
New York has stated that he knows these men
personally, will he inform the House whether
thejiare not pastors of congregations in this city.
Mr. OLIN. Some of them are, and some of
them are not. I know one young gentleman—but
it is unnecessary for me to go into particulars.
If gentlemen will make themselves familiar with
what has been done and with what is now doing
by these men, they would not, I am sure, begrudge
the salaries which it is proposed by this bill to pay.
I thank the gentleman from Indiana for affording
me the opportunity to make these few remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concur in the remarks
that have been made by the honorable gentleman
from New York on my right. If he is astonished
at the course which some gentlemen are inclined
to take in reference to the class of chaplains re-
ferred to in the bill now reported by the gentle-
man from Indiana, there are others who have had
reason to be much more astonished for another
reason.
It is true, as the gentleman has said, that the
labors of chaplains, whether at the post or in the
hospital of the volunteer forces, are not understood
or appreciated as they should be. They are, I be-
lieve, underrated by gentlemen upon the floor of
this House. But there seems to be a disposition—
I have seen it manifested in the House by gentle-
men here—to reduce their salaries, on the ground
that their services are not at all proportionate to
the salaries they receive.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am persuaded that if gen-
tlemen on this floor will really set about it, and
will make the requisite inquiries, they will find
that these chaplains are men who render services
that are not disproportionate to the salaries they
receive; that they render more services than other
gentlemen or other officers in the Army in propor-
tion to the salaries they receive.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish just to say a word
upon that point,
Mr. DUNN. I do not like to interfere with
the gentleman, but I do not wish to lose control
of the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not at all. I merely desired
to say, that by the law as it exists, the private
soldiers in our Army receive, for incurring all the
dangers and hardships of the service, a salary of
less than one hundred and sixty dollars per an-
num, and now it is proposed to pay these men
who have been acting as chaplains, a salary of
seventeen or eighteen hundred dollars a year.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Two thousand one
hundred dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman says §2,100.
Now I wish to ask the gentleman from Maine if
the salaries of these two classes of men are pro-
portionate to their services ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gentleman is laboring
under a misapprehension as to the compensation
of chaplains in the Army. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] what that compensa-
tion is.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will inform the
gentleman. They receive the salary of captain of
cavalry, which is $175 per month, making a yearly
compensation of about two thousand one hundred
dollars.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no; the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. DUNN. I must decline to yield the floor
further.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana, that I understand one of
these gentlemen to whom this bill refers as chap-
lain, has been shown to be disloyal by testimony
taken in reference to him.
Mr. DUNN. Which one of them?
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. McGrath.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman states upon his
responsibility that such is the fact, let him make
a motion to strike out the name of this one and I
will accept the amendment.
Mr. EDGERTON. If the gentleman will allow
me I will move to add:
Proxided, That no such salaiy shall be paid to any chap-
lain who shall be disloyal to the Government.
Mr. DUNN. I have no objection to thatamend-
ment, if the House sees fit to adopt it. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana a question as to the charac-
ter of this bill.
Mr. DUNN. I will hear the question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to ask whether the bill
provides merely for the payment of the chaplains
who have been heretofore appointed, or whether
there is also a provision for future appointments?
Mr. DUNN. There is a second section of the
bill which provides that the President may, in his
discretion, appoint chaplains to general perma-
nent military hospitals, to hold their offices dur-
ing his pleasure, and their pay to be like that first
named, subject, of course, to the future action of
Congress.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is all I wanted to know.
Mr. EDWARDS. I want to ask the gentleman
from Indiana what the pay and allowances of a
captain of cavalry amount to ?
Mr. DUNN. About one thousand seven hun-
dred dollars, I believe; but I wish the House to
understand this one thing, that the pay of chaplains
of the Army is but about half what members of
Congress receive, and as my colleague [Mr. Hol-
man] is so much exercised upon the subject of
chaplains receiving more than the soldieis who
have to face death in the ranks, I should like to
know how much he receives for lys services here ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The same sum that my very
worthy colleague does. I believe that is a little
too high, and I hope my colleague will favor any
fair proposition that may come before the House
to reduce it.
Mr. DUNN. I will do that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not objecting to a fair
compensation to chaplains, but I do object to this
great disproportion between the small pittance
paid to the soldier and the large sums paid to chap-
lains. I am in favor of paying chaplains $900* a
year.
Mr. DUNN. If my colleague will introduce a
bill to reduce the pay of members of Congress to
that of common soldiers, I will vote for it.
I only wish to say further, that these chaplains
acted in accordance with the request of the Pres-
ident, and on the assurance that they should be
paid as other volunteer chaplains are paid; and I
