64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
and treason will melt and flee away. Follow his
example,
" And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave
O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave,"
in every State and Territory that has ever ac-
knowledged its sway.
The remains of the late Senator have been re-
moved for burial to my far-off home of the "West,
where the waves of the mild Pacific gently lave
the golden sands from the Sierra's slopes.
"Good friend! true hero!" to your memory
hail; to the kind face, the genial companion, the
manly form, farewell!
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, the funeral pro-
cession of the departed Baker has passed through
the crowded streets of our Atlantic cities. The
steamer, perhaps, to-day is bearing its precious
burden between the portals of the Golden Gate.
The thousands who, with enthusiastic acclaim,
cheered his departure as a Senator, stand, with
bowed frames, and bared heads, and weeping
eyes, to receive with honor, but with sorrow, the
lifeless remains that are to be buried in their
midst. And there devolves upon us, his former
associates, brought by the telegraph almost to
the side of his open grave, the duty of rendering
also our tribute of affection to his memory.
To say that the deceased Senator was an ex-
traordinary man, is simply to reiterate what
the whole country long since conceded. He
carved out his own niche in the temple of fame.
He built his own pedestal in our American Val-
halla. And if the Frcnch philosopher D'Alem-
bert was correct in saying that there are but three
ways of rising in the world—to soar, to crawl,
and to climb—our friend's history is a striking
exemplification of the last and worthiest of these
ways. The hand-loom weaver boy of Philadel-
phia—the friendless lad, with his whole fortune
m a meager bundle, turning his face westward—
the patient journey, footsore and weary, over
mountains and valleys—the deputy in the clerk's
office at Carrolton, patiently mastering the prin-
ciples of the law—his rapid rise in his profession—
his election to Congress from the capital of Illi-
nois—his volunteering in the Mexican war, and
raising, equipping, and marching his regiment
within fourteen days—his brilliant charge at Cerro
Gordo, when following up the victory which his
impetuous and dashing heroism had mainly won,
he pursued the enemy for miles with fearful
slaughter—his removal, on his return, to another
congressional district, which he carried by his
wonderful eloquence against its previous political
convictions—his removal to California—his thrill-
ing oration over the murdered Broderick—his tri-
umphant canvass in Oregon—his election to the
Senate by a Legislature, alar^e majority of which
differed with him in their political associations—
his brilliant and impromptu denunciations of trai-
tors, whom, in the Senate Chamber, he prophet-
ically hurled from the Tarpeian rock—his ex-
changing the robe of the Senator for the sword
of the soldier—his daring struggle to wrest vic-
tory, against overwhelming odds',from fate itself—
and his death at the head of his column, literally
with his back to the field and his face to the foe—
what an eventful life, to be crowned by such a
glorious death.
We know not but that death may have been as
welcome to him as life, especially when he fell in
such a sacred cause. Some long for death on the
battle-field, knowing that it is appointed for all
men once to die, and that he who dies for his
country is enshrined forever in thousands upon
thousands of patriot hearts. Others who, if we
could put a window in their breasts, we would
find that they carried a burden of care or sorrow
through life, feel that the shaft of death, when
sped by its messenger, would have no pain for
them. And with others, life is so joyous that the
hour of their departure is one of gloom, and thick
darkness encompasses the valley their feet must
tread. But for our friend, who had won his way
to his highest ambition, and who fell, in the very
zenith of his fame, in defense of the Constitution
and the Union, charging at the head of advancing
columns, careless of danger, of odds, or of death",
leaving behind him a glory which shall survive
long after his tombstone has molded into dust—
we should rather weave for him a garland of joy
than a chaplet of sorrow.
I know there was sadness in the family, which
no earthly sympathy can assuage. I know there
was sadness at the White House, where his early
friends mourned their irreparable loss. I know
there was sadness at the Capitol; sadness on the
Atlantic coast; sadness in the valley of the Missis-
sippi; sadness, as one of the first messages flashed
along the wire he had so earnestly longed to see
stretched from ocean to ocean, bore to the Pacific
the tidings of their great loss. There was sadness
around the camp-fires of over a half million gal-
lant volunteers, who, like him, had offered their
lives to theircountry in its hourof trial. So, too,
if the legends of antiquity intend to commemorate
some patriotic sacrifice of life by the story of Cur-
tius leaping into an open gulf to save the Roman
republic, was there sorrow doubtless at his fate.
And sadness, too, when Leonidas,at the head of
his feeble band, looked death calmly in the face,
and gave up his narrow span of earthly life to live
immortalized in history.
But, though there may be sadness such as this,
let us also rejoice that our friend has left behind
him such a record and such a fame, heightened
by his magical eloquence, and hallowed forever
by his fervid patriotism. For, doubly crowned,
as statesman and as warrior—
" From tiie top of fame's ladder he stepped to the sky."
Mr. DTJNLAP. Mr. Speaker, Edward D.
Baker was an Englishman born; yet as an adopted
American citiz.en,a tribute to his memory even by
one far removed from the scenes of his active
life will not be deemed obtrusive, for his was a
national character. His infancy was cradled on
the bosom of the ocean, his manhood careered
in the storm of war, his penetrating mind dis-
cerned his fatal fall, and he now sleeps in a war-
rior's grave. Bold and fearless, his eloquent voice
was lately heard in the councils of the nation, m
withering denunciations of treason, and his last
vital action was a patriot's martyrdom. Conspic-
uous in all his movements, he was the marked
object of his opponents, and the fatal field in mute
silence enshrouds his form. Poverty was his in-
heritance, civil and military preeminence his tes-
tamentary bequest. Reared byno bountiful hand,
his early days spent in a city life of unenvied toil,
he brooked the frowns of penury and want, and
on the sunset side of the Alleghanies, in the
boundless prairies of the West, he sought a home
of future usefulness. Proud of his profession, he
rivaled the nation's Douglas. His ambition was
of no ordinary mold; stimulated by the surround-
ings of his new home, just bursting the bands of
primeval beauty, and gradually emerging into
national usefulness, his new-made friends appre-
ciated his energy of character, and tendered him
legislative preferment.
Civil honois awaited him, and with almost
matchless eloquence bis advocacy of the Mexi-
can war gave him an elevated position in this
new theater, and won for him the name of orator.
His patriotic devotion was not surpassed by the
native-born citizen. Guided by that love that
masters the soul, in the hourof peril, he gave up
the emoluments and trappings of civil office, and
sought the tented field. Upon Cerro Gordo's
heights he aided in planting the banner of the
American Union, which, in his fall, became his
winding sheet. Upon the restoration of peace his
restless and ambitious spirit sought other climes,
and California, with her gilded beauty, became
the spot of the patriot's care, where clustered for
a time the joys of home, and the rich reward for
eminent services was a people's devotion. He]
was generous, brave, and manly, winning favor !
by his mildness of character, yet decisive action. I
In political or legal conflicts he dealt his blows i
with artistic skill. As a commander in the field j
or leader in party contests, he stood preeminent I
for his firmness, bravery, and gallantry. Pos- >
sessing a mind bold in conception, grand in de- j
sign and powerful m execution, he was fitted I
for every crisis that marked the eventful a e in j
which his brilliant career shone forth so conspic- j
uously. Indomitable energy and burning zeal '
for his country were characteristics that stamped
Ins every action. With 110 model, he was the
architect of his own fortunes. His persuasive
manner captivated his hearers in debate, and his
tiue nobleness of character won for him a myriad
of friends. Separated from the social ties that
linked his temporary destiny with all that could
stimulate a generous heart, he cast his eye upon
the empire city of the western ocean, with rec-
ollections of sweet endearment, and bid it fare-
well for the spot that last honored him with civil
promotion. Infant Oregon found in him a devotee
to her fast-developing resources, and a confiding
constituency trusted the gifted stranger with her
fortunes and her fate. He was to speak for her
in the national Capitol. True as she was to that
Union which constituted the elevated aim of his
highest, his proudest aspirations, he won for her
an enviable position. A nation's peril led him to
the field; and, like the gallant Lyon, he sought
death rather than defeat.
That a deep sorrow pervades the heart of the
American people at the loss of a man so energetic,
firm, and true to her interests in this trying smug-
gle for a nation's integrity, none will gainsay;
yet with that feeling there is mingled an exultant
pride that he, the distinguished dead, was one of
us. He emphatically belonged to the people.
From their ranks he sprung; for their advance-
ment and prosperity he labored; for their ap-
proval he toiled; for the perpetuity of their honor
he died. How commendable such a death! to
leave a name enshrined in the heart of this great
nation. He felt a firm conviction that he would
fall a martyr in stemming the culmination of this
wide-spread treason; but nothing daunted, with
heart of fire and brow of steel, he unbosomed his
front to the torrent that overwhelmed his gallant
form. Nought but the frame of such a spirit can
ever die. The spirit will live to animate all pa-
triots. Ball's Bluff, in all recorded time, will pro-
claim his martyrdom. "The din of battle and
clash of arms" awake not the sleeping dead. Ore-
gon raises the wail of woe, State after State joins
in the sad chorus, and the private circle wears a
melancholy cast. Edward D. Baker is gone,
and, in his eloquent and touching language at the
grave of Broderick, let us for him exclaim: "Good
friend, true hero, hail! and farewell."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I am sure
theHouse will indulge me while I add a few word^s
in reference to the illustrious dead. I first met Col-
onel Baker, sir, in 1832, upon the northwestern
frontier of the Slate of Illinois. We were soldiers
in the ranks in different commands. At the close
of that campaign we returned and lived in adjoin-
ingcounties. We met frequently at the bar. We
weie members together of the House of Repre-
sentatives of that State in 1837. We served two
years in the Senate of that State together. Dur-
ing the war with Mexico he commanded a regi-
ment; I was a subordinate officer of anoiher regi-
ment during the same period. We served together
during one Congress in this Hall. I have known
him well. It has been my fortune, ill all the
various relations where we have met, to encounter
him in debate. We belonged to different and op-
posing political parties; and at the bar, in both
branches of the Legislature, before popular assem-
blies, in this House, I never came from a contest
with him the victor. I have met but few men in
public life, sir, who were more brilliant as ora-
tors than Colonel Baker, and he added to it high
scholastic attainments. But, sir, it would be
drawing an imperfect sketch of his character if
we only gave him these attributes. While his
mind "possessed the brilliancy of the diamond,
it had its solidity, too."
Before popular assemblies his brilliancy of dis-
play attracted and commanded the admiration of
his audience. It was for the adversary to discover
that in these controversies there was more than
the flowers of rhetoric. I have met but few men
in public life whom I regarded as so dangerous an
adversaryin a political contest as Colonel Baker ;
few who had deeper convictions than he hod. I
might refer to numerous instances of the depth of
his convictions,but one will bo sufficient. When,
at the grave of his friend the late Senator from
California, Mr. Broderick, to which the Repre-
sentative from California [Mr. Phelps] has re-
ferred, Colonel Baker denounced the. practice
of dueling as inhuman and barbarous, he uttered
no new sentiment of his. In 1850, duringa mem-
orable occasion here, a collision was about to
occur bet ween Colonel Bissell, of Illinois, and Jef-
ferson Davis. In a casual conversation wJiicli
I had with Colonel Baker and some others of
our then colleagues, he denounced the practice of
dueling as infamous, barbarous, and inhuman.
It struck us all with a good deal of astonishment,
