3006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
passed by those of us who think there are some
provisions in the bill that are of value; that it is
better to luive this than to have nothing; and if
we substitute it for the bill winch has passed the
House of Representatives, it will go back to the
House for concurrence, and the question there
will be whether the House will concur; and if they
refuse to concur, as wc have reason to suppose
they will, they having by a vote of more than two
to one voted down this proposition when there
offered, it will lead to a committee of conference,
and possibly some compromise may take place,
though I know not whether any compromise is
to bo. expected. There is, then, some hope of
having something even better than the Senate bill
as it is; and therefore, when least my vote for its
passage, 1 do it because there is a chance to got
something better than that is; and even if we do
not do that, we £et something, some provisions
of value in the bill as it is.
The Senator from Maine speaks as if there was
some feeling, some attempt to drive Senators; and
he says that, it was announced that n bill should
be brought into the Senate to see if Senators dared
to vote against it. Why, sir, I never heard any
such suggestion. I take it, Senators vote against
anything that they think they ought not to vote
for. I should hopo there was no Senator hero who
ever east his vote through apprehensions of fear,
and I think it is only in the imagination of the
Senator that he 1ms conjured up any such idea.
Mr. F&SSISND&N. The Senator has no right
to say any such thing, I repeated substantially
his own words.
Mr. TllUMiMTLL. Well, sir, I do not know
what the Senator ha* heard. I have heard of no
such insinuation; and 1 should hope the Senator
from Maine would be governed by no such insin-
uation as that, and that if somebody had made
such « remark it would neither drive him against
a bill nor for a bill; neither excite his prejudice
nor «tarn> lus fears.
Hut, sir, I shall not detain the Senate. I am
not gomjj to take up lime. The Senator from
New Hampshire need not be uneasy about that.
I have said nearly all I intended to say.
Mr. CLARK.. I made no allusion to the Sen-
ator's Mopping or anything of the kind. A Sen-
ator near by me asked me if I expected to get a
vole, and I replied to him that 1 hoped so.
Mr. TIUIMliULL. I hope we may have a
vote, i entertain the numc feeling with the Sena-
tor in that inspect.
^ The PRKSI DING OFFICER, (M . Fohtbiu)
The Chair will put the vole as hood as the debate
eeases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is not more
nnxmuN than I am to have tins matter disposed
of. Inrr^ml lo the amendment which f have of-
fered, I will .state (hut I should he very glad if the
friends of this bill would incorporate into it the
details foi establish nig the evidence of the freedom
of such persons as may become free under the
substitute of the Senate, and 1 will withdraw the
proptt&iiiofi as 1 have offered it, if some of those
friends will oftVr the second and third sections of
that bill as additions to the Senate bill. I think
they are valuable, and there is certainly no con-
stitutional objection to them. They would carry
Out the dpfaihi.
Tim PRKSiDlNG OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Minion* to withdraw
hi.s aim ndment ?
Mr. TUUMiHJLL. I make that suggestion.
.The PRESIDING QFI^IOICR. Is the amend-
ment withdrawn 5
Mr, THUMHULL. No, sir; I have not with-
drawn it.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ±he amendment of theSenutor from Illinois.
Mr. ttil)MLS. if the Senators have relieved
themseh es horn all their constitutional and per-
sonal Mi'j^estioui*, 1 bhould like now to know
something about the order of business, i under-
stand we aiv now in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are.
Mr. GULYILS. We are out of committee. Wc
ha\e^adopif'd, as a substitute for the House bill,
the Senate bill, and now u is proposed by the
Senator fiom Illinois to add another bili to that
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill in
committee was amended by sinking out all after
the enacting clause and inserting what has been
denominated the Seriate bill. The bill was re-
ported to the Senate with thatamendment; and the
question first in theSenate was,"Will the Senate
concur in the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole?" T.o thatamendment, thus made in
committee, the Senator from Illinois moves this
amendment, and the question now is upon the
amendment to the amendment made in committee,
it being competent for any member to move an
amendment in the Senate to an amendment made
in committee.
Mr. GRIMES. What I want to get at is this:
I want 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Iowa
will allow me, 1 will relieve him of his difficulty.
I will withdraw the amendment I have offered, at
this stage, and let the vote be taken directly, so
far as I am concerned, on the question of concur-
ring with the Committee of the Whole in adopting
the substitute; and on that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I am satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator fiom Illinois is withdrawn.
The question now is, " Will the Senate concur in
amending this bill as it was amended in commit-
tee?" On this question the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Means. Anthony, Drowning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan. Dixon, Dooliule, FVuseuden, Foot, Foster, Harlan,
IlarrH, Henderson, Ilnwc, NeMinth, Simmon*, Stark, Ten
Kvek,and Willey—i().
N A Yrf—Me-sis, Chandler,Davis Grimes, Hale, Ilowatd,
Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas-. Morrill, pnmerov,
rihminui, SumiiOj Tiuinbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
and Wiight—17.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. On the final passage, I shall
vote for this bill, not because I believe it is much
in itself, but because I believe, if adopted now by
the Senate, it must be returned to the other House,
and through the firmness of that body, we shall
have a chance yet of having a bill that will be a
realify.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senate will now
hear witness that, there is another threat from the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. In what is it a threat, Mr.
Piesident?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the language itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take occasion to remark, that allusions to the other
Uouse, according to parliamentary rule, are not
in order.
Mr. HOWARD. On the final passage of this
bill 1 wish simply to say that I shall vote against
it, because my conviction is very strong that the
main provisions of this bill are in direct conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, because
in those provisions it undertakes to initiate a crim-
inal prosecution in a court of justice for the com-
mission of the crime of treason, and, without try-
ing the offender, without bringing him into court,
it proceeds to strip him of his property, to sell it,
and place the proceeds in the public Treasury of
the United States, All this is to be done without
a trial, without calling a jury, or resorting to any
of those proceedings which, in my judgment, the
Constitution of the United States imperatively
demands in ail cihmnal prosecutions. I legard
this as being in direct conflict with that clause of
the Constitution which provides that in all crim-
inal prosecutions no man shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law.
I therefore vote against the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHANDLER, (when his name was called.)
I wish simply to say that I vote " nay," because
I do not believe the bill is worth one stiver. It
is utterly worthless as a bill to confiscate prop-
erty. Order I"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order during the calling of the roll.
The result was announced—yeas 28. nays 13:
as follows:
YEAS—Mcsms. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Hani*, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyek, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wil-
mot—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Browning, Cmlile, Chandler,
Davis, Henderson, Howard, Nesmith, Pearce, Poweffj
Stark, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—13.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, its title was amended
to read "An act to suppress insurrection and to
punish treason and rebellion, and for other pur-
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. KING. I hope not. I hope we shall have
a short executive session.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw the motion.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive, business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 30, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Stockton, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
PUBLICATION OV CONTRACTS.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all prior or-
ders and take up the joint resolution reported the
other day from the Committee on Finance, which
was laid on the table at my request.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (S. No. 93) in relation
to contracts with the United States was resumed
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
make it. the duty of the several Executive Depart-
ments to publish in one.of the daily newspapers
of the city of Washington, on Tuesday of* each
week, a list of all contracts which shall have been
solicited or proposed to each, respectively, during
the preceding week, which list shall state briefly
the subject-matter of each contract so solicited or
proposed to be made, its terms, the name of the
proposed contractor and of all persons known to
be interested therein, directly or indirectly, and
of all persons who solicit, request, or recommend
the making of such contract. The act is not to
apply to bids made in pursuance of advertisement
under existing laws, but it will apply to proposed
modifications of them.
Mr. HALE. I had that resolution laid on the
table for the purpose of ascertaining what its prac-
tical operation would be, and 1 inclosed a copy of
it to the Secretary of War and the Secretary of
the Navy, and asked them their opinion about it.
I have received no answer from the Secretary of
the Navy; but from the Secretary of War I have
received an answer, which is brief, and I will read
it to the Senate:
War Department,
Washington City, D. C., June 27, 1862.
Sir: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge
the receipt of your letter of tins date, inclosing a " joint reso-
lution in relation to conti acts with the United States," now
pending in the Senate, and inquuing whether the passage
theieot u will interfere with the operations of ihe War De-
partment, or be in anyway prejudicial to the public sci vice."
In reply to this mquny I am further directed to sav, that
the effect of the resolution, it adopted, will not merely be
altogether unobjectionable, but that it will, in the opinion
of the Secretary, affirmatively and largely contribute to the
economical administration oi tins Department and gener-
ally to the advancement ot the public welfare.
I have the honor to be, very lespectfullv, your obedient
servant, c. P. WOLCOTT,
Assistant Secretary of War.
Hon. John P. Hale, Senate.
The jointresolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up Senate joint resolution No. 76,
relating to the compensation of Senators elected
or appointed to fill vacancies.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Itprovides that in all cases of a vacancy
in either House of Congress, by death or other-
wise, of any member elected or appointed thereto
after the commencement of the Congress to which
heshall have been elected,each person afterwards
elected or appointed to fill such vacancy shall be
