1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
old, but I hope not altogether trite maxim, that
" everybody knows more than-anybody;" and,
sir, I never yet saw the occasion when this House
had the opportunity to discuss and examine with
deliberation a question, that it has not come to a
proper and usually satisfactory conclusion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I agree with the gentle-
man from New York in that remark. Let me ask
the gentleman a question. Has the United States
the power to repeal the law of nations upon the
high seas on any question? It has been decided
that the law of nations protects that description
of property upon the high seas, where it is held
as property by any State or nation.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask a question of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I cannot yield the floor
to the gentleman, as it is occupied by the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know what the
law is.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman knows
what it is very well, and he need not ask me.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know when a ves-
sel sails from this or any other country upon the
high seas, whether the law of nations interferes
with the law of the country from which it sails?
Is not the vessel the soil of the United States, and
do not the laws of the United States govern it?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope that I will be per-
mitted to answer the question. What has been
adjudicated as the law of nations must be taken
as the law of nations. A vessel of the United
States upon the high seas, with slaves on board,
is protected by the law of nations, and those slaves
cannot be liberated by the laws of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. That ia the Sommersett case.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir. Itwasthfccase
of the United States against England, and not the
Sommersett case.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to state a single case
on this point which occurred in Louisiana, where
a slave was taken by his pretended owner to
France, and in a suit for his freedom on his re-
turn, the State court of Louisiana decided that he
was free, upon the ground that whenever a man
voluntarily took his slave beyond the jurisdiction
of the local law he emancipated him, for that is
the law of nations, and that when he was free he
could not be reenslaved.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What law of nations do
you cite?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The law of nations is against
the whole thing. It makes it piracy, and a man
was hung in New York for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. My friend from Illinois [Mr. Love-
jot] is manifestly belter posted in Mosaic law than
he is in civil law. I do not think that lie states
the case quite accurately. As I understand that
case, the decision would be held good law by the
most approved Republican commentators, though
some of the courts have somewhat departed from
it in these latter days. The important distinction
the gentleman has lost sight  f in his statement of
the case is this, that the slave was voluntarily
taken within ajurisdiction where slavery waspro-
lubited by law, and that was the reason the court
declared that the slave was entitled to his freedom.
There is a distinction between that case and the
case where a person is taken upon the high seas.
The gentleman will find it nowhere decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States, or by the
supreme court of any State, that a slave who has
been voluntarily taken by his masterupon thehigh
seas is thereby free.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, Mr. Speaker, I have
to state that there are decisions without number
of the State courts, both in slave and free States,
where the doctrine which I stated has been affirmed,
namely, that when a slave owner voluntarily takes
his slave beyond the jurisdiction of the law under
which he holds him as a slave, he emancipates
him, not because slavery is prohibited, but simply
because he takes him from under the operation of
that local or municipal law by which alone he is
made a slave. It does not need any act emancipa-
ting him, for the moment he gets beyond the pur-
view of the local law that makes him a slave his
natural rights return to him by the operation of
natural law. I state the case precisely as it is.
And in regard to the high seas, if we prohibit sla-
veiy theie, this very condition of thingswill exist
there which the gentleman says would liberate
slaves, after we have passed this law. That is
just what we propose to do. But even if there
were no law prohibiting slavery there, the courts
have uniformly decided that when a slave-owner
takes his slave either in a vessel or in his carriage,
or no matter how, of his own free will, beyond
the operation of the local law which enslaves the
slave, he is free. And although the gentleman
thinks that I am a little more familiar with the
Mosaic law than with other law, he is mistaken,
for I have had good deal of experience upon this
very point. I was freed from a fine that wis at-
tempted to be imposed upon me in the State of
Illinois, on a charge of helping a fugitive slave la
escape, on the decision of the court that the mas-
ter had voluntarily brought the slave into the State,
and, therefore, that he was free. Now, I think
the gentleman is a little more familiar with witti-
cism than he is with argument, as he thinks I
am more familiar with the Mosaic law than with
the law of the land. But I state law just as it was
decided.
Mr. OLIN. I have 1 istened patiently to my friend
from Illinois—as I always hope to do—and I com-
mence by repeating what I said before, that the
gentleman has entirely misapprehended the legal
point upon which the decision referred to by him
was made. Now, let me state it. He says that
it was upon the principle that the moment the
master removes his slave from the local jurisdic-
tion by virtue of which he held him as a slave the
slave is free. If that were so, ifa slave was moved
from Kentucky into Tennessee, or any other slave
State, he would be free. What reason is there
why he would not be? He is held by virtue of
the laws of Kentucky as a slave, and the master's
right is protected there. But when his master
takes him beyond the limits of that State, he does
not hold him by virtue of the municipal law of
the State into which he takes him at all. He holds
him simply because the State into which he takes
him does not prohibit the institution of slavery,
but throws around it the shield of its protection;
and, therefore, he can hold his slave as a slave
there. It is not so in the free States. There we
prohibit slavery, and we only afford it protection
under one condition, and that is, that when a slave
escapes from his master, then we undertake to sur-
render him up.
Now, I repeat again that the gentleman cannot
find an adjudicated case in any court above the
grade of a justice of the peace, in which it has
been held that wherp a slave has been taken be-
yond the local jurisdiction into anyplace on God's
earth where slavery is not prohibited, his master,
by taking him there, liberated him and discharged
him from his obligation of service.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As I understand,.slavery is
not prohibited in France. " ?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, it is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Slavery is not prohibited in
England.
Mr. OLIN. Yes, it is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Not by any positive statute
law. •
Mr. OLIN. Certainly. There is not only a
positive enactment against it, but it was declared
prohibited by virtue of the common law more than
seventy years ago.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is the comm«n law
everywhere.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no; there is no common law
everywhere.
Mr. BINGHAM. Where it is not interrupted
by the local law.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment, tljatlmay make a statement
in regard to the Louisiana case.
Mr. OLIN. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. That case was decided upon
the express ground that the slave, having been
taken by the master beyond the jurisdiction ofthe
local law, thereby became free; not because he
was taken into a country where slavery was pro-
hibited, but because he was taken beyond the
jurisdiction of the local law. That was precisely
the point in the case.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I have been some-
what familiar with the decisions of the courts upon
this subject; and yet 1 hear from a gentlerpan on
my right that I have misstated the principle, and
that the courts of Kentucky have repeatedly de-
cided that where a slave is taken voluntarily
beyond the-jurisdiction of the State and into a free
State, he, by that act, is made free.  Well, sir, I
so understand the law, and I so stated it. There
is no dispute about that. Why has it been so
decided ? Because slavery is prohibited in the free
States, and the moment the master "voluntarily
takes his slave into a free State, the slave becomes,
of course, free.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to say a word.
Mr. OLIN. Very well; but the House will see
that from these frequent interruptions" I have no
time to discuss a question or even to state a prin-
ciple.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to insist just here tliat
I have stated the law correctly.
Mr. OLIN. Well, you have asserted that over
half a dozen times.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But still you will not admit'
the correctness of it.
Mr. OLIN. Of course I do not; and will it
alter the case by your repeated assertions ?
Mr. LOyEJOY. I want to affirm it as often
as it is denied. I insist that no decision which
liberated a slave under these circumstances has
ever been based upon the ground that slavery was
prohibited where the slave was taken to, but upon
the ground that he had been taken beyond tha
jurisdiction of the local law under which he was
held.
Mr. STEVENS. May I interpose merely to
end this affirmation and denial?
Mr. OLIN. I have not been much helped by
these constant interruptions.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman from
New York has been misunderstood and perhaps
misunderstands himself. The gentleman says
that the slave, in order to be freed in this manner,
must be taken into a State where slavery is pro-
hibited. I beg the gentleman will consider whether
he does not mean that the slave is free whenever
he is taken into a State where slavery is not per-
mitted. Is not that the distinction?
Mr. OLIN. I have been drawn aside from my
main purpose in engaging in this discussion. I
have stated the principle which I suppose to be
involved in this bill. I do not know that I have
made my objections intelligible. If the House
thinks it wise to adopt a measure of this kind at
this time, very well; I probably shall not dissent
from it.
I rose for the purpose of calling attention to some
provisions of the bill very briefly, but more espe-
cially to protest, so far as I am able, against this
mode of conducting the business of this House.
I was about to remark some time ago that the
House has already had one or two lessons this
session that might admonish it that it is prudent
to wait a moment or two, at least, and examine
the questions that are presented for its action,
instead of ordering the previous question upon
measures without a word of debate and with
scarccly a moment's consideration.
After we have passed resolutions in the name of
the Congress of the United States, thanking gen-
erals for winning victories who were not within
a dozen miles of the battle-field, and promoting
others to the highestgrade in the service for good
conduct when it was quite probable they deserved
to be dismissed from the service, it is about time
to pause and consider questions of this description
with a little attention, and look a little into the
tendency of measures brought before the House.
Mr. ASHLEY. As the gentleman is readinga
lecture to the House, I desire to say to him that
the gentleifian from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] stated
distinctly that if any gentleman desired to discuss
the question, he would not call the previous ques-
tion, but would leave it open to debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I said I would leave it to the
House to decide, and the House decided in favor
of discussion.
Mr. OLIN. I may be permitted to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, who has so kindly admon-
ished me that I am lecturing the House, and who
says that the gentleman from Illinois said that if
anybody desired to diseuss this bill he was will-
ing to listen to that discussion, that he is wholly
mistaken. He put it,as 1 understood him, on the
express ground that if the majority of the House
chose to vote against one of its own friends, and
refuse to second the pre\ious question, then the
House would have an opportunity of discussingit.
Now, I do not like to be placed in that position;
for I have a great regard for my friend from Illi-
nois, and I like to follow after him, although I do
so " with unequal step."
