1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108t
hope the House will not repudiate that under-
standing. I now move the previous question.
The previous question was*seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Edgerton
was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it wasaccord-
in°*ly read the third time.
Mr. DUNN. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McPHERSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Delano and
Ashley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the unanimous consent of the House—and I pre-
sume there will be no objection—that eight thou-
sand of the ten thousand extra copies of the tax
bill, which have been ordered to be printed, be
printed in pamphlet form instead of in the ordi-
nary bill form. It will be much less expense to
the Government; and they will be more conven-
ient for distribution in that form.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported back the
amendments of the Senate to bill of the House
No. 208, making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th of June, 1662.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that the
amendments may be considered in the House now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think they had better be
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The rule requiring it is a
very wise one; and I think we had better adhere
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will not object to their being
considered in the House at this time. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a non-con-
currence in most of them.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I dislike to disoblige my
colleague upon the committee, I wiH withdraw the
objection for this once; but I give him notice that
I will make it hereafter, if nobody else does.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Senate amendments will be considered in the House
at this time.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
that the bill and amendments be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Vermont. I move to close
debate upon the amendments in one minute after
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall proceed to consider them.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 37) in gelation to certain rail-
roads m the State ofMissouri;anda joint resolution
(S. No. 46) declaratory of the intent and meaning
of a certain act therein named; when the Speaker
signed the same.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Wholeon the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whale on the state of the Union, (Mr. Kel-
logg, of Illinois, in the chair,),and proceeded to
the consideration of the amendments of the Senate
to the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Page 1, line twenty-two, strike out the words "give any
more mileage Ihan is allowed by existing law," and insert
in lieu thereof, "include more tiian two mileages for the
present Congic s so that the clause will read :
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $240,430:
Provided, That the second mileage due by law shall be paid
at the piesent session as soon as"certified by the Presiding
Officers of the Senate and IIou*?: Jlnd provided furtherf
That the foiegoing proviso shall not be construed to include
more than two mileages for the present Congress.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt, and
Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 3,sit tkc outlines eighteen and nineteen, as follows;
Foi binding document-? and purchase of blank-books,
$2,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out " to pay John C. Rives for printing five hun-
dred copies of the Diplomatic Correspondence of the Uni-
ted States, from 1776 to 1783, for the State Department,
$15,000." and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For printing the Congies«ional Globe and Appendix^
which are heicafter to be bound under the t.upeivision of
tiie Superintendent of Public Printing, according to the pro-
visions of .section live of the "joint lefrolution in relation
to the public punting." appioved June 30, I860, $ltf,U0U.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the u«-ual additional compensation to the reporters of
the Senate for the Congressional Globe for reporting the
proceedings of the Senate for the second regular session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, §800 each, $4,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For binding documents, including the Congressional
Globe, , i.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Insert as follows:
Fot ios^es on drafts of consuls, marshals of the United
State*, consular courts, and miei preters>, for the peiiod end-
ing June 30, 1863, $10,000.
For lent of piison, wages of keepeis of the same, and
caie of ort'endeis, at Amoy, from July i, 1660, to June 30,
1861, in pursuance of tiie provisions of tlie act approved
July 2, i860, ,$853 27.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move a pro forma amend-
ment. I presume that the last item is correct.
At least I know nothing to the contrary. The
appropriation of $10,000 I understand to be sim-
ply to meet any expenses that may be incurred
by our representatives abroad. This is in addi-
tion to the ordinary compensation, to pay for any
losses that our foreign representatives may sus-
tain by reason of discount charged on drafts of
the Government on London, or other points. I
desire to be informed by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether that is
not the fact? It seems to me that there is no rea-
son why we should give this additional bonus to
our foreign representatives. They are very well
paid. Every officer of the Government is subject
to similar deductions in consequence of exchange.
Unless this be the establisht-d policy of the Gov-
ernment authorized by existing law, it does seem
to me that this appropriation .should not be made.
Considering the services required of them,1 think
that our foreign representatives are better paid
: than any other class of persons in the employment
j of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. If the gentleman
{ from Indiana had examined the precedents, he
I would have found that it is and has been the j>ol-
| icy of the Government ever since its foundation
to pay the differences in exchange between this
country and other countries where our ministers
are stationed. The difference in exchange be-
tween here and England is something, but it is
not so much as the difference in exchange between
here and Turkey, China, or the Sandwich Islands;
and if the ministers in those countries aFe not al-
lowed this loss in exchange they would find their
salaries very seriously diminished.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire further on
this point, whether so large a sum'as $10*000 has
been ordinarily appropriated for this purpose, .or
whether it has not generally been a much smaller
sum?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman frorn
Vermont will be permitted to answer the ques-
tion. ^
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course there
will be no more of this sum used than is abso-
lutely necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. But are we not appropriating
more than is usual ?
Mi. MORRILL, of Vermont. About the usual
amount, I believe.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, and it was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out "$2,200," and insert in lieu thereof" $1,500;"
so that the clause will read:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office furniture, car-
peting, two nevvspapeis, preserving files and papers, bounty
land tseiviee, and miscellaneous items, $1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out thewoid '• recorder," so that the clause in
which It occur* will road as follows:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and the draughtsman, assistant draughtsman,
clerks, ine&sengeis, assistant messengers, packers, watch-
men, aiui laboiers in his oifiec, $175,440.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out " $175,440," in the above clause, and insert
in lieu thereof $173,440."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. It was proposed
by the Senate to strike out the word " recorder;"
but the Committee of Ways and Means was sat-
isfied that a recorder is indispensable in the office.
The subsequent amendments proposed by the Sen-
ate are merely to reduce the amount so as to cor-
respond with that.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Add the following to the foregoing clause:
And the duty ofeouuteisigmng patents,and other duties
required by existing laws, of tiie recorder, shall be per-
formed by the ?aid Commissioner.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
After the woid dollars insert "Provided, That th<  said
documents shall be sent to such libraries and public institu-
tions only as shall signify a willingness to pay the cost of
the transportation of the same;" so that the clause will read:
For expenses of packing and distributing congressional
journals and documents, in pursuance of the provisions
contained in the joint resolution ofCongrefeS, appioved JJtU
January, 1857, and act 5th February, 1859, $6,000: Pro-
tided, &.c.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
TwelfUi amendment:
Strike out the. following :
For compensation of surveyor goneial of Illinois and
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. BLAlll, of Missouri. I move a proforma
amendment, fur the purpose of saying that the
appropriation proposed to be struck out is for a
deficiency. It is recommended both by the Interior
Department and by this House. The service
which it proposes to pay for is already performed.
