66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
which was manifest in every word and act, as to
his wonderful powers of oratory, for the ascend-
ency he secured wherever he sought it. Preju-
dice melted in the sunlight of his smile. As im-
agination followed his bold flights through poetic
realms, or reason labored to master his rapid de-
ductions, his audiences would sway with admira-
tion; and then, changing to deepest pathos—a
pathos beyond affectation—thatcould spring only
from a heart in sympathy with all that is good
and gentle and true, he would move his listeners
to tendernessandtrust, opening his heart of hearts
to their gaze, and captivating their affections by
aglancc into the riches of a nature so sympathetic
that he bound them to his cause by very love of
its advocate.
Mr. Speaker, we of California have not to-day
the privilege of remembering the dead Senator as
honored by us with his seat in the highest coun-
cil of the nation. We have not the grateful recol-
lection that the honor which he shed upon the
Pacific-States by his brief but splendid earner in
the Senate, is the peculiar treasure of our State.
But California will ever claim and cherish the
memory of Edward D. Baker as one of her
brightest jewels. Our State was the object of his
earnest love—the theater of many of his highest
achievements. He was familiar with our skies
and mountains, our streams and forests, our cities
and homes. Ho loved our people, and they loved
him with fervent idolatry. Their hearts bled in
anguish when the lightning flashed the dismal
intelligence of his untimely fate; and even now
his ashes are borne over the waves to rest in the
soil he loved, by the side of that other slain Sen-
ator, in the shadow of the Lone Mountain. In
his own magnificent phrase, " As in life, no other
voice among us so rang its trumpet blast upon the
ear of freemen, so in death its echoes will rever-
berate amidst our mountains and our valleys until
truth and valor cease to appeal to the human
heart," I but inadequately speak the emotions
of the people of my State, as I seek in feeble
words to do honor to his memory. I would this
tribute were worthier, that I could hang a garland j
upon his tomb worthy of his illustrious shade. J
But the future will be just to his fame. When '
history makes record of the heroic deeds done in
this holy war, the name of Edward D. Baker
will inspire to sublimest praise, and his memory
be preserved from age to age like the sacred fire
upon Vesta's altar. For myself E desire no higher
motive for my public acts than inspired his glori-
ous patriotism, his undying love of freedom. And,
sir, I trust that the declaration of his truthful lips,
made a little over one year ago, and which I shall
quote—a declaration made in bitter mortification,
in contemplation of the spectacle we presented
to the civilized world, may have lost its truth
and meaning by means of the national regenera-
tion this war is producing:
" Here, [said he] In a land of written constitutional lib-
erty, it is reserved for us to teach the world that under the
American stars and stripes, slavery marches in solemn pro-
cession; that under the American flag, slavery it. protected
to the utmost verge of acquired territory; that under the
American banner, the name of freedom is to be faintly
heard, the songs of freedom faintly sung; that while Gari-
baldi, Victor Emanuel, every great and good man m the
world strives, struggles, fights, prays, suffeis, and dies,
sometimes on the scaffold, sometimes in the dungeon, often j
on the fiold of battle, rendered imrnoital by his blood and
his valoi ; that while this triumphal procession marches
on through the arches of freedom—we, in this land of all
the world, slmnk back trembling when freedom is but
mentioned."
Sir, the spell is broken. Wc dare to be free.
The traditions of our race sadly teach that free-
dom is only bought with blood; and noble blood
has been shed to emancipate us from the domina-
tion of that despotism which has fettered liberty
and corrupted conscience. It seems a fearful i
price to pay when our Lyons and Bakers and '
Winthrops and Ellsworths are cut down in the
glory of useful manhood. But the nation is being i
educated in heroism, and we are giving to the j
future holy names and memories and examples, :
inestimable gifts that will be cherished by our i
children's children as their richest inheritance, j
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, my personal j
acquaintance with Senator Bakf.r was of recent !
date. It commenced about the time of the inau- j
juration of President Lincoln. But under the !
influence of his graceful and genial manners and !
confiding nature it soon ripened into mutual friend- '
ship, attested, 011 his part, by acts gratefully re-
ceived and now sacredly remembered by a n'umber
of my young constituents, who desired to prove
their patriotism by following him when he should
lead a column 'mid the " sheeted fire and flame"
of some second Cerro Gordo.
He was a fascinating companion; and I know
not which most to admire, the heartiness, ease,
and grace of his social intercourse, or his power
as a thinker, orator, and leader of men. Who
that has seen his eye flash as his voice swayed
the Senate or the assembled multitude of eager
listeners, shall forget its fire? Or who, that has
heard him quietly relate some mirtli-moving in-
cident, will forget the genial light with which it
illuminated his sweet smile? Alas! that it should
have closed in death while the blood of vigorous
manhood poured from his many wounds!
But, Mr. Speaker, sorrow as we may with those
whom he so tenderly loved; grieve as we may for
our country, to whose welfare and glory his life
was so unsparingly devoted, let us not mourn his
death, for in it a well-spent life was fitly rounded.
The enduring monuments of a nation are the
stories of its men, which, if those were truly
great, illuminate the future while they exemplify
the past; and when Edward Dickinson Baker
died, another name was indelibly graven on the
i m perishable rolls of American orators, statesmen,
and soldiers.
He was not a native of the city which I have
the honor, in part, to represent. The people of
Philadelphia knew that he was born in England;
that he came to manhood in Illinois, and, as a
colonel from that State, bore the unsullied fla£ of
our country from Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico;
that it was as a citizen of distant California lie had
thrilled the heart of a great and wide-spread peo-
ple by the utterance of his indignant soirow over
the body of the murdered Brodcrick; and that it
was as Senator from more distant Oregon he had
hurled from the " Tarpeian rock" the Cain-like
son of Kentucky, who, impelled by ambition law-
less as that of Lucifer, prated of the sanctity of
the Constitution, that, by the arts of Judns,he
might betray a confiding people; yet they loved
him as one of themselves.
His early youth was passed in Philadelphia.
Many of his relatives still reside there; and he
always loved the city in which his father—yet
kindly remembered by many—essayed to main-
tain his family by the labors of a teacher, and in
which he fiistfolt the quenchless flame of honor-
able ambition; and, after having publicly dedi-
cated himself " to fight for country, homo, law,
Government, Constitution, right, freedom, and
humanity," he came thither to enlist a regiment,
to follow him to victory or the grave, in so grand
a cause. He came to raise one thousand men.
The announcement of his name and purpose was
magical as the summons of Roderick Dhu. More
offered than could be accepted.
" From the giay she, whose trembling hand
Could haidly buckle on his brand,
To the raw boy, whose shaft and bow
Were yet scaice teiror to the crow ;
Till at the rendezvous they stood
By hundreds, prompt for blows and blood."
And when his so-called California regiment left
its place of rendezvous, it embraced three battal-
ions and mustered over fourteen hundred of the
flower and pride of Philadelphia. The day 011
which they passed through our city to encamp in
a neighboring park was a gala day. I saw them
as they passed along one of our principal thor-
oughfares; the music to which they marched was
the plaudits of dear kindred, friends, and neigh-
bors. It was a goodly sight to look upon. Beside
the acute lawyer, experienced legislator, glow-
ing orator, and tried soldier, Colonel Baker—
whose name the fondest and proudest hopes of the
city garlanded—rode the brave and accomplished
young GluakerWistar, upon whom, with theaffec-
tion of a father, he relied with such well-placed
confidence as his " good right arm." And in the
column that followed was as grand an embodi-
ment of character, culture, courage, and loyalty
as ever regimental officer commanded. No holi-
day or hireling soldiers were they; but men with
tender ties, bright prospects, and noble aspira-
tions—men who knew what pcace and free'dom
are, and how worthless life would be without
them. How dauntless was their courage, how
perfect their devotion to chief and cause, Massa-
chusetts and New York will tell when they write
the story of their sons whose conduct on that ill-
chosen field invests with a radiant halo the doubts
and disasters of Ball's Bluff.
When his regiment had been in the field a short
time, the Government offered Colonel Baker a
general's commission, which he refused to re-
ceive; but while he gracefully declined the rank
and pay, he accepted the labors and responsibil-
ites of the station. About that time the business
of recruiting seemed to flag, and with character-
istic energy he undertook the labor of enlisting
the additional regiments required to complete his
brigade. Again he came to Philadelphia. Colo-
nels Baxter,Owens,and Moorlieadhavingserved
three months, and been honorably mustered out of
service, had each gathered about him the nucleus
of a regimentfor the war. He sa^v and conferred
with them. Moorhead, like Wistar, had known
him, as youth knows a gallant leader, " when
pursuing honor on the distant fields of Mexico."
Baxter, one of their number, was appealing to
our firemen to encounter on a new field the toil
and danger with which they are so familiar; and
in Owen he found an intelligent and educated rep-
resentative of the courage and enthusiasm of the
Irish-American people. He authorized them to
announce their regiments as part of his brigade,
and thus again disclosed the magical power of
his name; for however tardily recruiting had gone
on before, men now rallied around the standard
of those officers more rapidly than the Govern-
ment could arm and equip them; and in a few
days an exultant people cheered the departure of
the last of them for the embattled field.
The qualities which gave Colonel Baker so
controlling an influence among men seem to me to
have been his frankness, his fidelity, and that
great-hearted humanity which interested him in
whatever concerned the rights,comfort, orwelfare
of those about him. In him my young townsmen
declare they found not only the soldier's first
need—discipline and guidance—but also a patient
listener, wise counselor, and sympathetic friend.
His career illustrates the beneficence of our
institutions. Neither the poverty of his child-
hood, nor the fact of his foreign birth depressed
him. And as his restless energy bore him west-
ward from the Atlantic even to the Pacific coast,
he found under the Constitution of our country
legitimate scope for all his activities. It is not
generally known that with his varied powers he
also possessed a fine poetic gift. It was, however,
well known to his intimate friends; and I have
sometimes thought that though under other Gov-
ernments, or in other times, he might not have
been known as an orator, statesman, or soldier,
he would still have achieved lasting fame. The
man who could close the rhythmical expression of
an exquisite poetic fancy with the exclamation—
"It were vain to ask as thou rollest afar,
Of banner or mariner, ship or star;
It were vain to seek in thy stormy face
Some tale of the sorrowful past to* trace.
Thou art swelling high, thou art flashing free,
How vain are the questions we ask of thee!
" I too am a wave on a stormy sea ;
I too am a wandeicr, dnven like thee;
I too am seeking a distant land
To be lost and gone ere I reach the strand;
For the land I seek is a waveless shore,
And they who onee reach it shall wander no more"—
the man, I say, who, with Colonel Baker's love
of right and large human sympathy, could give
such expression to his fancy, might not have
attained political power under institutions afford-
ing less scope to his activity, but would probably
have shone in literature, and enrolled his name
with those of Korner, Schiller, and Burns.
Mr. Speaker, our sympathy will not reanimate
the moldering remains of our departed friend;
but let us see to it that wc realize the hope in
which he rejoiced: "That the banner of our coun-
try may advance, and wheresoever that banner
waves, there glory may pursue and freedom be
established."
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, the nation mourns
her dead, not as in the peace-time, when one of
her kingly ones went from a rounded and perfect
career, leaving our sky brightened with his pas-
sage,and glittering with the new stars his hand had
set in it. Then indeed she mourned, but it was
with a proud and satisfied sorrow, as she inutnod
his ashes in her bosom and transferred his glory
to her diadem, made brighter by the tears with
which she embalmed it. Now we feel asif a strong
