THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG-EESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 13, 18C2.
New Series.....No. 129.
it is a good or a bad institution. Admit, for the
sake of argument, that it is as bad as gentlemen
upon the other side of the House think it to be;
aclmit that it is even worse than they have declared
it to be, you have pledged yourselves before the
world that the people of each State shall enjoy the
rig-lit of deciding for themselves whether they will
have slavery or not. 1 ask you to stand by your
pledge. It is unnecessary for you to tell me that
slavery is wrong. That is a question solely within
the jurisdiction of the States, and you have no
right to examine and judge for thwn whether it is
right or wrong. The Constitution prohibits you
from entering upon the soil of a State and pro-
nouncing judgment upon the excellence or want
of excellence of an institution which that State
sees fit to establish for itself.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what must be the conse-
quence of the passage of this bill? You may talk
about loyalty and disloyalty, but I tell you that
whenever, in any quarter, you touch property of
the value of slave property of this country, you
create trouble; when you come to talk about de-
priving a man of Ins property, whatever may be
its nature, it will affect his character and conduct
and his relations to you. What is government
for but to protect life, liberty, and property? And
when you strike at this property, which you have
no right to touch, can you expect your brethren,
of the same descent as yourselves, Anglo-Saxons
like yourselves, will tamely submit to be robbed
without a murmur? Do you expect them to make
no struggle for their rights ? Do you expect them
to stand by and patiently allow themselves to be
deprived of the rights and privileges which the
Constitution guaranties to them? If you take from
us to-day our right to hold slaves, in face of your
own declaration, and in face of the Constitution
which you have solemnly sworn to support, how
long will it be before you will take from us some
other constitutional right, even more valuable
than that? Are constitutional guarantees noth-
ing? Are solemn pledges nothing? Sir, I denounce
this bill as a palpable violation of the rights of
States, and an unwarrantable interference with
the rights of private property. I denounce it as
a fraud upon the States which have made cessions
of land to this Government, a violation of the
Constitution, and a breach of the pledges which
brought the dominant party into power. 1 de-
nounce it as an usurpation and a tyrannical ex-
ercise of power, destructive of the peace of the
country. Sir, I denounce it in this House, and to
the American people. I denounce it before the
civilized world. I declare that those who seek to
accomplish the great wrong this bill perpetrates,
seek the ruin of all constitutional government on
this continent, and are the foes of regulated liberty
everywhere.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Ciusfxeld,] who has just
taken his seat, asks whether we believe the people
of fifteen States will stand such legislation. Sir,
if the Union is to stand, if the Constitution is to be
the supreme law of the land, the people of fifteen
States, and of thirty-four States, will stand such
and all other legislation until it can be tested be-
fore the Supreme Courtof the United States; and
if sustained as constitutional law by that court,
the people of all the States will be made to stand
it by the power that is now crushing out the great
rebellion that was to have overthrown the Consti-
tution and put the advancing civilization of the
age on the countermarch towards barbarism.
The time of settling what legislation the people
will stand by trial of arms is about drawing to a
close, and with it that line of argument which has
been used here for the last thirty years to fughten
doughfaces should, in my judgment, disappear
from this Hall. I voted against laying this biil
upon the table, also against the demand for the
previous question. I neither wished to avoid the
issue it tenders nor force the bill through with undue
haste. It is an important bill, and contains pro-
visions of great importance to the country and of
special import to the people of the States to which
it more peculiarly applies. I felt, therefore, that it
129
should be discussed deliberately and thoroughly,
that gentlemen might vote on it under conscientious
and enlightened conviction, but do not think it
should be disposed of under the influence of threats
that certain people will not stand it.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States, as I
understand it, does not involve the power to create
slavery anywhere, nor to abolish it in any State;
the doctrine taught me by the founders of the Re-
public—they who framed our institutions and gave
us our early laws, and who administered them
so wisely as to furnish precedents for which all
good and just men are grateful—is thatslavery is a
local institution, belonging to the State and under
the supreme control of the people of the State;
but, that as to territory it is otherwise. Article
four of the Constitution gives express power to
Congress—
"To dispose of and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the Terntoues and other ptoperty belong-
ing to the United States."
The precedents and precepts of the fathers are
uniform to the point that if we acquire territory
of which freedom is the law at the time of the
acquisition, Congress cannot, nor can the people
of the Territory while it continues in a territorial
condition, establish slavery therein. To this doc-
trine there is no single exceptional precedent.
But to the converse of the rule there are excep-
tions. They, perhaps, serve only to illustrate the
general rule. The case I now remember is that of
the Territory of Orleans, to be found in the Stat-
utes at Large for 1803-4, if my memory is accu-
rate. But, as I was saying, the rule is that where
slavery is the law of territory when we acquire it,
Congress may not abolish it; but it shall be left
to the people of the Territory, not as citizens of
the Territory, but when they come to frame a
State governmenttodecidefor themselves whether
slavery shall be continued in such State, or abol-
ished. Such I understand to have been the un-
questioned law of the land till 1847, or thereabouts;
and under the administration of that law our coun-
try enjoyed peace and a measure of prosperity
unexampled in the history of nations. And, sir,
the disturbance which has been the banc of the
country for the last fifteen years, and has at length
culminated in rebellion, had its origin, not in ab-
olition agitation, but in a system of unholy agita-
tion for the overthrow of these well-settled and
beneficent principles of constitutional law.
I adhere to-day to these doctrines. To defend
them I abandoned the quiet and dignified duties
in which I was engaged. My love of them brought
me into the excitement of congressional life, and
they will guide me .safely through. Mr. Speaker,
a new question on which my judgment is not yet
well settled has been forced upon our consider-
ation by the people of the South. It is, whether
State rebellion is not State suicide. It is not clear
to my mind that when the sovereign people of a
State have, in convention assembled, solemnly
proclaimed not only their want of fidelity, but
their actual hostility to the Constitution; sup-
pressed the couits of the United States, closed its
custom-houses and post offices, and seized its
forts, aisenals, navy-yards, &c.; established a
system of laws independent of, and unknown to,
our Government, and by force of arms removed
from their tenitory every insignia of its power;
whether, under these circumstances, the State
government has not been so completely destroyed
that we should look upon the land it embraced as
territory over which the power of the United States
extends, I am not prepared to say; and until I come
to a more definite conclusion on this question, I
am willing to act upon the principle that we can-
not interfere with slavery in the several States as
we have known them.
But does that prevent us from legislating ovei
land ceded to us by any one of those States, and
over which, by the express terms of the Consti-
tution of the United States, Congress has exclu-
sive jurisdiction ? I do not see that the two ques-
tions are at all connected. And I understand that
this bill addresses itself only to those portions oi
the States over which the United States is given
exclusive jurisdiction by sectioi^eight of article
one of the'Constitution:
Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legis-
lation, m all cases whatsoever, over such district (not ex-
ceeding ten miles square) as may by cession of particular
States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of
Government of the United States, and to exercise lifce au-
thority over all places purchased by the consent of the Le-
gislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings."
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH I rise to a question of
order. Yesterday and to-day were set apart for
the consideration of territorial business. The
people of the Territory which I have the honor
to represent are interested in several of the bills
which have been reported. They are and have
been suffering for the want of necessary legisla-
tion on the part of this House. I have been .wait*
ing patiently for these bills to be taken up and
actcd on, but I find that until this very moment
they are kept out of the way by discussions of
propositions in reference to the " irrepressible
nigger.''
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is himself
out of order. He will state his point of order.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. My point of order
is, that these discussions in reference to slavery
are not in order on this day, which is set apart
for the consideration of territorial business. This
discussion of the nigger has nothing to do with
the Territories. Certainly it ought not to be per-
mitted to the prejudice of the people of my Ter-
ritory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will make a
brief statement. Since I made a remark some
time a£o, I have received a communication from
a gentleman who is well informed on the subject,
I will road what he says:
"Dear Sir: You are right in regard to the repeal by
military authority of the fugitive slave law in the District
of Columbia. Theie arc eight hundred ;>iave>> from Mary-
land now. Militaiy authority arrests and detains those who
attempt to recover tiiem. Wise and Kimball, two police
officers so attempting, were arrested, and after being de-
tamed three weeks, were leleased without explanation."
This is what we get from the military authority
here.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman's remarks and
the communication he has thrust upon the House
arc alike irrelevant to my subject and the argument
by which I am endeavoring to illustrate it. But,
wanting as they are in pertinence, I will be glad,
when I shall have finished, to hear the name of the
author of the anonymous communication. The
announcement will hardly add much to its value,
if, indeed, it have any.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the question is whether,
having the exclusive jurisdiction over the places
enumeiated in the bill, w<* shall prohibit slavery
there. To do so is, as I have shown, clearly
within our constitutional power, and I believe it
to be required by the bestinterests of the country.
I believe that the immediate passage of this law
will secure future peace by excluding discussions
of this subject from Congress when our flag shall
again float over every inch of our territory, and
the subdued and chastened, if not subjugated peo-
ple of the lebelhous States shall iiave Represent-
atives upon this floor.
What is this institution of slavery that it should
claim our special regard and care? How has it
blessed us, and what measure of gratitude do we
owe it? Sir, it is saturating every acre of southern
land with the best blood of the North. It is filling
our villages and towns with widows and orphans.
The names of the marshes and bai ren fields of the
slave States are sanctified to tens of thousands
of northern mothers and wives as the placcs of
the rude burial of the torn and mangled remains
of their loved ones. Tens of thousands of those
who,approaching manhood, were warmed bygen-
erous hope and just ambition, and upon whom
widowed mothers or aged fathers hoped to lean
in their declining years, will move through our
streets the mutilated victims of the system of sla-
