THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JULY ], 1862.
New Series No. 189.
portant upon the question of the right of legal au-
thority. A mere sudden uprising of portions of a
nation, a temporary occupancy of a country, or
parts of it, by insurgents, or an absolute military
possession of it upon sudden revolt, is not under-
stood to confer any rights as against the estab-
lished Government or its citizens. The conclusion
arrived at is, that all claims for prizes or salvage,
on " vessels of citizens retaken from the rebels"
by public vessels of the United States, or of ves-
sels acting under authority thereof, and detention
of such vessels, is unauthorized; that the question
presented by the resolution and accompanyingpa-
pers is one exclusively for the political depaitment
of the Government, and not aware of any provis-
ion of law applicable to the case, the committee
submitted the bill under consideration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. On the passage of the bill I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I cannot help
regarding this bill, no matter how favorable a
gloss may be put upon it by the Committee on
Commerce or any of its members or by its report,
as an attempt at one fell swoop to take away from
all our naval officers and seamen the prizes that
they have captured or may capture during this
war. I apprehend that there is not a single ves-
sel that has been captured or that will be captured
that there will not be found some man in some
one of the loyal States who will claim an interest
in some degree in that vessel, and if so, under the
provisions of this bill, if I understand itcorrcctly,
that vessel will not be subject to either prize or
salvage. Take any of the cases of the lines of
steamers that formerly ran between Savannah and
Charleston and New York. If those vessels were
captured in Charleston and converted into war
steamers, or if they were converted on the high
seas, and were afterwards captured by any of the
armed vessels belonging to the United States,
under the provisions of this bill the person who
claimed either the whole or a partial interest in
those vessels, residing in the city of New York
or in any loyal State, would be permitted to come
in and reclaim the vessel, and take it out of the
hands of our naval officers and seamen who had
captured it, although it was being used at the time
of the capture by the enemy for belligerent pur-
poses against us and against our flag.
Sir, I protest against the passage of such a bill
as that. To decide questions of this kind there is
a proper tribunal. If a person residing in any of
our northern cities has a bona fide legal title to a
vessel or a part interest in her, the moment she
is brought into a loyal port, or carried into a neu-
tral port, that moment he has his action against
the parties who claim the title. Now, instead of
allowing these questions to go before the judicial
tribunals there to be settled, this bill proposes to
erect a new kind of tribunal, and that a tribunal
unknown to the Constitution and unknown hith-
erto to the laws of the country, and a tribunal
which,however much I am willing to respect, and
however much I regard it as authoritative in po-
litical questions and in executive questions, I am
not willing to intrust great judicial questions to.
The bill provides:
And the President is hereby authorized and required upon
satisfactory pioof of such ownership and of the loyalty and
fidelity of the owner or claimant, to cause the same to be
restored to the owner thereof.
This bill erects the President of the United
States into a judicial tribunal; it makes him the
adjudicator of the rights of parties, and not the
constitutional tribunals of the country. I protest,
sir, against the passage of such a bill. I protest
against it as an infringement of the Constitution,
and I protest against it as a manifest, palpable vio-
lation of the rights of the seamen of the country.
Mr. HALE. I have not directed particular at-
tention to this bill, but I hope the Senator from
Iowa will be good enough to state what he means
by saying that as the law new is, when a vessel
that belongs to a loyal citizen of the United States
189
has been captured by the rebels, and then recap-
tured by us and brought into a loyal port, the citi-
zen has a remedy by applying to the courts. Is
there any law which divests the captors of the
right that they would have growing out of the fact
of the ownership of the loyal citizen ? I understood
that the object of this bill was to remedy that very
thing, and to give the remedy which the Senator
from Iowa says now exists.
Mr. GRIMES. It goes far beyond that.
Mr. HALE. I am not conversant with the
principles of the bill, but I understood the Senator
to state the law to be substantially what I under-
stand the framers of this bill intend to make it.
For instance, if the Senator from Iowa owns a
ship, and she is captured by the rebels and our
forces recapture her, the equity,the common sense
of the thing is that they recapture her, not for the
United States Government, but for the Senator
from Iowa, who never has lost his right in her.
There is no principle of law better settled on land
and sea than that an illegal taking, or a stealing,
or a trespass of property by one person does not
vest the title in him or anybody else. A man's
horse may be stolen, and sold in open market, but
wheiever he can find the horse it is his, anywhere,
and it seems to me the same principle applies at
sea. If vessels are taken by rebels, by pirates,
as we have declared them to be, we certainly can
never admit that by that act of illegal capture, not
by a foreign enemy but by our own rebellious citi-
zens,the legal title of the rightful owner is divested
and placed in anybody else. If that is the object
of the bill I think H is a meritorious one, and I
think it ought to receive the sanction of the Sen-
ate, and I do not think that the Government ought
from any desire to icward private soldiers, to give
sanction to a practice that would divest a loyal
owner of a vessel of his right of property in it,
simply by reason of its having been captured by
rebels and pirates. As I said, I have not examined
the details of the bill; but for that principle I am
content to go.
Mr. TENEYCK. This bill owes its origin,
among other things, to this state of facts. Prior to
the breaking out of the rebellion, a vessel owned
by a citizen of Maine in the pursuit of her lawful
business, was in the port of New Orleans, and
while lawfully there in the way of trade, an ordi-
nance of secession was passed, the rebellion broke
out, she was seized by the rebels, used for their
purposes, and subsequently captured by our naval
forces. Now, why should our naval officers, under
those circumstances, deprive the owner of his right
to that vessel? Why should not the owner, trust-
ing to the Government for his protection in his per-
son and his propeity, have that vessel lestored to
him in the same condition in which she was when
taken, or as nearly so as possible, and without
charges or incumbrance? I know the Navy are
entitled to all merit and to all praise and to all glory
for their heroic deeds and conduct; but are they
entitled to strip the owner of his right to the vessel,
in order that her value may be distributed among
them as prize? This is the simple statement of
the case. The rebels acquired no ught or title to
her by her seizure—no right of property such as
a foreign enemy or a belligerent could acquire.
They were trespassers or wrong-doers who, m the
piosecution of an act of robbery, seized the vessel;
and now, when our Navy has recaptured her, in-
stead of the vessel being returned under the author-
ity of the Government to her owner, as she ought
to have been, she is held to be divided piecemeal
between the officers ofthe Navy in the way of prize
money, salvage, &c. Of what benefit will the pros-
ecution of the war be to this loyal citizen, ii this
be so?
Mr. GRIMES. I concede the merit of the case
the Senator puts, and if he will allow me 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am done. I simply say
I can see no more reason why our naval officers,
under these circumstances, should be entitled to
divide the proceeds of this vessel among them as
prize, than our soldiers, who day after day are
risking their lives for thirteen dollars a month, are
entitled to any articles of property they may cap-
ture in the progress of the war. It seems to me
the owner of the ship should have her returned to
him entirely free from any claim whatever. If
the Navy are entitled to any further consideration
or rewaid,let them have it out of a general fund-,
and not strip the owner, who may have lost for
months the use of his vessel and all the profits
which might have accrued from her ordinary use.
The object of the Navy, as well as the Army, in
this war, is to regain and restore to their owners
all the places and things which have been occu-
pied and seized by rebels and insurrectionists in
the prosecution of their unholy purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. I can see, and I presume every-
body will at onceieomprehond, the merit of the
case that was put by the Senator from New Jer-
sey, but that is not the case that is here. This is
a general law. It applies as well to the vessel that
has been captured under the authority of the con-
federate government, and converted into a war ves-
sel and used for the destruction of our flag upon
the high seas, as it does to the case to which the
Senator from New Jersey has referred.
Mr. COLLAMER. And captured at sea.
Mr. GRIMES. And captured at sea. That is
my objection to it. If they will bring in a bill to
cover the case which the Senator has stated, the
case of the ship from Maine, I am content; but
this bill goes far beyond that. It covers the whole
case. It settles a rule for all coming time, and that
is the objection 1 have to it. I am unwilling that
that rule shall be decided upon a given case, the
most meritorious that can be found.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It was owing to the very
great importance of this matter that I asked to
have the icpoi t read,in oi der that the Senate might
look at the case and we might have the benefit of
the experience of Senators here and their reflection
upon this subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator from
Iowa to argue that this bill was unconstitutional.
I should like to appeal to him to know in what it
is unconstitutional.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to engage in
a constitutional argument.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the question in entire
good faith. 1 really wish to know in what point
it is unconstitutional. 1 do not see that it is. I
will make one further observation in regard to it.
I take if, the policy of allotting to officers and sail-
ois prize money has always been open to ques-
tion. It has been handed down, I know, from
past times; but I take it that in proportion as na-
tions have become more civilized and more refined,
it is a policy that has been drawn into doubt.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator whether,
under the law as it now exists, our officers and
sailors have not certain vested rights. This bill
is retrospective as well as prospective.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says they have
certain vested rights; but those vested rights, as I
understand, only apply as regards foreign enemies.
Here is the precise question: certain property is
taken, not by foreign enemies, but by persons
whom we regard as rebels; afterwardsitcomes into
our possession; and the question is, precisely,
whether this old, rigid rule of war, which, as I
have already remarked, has been drawn in ques-
tion by the maturer civilization of our times, shall
be extended to the case of property which has been
taken by rebels, and afterwords recaptured by us.
It seems to me it oughtnotto be extended to such
a case. I should be disposed to go still further,
and to reconsider the old law, and to call in ques-
tion the policy of allowing any prize money in
any case. I do not wish to raise that question
now; I merely present it to exhibit what seems to
me to be the question in the present case.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say one word, be-
cause there seems to be a little confusion as to what
this bill is, originating principally in the sugges-
tions of the honorable Senator from Iowa, fhe
bill grows out of the necessity presented to the
Senate, first, by the memonal in the case stated
by the Senator from New Jersey, and afterwards,
a resolution of the Senate directed to the Commit-
tee on Commerce to inquire into the general state
