2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
very. The scars and wounds of these brave youth
wilt bear honorable testimony to their devotion to
constitutional law, and proclaim to the coming
generation the character and the cause of the war
in which they wcie received. The rebellion is the
result of slavery, and follows naturally enough
a .defeated attempt to overthrow by enigmatical
legislation andjpdicial chicanery the well and long
settled laws, principles, and habits of the land-
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold]
spoke of the barbarities which the actors in this
rebellion have perpetrated—how they have turned
the skulls of our dead soldiers into drinking cups
and thoir bones into drum-sticks and trinkets for
ladies' girdles. Sir, such barbarities are legit-
imate consequences of the system of human sla-
very. Nature is ever true to her own types and
processes; she never departs from them. The
same circumstances given, she will from a cause
produce the same effect in every age and country.
These barbarities are, I repeat, but the legitimate
fruit of an institution which makes man the owner
of man, and regards the spirit of God incarnated
in His earthly image as a chattel for the market.
The scenes of violence of to-day are only novel in
their grandeur and not in their character. We
have become used to hearing of men hung or shot
or otherwise murdered; of men barreled alive,
and pat afloat upon the swollen and swift-rolling
river; of men scourged and driven from their
homes and the land which they had inherited from
then* fathers, because they did not approve of sla-
very, and have blushed to think these acts pecu-
liar to our countrymen; but they are not peculiar
to this country or this day.
Look at the history of slavery in the British
West Indies. Freedom ofopinion was suppressed
there by similar acts of barbarism. Discussion
was only conducted with safely in the mother
country, and it required the power of the imperial
Government to make it always safe, even in Eng-
land. On the islands, England's power could not
give safety to him who doubted the divinity of
slavery and dared utter his doubt in prayer to God
or exhortation to man.
I have been reminded of all this while glancing
overthe pages ofa recent book, Stevens's History
ofMethodism—a book of i are interest and power,
containing vivid, rapid, condensed sketches of men
and incidents not often excelled in the English
language. Its pages contain extracts from the
journals of Wesley and his early co-laborers, so
like the statements which fugitives from the youth
of to-day end the few last years have given that
we feel doubtful as to the correctness of their date.
It is not peculiarities of the men of to-day, but the
unhappy and unvarying influence of an unholy
and barbarous institution from which we suffer.
I remember, sir, one who slavery murdered more
than twenty years ago, for inviting the people to
consider the very question involved in this bill.
He was a dear friend of my eat ly manhood, a child
of genius—Melzar Gardner—a native of Massa-
chusetts, a printer, who had started a little news-
paper called the Sunbeam, in the inteiest of the
iree workingnien of the country. He was invited
by a number of mechanics to Norfolk or Ports-
mouth to establish a paper there in their interest,
and he moved his little all, the result of years of
labor, the contents of his printing office, to one or
the other of these towns. lie was a mild, gentle
enthusiast, a lover of his kind and of freedom,
inured from early childhood to daily toil, and yet
ranking in thought and culture with the men of
learning and genius of the land. On his way to
his new field of labor, in the spring of 1840, he
was my guest. He started his paper, and had
published two numbers of it, when the newscame
that, because he had opposed the employment of
slave labor in the Norfolk navy-yaid to the ex-
clusion of free laborers, he had been barbarously
murdered at the doors of that yard. The deed
was said to have been done by a man of wealth
and respectability; and to this day a coronei's
inquest has notbeen called to ascertain how, when,
or why that beautiful and gentle spmt was hunied
to Us final account.
Sir, to maintain slavery in these navy-yards and
atsenuls, and for the Groverment to give the owners .
of human chattels wages for their labor, is to pa- ]
tronize and sustain the institution—to patronize
and sustain it at the cost and by the degradation
of the free laboring men of the country. All just
men will agree that every laborer for the Govern-
ment should receive, in his own right,a fair day's
wages for every fair day's work. No one will
say that southern slaves, whom it is a violation of
law to teach to read, are superior mechanics to
educated white men, or that the white mechanic
should be forced to work and associate with the
brutalized negro slave. No one will say that slaves
have greater power of endurance, or that there is
any reason why they should be employed to the
exclusion,from navy-yards,dock-yards,arsenals,
&c., of white laboring men, or even of free black
men, who, having earned and received wages,
would spend them for the support of their fami-
lies. I say, therefore, that, in the interest of future
peace, and m the interest of freedom and justice,
Ave are called upon to pass this bill.
Sir, let me say here that while I am unwilling
to cast a vote that shall impair the sanctity of the
Constitution of the country, I am no less unwill-
ing to cast one that shall favor slavery m any de-
gree or diiection. The Constitution does not create
it; the Constitution does not in terms recognize
it; it only tolerates it, and this law does not pro-
pose to interfere with that toleration. It does not
propose to abolish slavery anywhere. It only
proposes to say to the slave owner, " keep your
slaves out of these placcs as employes; do not in-
terfere with the system of free labor and attempt
to force the free mechanic into companionship
with your slaves, or we will protect his dignity
and interests by making freemen of your instru-
ments. "
Mr. LOVEJOY. If no othergentleman wishes
to discuss this question, 1 will call the previous
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a very
few remaiks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I will not insist on the
previous question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Speaker, I listened
to the remarks that were made by the honorable
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Crisfield,] in
which he put one or two questions to this side of
the House, and to one of those questions the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellky] h;\s just
made answer. One question which the gentleman
put was this: " Do you think fifteen States will
stand this infringement upon theirrights?" Now,
sir, for one, I reply to him that I doubt whether
they will stand it. They certainly will not stand
it if they entertain similar views to those enter-
tained by ex-Governor Hammond, of South Car-
olina, who tells us emphatically that they will
have no other Union than one in which the slave
power shall be largely and permanently predom-
inant, and that they can be secure in no other.
Mr. CU.ISFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to put m a word iust there?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 disclaim all sympathy
with the South Carolina doctrine upon the sub-
ject of Slate rights or this rebellion. 1 justify
rebellion for no reason. All thatl do is to appeal
to the men here who are charged with the public
safety, not to try the experiment of how much
humanity will bear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; but South Car-
olina is included in those States. Itisone of the
fifteen States of which the gentleman spoke when
he put the question to us, " will the States stand
it?" and I repeat that I do not think they will
stand it, if they entertain the same views as have
been put forth by Governor Hammond in regard
to the slave power. Sir, the gentleman spoke of
rising to pour oil on the troubled waters at such a
time as this. 1 wish that he had poured some oil
which would tend to calm agitation and occasion
for it m the North as well as in the South, and to
make us feel at the North that when this Union shall
be restored our rights will be guarantied to us.
Why, sir, even within the last two years, con-
stituents of mine, seamen, and voters in the State
of Maine, have been imprisoned in Charleston for
the simple reason that they were black, and the
ship-owners have been compelled to pay the prison
fees. Now, when this Union is restored we want
to sec the rights of the North guarantied to us as
well as the rights of the Southguarantied to them.
Mr. CRISFIELD. And so do I.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir. T am glad
to hear the gentlemen say so.
A word or two more and I am done. 1 listened
with as much patience as I could to the lecture
given us this morning by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox.] For one, I do not hold myself re-
sponsible to him for the manner in which I dis-
charge my duties in this House. For one, I do
not hold that he has a right to lecture me for the
manner in which I discharge them, any more than
I have a right to lecture him. I would like to know
who has made him professor of ethics and politi-
cal science here that he should undertake to tell
me, as a member of this House, what my duty is
with respect to these questions m regard to the
negro? 1 hope I understand my duty as well as
the gentleman understands his in this matter. Sir,
he complains that we upon this side are contin-
ually thrusting the negro into the proceedings of
the House. Why, he thrusts himself in here, and
you cannot thrust him out until you do him jus-
tice. You might as well undertake to thrust out
Satan, who is always here to aid gentlemen who
insist that slaves arc property, and ought to be
held as property by white men. Sir, 1 am as ready
as any gentleman upon this floor to keep the negro
out when he can be properly kept out. But so
long as this rebellion is what it is, and so long as
by our human nature we are what wo arc, we can-
not undertake to thrust him out and keep him out.
One reason why I am m favor of this bill is that
it will have a tendency to settle this whole ques-
tion as far as it goes.
Gentlemen talk about constitutional rights here.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Olin] told
us, just as if there were those here who were
ready to do anything whether it is constitutional
or not, that he had a great regard for the Consti-
tution. Sir, have not we all great regard for the
Constitution, when we have taken an oath here
that we will suppoi t it? The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wickliffe] shakes his head. Why
does he shake his head, as if gentlemen upon this
side of the House <lid not regard the Constitu-
tion ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will you allow me to say
why I do it? -
Mi. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Because I do not believe
it is true. I think your acts prove the contrary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, the gentleman has
a right to his opinion, and I have a right to mine,
and when he says he thinks that, I say it is not
true. We upon this side of the House have just
as good right to say that you disregard the Con-
stitution; and that is our opinion, and you are
welcome to it. You are just as ready to disre-
gard the Constitution, if by any means you can
promote the interests of slavery, as you are to
chatge us with doing violence to u, if we can
promote the interests of human freedom.
Mr. ASHLEY. We do not violate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, not by any means;
but that is the gentleman's opinion in respect to us.
A word more, Mr. Speaker, before I take my
seat. The gentleman quoted to us the opinion of
Judge Story of the Supreme Court, that slaves are
property; and we have heard it over and over again
that it is the opinion of the same gentleman that
" what the law makes property is property;" and
the gentleman from Kentucky was pleased to say
that Judge Story was such a fool as to believe it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, no, I did not say that;
T said that you, on that side, thought him a fool
for believing so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notatall,sir; butlctme
say that there are as wise men as the gentleman
to whom he alluded, who believe that it is not for
the law to say that any man shall be the propet ty
of another. The gentleman quoted the language
of Judge Story. 1 will quote to him the language
of a gentleman—who stands high in his estima-
tion,and justly so, but who does"not concur with
i j Justice Story on this point—the languageof a gen-
ii tlemau commended on the floor of the House by
j the honorable gentleman from Kentucky as being
right on this question of slavery. The Secretary
of State has said:
" X remain of opinion that a being possessed of phjsie.il,
moial, and intellectual (acuities common to the human
lace, camioi, by force of any constitution or lutes, be jjoods
or chattels, oi a tiling."
That is the opinion of a ^pn tie man who, as I have
said, stands deservedly high in the estimation of
the gentleman from Kentucky; and there are cm-
inen'tjurists who concur with him. All I have to
say further is, I do not regard as of any conse-
quence in point of fact, as controlling my vote on
.1 the question at issue, the opinion of this chief
