3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
offsets applicable to this species of property. It
■s UnluC Lre is a practice preva. mg .n he
Navy of regarding vessels of citizens of the United
States found in tlie ports which have been block-
aded and recently opened, and mainly m the port
of New Orleans, as captures, prizes of war; and
when those ports arc opened to tlie citizens who
had taken their vessels into those ports m due
course of trade, and paid the regular duties and
charges under the regulations prescribed by Con-
gress in the commerce of the country, and they
go there to recover this property, they find this
claim upon them. They apply to the War De-
partment, and the War Department can give^110
direction on the subject. The Secretary of Wai
verv properly says it docs not belong to him; the
War Department makes no captures, and the War
Department claims no interest in the prizes. If
you apply to the Secretary of the Trcasuiy, he
will very properly say, we will give you clearance
if you present your vessel; biu we can settle no
questions ns to whether you havegota vessel. If
you do not control it, of course we can give you
no clearance. If you apply to the Secretary of
the Wavy he declines to give any direction; very
properly, because he says il does not belong to
him to say whether the Navy, under any existing
law, has or has not got rights in this property.
Hence it becomes the absolute necessity of the
Government under this state of facts to pass its
judgment upon it.
Now, sir, what is the law upon tins general sub-
ject? Under the rigid principles of intei national
law, all captures of the enemy's property are
prizes of war; but that principle only applies to
external nations, foreign nations. I hat principle
was ueverupplied, in any instance that I have been
able to discover, to a domestic enemy. It is a
principle of international law, not a principle ot
municipal law. Tlintsettles thatqiieslion.and that
meets precisely the objection raised by the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa.
Pursuing the subject a little further, we find that
that general rule of 'international law, under the in-
fluences alluded to by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, has undergone a radical change,
and nowhere now in any civilized nation is it held
to be good law, equity, or justice, that the prop-
erty of the citizen taken by the enemy ami recap-
tured by the nation ot the eitizeu should be held
to be a prize of war and subjected to the jurisdic-
tion of 11 prize court. Consequently, you find in
the legislation of Great Untnin, long back in the
last century, that Parliament enacted a law that
property thus situated, thus taken and retaken,
should not lie held to be prize of war, but should
be leturned to the owner.
Mr. GRIM KS. The Senator will allow me to
nsk liini, do they not require that salvage shall be
paid
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will stale the whole of it if
the Senator will give me time. They annulled the
doctrine of prize of wai. That is what I mean.
Mr. UlllMKS. What about salvage?
Mr. MOltRlLL. 1 was going to tell you about
that, if you will be patient. They declared it slum hi
not be held to bo prize of war, though taken from
a foreign enemy. Although lite principle under
which this doctrine of prize of war originated, to
stimulate and encourage enterprise in tlie Navy in
making captures, applies in this ease as well as in
the other, yet the duty and the obligation of the
State to protect the property of the citizen over-
rides that, and I take it the law of Great Britain
is founded on that principle. They, therefore,
my it is not prize of war, but that it is proper
enough that the Government should provide for
the expense of taking it, and they therefore pro-
vide stiivugc. One eighth of the value of the ves-
sel is to be distributed and regarded as salvage.
Tins Government, following the same piinciple,
I think in ISOt) enacted a similar principle, chang-
ing entirely tins international principle of prize,
so that tu-day, as the law stands in regard to for-
eign nations, if we were at war with Great Britain, ,
and Great Britain were to take a vessel, and we j
were to retake it,it would not beheld to be prize i
of war, but the doctrine would be that it must be j
restored to the owner, the owner paying salvage, j
Mr. COWAN. The Senator will allow me to ]
ask him: suppose it had been condemned m a i
British prize couit and retaken after that, would j
it not be prize of wai ? |
Mr. MORRILL. There is that exception in .
"the statute. The principle is as I have stated ,. pro-
vided that if it had been condemned m a couit of
admiralty, then this principle does not apply ; ana
Sfe™' tl/court say the principle of infnaUona
law applies between the two cases. Now, U win
be seen that none of these principles applies to
this case; and that in this case a very much more
equitable principle may fairly be invoked. Here,
sir, the facts are that our citizens are still enter-
in" our ports with their vessels. In the case on
which this question arises, a citizen of the United
States in that portion of the United States which
has not been declared in insurrection, ill due course
of law, ill regular pursuit of commerce under such
regulations and restrictions as Congress has pro-
vided, enters one of your domestic ports; he pays
the duties, and he conforms to all the rules and
regulations of that commerce; and while there this
domestic insurrection arises, and this domestic
enemy captures and detains the vessel. When
your port is reopened by your own authority the
vessel is there found. This bill proceeds on the
idea that the insurrection has not changed the title
to the property; that the insurrection is irregular;
it is not a foreign enemy. If it were a foreign
nation, by the legislation to which I have already
leferrod, you have seen it would not be prize ot
war; it would still be returned to the owner; but
as the insurrection is altogether irregulai, it stands
precisely on the principle of stolen property . The
Government is not pursuing an enemy witlun its
own limits, that is, a public enemy, m the sense
in which prize laws regard a belligerent nation as
a public enemy. The report proceeds upon the
idea that all the doings of the so-called confeder-
ate Slates are irregular and must be held to be
irregular. They do not touch the rights of prop-
erty; they do not change the rights of property
in any manner whatever; and when the Govern-
ment sends its Navy to reopen its own ports, the
circumstances under which they are reopened re-
pel the idea that tlicy are making captures. They
are simply enforcing the laws wit run then* own
limits and within their own jurisdiction. To con-
cede any other doctrine, to concede the doctrine
ceue any uim-i «.v/   -
that these belligerents have the right to change
that title is to concede everything; it is to concede
that a temporary insurrection in the country may
absolutely change the character of your Govern-
ment.
fill.
Now, in regard to one other suggestion made
by the honorable Senator from Iowa, he starts this
query, and thinks there is a difference and makes
a distinction. lie says that will do very well as
applied to the ordinary class of vessels captured
by the rebels, if they have not been used against
us; if they have not, for instance, been changed
to war vessels and so used against us. Pray, sir,
does that change the principle' Does the fact that
the rebel within our own limits and juusdiction
has chosen to change the character of the vessel,
change the title? Does that affect the title or the
principle in any way whatever? Mr. President,
from the best consideration I have been able to
give this bill, I do not believe it is liable to any of
the objections or difficulties suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa. I believe it is emi-
nently just and wise that it should be passed.
The PllESI DENT pro tempore. Tlie question
is on the passage of tlie bill, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YKAtf — IVIcs-m* Anthony, Chuk, Collamer, Diivji,
Divon, l-VyM-mien. Font, Foster, Halo, lining llemleison,
llowatd, Howe, King, I.atic ot* Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Momll, Nt'smuli, Simmon**, Stark, Sumuei, Ten Eyck,
TiumimH, Wade, and Wilkinson—iio.
NAYS-Mo-m--. Hiowninir, Cowan, Grimes, Hailan,
Kennedy, Poniproy, Powell, s^aulsbury, Sheiman, Willey,
Wil>«o  of Misftouii, and Wiight—12.
So the bill was passed.
TETITION,
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Alexandria, Viigima, praying for the passage
of the hill providing for the extension of the char-
ter of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
Company; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS VROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of W. A.
FiVann, reported a bill (S, No. 375) for the relief
of W. A. Evans; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. „,i,„m
He also, from the same committee, to wnom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 272) for the re-
lief of Brigadier General Joseph G. iotten,ie-
ported it without amendment. _
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Walters, a mes-
senger at the headquarters of the Army, praying
for "additional compensation, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Allans
and the Militia; which, was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY.from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. -97)
for the relief of J. W. Nye, reported it without
amendment.
JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
Mr WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 95) to repeal a certain provision m
the act approved May 7, 1860, entitled " An act
for the lelief of Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of
the late brevet Major General Persifer J?. Smith;
Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow of Major Cren-
eralAlexanderMacomb.and Mrs. Arabella Rtley^,
widow of brevet Major General Eennet Riley;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE J110M TUB HOUSE.
A message front the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the repoit
of the committee of conference on the bill (S. No.
171) to reorganize the Navy Department of the
United Slates.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced thdttheSpeaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 242) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Tom Dyer to that of
Dolphin; ,
A bill (S. No. 243) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Curtis Mann to that or
Supply; ., .
A hill (EI. R. No. 312) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay inteiest
on the public debt;
A bill (H. R. No. 3G4) to aid in constructing a
i tub oad and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean,and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes;
A hill (H. R. No. 391) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States and other places, and disapproving
and annulling certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah;
A bill(H.R. No. 425) to incorporate the Guard-
ian Society and Reform Juvenile Offenders in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 515) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Indian agent in Colorado Tern-
tory; and
A bill (H.R.No. 521) for the relief of William
B. Dodd and others.
WIDOW OF GENERAL CHARLES F. SMITH.
Mr. FOSTER. There are three little private
bills upon the Calendar that were reported by the
Committee on Pensions during the last week, two
oV them in favor of two widows, whose husbands,
officers of the Army, have recently died in the pub-
lic service, and the third in favor of a private sol-
dier who has been very severely, and, I may say,
very desperately wounded in battle. The com-
mittee have not been disposed to recommend to
Congress to open the public Treasury very freely
to applications of this description, for I believe
these three are the only cases that have been re-
ported favorably. I hope, therefore, the Senate
will be disposed to consider them. The first one
which I will move that the Senate take up for con-
sideration is the bill (S. No. 371) for the lelief of
Mrs. Fanny Maetier Smith, the widow ofGeneral
Charles Ferguson Smith, lateof the Army. 1 movu
to take up that bill for consideration 
Mr. HALE. I believe that is the bill that the
Senator from Michigan, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Chandler,] had some written evidence respecting
.that lie wanted to read to the Senate.
