1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
justice or that. I shall vote on what I understand
to be the law of risht, and according to what I
understand to tie in accordance with the Consti-
tution of the United States. And when the Union
is restored," let there be no new patches and band-
ages, no more tinkering compromises," but the
real original Unton of freeman for the sake of hu-
man freedom. I cannot sec that any good can
result from recommitting this bill. It will be the
death of it. Therefore I am opposed to its re-
commitment
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, and demand the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. COX. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. Can I not move my amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
the previous question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I am appealed to by the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, who, I understand, is
opposed to the bill, andas its friends have occupied
much of the time, I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, but I renew the motion to
recommit.
Mr. COX. Can I now renew my motion to
amend ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Rhode Island yield to the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Certainly, sir; ifitisonly
to make a motion.
Mr. COX. Then I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman fiom Illinois by instructing the
committee to i eport back this bill on the first day
of next session.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to the passage of this bill at the present time,
and in favor of postponing itas is proposed, or of
recommitting it with the instructions offered by
the gentleman from Ohio. I believe that the main
proposition in this bill is already the law of the
land. Topassabill of this kind at thistimc would
seem as if this House doubted the correctness of
that proposition. I have entertained the opinion
that freedom was national and that slavery was
the creation of local law ever since I was capable
of forming an opinion upon that subject. I am
also of opinion that so far as the bill proposes to
operate against slavery within the lines of any
of the States, and within light-houses, custom-
houses, forts, dock-yards, arsenals, &c., that the
only practical effect of the bill will be to irritate
the people within those States. It will tend to
render them stili fuither opposed to the restora-
tion of the authority of this Government without
doing any practical good. The object of which 1
desire the accomplishment moie than that of any
other political object, is the restoration of this
Government as it came to us from our fathers,
leaving the rights of the States and of individuals
in the States as they existed at the time that this
rebellion broke out, subject, however, to the right
of this Government to punish any citizen of any
State who may have violated the penal laws of
the United States, by commuting tn ason or any
other crime, precisely as they would have been
punished had ihey committed their ctimes before
thebreakingoutofthis rebellion. I will, willingly
and knowingly,do no one thing that will interfere
with the accomplishment of this darling objectof
my mind.
In regard to this matter of the dock-yards, cus-
tom-houses,and other territory,of which we have
obtained jurisdiction, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Arnold] referred this morning to the
Constitution, and claimed that we had exclusive
authonty to legislate in relation to the local insti-
tutions of all places over which we had obtained
jurisdiction for any of the pui poses of defense or
commerce, or to promote the postal service. I
propose for a single moment to consider that ques-
tion. U is true that the Constitution provides that
we shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any ter-
ritory which we purchase, or to which we obtain
title by the consent of the Legislature of the State
in winch the same may be, for the election of
forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and othet needful
buildings. We aie fo obtain title by the consent
of the State. Now, I should like to ask my friend
from Illinois whether Congress could obtain ju-
risdiction ovcrgroundson which to erect a custom-
house or arsenal without the consentof the State?
Mr. ARNOLD. If the gentleman from Rhode
Island will direct his attention to the bill, he will
find that it is confined to places where Congress
has supremo legislative jurisdiction.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am look-
ing at the intent and object of this bill, and con-
struing it. From what is apparent on its face, it
excludes the conclusion which the gentleman sug-
gests. Wc cannot obtain the title to exclusive
jurisdiction over any tenitory for any of these pur-
poses without the consent of the State in which
such tenitoiy is comprised. Has not the State
the right to affix such terms and conditions as it
thinks proper to the granting of that consent?
And if the Federal Government accept the grant
with the conditions, are not those conditions bind-
ing upon it?
Terms cannot be imposed by the State after the
title is acquired, says a gentleman near me, in an
under-tone. That is true; but it certainly can im-
pose terms at the time the title is acquired. Pass
this bill, and will you afterwards, in any neces-
sity of the Government, acquire a title to or juris-
diction over the land on which to erect another cus-
tom-house, another arsenal, another dock-yard,
or any other building for a public pu^vose in any
of those. States? The gentleman says he differs
with me in regard to the constitutional question.
Mr. ARNOLD. Let me call the gentleman's
attention to the terms of the bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. If the gentleman desires
to read the bill he may, but not for my benefit.
Mr. ARNOLD. The gentleman is making ob-
jection to the proposition contained in the oiiginal
bill, but not in the substitute.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I understand the amend-
ment to change the language, but stili that does
not modify my views of the effect of the hill in
the particulars to which I am now calling the at-
tention of the House. Then the gentleman says
that u would only be a violation of good faith.
On that 1 have a word to say. He tells us, Mr.
Speaker, what is lamentably true, that the men
in those southern States have done us great wrong;
how they have desolated this land, how they have
waged war against this Government, how they
have desolated even our own homes, how they
have struckdownourfriends, how they have mu-
tilated oar dead. I am painfully familiar with the
truth of some of these declarations. But is that
a justification for our violation of faith to these
people? Because they have cruelly wronged us
are we justified in doing wrong to them? The
gentleman seems to think that it is not a great
mattei—I should judge from the manner of his
talk this morning—for the Government to violate
the faith on which it received the cession of this
land ftom the States.
Mr. ARNOLD. My friend from Rhode Island
I am sure does not design to misrepresent me.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Certainly not, sir.
Mr. ARNOLD. Then I deny, in the most ex-
plicit manner, that the passage of the bill would,
m my judgment, violate to any extent the plighted
faith ot the Government. While the rebels keep
no fauh with us, I can say we will keep faith
with all the world.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I accept the explanation
of the gentleman; but stili I understood the gen-
tleman—1 do not undertake to give his pi case
language—when the gentleman from New York, S
from the Oneida district, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,]
intcnupted him and read from the deed of the
State of JNorth Carolina ceding the territory which
it conveyed to the General Government—which
condition was that Congress should do no act
which would tend to emancipate slaves in the
ceded territory—to attempt to evade the constitu-
tional question by saying that the United States
had exclusive jurisdiction of it, by virtue of the
constitutional provision, notwithstanding the con-
dition in the deed to the contrary, and that the
only question open was a question of national
faith. And I then understood him to urge the
passage of that bill in the face of that question.
Mi. ARNOLD. I stated in reply to the legal
argument that the legal objection did not exist, in
my judgment, because the State which surren-
dered the territory m question surrendered it and
I vested in Congress absolute and exclusive legisla-
tive jurisdiction over if. I thought that the argu-
ment in reference to good faith, in view of the
action of the rebels at this particular time, was,
perhaps, not as forcible as it might be at another
time. But I say I deny absolutely that the pas-
sage of this law would be a violation of any faith,
implied or expressed, because we have clearly
absolute and exclusive jurisdiction over the land,
as I understand it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Then the gentleman from
Illinois says that the clause in the deed of cession,
which the United States accepted, did not plight
the faith of the United States'-to observe that -con-
dttion. Does the gentleman mean that?
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have a suggestion to
make, if the gentleman from Rhode Island will
permit, thinking it may reconcile this question as
to faith. There are two kinds of faith, that old-
fashioned American bona fides, which our fathers
knew something about, and Punic faith, a sort of
African morality. I presume the gentleman from
Illinois alluded to the latter sort of faith when he
talked of keeping faith upon this subject. Union
men of the border here are not without such a
suspicion.
Mr. ARNOLD. I think a reproach of that
character applies with much greater force against
those for whom the gentleman from Kentucky is
ever ready to express sympathy, and whom he
fears that this House, in the discharge of their
duties, may injure. Those who are fighting the
battles of the country, those who are engaged in
putting down rebellion, and who are justified in
using all the power under this Government to
accomplish that, do not find that sympathy from
the gentleman from Kentucky which he see,ms so
ready always to express everywhere in protect-
ing this sacred institution.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I cannotyield any further.
I am opposed to irritating unnecessarily anybody,
I am opposed to it here as well as elsewhere.
Mr. VVICKLIFFE. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, in justice to my colleague,
[Mr. Wadsworth,] that he has been where the
gentleman from Illinois has not been and dare not
go—in the face of the enemy.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It does seem to me that if
ever there was a time in the history of this Gov-
ernment when we should attempt to administer
our Constitution in the spirit in which it was
made, that time is now and here. We should en-
deavor to act upon this floor and elsewhere, in the
spirit which animated those who framed and
adopted the Constitution; this is not the time or
the place for criminations. We are all here lov-
ing alike and alike desiring the preservation of
the Government, and we only differ as to the mode
by which we can best accomplish this object. We
cannot preserve the Government by destroying
the Constitution and the faith of the nation, but
both must be kept in letter and in spirit; not ob-
serve "the letter only, which killeth," but " the
spirit as well, which maketh alive." We should
keep this obligation in relation to emancipating
slaves, as much as any other.
1 have no tenderness with reference to this mat-
ter of slavery, because I say here now, and always,
I hate that institution; but the gentlemen m the
States where they have established it differ with
mc in relation to it, and it is their right to differ.
I have no right to complain of them because they
do so. Thnt is their business and not mine. ^ I do
not desire at all to interfere with their local insti-
tutions; but I desire here to discharge the duties
which devolve upon me, as a Representative in
this House, according to my best ability, under
the Constitution and according to the Constitu-
tion, and tn the spirit in which the Constitution
was framed and adopted, and not otherwise.
1 have no objection to saying upon any proper
occasion that slavery shall not be extended to
any place where it does not now exist. When by
so doing I can accomplish any practical result, 1
shall cheerfully do so; but as to the lerritories,
I think that freedom is the common law of the
Territories, and that nothing but positive law can
carry slavery there; and we might as well here
undertake to reenact the decalogue as to enact this
law. . .
When one country acquires territory ot an-
other, they take that territory with all its local
institutions, and those institutions remain until
they are abolished or changed by legislative en-
actments; but I do not understand that there is
any local law in any of the Territories which rec-
ognizes slavery at the present time. I have no
idea of engaging in mere fancy legislation for any
purpose whatever. I think we had much better
