1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the present arrangement of the appointment of sutlers is
sattsfactoiy to u4-, and we desire no change of the present
s>s.£em in the transaction of business with them, believing
that any change fiom the pie^ent anangement would be
dctiimental to our eomfoit, and convenience;
knowing as we do that the --'council of administration'*
of ouch icgiinent ha- full authority and power to ledress
any giievauce that may arise as to the regulation of the
office of sutler.
This is the cxtract from the Baltimore Sun to
which allusion is made:
" The Army Sutlers—It is stated that Senator Wilson
has dctci mined to introduce a bill immediately on the open-
ing of Congress, to abolish the office of sutler in the Army.
He has been impelled to this by reason of the extortions
and abuses piacticed upon the soldiers. In spite of the legal
resuiction against selling to soldiers to an amount exceed-
ing one thiid of their pay, it oiten occurs that the sutler
piesonts an order on the paymaster for three quarters of the
amount du<- the aoldier, while one half thus taken is loo
common to oxcite remark. The price«, too, are exorbitant,
the profits often being from two to three hundied percent,
and the quality of the aitides furnished as had as will be
tolerated. Liquor, too, is often clandestinely furnished.
The paltry and other articles of food furnished have been
found to cau^e sickness. It is known that in very many
cases the colonels of regiments are partners of the sutlers,
the piofits being so large that men arc often unable to get
the appointment on any other terms. The profits of a sutler
for a full legiment arc from six to twelve thousand dollais
a year."
The circular to the sutlers is signed "P>ryant&
Reddull, solicitors,No. 353 I street,Washington,
D. C,"and underneath the printed circular are
these words written:
" Senator Wilson has given notice that he will intio-
duce a bill for the abolition of sutleis. B. & It."
And, sir, I am told, and told defiantly, that
this project will be entirely defeated in Congress.
There was an assemblage yesterday of men in-
terested in this sutlers'traffic to defeat this meas-
ure before Congress. This meeting, this circular,
this plan to raise money, to obtain petitions, this
slanderous allegation of interested motives, all
give evidence that the men who are engaged in
this immense traffic, so profitable to them and so
pernicious to our foices in the field, mean to exert
all their vast power to defeat any action in Con-
gress that shall tend to lessen their gains. I trust
m God, sir, that Senators and Representatives will
care more for the welfare of the poor soldiers now
fighting the battlesof the country and theirwives
and little ones at home than for the interests of
these men, who follow the Army to increase their
own gains. Let us do our duty to our country,
to its defenders, and to those at their homes de-
pendent upon the hard-earned pay of the soldiers
of the Republic.
Sir, some action is necessary; the discipline of
the Army, the good of the volunteers themselves,
the interests of their suffering families, the good
of the country demand that Congress should cor-
rect these abuses—either cut them up altogether
and supply their places, as I think may be done;
or if not, then decide what they shall sell, and
have the articles priced, and priced by men that
cannot be influenced by them in any way what-
ever. The proposition now pending is, to ask the
Inspector General, the Paymaster General, the
Gtuurtei master General, and the Commissary Gen-
eral to examine and to report what, in their judg-
ment, sutlers may sell for the good of the soldier
and for the interest of the country. Then, when
we have that list before us, if the place of sutler
can be supplied from the commissary and quarter-
master's department, without putting too great a
burden on the country, I hope we shall do away
with the class altogether; if not, I hope we shall
attempt to regulate it in some mode that shall cor-
rect the abuses that exist to-day to a fearful ex-
tent. I am sure that if Senators will examine the
subject, they will be surprised and amazed at the j
abuses that are perpetrated by this sutler system !
among the volunteers of the country. I say noth-
ing as to the regular Army. The officers of the
regular Army know how to deal with these mat-
ters, and I suppose the sutlerships in the regular
Army are generally very well regulated, and I do
not propose to touch them. But for the half mil-
lion of volunteers brought into the service of the
country, under officers that have little experience,
I hope we &hall luwe wise and beneficent legisla-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to ask the Senator a
question. A reference has been made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts (or it is in the papers
which he has read) to division and brigade sut-
leis. I should like to know from the Senator by
what authority such officers have been appointed;
under what law they are created. I have looked
through the laws and the Army regulations, and
cannot discover any authority for their appoint-
ment. I should like to know how we come to
have such officers as those fastened on us. The
Senator is informed in regard to military matters,
and can probably tell us.
Mr. WILSON. I am constrained to say to the
Senator from Iowa that I cannotanswerhis ques-
tion. I do not know. Like him,I have searched
for " the law and the testimony,'5 and have not
been able to find it.
Mr, GRIMES. We have the testimony that
the office exists.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not will-
ing to allow this opportunity to pass of expressing
my gratification that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has brought this im-
portant subjcct to the attention of the Senate. In
my judgment, it is one of the moat important
subjects that the Senate will have to consider at
this session. I am not prepared to go into the
details which have been mentioned by the Senator
from Massachusetts; but I have obtained inform-
ation enough on this subject to satisfy me that
this is a most crying evil. I am satisfied, from
the information 1 have obtained, that the sutlers
connected with the regiments of volunteers upon
an average take from the soldiers one third of
their monthly pay, and that they arc making from
the soldiers a net profit of not much, if anything,
short of a thousand dollars a month in each regi-
ment; and for this the soldiers get but very little
benefit. It is a subject that involves the interests
of humanity; it involves deeply the well-being of
our Army, and the interests of our country too;
for we are obliged to support the families of those
whose earnings are thus taken away by a set of
men who are acting under authority in receiving
their earnings. Now, sir, I would not denounce
as a body these sutlers. I have no doubt that
there are honest and conscientious men among
them; but the arrangement of this system of sut-
lership is such as to present too great tempta-
tions for wronging the soldier.
I confess I have not matured any plan on the
subject myself, but in my judgment the whole
system of sutlership should be promptly abol-
ished, and I believe that the little supplies which
are really needed, that are now furnished by sut-
lers, might very well be supplied by the quarter-
master of the regiment, or, if not by him, we might
allow him an extia. clerk for the purpose of fur-
nishing those supplies. At any rate, the present
system is not to be endure J. I think the senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the thanks of
the country for the vigilance with which he is
pushing this thing, and I hope he will go on until
lie gets this system entirely abolished.
The resolution was agreed to.
RETIREMENT OF OFFICERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] comes up regularly at this time
for consideration. It will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia be directed to inquire into the expediency of ap-
pointing a joint committee of the two Houses of Congress,
who shall have powei to retne any impiopcr or incompe-
tent officer of tiie Army or Navy, with or without pay.
Mr. WILSON. I did not attend to the reading
of the resolution. I should like to know what its
object is.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a mere resolution of
inquiry; that is all. I think it is a very important
question. I do not know that the mode suggested
in it is the best; but some action must be taken on
the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question; and
declared that the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLEPv. I think every Senator will
admit that some action should be taken in regard
to incompetent and improper officers. It is very
well known that when you order a board of mil-
itary officers for the purpose of retiring incompe-
tent officers, the oldest men in the service are put
on that board. I understand that the chairman
of one of the boards for retiring officers is eighty
years old, and of course no man under eighty
would be considered incompetent to perform mil-
itary duty by such a board. By the ordinary
method, we cannot reach the men who are really
of no benefit to the service.
I do not know whether the course of action pro-
posed by me, through a joint committee of Con-
gress, is the best course that can be pursued. My
object merely is to refer the matter to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for their examination
and report. I see no objection to it. I hope the
inquiry, at least, will be made, and I trust that
some means will be devised for getting rid of
incompetentand improper officers. vVe never can
prosecute this war to a successful issue until we '
do. Why, sir, I am informed that a very large
number of your generals in command to-day have
more sympathy with the enemy than they have
with the loyal cause. Officers holding generals'
commissions call this "a damned black repub-
lican war," and actually express their sympathy
with the enemy, I want to get rid of that kind of
officers. The man who uses such language is an
improper officer to be in command of your Army,
and yet it has been reported to me over and over
and over again that there are such men. I want
to get rid of incompetent and improper officers,
and I want to devise some way to get rid of them
promptly. You never will prosecute this war to
a successful termination until you get men in
command who mean to save the country at all
hazards.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan have satisfied me
that this resolution should not pass. I understand
that at the last session of this Congress a law
was passed providing for a board of examiners,
who were clothed with the power to dismiss from
the service any incompetent officers; but I under-
stand the Senator from Michigan as looking to
further action, and he proposes a committee of
Congress who shall have power to discharge from
the military service of the country whoever they
may choose to designate as unfit for that service.
Congress is generally composed of politicians,
and it may be that through the intervention of the
means looked to in this resolution, you would
carry the political opinions of a majority of Con-
gress into the military service of the country, and
that each and every officer differing in political
opinion from that majority would be retired from
the public service in a military capacity. I think,
sir, that the provision which is contained in the
law passed at the summer session of this body,
if executed, will answer all the exigencies of the
servicc and may result in good, while I know-
that this can do nothing but injury to the cause
of our country. Sir, the purpose which seems to
be avowed here, that the Congress of the United
States shall take control of the military service of
the country, strikes me as impolitic, and it will
be detrimental to the public service if it be per-
sisted in. Let Congress provide the ways and
means for the prosecution of the war, and leave
to the military its execution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
Michigan, by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, to amencl his resolution in a manner which I
think will free it from any objection on constitu-
tional grounds, and at the same time may open
the way to the inquiry which the Senator thinks
necessary. My suggestion is to amend it, by
striking out the clause with reference to a joint
committee of Congress, and simply instruct the
Committee on Military Affairs to inquiie into the
expediency of providing a more efficient mode of
retiring incompetent or improper officers in the
Army.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that. That is
quite as satisfactory as the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr.COLLAMER. I presume that in that form
no Senator will have any objection to the resolu-
tion, and therefore the yeas and nays need not be
taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution as it has been modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resoh-cd, That the Committee on Military Affairsandthe
Militia be directed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing a moic eflicientmodeof retiunganyimproper or incom-
petent officer ot the Ami) oi Navy, with or without pay.
