1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3011
Mr. GRIlMES. No.
Mr. POSTER. The bill he had reference to
was a bill that passed the Senate some half a dozen
years ago.
Mr. HALE. Then I have nothing to say about
that; but I have something else to say. I gave
notice some time ago that the Naval Committee
would move at this time to take up a bill from the
House of Representatives,a bill of very great con-
sequence, and I will state, as a reason for taking
it up that, at the commencement of this session,
Congress passed a bill for retiring certain officers
of the Navy, and making it the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Navy to fill up vacancies created by
their retirement, which he has not done to this date,
waiting, as I have understood, though I have it not
from him directly, for theaction of Congress on this
bill passed by the House of Representatives, and
reported last week to the Senate. I shall vote
against taking up any other bill until that bill in
regard to the grade of naval officers is taken up.
The motion of Mr. Foster was agreed to; and
the bill (S. No. 371) for the relief of Fanny
Mactier Smith was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to require the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Fanny Mactier Smith, widow
of the late Major General Charles Ferguson Smith,
of the United States Army, on the pension roll,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month, from the 1st
day of May, 1862, for and during her widowhood.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, unless it shall
be wished for by some member of the Senate, I
will not occupy the time of the Senate by stating
the reasons why the committee report the bill.
General Charles F. Smith is certainly well known
to the Senate and to the country as an officer of
the highest merit, who lost his life, it may be said,
directly in the service of his country. His widow
is left in very limited, I may perhaps say destitute
circumstances, with three minor children. The
committee thought, and we trust that the Senate
will agree to it, that the bill certainly ought to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is a very
ungracious duty to oppose a bill of this character.
I do not know that I shall oppose it, but I wish
to make a suggestion to thoJSenate before it passes.
We are now engaged in a very great war, and we
have a great many generals and high officers in
the field, and if the widows of such of them as lose
their lives by disease or in battle are to be pen-
sioned, it seems to me that it should be done by a
general law; and'we are now opening a door that
will give us infinite trouble, if we are to legislate
upon each individual case. I have in my mind
nosv, as this bill is called up, a general of my own
State, General Wallace, who distinguished him-
self at Fort Donelson by his gallantry. He led a
brigade upon that occasion, though only a colonel.
His own regiment suffered more than any other
regiment upon that bloody field. He paraded his
men the clay after the battle, and as he walked
along their shattered ranks the tears ran down his
cheeks. He was promoted for his gallantry upon
that occasion. At Pittsburg Landing, or the bat-
tle of Shiloh, as it is called, he performed a dis-
tinguished part, and fell moitally wounded. He
leaves a widow and children, I think. Now, if
we are to adopt this system, 1 think it ought to be
made general, and apply to all officers who have
distinguished themselves and have fallen in bat-
tle. General Smith fell by disease, and not in
battle' I believe; but that would probably not alter
the case; he was in the line of his duty.
I do not wish to be understood as opposing the
granting of a pension in this particular case, if it
is to be granted in other cases; but we are open-
ing a door which will lead to infinite trouble, if
we are to take up each separate case and pass
upon it. I know not how many cases there will
be before this war is over. I know that we have
heretofore pensioned the widows of certain offi-
cers. There has always been some contest about
it in the Senate, but L know that many bills of
that character have been passed. I am requested
by a Senator near me to inquire what the law now
is, what pension this lady would receive under
the existing law, and also what amount of pen-
sion she will receive by the bill, as it is left in-
definite.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; fifty dollarspermonth
is fixed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it state fifty dollars
a month?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir. The allowance for
widows of officers by law is one half the pay
proper, not exceeding half the pay of a lieutenant
colonel in any case. One half the pay proper of
an officer in the grade in which he was, not ex-
ceeding that of a lieutenant colonel, is allowed.
The widow of a major general would get thirty
dollars a month; and that is the provision made
by a bill which has come to us from the House,
and is reported back from the committee—a gen-
eral law, which has not been acted on by the Sen-
ate. That is m conformity to previous laws, and
this action of the committee was taken by them
in view of the fact of the general law, and that
this was more than the amount granted by the gen-
eral law, because such appears to have been the
action of Congress during the whole existence of
the Government. The widows of officers of less
rank than majcrgeneral have been, in divers cases,
pensioned by special act, and are now receiving
pensions from the Government of this amount.
Under such circumstances it seemed to be unjust
to set aside the widow of Major General Smith,
standing in the relation that she did to the Gov-
ernment—her husband having served most effi-
ciently and gallantly for forty years, and not
dying entirely of disease contracted in the service,
as the honorable Senator from Illinois says, for
I believe and apprehend that the Senator from
Iowa can furnish evidence that his death was in
part occasioned, not perhaps by a direct wound
in battle, but by an injury in battle which may be
considered a wound, and which was really among
the efficient causes of his death. To have his
widow, under these circumstances, stand on the
pension roll with the simple pension of thirty dol-
lars a month, when there were a large number of
other cases where widows were drawing fifty dol-
lars, seemed to the committee to be ungracious
and unjust, and they therefore reported this bill,
subject, of course, to the opinion of the Senate
and of Congress, whether it shall pass or not.
Mr. HALE. I know as well as the Senator
fiom Illinois that it is an ungracious task to op-
pose any bill of this sort; but it is to be remem-
bered that the special bills which wc have passed
heretofore have been passed ata time when we had
few pensioners and a good deal of money. Now,
sir, day by day, the enemy and disease are in-
creasing fearfully the list of those who will have
to be supported by contributions from the public
Treasury in thewayof pensions, and I think it is
well at the beginning that wc act in reference to
what wfe know must be the necessities of the Treas-
ury under the operation of a general law. I have
not the slightest feeling of opposition or unkind-
ness to this widow. If the necessities of the
Treasury would warrant it, with all my heart I
would give her $100 a month; but, sir, we must
act with reference to what we know is the con-
dition of the country, and what will be the con-
dition of the country and the condition of the
Treasury. The chairman of the Committee on
Finance, in a very able speech that he gave to the
Senate at the close of the debate on the tax bill,
estimated the expenses of pensions to be a pretty
large sum. I do not Remember the exact amount;
will lie state it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought it would be at
least twenty million dollars.
Mr. HALE. I think there is no doubt of it;
and, indeed, I think it will be larger than that.
Now, sir, let us learn a little wisdom by the course
that we pursued in the beginning of this session
in regard to general officers. We went on confirm-
ing major generals and brigadier generals cveiy
day almost, and some of the wise and sagacious
of our members—the honorable Senator from Iowa
particularly—cautioned the Senate against being
too hasly in making so many brigadiers, because
we should want to reserve these appointments for
those who might distinguish themselves in battle;
but wc went on and filled them up until we have
no place left for those who have distinguished them-
selves. Now, sir, it is a good time to begin on this
matter; I think we had better adhere to the law as
it is, and if the pension of thirty dollaisa month is
not enough, let us raise it. I have in my mind quite
anumberof other widows of generals for whom
we shall have to provide, quite as meritorious as
GeneralSmith. General BakerandGeneralLander
fell honorably discharging their duty, and if we
step from the law in this instance, we shall have to
step from it in those; and then, after we have .set
these three precedents, we shall have to allow fifty
dollars a month in every case where the law says
thirty. I have not only no objection to this lady,
but I know her; I have been acquainted with her
for years, and know her very well, and it is with
the utmost reluctance that 1 say a word against
the passage of ihis bill. I feel impelled, very re-
luctantly, by a sense of duty to interpose this
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe that I have
nothing to lay to my own charge since I have been
in Congress in reference to passing pension bills
for these large amounts. I protested against the
precedents at the time they were made, and voted
against the passage of several of them. I thought
that, although we had a full Treasury and could
afford to do it,it was a very bad precedent, and in
the individual cases there did not seem to me to be
much reason for any great liberality, but it was at
a time when gentlemen were disposed to beliberal.
I therefore feel under no sort of obligation to vote
for this on that account; and I must warn the
Senate, as they have been warned by two of the
gentlemen who have spoken, that if they begin
this there is no knowing where it will stop. This
is a most meritorious case. I am glad that the
question is presented in this form and at this time.
There cannot be one better. I think there was no
man more entitled to consideration while he lived
for his services, and whose death could afford a
strongerclaim for his family, than GeneralSmith,
and 1 dare say the lady is very well worthy of
attention, so far as she is concerned; certainly I
know nothing to the contrary. I only rose for the
purpose of letting the Senate understand my own
opinion, that we must begin somewhere to have a
regard to the condition of the Treasury, and we
may as well begin here. If the Senator from Con-
necticut will bring inageneial law increasing these
pensions we may consider the whole subject. The
danger of the individual case is that it prevents
consideration in all other cases. Men may very
well argue in favor of the widow of a friend, but
the question is whether we can set this precedent
now with safety and with a proper regard to our
duty. That question, of course, every Senator
mustjudge for himself.
Mr. GRIMES. I should do injustice to my
own feelings, and to the gallant men of my own
State who composed a part of General Smith's di-
vision, and who were led so valiantly by him in
action, ifl did not say a single word in advocacy
of this bill. The law as it now stands grades the
pensions as it grades the pay of officers of the
Army, up to the time that they reach the grade
of lieutenant colonel; but there is no ascending
scale from that rank up; and therefore the widow
of a colonel and of a brigadier general and of a
major general receive no higher pension than the
widow of a lieutenant colonel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It costs them just as much
to live.
Mr. GRIMES. We might as well say that it
costs the lieutenant colonel just as much to live
as a major general.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not.
Mr. GRIMES. It is supposed that each has
been accustomed to move in a certain ascending
scale socially, and that as their life has increased
and their years have increased, their responsibil-
ities to their families and their connections have
been increased. I suppose that is the theory on
which these grades have been established, and on
which we have heretofoie raised up the pensions
as you proceeded up in rank. As the law now
stands, Mrs. Smith would be entitled to only
thirty dollars a month, or the pension to which
she would be entitled if she was the widow of a
lieutenant colonel. Being the widow of a major
general, it is proposed to give her a pension of
fifty dollars a month, the same pension that has
been given by this Senate since I have been a
member of it to four different widows of officers,
some of them only colonels in lineal rank, no*one
of whom died in battle, and not one of whom died
until some considerable time after he had been
engaged in actual service.
Now, it is said that this will establish a prece-
dent. I do not think it will. I am willing, at any
rate, to trust myself to decide every individual
case that may be presented upon its merits, and
not to be led off to grant to every major general's
widow or every brigadier general's widow the pen-
sion that I would grant to one who is the widow of
