70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan, with the unanimous conscnt of the
Senate, may withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.' Is there any objection? The Chair hears
none.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
EXPULSION 0£ A SENATOR.
Mr, FOOT. I offered a resolution the other
day for the expulsion of a member of this body.
It is a highly privileged question, and I call for
its consideration at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont calls for the consideration of his reso-
lution. It will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted by
Mr. Foot on the 10th inst., which is as follows:
Resolved,That Waldo P. Johnson, a Senator from the
Stato of Missouri, by his sympathy with, and participation
ins the rebellion against the Government of* the United
States, has been guilty of conduct incompatible with his
duty and station as a Senator; and that he be therefor, and
hereby is, expelled from the Senate of the United States.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I believe it is a
matter of public notoriety that Mr. Johnson, a
Senator from Missouri, is in sympathy and in
direct complicity with the secessionists of his own
and other southern States. I am informed in fact,
from a reliable source, by a gentleman of high
Eosition, character, and standing, residing in St.
iouis, that Mr. Johnson is at this time in com-
mission and in command in the rebel army. As
further evidence of his sympathy and cooperation
with the rebellion against the Government, I will
ask the Clerk to read an cxtract from a speech
made by Mr. Johnson-some time ago in the State
of Missouri, and published in the St. Louis News,
which, I think, will settle the question to the sat-
isfaction of every member of the body.
The Secretary read, as follows:
[From the St. Louis Evening News, May 24.]
Secession Speech of Judge Johnson.—Feeling in the South-
west.
,y„ Stockton, Missouri, May 3. 18G1.
Judge Johnson «poke at this place yesterday. He said
the honor and safety of Missouii demanded Iter speedy
union with the southern confedeiacy. Sin; would never
dogtado herself l y toleiating an "armed neutralityLut
for the influence of States that hung out blue lights for the
enemy in the Revolution, Maryland*would never aid in the
subjugation of her sister slave States. Governor Ilieks,
who is a guasi friend of Lincoln, would force Maryland into
a fratricidal war with her friends. In view of the conup-
tion that pervades every department of the Federal Govern-
ment, and the fact that it is controlled by inveterate enemies
of southern institutions, he hoped that no citizen of Cedar
county was so degraded, so lost to houor and eveiything
that was noble, as to cafct hi* vote against an ordinance of
secession. Not to be a secessionist is to be a disgraceful ad-
vocate of negro equality; and if a man was present who
entertained "such a principle, he wanted him to hold his
head up that his ambrotjpe might be taken and sent through-
out the land with the inscription," man with a white
skin, but has a nigger's heart." The citizens of Cedar had
always sustained him, (?) and had .tided in placing him in
the responsible position of United States Senator—the next
highest office in the gift of the American people; and this
mark of respect induced him to believe that they would
continue to sustain bun.
Fellow-citizens. tally to the rescue of your adopted
State liom Black Republicanism. Lay your hands on your
hearts, and vote for an ordinance or secession. L know
you are not in favor of rogatding the woolly-headed, thick-
Jipped, ivory-toothed, black " nigger" as your equal. Do not
take the position of "policy" Orr. No, never! The gen-
tleman by my side (alluding, I suppose, to Colonel Craw-
ford, who preceded him with a strong secession speech) told
me he was glad a good Deruociaric vote killed his when he
voted for Orr. If a man was present who voted for Orr,
he invoked God to pardon the dreadful crime. Governor
Jackson had elicited the admiration of every patriot by his
patriotic conduct m refusing to respond to the requisition
of Lincoln. He favoied the passage, by the Legislature, of
an ordinance of secession, and submitting it to the people
for ratification.
His speech was enthusiastically received by secession-
ists 5 but by the Union men, it was  eceived with indigna-
tion. Mr. Johnson observing this observed that he did not
intend his language as personal. He would wound the feel-
ings of no man. He consideied every man a friend of the
South, and willing to fight for her until, by wordoor actions,
he expiefcsed himself otherwise. Z.
Mr. FOOT. The question upon this resolution,
I take it, Mr. President, as a matter of necessity, ,
must be taken by yeas and nays, it requiring a j
two-thirds vote for the expulsion of a member i
from this body, and that fact must appear on the 1
record. j
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is no doubt, sir, j
that Judge Johnson has been guilty at least of;
aiding the so-called confederates, and that it is i
good ground for expulsion from the Senate of the
United States; bur I take it that the Senate of the
United States should not assume to expel a mem-
ber from this body without, at least, some evi-
dence that he has been guilty of something unbe-
coming the character of a Senator. I do not know
myself, and have no reason to know, whether
Judge JoHNsoNhas done anything disloyal to the
Government or not. All I can say is, that while
he was in the Senate of the United States sitting
among us here, I do not believe there was a Sen-
ator upon this floor that ever heard him utter a
word of approval either of the contemplated se-
cession of his own State or of the secession of
any other State from the Union; and the only evi-
dence now furnished to the Senate for his expul-
sion seems to be rumor, or what is worse, that
which is contained in a letter said to have been
published in a paper in Missouri. Sir, it may
turn out that these rumors and these statements
are not true; and then the Senate of the United
States would have expelled perhaps an innocent
man. I move the reference of the resolution to
the Committee on the Judiciary, to i nquire whether
Judge Johnson has been guilty of any act of dis-
loyalty to the Government of the United States,
or unbecoming a Senator.
Mr. FOOT. I shall interpose no objection to
the reference of this resolution for inquiry as to
the facts upon which it is predicated. The evi-
dence is satisfactory to my mind; if it is not to
that of other Senators, I have no objection to the
reference.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, for all
my purposes, the statement of the Senator from
Vermont is satisfactory and sufficient evidence;
but this is a grave matter, and a record should be
made of the causcs that impel our action. I would
suggest, therefore, that the subject be referred to
a select committee, of which the Senator from
Vermont shall be chairman. I think it would be
better, when we undertake to expel a Senator
from this floor, that it should be done in exact
form, and for special reasons properly presented.
It docs not belong to the Judiciary Committee; I
think it belongs to a special committee. I should
like to see the Senator from Vermont chairman of
that committee; I wish to have no participation in
it myself. I can say to the gentleman, however
—and I will say it now—that at the last session,
before the adjournment in August, I thought that
Mr. Johnson discoursed treason hereon this floor.
I expressed that opinion to gentlemen, although
I had no occasion to present it for the consider-
ation of the Senate. I move a reference of the
resolution to a select committee, with the under-
standing that i do not seek a place on that com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on the reference to a standing committee.
That failing, the Senator's motion will be in oider
to refer to a select committee.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that this motion to refer
will not prevail. I can see no good to flow from
it. I believe that every Senator present is pre-
pared to vote upon the main question. I suppose
there is information enough in reference to the
present position of the Senator named in the res-
olution, to enable every Senator to make up a
satisfactory judgment as to his present condition.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me? My motive is only to make up the record
here. The Senator from New York understands
all about records. 1 think our rccord would be
more deliberately made up if we acted upon the
report of a committee.
Mr. HARRIS. It is generally understood, no
one doubts the fact, that this gentleman is now an
officer in the rebel army. It has been repeatedly
stated in the public prints, and never contradicted.
Here is the report of a speech, in perfect corre-
spondence with that 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow mc to say to the
Senator that I do not know that Mr. Johnson
holds an office in the rebel army. I know what
his conduct was on this floor, but since that time I
have not been informed in regard to him.
Mr. HARRIS. Here is the report of a speech
made by htm, in perfect accordance with his posi-
tion as it is now understood. Suppose, sir, this
reference shouldprevail,and this resolution should
be sent to the Judiciary or any other Committee,
what will that committee be able, to do? They
will simply report back the state offsets which is
perfectly well understood by the Senate now. It
is evident that the Judiciary Committee can give
no new light to the Senate on this subject. The
question will be returned by the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the Senate to pass upon it just as it
stands. I am opposed, therefore, to a reference.
I can see no positive good that will result from it;
on the contrary, I think I can see some embarrass-
ment to result from it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The resolution offered by
the Senator from Vermont is perfectly unexcep-
tionable if its statements be correct. If Mr. John-
son has been guilty of any act disloyal to the Gov-
ernment, I for one am prepared to vote for his
expulsion; and I am ready to vote for the expul-
sion of any other Senator who has been guilty of
like conduct. My objectis not to shield Mr. John-
son. To-day, for the first time, I have heard that
he is an officer in the rebel army. I hever heard
it until this morning. I never heard of that speech
until it was read from the desk by the Secretary.
"VVe all know how easy it is for letter-writers to
cast abroad throughout the country charges of
disloyalty against men who are much more loyal
than themselves. Why, sir, a similar accusation
was made against a late Senator on this floor that
he, too, was leading a regiment of rebels in Mis-
souri; and yet there was not one word of tiuth in it.
It may turn out that Mr. Johnson, who, until very
recently, 1 understand, was sojourning with his
family in Western Virginia, is just as innocent as
any Senator on this floor. There has not been one
particle of evidence presented to the Senate of the
disloyalty of this gentleman. You would not con-
vict the meanest free negro in the United States of
any offense in any court upon such testimony as
this; and yet, sir, it is proposed by the solemn
action of the Senate to expel a member from this
body upon less evidence than you would require
to convict the humblest person within the limits
of the United States of any offense against any
law. My object is not to shield Mr. Johnson if
he has been guilty of any act unbecoming a Sen-
ator, if he has done any disloyal act; but to expel
Senators upon rumor, upon accusations lightly
made, and without the power on the part of the
accused of disproving them, is certainly a novel,
and it may become a very dangerous exercise of
power. These things are to become precedents;
and hereafter, in the revolutions of political par-
ties, it may be said that some Senator entertains
a wrong sympathy or has done some act disqual-
ifying him for a seat on this floor,and your record
will be referred to as an example of the very slight
causes which have heretofore influenced the Sen-
ate of the United States in theexerciseofthishigh,
but very delicate and responsible power.
Mr. FOOT. Let the resolution be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with the instructions desig-
nated by the Senator fiom Delaware.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I understand that the posi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri is well known
to the country at large, through the ordinary chan-
nels ofpubliccommunications. Ifl recollectaright,
it is stated that us early as May last Senator John-
son delivered the speech that was attributed to him,
and thatspeech found its way into the publicnews-
papers. J understand also that it is publicly
declared that he is a leader in the rebel army.
These facts thus declared, without contradiction
on the part of any one, are sufficient to influence
my vote. Were he a true and loyal man, he would
have been the first man here at the iiist hour of
the commencement of this session, to give the lie
to so foul a charge. He is not here; nor has he
a friend to answer or speak for him. The Sena-
tor from Delaware says you would not convict a
person of the smallest charge before a jury upon
evidence like this. Sir, we are not now before a
jury tryinga jury cause; we are not now before a
jury of twelve men to settle a matter of dollars
and cents; but we are before a jury of our coun-
trymen and the world at large, and wo are called
upon to respond whether we will deliberate and
investigate with the nice technical accuracy of a
petit-jury trial upon a question of this kind. The
evidence of the publication, the evidence of the
public rumor, the evidence of the want of contra-
diction, the evidence furnished by his absence
upon an occasion when his innocence would have
spontaneously caused him to be here at the earliest
moment, is satisfactory to my mind.
Nor do I believe it can ever become a precedent,
as the Senator from Delaware supposes. I trust
in God's name there never will be an occasion for
which this will furnish a precedent. I trust we
