1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
session of Congress in certain cases, to fix a spe-
cific sum, as a kind of indemnity, for those who
contested seats in this House unsuccessfully, and
not to put them on a par with members of the
House under the statute of the United States. I
wish only to say that I shall vote for an appro-
priation that will carry out the resolution of the
House. I therefore desire to have that resolu-
tion read, for I would not vote for a dollar more
than is authorized by it to be paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman if he
will modify his amendment by inserting the exact
sum to be paid ? If so, I will vote for it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask that the resolution
adopted on this subject yesterday be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be authorized and
directed to pay to John M. Butltr, Joseph Segar, and John
Klme, contestants and claimants tor seats in this House,
whose claims have been adversely decided,mileage and
salary up to the date of such adveisc decisions respectively.
Mr. EDWARDS. I suppose that that means
mileage and salary under the law, and that the
question of how much salary these men are en-
titled to is subject to the provisions of the law. It
does not necessarily follow that they are entitled
to a year's salary, because a year has elapsed since
the commencement of this Congress. Ifthey have
attended the sessions of the House they are enti-
tled to their pay; if they were not in attendance,
their salary during their absence should be de-
ducted. I therefore would not have the precise
sum to be paid to them fixed; but the subject
should bo referred to the Committee on Mileage
for the purpose of determining what they are en-
titled to. That amount I should be willing to
vote for, as the House has once adopted this res-
olution .
Mr. JOHNSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire. I think the committee is under a wrong im-
pression as to the facts involved in the question
now before it. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. F. A. Conkling] has just stated to the com-
mittee that these gentlemen were not in attendance
here. 1 do not know how it may have been in
regard to two of these gentlemen, Mr. Butler and
Mr. Segar;butin regard to Mr. Kline, the Journal
will show that on the Gth or 7th of July—two or
three days after the opening of the called session—
I presented his petition for a seat here. I have not
had any charge of his case. I had nothing to do
with consulting him. That was the first time I
had ever seen him; but, during this session I ob-
served him here almost daily. He has been here
presenting his case before the Committee of Elec-
tions, whenever they were prepared to hear him.
The testimony taken in the ease shows that within
the thirty days fixed by law, after the October
election of 18(>0, he gave noticc of contest and that
he followed it up. The testimony returned before
the House amounts to some two hundred pages
of closely printed matter. Some testimony was
taken on the 8th of January, 1861. So that, so far
as the state of facts m regaid to Mr. Kline is con-
cerned, the gentleman from New York is in error.
In regard to Mr. Butler, his was a similar case.
He gave hisnoticeof contestabout the same time,
and testimony was taken. I have not the honor
of Ins personal acquaintance, and cannot say
whether he was m attendance or not. I presume
that he was. A large proportion of the House
voted to give him his seat, which shows that those
gentlemen were satisfied that he had a good case.
Another error which the gentleman from New
York fell into was in reference to the Oregon case.
When the legally-elected Representative from Or-
egon, the only one who hold any credentials that
had any form of law about them at all, came here
h*■' found another man occupying his seat. He
found another man's name on the i oil, placed there
by the Clerk of the former Co gies3. That gen-
tleman had been sworn and admitted to his scat.
As soon as the Committee of Elections could hear
the case they reported that the sitting member had
no shadow of right to the scat; but, under the law,
he had been prima facie admitted and sworn; and
without any order from the House, he drew his
pay and mileage, and retired. So that he was not
a contestant: he was a sort of interloper.
A Member. Squatter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, squatter; that is the term
out West. He was not a contestant. As to the
gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Segar, 1 am not
particularly informed as to his case; and I will
leave it to others who may know.
Now, as to the policy of paying these contest-
ants. If we are going to proclaim to the people
that a man who has a just right to contest a seat
in this House shall have no show here, I think
we will be establishing a very dangerous doctrine.
If a contestant is not even to receive courtesy here,
we might as well set down the arbitrary rule that
whatever the election officer returns must be taken
as a fact, and that wc cannot go behind it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I propose so to modify my
amendment as to conform exactly to the figures
which have now been presented as the sum to
\vhicl*>those gentlemen are entitled bylaw. I pro-
pose to reduce the appropriation to $9,000, (I un-
derstand the exact amounts a little less than that,)
and to add the following proviso:
Pro vided, That only so much -salary or mileage shall be
paid to either as he would have been entitled to up to the
time of his rejection if he had been duly elected.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not object to that if
the gentleman wants to put it in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Hampshire only modified his amendment, and
debate is exhausted upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood him to with-
draw his amendment and propose another.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment, but if there be no objection the
Chair will indulge the gentleman fromTcnnessce.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will detain the committee
but a few moments, and simply for the purpose
of stating what I understand to be the well-settled
practice of the House upon the subject of paying
contestants who come here for the purpose of
establishing their right to seats in the House. I
understand the practice to be established by a long
line of precedents, that when a contestant comes
here in good faith and upon probable cause,
although it may turn out that he is unsuccessful
in the results of the contest, still the contestant is
entitled to his pay and mileage.
For illustration: in the last Congress a gentle-
man came here from, I believe, the fourth con-
gressional district of Kentucky, and took his seat
in the House, upon a certificate based upon an
alleged majority of some two or three votes. A
subsequent examination of the poll-books showed
that there had been an error in the count of some
ten votes against him, giving a majority of five or
six to the opposing candidate, who thereupon
contested the election, very properly and con-
scientiously. But, upon a thorough revision of
the count, on recurring again to the poll-books, it
was found that a portion of the votes given to the
contestant were illegal votes—a fact of which he
is presumed to have been ignorant—so that upon
the whole poll,properly revised, the sitting mem-
ber was entitled to his seat. Yet the House de-
cided that inasmuch as the contest was made in
good faith, and upon probable cause, he was en-
titled to his pay and mileage.
And so I might refer to numerous precedents
running back through a long series of years. In
reference to these cases of the present session, the
House lias decided that they come within the rule
for upon solemn resolution they have declared
that the contestants shall be paid. Accordingly
the Clerk reports, that to enable him to pay them
the amounts due according to law, the sum of
$10,000, in round numbers, will be nccessary. If
the amount is more than the amount of pay and
mileage due them, no more will be paid; but if
§100 or $500 or $1,000 remains, it will immedi-
ately revert back to the Treasury. I suppose the
sum of $10,000 was named in solido as sufficient
to cover the pay and mileage required by the res-
olution of the House.
1 hope the committee, in obcdicnce to the former
action of the House, will place a sufKcientamount
in the hands of the Clerk to enable him fo execute
the resolution or order that has been made.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Edwards to
the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means was adopted.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as amended, was agreed to.
The subdivision of the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as amended, was concurred in.
The next subdivision of the Senate amendment
relating to the surveying districts of Utah "and Col-
orado Territories, was reported.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I move to amend, as
follows:
That the House do not concur in so much of Senate
amendment as abolishes the office of suiveyor general of
Nevada, and places the ^urveyorship under the control of
the surveyor general of California.
Mr. Chairman, I can see no reason for abolish-
ing the office of surveyor general of Nevada. It
is true that the amount of agricultural lands which
we have in that Territory is very limited, and that
the quantity of lands which are really valuable,
and which ought to be surveyed, will bear a pro-
portion of perhaps not more than one to a bun-
dled of the entire lands of the Territory. I have
already presented, and had referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, a bill providing the man-
ner of surveying the lands in Nevada Territory,
changing entirely the system under which the
lands in our Territory are being surveyed.
I think the condition of our Territory is such,
and the location of the lands such, that this change
ought to be made. If the system now in opera-
tion is to be continued, the consequence will be
that the proceeds of all the valuable lands in the
Territory will be exhausted in the cost of survey-
ing lands that are wholly worthless.
It is on that account that I have introduced this
bill. I have also presented to the House within
a day or two past the petitions of eleven hundred
citizens asking that a land office shall be established
in that Territory at as early a day as possible, and
that we shall not be made to wait for such arrange-
ments as this survcyorgeneralforCaliforniashall
choose to make.
I am, therefore, unable to see any good reason
why this office of surveyor general of that Terri-
tory should be abolished; nor can I see the justice
of requiring the people of that Territory to go for
the records of the surveys of their lands to a land
office in California. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment of the Senate will not be concurred in
so far as relates to the abolition of this office of
surveyor general of Nevada.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman that the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend non-concurrence in this item of
the amendment of the Senate, which, if the House
adopt, will be equivalent to the adoption of the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I was not aware that
the Committee of Ways and Means had made that
recommendation. I willwithdrawmy amendment.
The subdivision of the Senate amendment was
non-concurred in.
The next item of the amendment, relating to the
refitting, &c., of the post office in Philadelphia,
was reported.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The subdivision was concurred in.
The next amendment was that for building a
jail for the District of Columbia.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS. When,some time ago, I made
a motion to non-concur in this portion of the Sen-
ate amendment, it was discussed by everybody
except the Committee of Ways and Means, and
I do not suppose, therefore, that anybody else will
want to speak upon it again.
I desire merely to say that, in my judgment,
this is not the time to begin new works in this city.
In the first place, it seems to me, that the new jail
is needed entirely for the inhabitants of the city
and District. Nobody who comes here to Con-
gress wants to use a jail, [laughter;] and why we
should build a jail for the thieves and pickpockets
of the District, I do not know. If we do, this is
not the time to commence one.
Rut more than that, when you have expended
this $100,000, you will have to vote next year
$100,000 more, and the next year $100,000more,
and so on. I have seen the way these matters
always work. Yourlimitation practically amounts
to nothing. Now, I want this war to be finished.
I want to be entirely sure who is to have posses-
sion of this capital before we enter upon any new
building. What would be said of a proposition to
build a new War Office at this time? Would it not
