1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. "Within
your hearing?
Mr. STEVENS. I have often heard himimakc
the declaration, and I have heard Henry Clay
make the same declaration.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I can only
say that Mr. Adams's entire public record is to
the contrary.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, the doctrine the
gentleman now avows is one which I never heard
avowed by a public man until to-day. It is a new
doctrine. It is wholly new. Why, sir, if Ken-
tucky should to-morrow abolish slavery within
her limits, without compensation, 1 do not say it
would be right, but I say she has the power. And
so in regard to'abolishing slavery in the District
of Columbia. I do not say that Adams ever voted
for it; nor did I ever vote for such a measure until
this year.* I have avowed my opinion, however,
on more than one occasion, in favor of the meas-
ure, whenever the time should come, but I did not
think it had come. If 1 had believed, at any
former period, that the proper time had come I
should have voted for it. I have followed,in this
respect, at an humble distance, in the footsteps of
the sage of Giuincy.
Now, sir, in respect to this question of prop-
erty, I say that when the local laws make it prop-
erty it is property. Butitisnotpropcrty anywhere
else. It is not property before any other tribunal
nor before any other legislature.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the local
laws of the District of Columbia made slaves prop-
erty? Did the gentleman from Pennsylvania vote
to tax them as property ?
Mr. STEVENS. Did I vote to lay a tax upon
slaves ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I voted to tax every man
who held these persons to service two dollars for
every person so held.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Did you
vote to tax the person held to service?
Mr. STEVENS. I voted to lay a tax on every
man who held another to service or labor.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Did you
vote to tax them as persons?
Mr. STEVENS. I voted to lay a tax of two
dollars for each person so held.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman answer the question whether he voted
for it as a personal tax?
Mr. STEVENS. I did not vote for it as a poll
tax.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Did you
vote for it as personal tax?
Mr. STEVENS. I do notknow what the gen-
tleman means by peisonal tax.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then I
understand the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to say he docs not know the
meaning of the expression personal tax or tax
on persons?
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I voted for it in the
shape I have mentioned.
Now, sir, what I mean to say is this: that never
before having heard this doctrine, never expect-
ing to believe it, and never expecting any large
portion of the members of this House, or of the
people of the free States, will believe it; never sup-
posing that any man but one who is tender-footed
upon the subject of slavery will ever seek any
excuse for voting against this bill, I pass by this
point without remarking further upon it. I am
very glad to have been interrupted by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, for I received some new
ideas upon the subject that it is well enough to
know.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. A new idea
will certainly be a benediction to you. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, this is a hill to
prohibit slavery everywhere where Congress has
exclusive jurisdiction. One class ofcases to which
the hill applies is the navy-yards and the dock-
yards.
Now, sir, there are not usually many inhabit-
ants in those places who own slaves, but there
arc some. The officers live there, and some of
them own slaves. It will affect them, of course,
but the biil is not intended to affect anybody own-
ing slaves who does not live there. The fugitive
slave law would operate there just as it would
operate in the District of Columbia and in all the
Territories. It applies to those who hold slaves
in those places, and to nobody else.
Now, it is said that although we have exclusive
jurisdiction over these places, and that therefore
the Constitution may not operate to permit the
passage of the bill, though I understood the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island to intimate that it would
operate there; but, generally speaking, the argu-
ment has been that although it would not operate
to prevent the passage of this bill abolishing sla-
very in those places, over which Congress has
exclusive jurisdiction, yet there is a matter of
faith in it. That I understand to be the argument
of my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield.]
We are told that some of the Territories have
been ceded to the United States upon the express
condition that they should make no law liberating
the slaves within those Territories. Undoubtedly
theprovisionsofthatcession ought to be respected.
It would not only be in bad faith, but, in myjudg-
ment, it would void the whole if Congress re-
fused to comply with the conditions, unless they
were assented to under protest at the time of ces-
sion.
But, sir, \ do not know of one single spot of
territory that is now in that condition. Every one
of those Territories that were affected by that con-
dition in the grant have passed long ago into sov-
ereign and independent States. No man I suppose
will contend that the provisions of the cession
after they became States bound them any more
than the Wilmot proviso, which was applied to
certain Territories, would bind them, after they
became States, forever from establishing slavery
within their limits.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvaniadocsnotrecognizeany
authority of mine.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes, I do.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will he
allow me, then, to call his attention to the case
of Green vs. Biddle, reported in 8 Wharton, in
which it is determined that the condition attached
to the cession by the State of Virginia of theter-
tory constituting the State of Kentucky, attached
to the grant after Kentucky bccame a State? A
decision in direct conflict with the doctiine stated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not speaking of the
question of property. I am speaking of political
action, and the gentleman ought by this time to
have known it.
I say if the Wilmot proviso is applied to aTer-
ritory as it now applies to the Territory of Ne-
braska, and that Territory were to become aState,
would it prohibit the Legislature of that State
from introducing slavery there?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman say that if Nebraska were erected into
a State she could introduce slavery by her local
laws ?
Mr. STEVENS. I say that any independent
government can regulate the subject to suit itself.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Suppose
the Territory were now being erected into aState,
would she be capable of establishing slavery
within her territorial limits? I ask the gentleman
to answer yes or no.
Mr. STEVENS. If she formed a constitution
with slavery in it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is not
an answer to the question.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust the gentleman will not
take up all my time. If she formed a constitu-
tion with slavery in it, came here for admission
into the Union, and her constitution was accepted,
and she admitted under it, I say it would be a
valid law, and a valid portion of the constitution.
If there is any such thing as the right of the peo-
ple of any locality by their local authorities to
establish slavery anywhere, she could do it as well
as any other State. And so also could those States
formed of the territory to which allusion has been
made abolish slavery. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that the grant of cession of the territories
now constituting the States of Tennessee and Mis-
sissippi would so operate as to prohibit those
States from abolishing slavery now, or that the
condition of the grant was such a,s that they could
not abolish slavery after they became States?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Certainly
not.
Mr. STEVENS. The ghost of the sage of
Gtuincy will turn palor the more he hears of the
doctrines of his successor in this Hall. I mean
no disrespect to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I am only speaking of his doctrines.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to say that if he means no
"disrcspect his course is a singularly unhappy one.
Professions in the presence of facts are not worth
over much. Does the gentleman recollect the lines
of Dryden?
" His preaching much, but more liis practice wrought
A living sermon of the truths he taught."
Mr. STEVENS. I do not exactly see the ap-
plication of the gentleman's quotation. I do not
either give him my advice or my censure. Cen-
sure is beyond my jurisdiction, and my advice
would do him no good. [Laughter.) It is said
that this is simply a question of good faith. I
agree with the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sheffield] that in the case he has referred to, we
should not abolish slavery in the Territory so
long as it was a Territory, but the moment it be-
came an independent State, and by virtue of that
independence the State Legislature granted to the
Government of the United States land for public
works and exclusive jurisdiction over that land,
then from that moment no question of honor or
good faith attaches. I ask any gentleman to show
me in any one of these grants where it is not pro-
vided that exclusive jurisdiction shall be conferred
upon the United States. I have looked them all
through, and so far as I remember, in every grant
from the States to the United States, exclusive
jurisdiction over the ceded territory is conferred
upon the Government of the United States. I do
not think that there can be any question upon this
point at all, for the jurisdiction, in all cases of
grants by the States to the Federal Government,
is exclusively confined to the United States.
I have a word to say about one or two other
things, since I have been drawn into the discus-
sion thus far. In regard to vessels upon the high
seas, we have been told that there is a question of
the law of nations with which this bill would in-
terfere. I admit the law of nations which governs
the intercourse between nations; but that has noth-
ing at all to do with the muncipal relations of a
Government—the relations between the Govern-
ment and its citizens, I never supposed that the
law of nations was made for the purpose of reg-
ulating the relations between the Government and
its citizens; but that it related to the intercourse
of nations with each other. Now, if a slave goes
out on board of a vessel from Charleston, so long
as that slave remains on that vessel, we having
made no law to the contrary, that slave is on the
soil of Charleston; for the deck of the vessel is the
the soil of the State, and the laws of the State gov-
ernment govern the deck of that vessel. But the
moment that slave goes into Jamaica, what then
becomes of the gentleman's national law? The
slave becomes as free as air the momenthe touches
that foreign territory, and the protests of all the
world cannot reduce him again to bondage.
Have we a right to legislate in regard to the
coasting trade? The Congress of the United
States has power to regulate commerce on the high
seas, and between the States; and if Congress
chooses to prohibit upon any vessels a particular
species of property, it has the right to do it; and
the moment we pass a law that no slave shall be
transported in any vessel, we have regulated the
commerce of the country so as to make him free.
I am glad, however, that the provision was stricken
out of this bill, although it is not unconstitutional,
because Congress has the right to regulate com-
merce between the States as well us upon the high
seas.
Mr. Speaker, I have observed that wherever
the main principles of a bill are obnoxious to gen-
tlemen, they are cunning in seeking out small and
trivial objections, and magnifying them and ar-
guing that they are destructive of the measure.
We hear again and again the objection that there
is some doubt of the bad faith in passing a prop-
osition like this. Now, have we ever promised
that we would not abolish slavery wherever we
had the powci ? What do you mean by faith ? A
promise given that wc will do or that we will not
do a cortain thing ? Where is the indication that
we have ever given a promise on the part of the
United States to establish slavery or to tolerate
slavery wherever we had jurisdiction, so that the
abolition of it would subjeet us to the imputation
