1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i mi
be madness? Let us wait a year; let us wait at
least sixty days—iji which time some gentlemen
tell us we are to conquer the South—and see
whether the South are conquered. 1 hope this
amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr.ELIOT. Mr.Chairman,whenthisamend-
mentof the Senate was before the committee half
an hour ago, I was disposed to object to the state-
ments which were made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] and to ad-
dress the committee upon one or two of the sug-
gestions which fell from him; and, in the first place,
that in regard to the citizens of this District. Since
that time, however, it has occurred to me that the
gentleman was probably referring to persons other
than the residents of the District of Columbia. I
have known something of the citizens of this Dis-
trict and something of the residents of Washing-
ton for so many years that I cannot but believe
that when the gentleman from New York anath-
ematized the whole of them in the language which
he used, he was referring to a class of persons
who are not those who would properly be charac-
terized as the resident citizens of Washington city.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr.Chairman,
I did not intend to allude either to persons resi-
dent in the District or to strangers coming here.
The remark which the gentleman doubtless refers
to was that in respect to public facilities and hos-
pitalities, and I referred to hotel facilities, and to
the ten thousand other things which go to make up
the public facilities of a place. Nothing was fur-
ther from my intention than to refer to private
hospitalities or to the residents of the District.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I think, when the gentle-
man from New York comes to read the remarks
which he made before, he will be glad that I have
given him this opportunity for explanation; for
certain it is that the impression made by his re-
marks upon gentleman in this part of the House
was very different from that which his present
explanation will permit to remain.
Now, one word as to the legislation of Congress
in regard to matters of this description pertaining
to the District of Columbia. Why, Mr. Chaii-
man, we must either legislate on them or else we
must discontinue legislation for the District. We
are the only tribunal to which the citizens of this
District can look for legislation of this kind. Who
built the jail that is now here ? Did the city of
Washington build it? The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means makes no reply. I
undertake to say that it was built by the General
Government. I know that it was owned by the
General Government years ago. And, Mr. Chair-
man, I do not know that I shall not ac;iee with
the chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, if he will introduce some system which
will separate the District from Congress in some
way, and give them some independent existence,
with a right here upon the floor to make them-
selves and their wants known.
Mr. STEVENS. Has not the city of Wash-
ington already a municipal government under
wluch they could do all these things for them-
selves if they only had the energy?
Mr. ELIOT. It has a municipal government
undoubtedly; but the gentleman knows—and no
one knows better—that we are the Legislature for
the District. The Committee for the District of
Columbia is the medium through which the Dis-
trict of Columbia communicates with Congress,
and it is perfectly well known to all of us that so
longas this mongrel system exists there must be
these difficulties continually arising year by year,
when propositions are made and objected to be-
cause, upon the one hand j demands are made which
are believed to be improper; and upon the other,
ehatges are made against the citizens of the Dis-
trict, which arc oftentimes unfounded.
I want now, sir, to say a few words about this
jail. I say that it ought not to remain there one
day. I say that it ought to remain there no longer
time than is needful for the mechanics to take brick
from brick and stone from stone. It is a disgrace
to the city, a disgrace to the District, a disgrace j
to the nation, and a disgrace to humanity. That j
jail and the manner in which it is kept are of- '
fenses that are rank; and, sir, they should be
abated.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways? and
Means says that we ought not at this time to
spend money for the erection of public institu-
tions here, Now j as ageneral proposition} I agree
to that; but if he had been within that jail as I
have been—[laughter]—ay, as I have been; and
there is many a man who has committed no more
offense than I have who has been there as a con-
vict; but I have been there as a visitor; and if the
gentlemen who now laugh will go there as vis-
itors, they will come heie with one voice to say
that that institution should be demolished.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman mean
the institution which brought those men there?
Mr. ELIOT. I mean the building which keeps
them there.
Mr. STEVENS. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, and move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view of closing nil debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the remaining amendments of the
Senate close in half a minute after the committee
shall resume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly again resolveditsclfinto the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the Senate amendments.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want to occupy
the half minute allowed for debate to state to gen-
tlemen what the rate of taxation here is. The
highest rate of taxation in this city in the past
was seventy-five cents on $100; and in the cty of
New York, for example, it is two dollars on ^J00.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the gentleman that the rate of taxation in this
city is high compared with the country generally.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It is not as high
as the taxes in my city are,for instance.
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to know to what
extent the corporation of this city have the right
to impose taxes?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. We have the
power to give them the right to impose taxes to
any amount.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for de-
bate has expired.
The question was then taken on the clause of
the Senate amendment under consideration; and
it was non-concurred in.
The last clause of the twenty-ninth amendment
of the Senate, authorizing the appointment of an
Assistant Secretary of the Interior, was then read.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill and amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tiie Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticulaily the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto, and had directed him to report it
to the House with the recommendation that some
of the amendments of the Senate be concurred in,
some non-concurred in, and others concuned in
with amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
By unanimous consent, the recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was concurred in in reference to all the
amendments of the Senate, excepting the two men-
tioned below, upon which separate votes were
asked.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to bp
u^on the amendment of the Senate in reference to
a jail for the District of Columbia, upon which a
separate vote had been asked by Mr. Sheffield.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in—ayes 40, noes 57.'
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER decided that the call came too
late.
Mr. WICKLTFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 40; as follows:
Uonklmg, Eoscoe Conkling, Corning, Cutler, Davis,
:n, Eilgerton, Etivvauls, I-'iank, Haight, Hale, Hail,
A. Conkling
Diven, Edge , ,
Harding, Harrison, ffohnan, ffooper, Horto'n, Hutchlns!
Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Killinger/
Loom is, Lovejoy,MeI'iierson,Moorlicad, Justin S. Morrill,
Noble, Patton, I'omcroy, Porter, Potter, John II. Ilice, Rob-
inson, Edvvaid II.Rollins, Sargent, Shdlabarger, Sherman,
Htcvons, Van Vallcenbuigii, Wadsworth, Wall, Charles W.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Wlxaley, Albert S. White, Windom,
Worcester, and Wright—63.
Lehman, Mallory,May,Maynard,Menzies, Nixon, Nugeii,
Pendleton, Alexander II. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, James
ft. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sloan, John B. Steele,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Ward, Webster,
Wicklifle, and Wilson—40.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. ALLEY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bailey, was confined to his house by illness.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Dawes, was absent from the
city attending the committee that was engaged in
cleansing thp Augean stable of Government con-
tracts.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
The question recurred on the Senate amendment
in regard to the Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
on which a separate vote had been asked by Mr.
Duell; and the amendmentwas non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsidcr the sev-
eral votes upon the amendments of the Senate;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS,
Mr. R'OLLINS, of New Hampshire, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to provide for the
folding and distribution of documents for the
House of Representatives; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Accounts, and ordered to be printed.
ST. LOUIS COMMISSION.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Senate joint resolution
No. 22.
And then, on motion of Mr. RICHARDSON,
(at five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 6,1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CLERKS IN TUB SECRETARY'S OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, in com-
pliance with the eleventh section of the act of
August 26', 1842, showing the names and compen-
sation of the persons employed in his office during
the year 1861; which was ordered to he on the
table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying that the office and
dignity of a full major general may be conferred
upon General John E. Wool, and that his rankas
such take effect from the time when his commission
of major general bears date by brevet; which was
