2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
of having acted in bad faith? We have never
given any such promise, nor have we ever plighted
the faith of the Government to establish or toler-
ate slavery whenever we had jurisdiction over the
subject; and, therefore, when we propose, as we
do by this bill, to abolish slavery exclusively
under the jurisdiction of the United States, we
cannot be justly accuscd of committing any act of
bad faith. Other gentlemen may justify them-
selves for their opposition to this measure by
making such criticisms; but, for one, I cannot go
with them. I do not believe that they have any
foundation for the objections which they inter-
pose; I dislike slavery, and I am willing to go
every way I can to abolish it. There are ojhers
who are loud in their protestations of dislike of
slavery, and yet when they come to a practical
proposition for its abolition,where we clearly have
the power in the premises, they meet us with all
sorts of objections. We are told not to do this
thing now, because it will offend those who are
engaged in this southern rebellion. It may, per-
haps, wo are told, oft'ond Jeff Davis. Jeff Davis
is no doubt a very good man—as good, at least,
asany of those who are with him in this rebellion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The gentleman mistakes
me. I said that some gentlemen, by their action
in this House, seemed to afford all the aid they
could to JHf Davis.
Mr. STEVENS. I am saying nothingagainst
the gentleman personally, but I am only replying
to his argument. It will be very difficult for me
to bring myself to say anything which can justly
be considered offensive to my friend from Rhode
Island. I think the doctrine which he has given
us on this subject is like that of the story which
lhave no doubt wo all have heard: a captain, who
was a little timid, unlike my friend, raised a com-
pany to go outand fight the British—it may be that
they were from Rhode Island, [laughter]—and
when his company were brought in front of the
enemy, he cried out, when they weie about to
shoot, " For God's sake, don't nre, for don't you
see it will only make them a great deal madder!"
[Laughter.] The rebels are mad now, according
to the gentleman, and we ought not to exercise the
power confened upon us in this instance, bccausc
it will make them a i^reat deal madder!
Mr. Sfl EFJl'HELD. I have heard another story,
and it may be the man was from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not purpose to havcany
difficulty with the gentleman.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Neither do I with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, for 1 would as soon
get into difficulty with a porcupine !
Mr. STEVENS. Thegentleman could not get
me to «ay an unkind thing against him. It is not
in my heart to do so.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have discussed this ques-
tion longer than I intended; and I promised the
gentleman from Illinois to renew the call for the
previous question, which I will now do if he de-
sires it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will take the floor myself,
and after withdrawing the question to recommit,
I will demand the previous question on the bill.
Mi. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me foi a moment?
Mr. FISHER.. Ih ave some remarks to make
on the subject, and I trust I will be permitted to
do so before the previous question is called.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I cannot yield to anybody.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman decline to give me the floor?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Of course I do. I have an
hour m which to close this debate, and I will yield
him a portion of my time if he desires it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and !
the gentleman knows very well that if it is made,
it ought to be made at once.
On a division on seconding the demand for the
previous question, there were—ayes 50, noes 66.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for \
the previous question, and renew my motion to j
recommit the bill.
Mr. COX. I also renew my amendment to the j
motion to recommit. ,
Mr.THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak- '
er, I am not to be dt awn into the discussion of this i
general question. I asked, as I supposed I well !
might,a very respectful question of the gentleman '
from Pennsylvania, and I met, as I ought to have-i
expected, with anything else but a courteous re-!
ply. I have long observed in this House, when-
ever any position taken by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means is attacked, his
usual resort is to ridicule, 1 will not say to man-
ners which do not become a gentleman, but to the
semblance of such manners.
The SPEAKER. Such remarks are hardly in
order.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If the
Speaker had seen the difficulty before, it would
have pleased me. Did the Speaker hear the com-
parisons of the gentleman from Pennsylvania ?
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen cannot indulge
in personalities, and when they arc indulged in,
he will call members to order.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If the
Speaker will indicate the personality, I should be
happy to hear it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts to the
fact that my venerable friend [Mr. Stevens] is
not in his seat.
Mr. DAWES. And I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the fact
that his colleague just went out as my colleague
rose to reply. [Laughter.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is not
the first time that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has done so.
Mr. Speaker, I do not object to a fair applica-
tion of parliamentary rules to gentlemen on the
floor of this House. I am ready to abide by them,
and I never expect to violate them; but I under-
stand my rights, and all I ask is thedispensation
of equal justice as between the menibei s of this
House. 1 do not mean to be drawn into this gen-
eral discussion. I was so foitunate, as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] said,
to put a newidqa into his head. If it was a sound
point of constitutional law, it was a new idea in
his head, [laughter,] and it must have felt there
like a mouse in a strange garret—altogether out
of place in his head. [Renewed laughter.]
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, plants
himself upon this distinct ground of law, to which
I hold him before the House and the country:
that for the interest which a man holds in persons,
(commonly called slaves,) call it property, right of
service, or by what name you please, he is liable
to be taxed as for property, and yet not as a capi-
tation or personal tax; that, under the Constitution
of the United States, and under the express lan-
guage of that Constitution which provides that
private property shall not be taken for public use
without just compensation, you have the right to
take that interest or right of service without com-
pensation. It is property for taxation, but not for
compensation. If a sound mind can rest upon
that position, very well. Hut for a very able man,
holding the position of chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to say upon the floor of
the House that for the divesting of that property
which he holds you have a right to tax, you
should notafforda fair or justcompensation when
you take it by the right of eminent domain, is to
me new and strange doctrine. Such an assertion
few men beside thegentleman from Pennsylvania
would be bold enough to make.
I may say, Mr. Sneaker, and I hope within par-
liamentary rules, that for any fair, constitutional
argument, however honest and sincere may be the
conviction of the person who utters it, however
deep may be his sense of the value of the doctrine
to the country, and however strongly he may feel
that, in a struggle and crisis like this, those who
are seeking to enforce the laws must obey the laws,
those who arc seeking to maintain the Constitu-
tion must be faithful to the Constitution; for a quiet
and firm recognition of thatfidelity to which we are
sworn; for loyally to thatsupremelaw upon which
depends to-day the life of the country, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has often nothing but
coarse ridicule and antique jokes. Not so, in my
humble judgment, are the great issues of the hour
to be solved and our solemn duties discharged.
Mr. FISHER obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. With the permission of thegentle-
man from Delaware, I wish simply to ask the Chair
whether I can so^ modify my motion as to make it
independent of the motion for the postponement of
this subject until the first Monday ol* December
next. I do not want my motion .my longer to
depend upon thatofthe gentleman fiom Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can modify
his instructions if he pleases.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to make a motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Dela-
ware is entitled to the floor. The gentleman from
Ohio asks him to allow him to make amotion.
Mr. FISHER. What is it?
Mr. COX. It is to postpone this matter until
the first ^Monday of December next.
Mr. FISHER. I have no objection to that mo-
tion being made, as I was going to make a similar
motion myself.
Mr ROSCOE CONKL1NG. Before that is
Delaware yield to the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his instructions and move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until the
first Monday of December?
Mr. FISHER. I do not wish to yield the floor
if it will cut me off from speaking.
The SPEAKER. If the motion is made, debate
must be confined to the question of postponement.
Mr. FISHER. Then I cannot yield.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have the con-
sent of the gentleman from Delaware to make a
suggestion, which will not interfere with his
wishes. My own opinion is, that this bill would
not be injured, even though no vote should be
taken upon it until the people vote again in a con-
gressional election, as they are to do within five
or six months. Nevertheless, I want to make to
the gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
Delaware, who now control the motion to be made,
this suggestion: about a week ago this House,
with gicat unanimity, so far as this side of the
House is concerned, upon deliberation, raised a
selectcommittee, and to thatcommittec committed
this very subject, this whole subject of confisca-
tion and emancipation every where within the ju-
risdiction of the United States. I understand that
committee is now ready to report. My sugges-
tion is, that that committee being nearly ready to
give an account to the House of its stewardship
—quite ready, some gentleman says—it would
be well, perhaps courtesy toward them, to com-
mit this bill to that committee and let it reappear,
if it is to appear at all, when they shall have given
us their work, and we have an opportunity to sec
whether this present purpose is within the scope
of the two bills which I understand they mean
to report. It strikes me that would be a prac-
tical way of disposing of it.
Mr. FISHER resumed the floor, but yielded to
Mr. STRATTON, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at half past four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 12, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
Secretary of the Inteiior:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, May 10, 1862.
Sir: Immediately after the parage of the joint resolu-
tion of the IGth ultimo, transferiing the aupeivc-ion of the
Capitol extension and the election of the new dome to tin*
Depaitinent, T dneeted the architect to make a eaieful and
minute examination of those works, and io leport to me
thou present condition, with hio opinion as to the best mode
o! pieservmg the unfini.-hed pontons of the Capitol from
nijUiy by the element*, and titc cost of so doing, and also
to piepate an e&limAte of the amount that would ptobably
be required to complete the works, exclusive of ail orna-
mental and decorative deMgns.
It would seem fiom his report that eonsideiable damage
has already been sustained, and that while the unfini-hed
portions of the building may for a lime be partially protected
iiom lurthei injury by an expendituie ot about fifteen han-
dled dollais, there is a large quantm of dieted manual
lynta exposed upon theground, already paid ioi by the Uni-
ted States, which cannot be effectually piutected otlictwise
than by being set m the building.
1 fully concur in the opinion expievsed by the architect,
that.nndei the circumstance*, the inteiestsfot the Govern-
ment and the truest economy will b",^t be promoted by
pi the woi k on the extension ot the buiMimr to com-
pletion with :t~ little delav a-' pos-ible ; but a< 1 he joint ics-
oJution provides 'Mliat no money lierctoioie appiopiiated
shall be expended upon the Capitol until autnoi i/,ed In Con-
gies-, except so much as i* accessary to pio'eet the building
