7.2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
to give to the Navy,' as is given to the Army, avi
opportunity to seek for and avail itself of merit
wherever it may be found.
Section seventh needs no explanation. It sim-
ply authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to cause
two hundred '* medals of honor" to be struck,and
to bestow them upon such petty officers, sailors,
and marines as shall'most distinguish themselves
by gallantry in action and by othor seamanlikc
qualities. This will furnish a great stimulus to
exertion on their part. It is useless to attempt
to establish any rule by which the men in the
Navy shall be encouraged to brave deeds by pro-
motion. Nine tenths of them would prefer a
" medal of honor," won in some bloody conflict,
and worn upon the breast on inspection days, to
the highest commission the President could bestow
upon them.
The last scction fixes the hours of labor at the
several navy-yards, and the compensation there-
for, at the average time worked and price paid at
the merchant ship-yards in the same vicinity.
For many years the compensation paid for labor
by the Government has been greater than at pri-
vate yards, with two hours more labor per day at
the private than at the national yards. TIarce
different Secretaries of the Navy have issued cir-
culars directing a change in this particular, and
requiring the time and the compensation to cor-
respond with those established in yards at the
same port; but such influences were brought to
bear upon these officers by master-workmen and
Congressmen as to induce a speedy revocation
of the order. In case there may be any differ-
ences among the various private yards on this
subject, the power is conferred by the bill upon
the commandant of the yard to ascertain the aver-
age, as near as may be, and to establish the rule
that shall prevail within his own superintendency.
I have no doubt there arc many who have served
their country longand faithfully, who believe that
the provisions of this bill arc unjust in its appli-
cation to them. Like most old men, they fancy
that at sixty or seventy years of age they have
all the energy, activity, and enterprise of their
youth. They will claim great merit on account
of their superior experience, forgetting that the
seascrvicc of very few of them has been greater
than that of even the older lieutenants on the list,
and that men, when they pass a certain period of
their lives, are quite as likely to forget the past
as to acquire new ideas and new resources for the
future. Pensacola, Norfolk, and the disaster (for
it can bo called nothing else) at the mouth of the
Mississippi, have taught us a valuable lesson on
this subject, and it would be well for us to heed it.
But this will be unjust to no one. It provides
for placing every man on duty who is fit for it,
with the full pay of his grade. It simply, in this
respect, confers upon the younger officers, who
are compelled to do the work without rank and
without the pay that corresponds to their labor,
the rank and the pay that do correspond with it;
and it does justice to the country by retiring the
old and effete officers upon a little more than half
pay, but which is fully adequate to their support,
and by giving warm blood and new life and en-
ergy to this important branch of the public service.
Surely, sir, there ought to be no objection to
that provision of the bill which authorizes the
President to select a fia<£ officer from the two high-
est grades of officers. 1 he highest public interests
require that this be allowed, and allowed at once.
The organization of the Navy at present is anal-
ogous to that of a regiment in the Army without
field officers, the oldest cap tain commanding when-
ever the companies might be consolidated in a
body. It would bequiteabsurd to organize a whole
army upon sucha plan,giving the command of it
to that captain whose birth was nearest the flood;
yet the Navy is organized upon precisely that
plan. The bill now under consideration, if passed
into a law, will abolish this hoary-headed absurd-
ity, and give to the President an opportunity to
select, as the commandcrs of our fleets, men in the
prime of life, with minds and bodies in their full
vigor.
I by no means say that this bill contains the
best provisions for the efficiency of the naval ser-
vice that can be devised. Doubtlessafewmonths5
experience may suggest some important modifica-
tions of it. It is hot exactly as 1 would have it
myself were 1 the sole judge of the matter; and I
do not commit myself to a persistent adherence to
it in all respects. I only believe that it is the best
measure that can be matured and agreed upon at
this time, and as such I vote for it.
Mr. HALE. This bill, as it has been reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, had the
unanimous assent of the committee; and I sup-
pose nobody will dissent from its general charac-
teristics now; but I am constrained to say that a
little reflection and consultation with some officers
of the Navy, who stand very high in the public
confidence, have induced mo to doubt whether the
period that we have fixed in this bill for retiring
officers is not a little too stringent. It proposes
that everybody whose name has been forty years
on the Navy Register shall be retired absolutely.
The general average age at which young men
enter the Naval Academy is fifteen years; and
this bill would retire every officer of the Navy at
the age of fifty-five, providing they entered at that
general age. It would retire to-day Captain Du-
pont, who has been longer upon the list than that,
and Mr. Goldsborough, and very soon after Mr.
Foot, who has not been quite forty, but over
thirty-nine years on the list—three of the best
officers of the Navy.
I understand that in the French navy they re-
tire at the age of sixty-two, seven years later than
is proposed here. The Secretary of the Navy
recommends that officers be retired after having
been forty-five years on the naval list. I have
thought, as this is a pretty radical measure—and
I have no doubt, in its general features, a measure
that is eminently required for the public service—
that it would be a little more in consonance with
the views of the public to modify it a little, and
instead of regulating the time at which an officer
of the Navy should be retired according to the
period he had been on theNaval Register, it would
be better to fix an age, the number of years that
he has lived. I have thought that a compromise
of the various views on this subject would better
meet the expectations of the public, and do essen-
tial justice, as this is a beginning, by substituting
sixty-five years of age, instead of any period on
the Naval Register.
It has been suggested by some in consultation
that it would be difficult to ascertain precisely the
age of these officers, because, until a very late
period, they have not been required to give in their
ages at the time they were appointed; but I think,
practically,there will be no great difficulty in that
respect. The Secretary of the Navy could require
every officer of the Navy lo state on honor what
his age was, and then a record could be made of
it. I believe now they arc required to give it.
Though I shall vote for this bill whether this
amendment be adopted or not, because I think it
is one that the public necessity eminently requires,
I think as we arc making a beginning, it will be
a little too radical to strike so hard a blow as it
will be to say that every officer who has been forty
years on the Register shall be retired. That would
retire every officer at fifty-five. I presume a ma-
jority uf the Senate are fifty-five years of age; or,
if they arc not, they will be very soon. It is true
there is a saving clause left by which the Presi-
dent may put these gentlemen upon duty; still I
think it would be better, in the first instance, not
to strike so radical a blow; and therefore I will
move to strikeout from the first section the third,
fourth, and fifth lines, and the word " years" in
the sixth line, and substitute in lieu thereof:
That cvciy naval officer sixty-five yeais of age shall bo
letircd tiom active service, and his name entered on the re-
tit cd lisjt of otliceisof the grade to which he belonged at the
time of such letiiement.
As I said, sir, I am not strenuous on this point,
and shall vote for the bill whether the amendment
be adopted ornot. This is not my own view only;
for it is a view I have come to on consultation
with some of the best officeis of the Navv.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr, President, I concurred
m this bill at the time it was before the Committee
on Naval Affaiis, and approve of its general feat-
ures now; but the objection taken, by the Sena-
tor from New llampshiie is, I think, well taken.
Many officers of the Navy are now appointed at
the age of twenty or thirty. Under this bill, tho.-e
officers would not be retired until they were sev-
enty years of age, while educated officers who
entered the Naval Academy at the nge of fifteen,
and whose names arc therefore entered on the
Naval Register from the age of fifteen, would be
retired at the age of fifty-five years. This dis-
criminates against the educated officer, and in favor
of one who is .taken from private service. In ad-
dition to that, upon examination it was found that
this bill would retire from active duty three or four
of the best officers of the Navy. It is true a sub-
sequent section will provide for them; but it will
make them exceptional cases at the discretion of
the Executive. It seems to me it would not be
wise to put these gentlemen in that position. I
think, therefore, the modification suggested by
the Senator from Now Hampshire would be a wise
one: to strike out of the third line of the first sec-
tion the words " the name of," and to strike out
of the fifth line the words " have been borne on
the Naval Register forty years," and insert " ar-
rive at the age of sixty;" so that the section will
read thus:
That whenever any naval officer now in the service, or
who may heieafter be in the service of the United States,
shall arrive at the age of sncty yearn, lie shall be letired
ft0111 active service, and his name enteied on the retired
listof officers of the grade to which he belonged at the time
of such retirement.
I think the age of sixty years is better. It is
true, in the French service naval officers are retired
at the age of sixty-two; but as this bill leaves
open to naval officers many important employ-
ments, I think it would be better to take the age
of sixty instead of sixty-five.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will both discover that if they undertake to
pass a bill here that will suit all of the various na-
val officers who may be affected by it, or whose
friends may be affected by it, or who may use
their influence to have it changed this way or that
way, they will not be able to arrive at any very
satisfactory conclusion, for I confess I have hardly
seen two naval officers who agreed upon this
subject.
The Senatorfrom Ohio is mistaken in supposing
that we have been appointing any gentlemen into
the line of the Navy thirty ycais old, or any other
age over twenty. Wc have authorized the ap-
pointment of an indefinite number of masters and
masters' mates, but they do not come into the line
of promotion in the Navy. When we come to
put them into the Navy in the line of promotion,
as perhaps we may during the present session, it
will be perfectly competent for that Senator, or
anybody else, to make some provision in the law
which introduces them into the Navy, by which
they shall be provided for, and no injustice done
to them and no injustice done to those officers
who were educated in the service.
Mr. President, the great difficulty in regard to
this proposition of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shne is, that we do not know the ages of these
officers, and we cannot find out. Up to Mr. Ban-
croft's time, we had no Naval Academy, and there
is no record, therefore, anywhere in regard to the
ages of any naval officers previous to that. Since
that time, the young men who have been sent to
the Naval Academy were compelled to state their
exact age, the day of their birth, and their birth-
place, when they entered; butit is impossible for
us to find out what are the ages of the other offi-
cers. Why, sir, last summer, in conversation
with an old captain, lie told me that he was fifty-
three years old; and upon reference to the Regis-
ter I found he entered the service in 1812, so that
he must have entered at the age of four yeais.
I am perfectly well aware that the provisions of
this bill would cut off some competent officers; I
said so before to the Senate; but every one of those
officers will be restored to the service. Wc have
not any surplus of officers. It will include some
of the best officers in the service, and among them
is Captain Dupont,I believe, a gentleman to whom
this country is more indebted at this time for his
exploits than anybody else connccted with it; but
I apprehend neither he nor his friends will object
to the provisions of this bill. Such a man the
country, this Senate, the President, will always
take care of, and of everybody else who is really
competent to perform efficient active service. 1
am not particular as to the extension of this tune.
I am willing to say forty-five years, if that is sat-
isfactoiy, instead of forty; but I do insist upon it
that it is utterly impossible for you to asceitain
the ages of these old officers, in order to fix a lim-
itation upon them.
It should be remembered too by the Senator
from New Hampshire that these officeis who are
