1862.
THE COXGllESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
hom injury by flu; elements. and to complete tlio dome," I
do not tee! authorized mi pursumfithat couisc without some
fu< tlier evpu-.-sinn ot (he will of Congiess on the subject.
I have, tncip'oK-j the honor to jaybefore ti e Committee
on Public Buiiiiuiirs ami Grounds a copy of the architect's
repoit, and to invite Ihe.r consideration to the suggestion
whethei a modification of the said joint 1 evolution, s>o as to
p< imit the wotk to so on, not advisable.
It ib believed that the unexpended balance? of the appio
pnations lieretolore made wili be sufficient for the purpose
during the next ri-cal year.
I am, sir,with much respect, jour obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CARMICK AND RAMSEY.
On motion of Mr. COLLiVMER, it was
Ordered, That the leportof the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of tlio 8th instant, mfoinmtion in relation to the claim of
Carmick & Ramsey on the Post Oifiee Department, be
punted. pexiTIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of De Kalb county, Indiana, for the speedy pas-
sage of a general uniform bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of seven
hundred citizens of Bristol county, Massachu-
setts, for the passage of an act to confiscate the
property and free the slaves of rebels; which was
referred to the select committee on the subject of
confiscation.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Middlcton, Dane county, Wisconsin, for the con-
struction of a ship canal between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LATHAM presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, Califor-
nia, praying that the revenue act of March 2,1861,
may be so modified as to admit the importation
of all ores of the precious® metals free of duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of publishers,
artists, and others, citizens of the United States,
remonstrating against the removal to Washington
from the several districts, of the offices for enter-
ing and recording the titles of books, prints, &e.,
and issuing certificates of copyright; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
HE PORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was refened the bill (H. R. No. 195) for
the reciprocal extinguishment of certain claims be-
tween the United States and the representatives
of Robert Brent, deceased, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 78) to
suspend all payments under the act approved 25th
March, 1862, entitled " An act to secure to the
officers and men actually employed in the west-
ern department or department of Missouri, their
pay, bounty, and pensions," reported it without
amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am instructed by the
select committee on the Pacific railroad, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 364) to aid in con-
structing a railroad and telegiaph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes, to report it, with
amendments. I desire to have prompt action upon
this bill, for the reason that the two Senators fiom
Missouri are required to return home in a few
days; and I give notice that to-morrow morning
I shall move that this bill be made the special
order for Thuisday next, with the pledge on the
part of the friends of the bill, so far as I under-
stand them, that they will only ask for voting, and
not discussion.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to intioduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 80) authoiizmg the State of Minnesota to
iclocate a certain railroad,and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
307) to grant the right of preemption to settlers
on certau^ lands in Wisconsin; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 308)
changing the boundaries of the collection district
of Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to state that had I
been present, being necessarily absent, the other
day, when jhe homestead bill waspassed, I should,
as I have heretofore done, have cheerfully record-
ed my vote in its favor.
Mr. NESMITH. I also desire to state that
had I been present at the time the homestead bill
was before the Senate, 1 should have recorded my
vote in favor of it.
COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL. I move now to take up the
bill reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
regulating the holding of the courts in Kentucky.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not see the Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the committee, in his seat
now. It seems to me he ought to be here when
that bill is considered.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know why the Sen-
ator should be here more than others. I did not
move to take it up because of his absence. I
suppose he will be here in a few minutes. This
is a local matter, and will take but a moment. I
do not think it will lead to debate. I certainly
shall not debate it unless others do.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objections to its
being taken up.
The motion was agreed; to and the Senate, as
in Committee of the YVhole, proceeded to consider
the bill (li. R. No. 258) to regulate the time of
holding the couits of the United States for the
district of Kentucky, and for other pui poses. It
directs that the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Kentucky shall
hereafter commence and be held as follows: at
Covington on the third Monday of April and the
first Monday of December; at Louisville on the
third Monday of Felntmiy and first Monday of
October;atFrankf(>'t on die third Monday of May
and first Monday of .T.uiuaiy: and at Paducah on
the third Monday of Maidi and first Monday of
November.
If neither of the judges of the courts be present
at the tune for opening court, the clerk may open
and adjourn the court from day to day for four
days, and if the judge does not appear by two
o'clock, p. m., of the fourth day, the clerk is to
adjourn the court to the next stated term. But
either the circuit or district judge, by written or-
der to the clerk within the hist thiee days of his
term, may adjourn court to a future d ay within
thirty days of the first day, of which adjournment
the clerk is to give notice by posting a copy of the
order on the front door of the court-house wheie
the court is to be held; and the district judge, and,
in his absence, the circuit judge, may order aspe-
cml term of the circuit court, designated in a sim-
ilar order, to be published in a similar manner, and
in one or more newspapers in the place where the
court is held; and by the order the judge may pre-
scube the duties of the officers of court in sum-
moning juries, and in the pei forniancc ofothcr acts
necessary for the holding of such special term, or
the court may by its oi dor, after it is opened, pre-
set ibe the duties of its officers, and the mode of
proceeding, and any of the details thereof.
Such number of jurors are to be summoned by
the marshal at every term of the circuit and dis-
trict courts, respectively, as may have been or-
dered of record at the previous term; and in case
there is not a sufficient number of jurors in attend-
ance at any time the court may order such num-
ber to be summoned as, in its judgment, may be
deemed necessary to transact the business of the
couit. And a gumd juty may be summoned to
attend eveiy term of the ciicuit or district court,
by order of court. The marshal may summon ju-
ries and talesmen, in case of a deficiency, pursu-
ant to an order of court made during the term, and
they are to serve for such time as the court may
direct.
A special term of any district court may be held
at any time that the district judge may order, by
giving notice thereof on the front door of the court*
liouse where the court is to be held, and in som6
respectable newspaper, if there be any, at the
place.
The district judge may adjourn the court from
time to time, to suit the convenience of litigants,
and to meet the necessities of the business, and
the intervention of a term of a district or circuit
court at another place is to preclude the power to
adjourn over to a future day.
The terms of the circuit and district courts are
not to be limited to any particular number of days,
nor is it to be necessary to adjourn by reason of
the intervention of a term of the court elsewhere;
but the business of the courts at two places may
proceed,there beinga judge present at each place,
or the court intervening may be adjourned over
till the business of the courtin session is concluded.
A cleric is to be appointed at every place of
holding circuit and district courts for the district
of Kentucky, in like manner and subject to the
same'duties and responsibilities that other clerks
are subject to in other independent districts; the
deputy clerks at Covington, Louisville, and Pa-
ducah are to perform the duties of the offices,
respectively, till clerks are duly appointed and
qualified.
Commissioners appointed by the courts of the
United States to take bail, affidavits, &c., are to
have like powers to take surety of the peace and
for good behavior, according to the act of July 16,
1798, that other officers designated by that act now
have.
All process which shall not have been returned
when this act takes cffect is to be returnable to the
terms, respectively, as fixed by it; and the clerk,
upon issuing original process in a civil action, is
to make it returnable to the court nearest to the
county of the residence of the defendant, or of
that defendant whose county is nearest a court, if
he have information sufficient, and immediately,
upon the payment by the plaintiff of his fees ac-
crued , he is to send the papers filed to the clerk of
the court to which the process is made returnable;
and whenever the process is not thus made re-
turnable, the defendant or defendants may, upon
motion, on or before the calling of the cause, have
it transferred to the court to which it should have
been sent had the clerk known the residence of
the defendant or defendants when the action was
brought.
In ease of the existence of bail-bonds for the
appearance of persons to answer, it is to be the
duty of the clerk to call the parties at the time
they are bound to appear, and, if they fail, to en-
ter the same on his minutes, on which entry a
judgment may afterwards be made of record by
the court; and if the party appears, the clerk is
to take another bond, with sureties, similar to
the first, for further appearance at the next suc-
ceeding term of the court, and if the party fail to
give bond and surety, then he is to stand com-
mitted by oider of the clcik till he docs comply*
All laws and parts of laws inconsistent with this
bill are repealed, and this act is to be in force from
and after its passage.
Mr. HALE. I suppose it is useless to hope
to interpose any valid objection that will prevail
against the passage of this bill, but I think it is a
bill that ought not to pass. 1 think it is desirable,
and 1 think it ought to be considered by the Senate
indispensable, that there shall be a uniform sys-
tem of practice so far as it is possible in the Uni-
ted States couits. This bill makes special provis-
ions in regard to holding courts and adjourning
j courts, and various other provisions applicable to
! the State of Kentucky. It seems to me that there
| should be some very good reason why an exeep-
! tion should be made as to the mode and manner
i of administering justice in Kentucky different from
! that which prevails in every other State. That
would be an objection, in my mind, that would
compel me to vote against the bill.
There is another principle in the bill which has
already received the sanction of the Senate by a
very great majority, which, to my mind, is so pal-
pably in contradiction of the plainest provisions
of the Constitution, that that also would demand
, my vote against the bill; and that is, conferring
\\ judicial powers upon commissioners appointed by
j! 'the court. The Constitution declaring in explicit
•! terms that the judicial power of the United States
