1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
now captains did not enter the service at the age
of fifteen or sixteen yearsas he supposes they did,
and as young men now enter the Naval Academy.
Many of them entered as sailing masters, men
full grown. They had been masters, and some of
them captains of vessels before they entered the
naval service. They were in the prime and vigor
of manhood then, and have been in service now
for fifty years. It is time they were retired. They
are incompetent to the proper discharge of their
duties. In time of peace they might do very well.
They would be good commanders of ships full of
officers wholly responsible for them and to whom
the working of the vessels was entirely intrusted;
but when but one lieutenant can be allowed to a
vessel and you require the commanders to enter
on the proper discharge of their duty, they are
utterly incompetentand break down immediately.
Why, sir, you have had during the last four weeks
ten or a dozen of these officers recalled from your
squadron because they have broken down.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, it appears to me
that the first section of this bill as it now stands
is very objectionable. It makes an invidious
distinction against officers in the service on the
ground of the length of service, not bccause of
inefficiency from age now, but because they have
been rendering service many years. -This is very
unjust. Of two officerswho are to-day sixty years
old, one of them has served, say forty years, aad
the other only twenty, and both equally compe-
tent now for service, the man who has served his
forty years will have his name stricken from the
active list, and the man that served only twenty
will be kept on.
I am not quite sure, Mr. President, that I am
in favor of the principle of fixing a precise period
of time when a man shall have his name stricken
from the roll of active service in the Navy. It is
difficult to fix on any period that will not do great
injustice both to individuals and the country in
many cases; and it is not a sufficient answer to
me, to say that there are men of that age who are
not competent to perform service. 1 grant it; no
doubt there are; and so there are men who have
not been in the service five years, and who are not
thirty years old, who are not competent to per-
form service, There are men, as I believe, in the
Navy, who have been in the Navy forty years,
and who are now more than sixty years old, who
are exceedingly competent, and if their names
were stricken from the active list, it would be a
great loss to the country. Sir, there are some
men whose names are now historic m the Navy,
seventy years old, as it may be, who would, m
my judgment, be among the most efficient to take
a ship into action to-day, among the most effi-
cient now in the service, whose very presence
on the quarter-deck would be an addition to the
efficiency of the battery of the ship, more than
youth could bring to it, sir, much more. I should
be sorry to have these names stricken from the
active list bccause there are some men of the
same age who are not competent to perform duty.
I think it would be unwise as well as unjust. j
The suggestion made by the Senator from New
Hampshire to change the bill as it stands from
fixing the period of service to the age of the offi-
cer, is, I think, better than the present provision
of the bill, because that looks of course toward
the efficiency of the man, and assumes that after
a given age he will not have the physical capacity
to perform 1 he required duty. I think the amend-
ment will make the first section preferable to what !
it now is, but I am not prepared to say that I think j
we can with propriety fix the period of sixty-five :
years, the period indicated by him, and say that |
all who have arrived at that age should have their .
names stricken from the roll of active service, for ;
the reasons that I have suggested, and for other j
reasons that might be given, I think, and which :
readily occur to"Senators. If there is to be a hm- :
itation, 1 certainly prefer that the limitation should i
be as the Senator from New Hampshire suggests,
a limitation which shall regard the age of the offi-
cer rather than regard the period that he has been
in the service. It will be better surely than as it
now stands; but even then, I think it is by no
means clear that we shall make the improvement i
which Senatois seem to suppose we shall make '
by the change.
"Air. FESsENDEN. Mi. President, the mem-
bers of the Committee on Naval Affairs are of
course very much more competent to judge ot i
this matter than I am, for they have given it
deliberate consideration. I find, however, that
two very distinguished members of that committee
disagree in their views as to what is proper to be
done; and therefore outsiders, perhaps, may be
excused for expressing an opinion on the subject.
I have felt some interest, sir, in reforming the
Navy ever since I have been in Congress; and
very early in my senatorial life we passed a bill
for the improvement of the Navy, and established
something in the nature of a retiring board.
Under that act, a very large number of officers
were retired from active service; some were dis-
missed. I think you will recollect, as I certainly
do, what I can denominate in no other way than
as the howl that went up from this House and
the other in consequence of the action of this
board. The trouble then was that every man in
the Senate, pretty much, represented somebody
at home who had been retired in some way, and
of course the inference was irresistible that great
injustice was done. Great reproaches were heaped
on the heads of the members of the board who
made the decision in that case; and after a great
deal of debate here, it finally resulted that almost
all of them were restored to the active list of the
Navy. I believe, sir, if I am rightly informed,
that experience has shown since that not a raan
of them—there may have been some exceptions—
who was retired in consequence of the action of
that board was really fit for service, and in almost
all the cases where they have been put on duty
sine*, they have been found to be utterly incom-
petent, or worse. If I am wrong in relation to
this matter, I suppose gentlemen will correct me.
That board was composed of very able officers.
I believe Captain Dupont stood at the head of them.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; he was a member.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At any rate, he was a
member of the board, and certainly there were
very able officers placed on the board. They were
accused of everything that was wrong. It was
said they were governed by personal motives;
that they wished to promote themselves; that they
had taken good care m all the grades to put by
everybody above them, in order that they might
be advanced; and the virtues and excellencies of
the men who were retired were extolled here to the
skies. I recollect we heard avast deal about the
great injustice done to Lieutenant Maury in re-
tiring him. I believe that now-a-days nobody
denies, although of the highest reputation in a
scientific point of view, that he was absolutely
incompetent for active scrvice; and nobody now
in this Senate, I suppose, would wish to see him
restoied to the service, not particularly on that
account, however.
Well, sir, experience has demonstrated abund-
antly that the board were actuated by correct and
high motives; that their decisions were almost
invariably proper to be made, and that, as I said
before, in almost all the cases where they have
been departed from the country has been the suf-
ferer in consequence. Gentlemen will bear me
witness that in most instances where personal in-
fluence has been used in this Senate to procure
the restoration of men dismissed, under other cir-
cumstances, for faults or failings, and the President
has been induced to renominate,and we have been
induced to confirm such nominations, ithas almost
invariably resulted that the country has lost by it,
and the men have fallen back into their old habits.
I think the experience we have had should teach us
this lesson: that when we come to deal with a mat-
ter of such great public interest, wc should be care-
ful and not be actuated by any personal attach-
ments; any representations which we may consider
ourselves as making as individuals for constitu-
ents, in the knowledge that we may have person-
ally with regard to men particularly; but should
establish a correct principle, to be applied to the
whole service, and then let men take their chances
under it, whether they come from one State or
another; whether we know them or not; whether
wc are attached to them or not;or whatever con-
sideration, of any kind or description, might, un-
der other circumstances, influence our own minds
with regard to the individual.
I have made this remark simply for the pur-
pose of putting the Senate on its guard. I was
one of the few who deemed that the action of the
retiring board was a wise one, and who stood by
it unavaihngly from beginning to end, and voted
against all the propositions to change it substan-
tially in any shape or form. Now, Sir, here is a
bill before the Senate. It is to correct a great evil.
We may as well speak plainly about it; and gen-
tlemen connected with the Navy, or connected
with gentlemen who are in the Navy, must sub-
mit to such remarks as public duty compels men
to make. It is a notorious fact, proved by expe-
rience, that the greater number of these men who
have been in the Navy for so long* a course of
years, are utterly unfit to be there in ar>y very
responsible position afloat. We all know that to
be the case. It is undoubtedly true. It is natural,
as said by my friend from Iowa, that these gen-
tlemen cannot perceive it themselves. We are all
of us unwilling to admit that we are not what we
have hitherto been, or as much men as ever; and
those of us who are fifty-five years of age (and I
am obliged to confess that I am one of them) per-
haps arc unwilling to admit thai we are less able
in body and mind than we have been. But, sir,
on the whole, we must acknowledge that the
course of time, as applicable to ourselves, must
have its effect. We all, more or less, feel it in fail-
ing strength and vigor; if we do not feel it and per-
ceive it, I am inclined to think our neighbors do.
At any rate, it should not affect us in acting on
what is patent to our observation in regard to men
who have been much exposed to severe labors in
the sunshine and the storm, in service likely to
operate upon their physical and mental powers;
and to admit that these things, time especially,
under these circumstances, must have their effect
upon them. We all know perfectly that however
fit men of a certain period of years may be for
counsel on shore, and in quiet times, and with
regard to matters with which they are connected,
when you come to action—bold, vigorous, determ-
ined action—you need somewhat of theenthusiasm
of youth.
It becomes neccssary, therefore, absolutely, &t
this period of our country's history, when we
want active and vigorous men in the Army and
Navy—and especially when, in the Army, we are
acting upon the idea of having young and vigor-
ous men to conduct our soldiers—that we should
apply the same rule, or enable the Administration
to apply the same rule to the Navy, and retire
men whom we know, and the country knows,
and those connected with them know, are unfit
for the positions in which they must necessarily,
perhaps, be placed if they remain where they are.
Then, sir, it becomcs a mere question of time.
The idea of the bill is all right. That is the main
question. If I had a friend in the Navy in whom
1 had ever so much confidence, that I believed
ever so able, and this bill applied to him, under
the circumstances, when there is a great evil to
be avoided or corrcctcd, I would trust him to the
saving clause of the bill, and let him stand upon
his own merits. If they will not defend and sus-
tain him, he ought not to be sustained. ^
I am inclined to support the bill as it is, and
for the simple reason that I think the criterion of
years cannot be reached. If it could be, i should
prefer to substitute the period of sixty years. If
the ordinary time for entering the Navy was fif-
teen years of age in those times, if men entered
as young as that, I should be perfectly willing
and content to vote for the bill, if it were modi-
fied, and the forty years of service was changed
to forty-five, to bring a man up to sixty. I should
not deem it wise or prudent to go over that. That
is my own judgment; for I think at that period,
if men have followed the sea especially, unless
in very rare circumstances, they would hardly
be fit for the hard, dangerous, and vigorous ser-
vice required of men at this time, and which will
be required for perhaps some considerable period
hereafter. All Senators will act unquestionably
according to their own views of experience and
wisdom about it; but T hope some time will be
fixed, but not so long as to leave such a very con-
siderable number of gentlemen of the description
I have mentioned m scrvice at this time.
Sir, I wish to throw no sort of imputation upon
these men. They have rendered great service to
the country. Many of them arc entitled to the
gratitude of the country; but it is not just to the
country that for that reason we should avoid doing
or postpone doing that which its interest demands.
They must yield to the natural and necessary ef-
fect of time upon them, and retire gracefully from
the service which they are no longer able to con-
duct in the manner in which we wish to have ii
