74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
conducted. It is no imputation whatever upon any
one of them if we pass a general law; and merit,
ability, and power, if they are found in an indi-
vidual who has passed the prescribed limit, will,
in the present condition of the country, unques-
tionably be recognized; for, as my friend from
Iowa has said, we cannot now afford to lose the
serviceof anyable man who is disposed to renderit.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a word in vindi-
cation of myself for making the suggestion I have
made. I do not pretend to a great deal of partic-
ular knowledge on this subject, but I have offered
this amendment to the bill on the suggestion of a
man who I think is better acquainted with the
Navy than any other man in the United States,
and whose name, if I were at liberty to give it,
would command the respect of the Senate beyond
that of any other man. Having said that, 1 will
say no more on that point.
1 wish to say a single word as to the difference
between this and the old retiring board which my
friend from Maine has eulogized so much. I was
one of those who opposed that from the beginning
to the end, and 1 always desire to have it remem-
bered by anybody who has any interest in my
humble fame that I opposed it upon a principle
which, I think, would securc it the execration of
every honest mind, and my friend here amongst
them. It tried men for moral offenses behind their
backs, without letting them know what the charge
was or who preferred it or by whom it was sus-
tained. That was the original sin which tainted
all its progeny, and would to all time. I think
the bill that embodied so vicious a principle as
that was not worthy of the support which it re-
ceived in this body.
Now, sir, as has been well said, I think the
Senate unanimously agree upon the general prin-
Sles of this bill; but let me caution my friend from
laine. He says there came up against that old
bill for a retiring board a perfect howl. Well,
there was, sir. I howled as loud as anybody
against it, and I am not sorry for it. Now let me
caution my honorable friend here that he avoid
another howl, if possible. The last howl upset
the proceedings of that board; and while I agree
with the general remarks he has made in regard
to the officers brought back, there were some very
honorable exceptions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There may have been; 1
do not dispute that.
Mr. HALE. I certainly know there were.
And let me say another word in regard to that bill.
I had not the honor of the personal acquaintance
of a single man unfavorably affected by it. I did
not know one of them; I had no relation, no friend,
brother, or anybody else that was to be affected
by it; and the same is true of this bill. I know
some of these gentlemen personally. I have no
particular regard for them. I have no particular
feeling one way or another about it. I do not care
a straw as to its operation upon any human being.
I stand here simply desirous to do what is best for
the country; and I desire to do what is best for
the Navy in this emergency. If it shall be the
judgment of the Senate that the bill is bestas it is,
take it; if it is best with a limitation of forty-five
years, take it; but I believe, and those whom I
have consulted, and who were competent to speak
on this subject, think that, fora beginning, sixty-
five years will be the best move we can make. I
am told that it is a period between sixty and sixty-
five years in the French navy—sixty-two or
three. They have, 1 believe, no particular mode
or no particular age in the English navy at which
they are retired. Their system is somewhat com-
plicated. I believe that promotion to the rank of
admiral takes place afteracertam number of years
of sea service; and if the department see a man
they do not think will make a good admiral, they
take care not to give him so much sea service as
would entitle him to promotion. That, I am told,
is the method there. I hope, whether this amend-
ment be adopted or not, that the bill will pass and
become a law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
rise to take part in the debate, but to suggest an
amendment to this first section, so that it will read;
That whenever tile name of any naval officer now in the
service, or who may hereafter be in the seivice of tile Uni-
ted States, shall have been borne on the Naval Register forty-
five yeai*, or who shall be of the ago of sixty years3 lie snail
be retired from active service, and his name entered on the
retired list of officers of the giade to winch lie belonged at
tlie tlino of such retirement.
Those who enter, as I understand, in the Naval
School now, enter at the average age of fifteen.
Foity-five years upon the Register will allow
them to be in active service until they are sixty.
Then there is a large class of officers who are now
in the service who were not educated at the Naval
School, but who were appointed at various ages,
and they also will be in active service until they
are sixty.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me,
an incorrect impression seems to prevail with re-
gard to the age of admission of boys in the Naval
Academy. Some one has stated the age to be
fifteen years. That is the youngest period of
entrance, and the ages are then up to nineteen.
The average ago would be about seventeen. No-
body enters under fifteen. I think the average is
about seventeen and some months.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I like this other provision
of the bill to which some exception has been taken,
and that is, they are all retired at a given age
whatever may be their capacities, and then they
are left with the President and Congress to determ-
ine whether they shall be restored to active service
or not. Then the proper distinction may be made.
The presumption is that when a man arrives at
sixty years of age, he is not as competent ordi-
narily in his physical powers to command a ship
in active service as if he were younger, but there
are exceptions, and these exceptions the President
can at once avail himself of by putting them in
active service, and upon a vote of Congress they
can be restored to the active list. I desire«very
much to bring our officers both of the Navy and
of the Army to some position whore they can earn
the great distinction which they hold.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The amendmentof the Senator from
Wisconsin is not in order. The question now
pending is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will offer it as an
amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is of
the opinion that the amendment offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire is first in order;
and the amendment to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin is not in congruity
with the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think, sir, that on the
whole, the amendment which I have offered will
meet the approval of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I will accept that amendment, as
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion before the Senate is on the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, which the Senator from
New Hampshire accepts in lieu of his own prop-
osition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I propose an additional amend-
ment as a new section:
That heads of bureaus in the Navy Department who have
been in office the full term of eight years, shall cease to
hold such position.
It is to terminate the offices of heads of bureaus
in the Navy Department. The difficulty is this:
these heads of bureaus are appointed without any
limitation. They get in there; and when a new
Secretary comes in, he is surrounded by them,
and gets acquainted with them, and will never re-
move them; and unless you limit these offices by
law, they hold them by a life-tenure. I do not
propose to disqualify them. If, after they have
held them eight years, the President or Secretary
of the Navy finds that they ought to be reap-
pointed, let them reappoint them; but let there be
some time when these offices shall terminate—
that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I do not know whom my
friend designs to reach particularly by it; but I
see no very special reason for it, judging from my
knowledge of these officers. It is not true that
their's is anything like a life-tenure; because any
Secretary of the Navy, or at least any President,
can remove them at the motion of the head of the
Department whenever he chooses. The present
incumbents, I believe, have most of them been
there for eight years. They were appointed ori-
ginally by President Pierce, they were kept in by
President Buchanan, and they remain.
I suppose, of course, that the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire strikes at somebody in this
matter—I cannot undertake to say whom—and I
do not know but that he means to strikc^at all
these heads of bureaus. But I know the'men,
and I also know the reason why they have been
retained. The reason is simply that they are, all
of them, exceedingly competent men, and have
made first-rate officers. One of them is Commo-
dore Smith, who is at the head of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks. I undertake to say that Com-
modore Smith is recognized, and has been for
years, as one of the ablest officers in the service,
and a man who, in that branch, has exhibited a
wonderful degree of capacity and a great power
of labor, doing more work than either my friend
or I could do, in my judgment, and doing it well;
upon whose advice every Secretary has leaned;
upon whose competcncy for any part of the ser-
vice nobody has ever attempted to throw a shadow
of doubt. Why should we undertake to say that
he shall be removed, for the sake of being again
appointed ?
If the present President, or the present head of
the Navy Department finds an officer there who
is particularly capable, whose services he cannot
dispense with when he has the power to dispense
with them at any moment he pleases, why should
Congress interfere and say, " that man is to go
out of office?" What can be the object, except
for the purpose of putting somebody else in ? Now,
had we not better leave these minor offices in the
Departments at the disposal of the heads of the
Departments and the Executive? Why, sir, I
happen to know one fact as illustrative of the
particular case that I have mentioned. The Sen-
ate will pardon me for alluding to politics; but if
I am not very much mistaken in my recollection,
when he was appointed, Commodore Smith was
a Whig, and always had been so; yet he was
appointed by a Democratic Administration. He
made no secret of his politics, I am confident,
though he was not much of a political man. He
has been retained through two Democratic Admin-
istrations, for no other reason than that he was
so competent and so able that his services could
not be dispensed with. He is retained now. Do
we want to put him out of office ? All that kind
of politics has gone by, and therefore I may allude
to the dead, 1 suppose, without giving offense to
anybody.
I know two other gentlemen there that were
appointed by President Pierce. They remain in
office, and they remain for the reason that they
are two of the most competent, able, upright men
that can be found in any service, and the public
interests would suffer exceedingly by removing
them.
Now, why should we be so anxious to turn
men out, or provide for turning them out, simply
because they have been in office eight years?
Why not leave it, as it has always been left under
our Government, to the head of a Department to
say who his inferiors shall be, instead of under-
taking to dictate who shall go into this bureau,
and who shall go into that? Suppose the hint
should be taken which would be conveyed by out-
vote here in favor of this proposition, what would
be the consequence? Certainly, it would be re-
garded as a hint thatmen must be removed at this
time, when the Navy Department needs expe-
rience, needs ability, needs integrity, in every
part and portion of it. At such a time, shall we
call upon them to remove officers of this descrip-
tion—heads of bureaus—because they have been
there eight years? 1 think it is idle. More than
that, I think it is meddling with a small thing, a
matter that we ought not to interfere with in any
shape or form; and therefore. I shall vote against
it, and hope the Senate will not adopt it.
Mr. HALE. I would commend to my friend
from Maine the reconsideration of some remarks
that he made about fifteen minutes ago in the Sen-
ate, when he said "let us inaugurate this measure,
and if we have any friends that we fear will be
affected by it, let them stand their chance before
the law."
I will modify my amendment by saying " un-
less reappointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate." The Sen-
ator from Maine asks me whom I want to hit, and
whom I want to put in their places. Nobody;
nobody. I have not a single being on the earth
that I ever thought of in connection with one of
these places. One of the gentlemen of whom the
Senator speaks—I suppose he refers to Mr. Bridge
