2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
shall be vested in a Supreme Court, and such in-
ferior courts as Congress may from time to time
establish,it seems to be exclusive ofjudicial power
being vested anywhere else. I know that this has
been done. I know it was done in the case of the
fugitive slave law. It received the denunciation
of my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
then. But the other day we had a bill here—I (lo
notremember what one it was—involving the same
principle,and the Senate, by an almost unanimous
vote, affirmed it. There were but three votes re-
corded against it. -But, sir, as I have taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, I will not sit still and see it palpably and
grossly violated, as I think this bill does violate
it, without recording my vote and uttering my
feeble voice against it. I am opposed to the bill
for both these reasons.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Being a member of the Ju-
diciary Committee, I will simply state that the
committee were almost unanimous in reporting
this bill. I believe the chairman was not in favor
of its passage. The committee, however, agreed
to it after having heard very fully the application
and the representation of different individuals in-
terested in the matter, and having also before them
a communication from Judge Catron who has now
gone back to Kentucky to hold the Federal courts
there. It was strongly urged by him. He ex-
pressed a very strong desire that the bill should
pass as being beneficial, in his judgment, to the
administration of justice in the Federal courts of
the State of Kentucky; ar.d under that view and
other matters brought before the committee they
were induced to unite in a recommendation of the
bill.
Mr. HALE. If we go on and give a code to
Kentucky because there is something peculiar in
Kentucky, other States having something pecu-
liar in them will want codes, and we shall have
as many codes in the United States courts as we
now have in the State courts. I suppose the great
design and objectofthe Federal courts was to have
a uniform law and practice so far as practicable.
Mr. DAVIS. As to there being a uniformity
of practice, there is no_ such thing m the Federal
courts. The practice in nil the courts conforms
to the practice in the Slate courts, as a general
rule. This is a matter that concerns the State of
Kentucky alone. It is a matter of no general in-
terest, and I trust the Senate will pass the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. POWELL. This bill was drawn up and
has been very slightly modified by Judge Catron
and by Judge Ballard. As to the point suggested
by the Senator from New Hampshire, I wifl sim-
ply say, that it now conforms to the practice in
that State; and I do not think the bill is obnoxious
to the constitutional objections that he raises. I
trust it may be passed'by the Senate. There is
a long letter from Judge Catron highly approving
of it; but I shall not take up the time of the Sen-
ate in having it read. The whole delegation of the
State wish it, and Judge Catron strongly urgesit.
„ The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
APPOINTMENTS IN MARINE CORPS.
Mr. HALE. There was a short bill reported
the other day from the Committee on Naval Affairs
in relation to appointments in the marine corps,
which I wish might be taken up and passed now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
306) regulating the appointment of second lieuten-
ants in the marine corps was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill enacts that hereafter second lieutenants
in the United States marine corps shall be taken,
by selection of the President, from the graduates
of the United States Naval Academy.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know that I have any
particular objection to the principle of this bill;
but I heard a suggestion made to the chairman of
the committee at the Navy Department which
strode me with consideiable force, and that was j
that there were several young gentlemen now nom-
inated for the marine corps who had already en-
tered the service, but had not been confirmed and
they might be cutoffby the operation of this'bill,
which would be very unjust. There should he
some provision to save those. As I understand
their nominations are now before the Senate; they
have already been appointed; have obtained their
uniforms; been in service; and some of them
been in action. It would be very unjust that this
bill should have the effect to cut off those young
gentlemen. I have no interest in the matter at all,
but I should like to see justice done.
Mr. HALE. If there are any such cases they
are in palpable violation of law, for they have been
appointed long since the Senate has been in ses-
sion, and they have had no right to go into the ser-
vice. Neither the President nor any other power
on earth, while the Senate is in session, has the
right to appoint any such persons to places in the
marine service. If it has been done, it is a gross
abuse which ought to be rebuked by the Senate.
I was not aware of it until I heard some such sug-
gestion made by the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy this morning. The power of the President
to nominate, so that they can take upon them-
selves the duties of the place, exists only during
the recess of the Senate. If there are such cases
as the Senator refers to, they have been appointed
since we have been in session.
Mr. HARRIS. I suggest to the chairman
whether this proviso might not be added to the
bill;
Provided, That this act shall not operate to prevent the
appointment of such persons as have been nominated for
lieutenants of marines.
It seems to me that would be proper.
Mr. HALE. I think that would be manifestly
unjust; and, as I am put upon the stand here, I
will be candid about it, and I will state what led
to this inquiry and to this unanimous report of
the committee. It is that appointments in the
marine corps have not been distributed heretofore
as they ought to have been. Some States have
got none at all; some have vastly more than their
proportion, and they have been appointed with-
out any rule. Friends, the mothers and sisters,
&c., of the candidates have come here and be-
sought and besieged the appointing power, and
they have been appointed without regard to any-
thing except the mere personal pressure that has
been brought to bear on the appointing power,
and some States have got vastly more than their
fair proportion, and others have not anything like
their fair proportion. It was that fact which in-
duced this inquiry. It has been a subject of in-
quiry for a long time. I do not think there could
be any such case as the Senator from New York
alludes to, because I do not think that the Ad-
ministration would violate the law; but I should
have no objection to an amendment declaring that
this act shall not apply to any nominations now
pending before the Senate from States that have
no.t their full proportion of officers in the corps.
I think, however, there will be no injustice done
by passing the bill as the committee unanimously
reported it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 was impressed with the force
of the remarks of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. There was a great deal of truth and jus-
tice in them. I have made application myself at
various tunes for appointments in the marine corps
without any success; and I believe that the ap-
pointments generally in this branch of the public
service are made upon principles of favoritism
and nepotism. There is nothing like a just and
equitable distribution of such patronage amonc
the States, and that ought to be the principle upon
which the whole of it should be distributed, in my
judgment. I have no doubt, as the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs suggests, that
there are States that have four or five times their
just proportion of appointments in this corps, and
there aie other States that have nothing like their
pro rata proportion. I should like to have the
whole system of appointments reformed, not only
in the marine corps, but in every branch and de-
partment of the public service. I am utterly op-
posed in this monoply of the patronage in any of
the services of the Government by particular ap-
pointing powers,orby particular personal interest.
I think that they ought to be distributed equally
andfairly among thepeopleof all theStates. Ithas
been said by the Senatorfrom New Hampshire that
this bill approximates to that in regard to the ma-
rine corps, and for that reason I am disposed to
favor it, and J trust that his suggestion will obtain.
Indeed, I would prefer that a more equitable and
equal rule than his should obtain, and that a com-
mittee should bo appointed to ascertain what States
have had their just proportion of appointments in
that corps, and so far as there are any vacancies
in the corps, that they should be allowed to the
States that have not their proportion.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish merely to say, sir, that
however much the committee may have been in-
fluenced by the consideration suggested by the
Senator from New Hampshire, the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that was not the
sole consideration, nor the greatest one,certainly
with myself. I believe that the only proper way
to have these appointments made is by selection
from the graduates of the Naval Academy, and I
have always thought so. More than two years
ago, shortly after becoming somewhat familiar
with the operations of the Navy Department and
the system upon which it was conducted, and on
which appointments were made, and the duties
devolved on the various grades of officers, I offered
an amendment to the Senate, but it was rejected,
for the reason that it was proposed to be added
to an appropriation bifl, exactly in character with
this bill. The reasons are manifest why we should
adopt this system; first, the one that has been
assigned by the Senator from New Hampshire
and the Senator from Kentucky, that then every
State and every Territory and every district will
have its fair representation; and second,and a yet
greater reason, that we then shall have men who
are fully competent to the proper discharge of their
duties.
At the Naval Academy the young men who are
sent there receive just as thorough a military
education as they do at the Military Academy,
saving and excepting that they are not taught in
the branches of engineering. So far as company,
regimental, battalion, and division drills are con-
cerned, everything that pertains to the school of
the soldier, regiment, and battalion, they are just
as thoroughly instructed in as they arc anywhere
else. Therefore, when we take them from the
Naval Academy, we take a young man who is
familiar with the drill, we are not compelled to
keep him at the barracks here in this city for six
or nine or twelve mrmths in order to teach him
the first rudiments of the school of the soldier.
Then there is another thing at present under
the system of appointments that has hitherto pre-
vailed; there is always a spirit of antagonism be-
tween the officers of the line and the officers of
the marine corps. The moment you select offi-
cers from the Naval Academy that have been edu-
cated with the naval officers and who know some-
thing about the duties, the capacities, and the
rights of officers of the line, the esprit du corps will
be observed throughout the service, there will be
a unity; a common sentiment of interest will per-
vade the whole service, and a great many of the
troubles that now arise between the staff officers
and the officers of the line will be wholly obviated.
I trust that for these reasons this bill will be
adopted. It meets the approbation of the com-
mittee. I do not know much about the particular
question which has been alluded to by the Senator
from New York; it is a subject which I have not
examined particularly; but "I think that the bill is
right in itself, that it will be promotive of the best
interests of the service, and that it meets the ap-
proval of those who are most conversant with the
subject.
Mr. HARRIS. The proposition which this
bill presents strikes my own mind with consider-
able favor. I do not know that I have any ob-
tion; I can see no objection to the selection of the
officers of marines from the graduates of the Naval
Academy. I rather like it. There is this difficulty,
however, that presents itself to my mind, that we
have no graduates of the Naval Academy that are
now in a condition to be appointed to this service.
It is well known that the naval service has been
such as to demand that even the under graduates
should be taken from the school and put into the
naval service. "We are not to have any graduates
very soon from that school to fill the present va-
cancies. But that is a difficulty which time will
obviate. 1 do not know who the young gentle-
men are that have been nominated. I am not
aware that there is one from my State, certainly
none in whom I have felt any personal interest;
and but for the suggestions 1 heard made to the
chairman of the Naval Committee this morning
in the Navy Department, I should not have said
a word about it. I prefer, before this bill passes,
if the committee are anxious to have it passed
without any such qualification, to see how that
thing stands. I want to see how many of these
