3016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to intimate any
such thing. I had nothing to do with these loca-
tions. I did not have any more notice than the
Senator had.
Mr. BROWNING. I suppose not 
Mr. WADE. I only presumed that the com-
mittee would, on an important subject like this,
investigate the whole mauer.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 intended nothing unkind
toward* the Senator from Ohio in my remarks, i
know he is not on the committee; and I make no
complaint of the committee at all for not giving
me notice. What I said was in reply to his sugges-
tion; that it might not be supposed that any one
presented the claims of Gluincy before the com-
mittee, and that they were investigated and re-
jected. That is all I desired to do.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. As I had the honor
to report this bill from the Committee on Military
Affairs, I wish to say a very few words, for I am
much more anxious to have a vote than I am to
.make a speech.
•This subject of arsenals was before the com-
mittee, and although they were not unanimous in
the report, still they ordered the bill to be reported,
and I think have selected the proper points. lam
notgoinginto any lengthy argument to show that
the points selected were the most proper points to
be selected. I think it will be safer, at least on the
part of the Senate, to follow the report of the com-
mittee rather than any outside suggestions made
by gentlemen who confess that they have not had
their attention directed particularly to the subject.
We selected first the city of Columbus, a nulroad
center in a very rich agricultural country, of fine
water powers, where (he means of living and cost
of labor are pei haps as cheap as at any other point
in the United Slates, Then we selected the city
of Indianapolis, having all the advantages, and in
about an equal degree, of the city of Columbus;
and in addition to that, having a splendid tusenal
already in opeintion. We have at Indianapolis
an arsenal in operation which cost the State
$79,000. They have been furnishing almost all
the iixed ammunition and the smallerammunition
for the. army m Tennessee for at least six or eight
months. Then we selected Rock Island, not with
ti particular .view, I admit, to accommodate tin'
State of Illinois; but with no possible feeling of
unkindneas towauls that State, supposing that
Illinois and her troops would be very prupoily
supplied either from St. Louis immediately upon
her western border, or from Indianapolis, whit h
is very accessible to all the central portions of Illi-
nois; or fiom Hock Island, winch by its railroad
connections, it seems to me, would accommodate
a great portion of the State of Illinois. If these
arsenals are established as provided for m this
bill, Illinois will be accessible to the arsenal at
Indianapolis by dnect railroad communications,
accessible to St. Loins, and accessible to Rock
Island upoft the northwestern border; and I think
no possible wrong can be inflicted upon that State
by this location.
As to the necessity for these arsenals, the com-
mittee, I believe, had no kind of doubt. I have
no doubt, if these arsenals .shall be established,
that every month there will be saved in transpor-
tation alone to the Government, and also in the
cost of furnishing this ammunition, more than the
whole amount provided to be appiopriated by this
bill, I have no doubt for evciy single month out
of twelve months the money will be more than
repaid to the Government in the increased facili-
ties, in the cost of transportation, and in the cheap-
ness of production; for we have a report now in
the Auditor's office that theammum'tion furnished
at the arsenal in Indianapolis is of a better quality
and cheaper than that furnished at, any arsenal in
the United States. In addition to that, wo cut
off the transportation of some thousand miles by
having it accessible to our western troops. I will
not detain the Senate, but I hope the bill will pass
as reported from the committee.
Air. THUMBIJLL. I wish to say but a word.
My colleague criticised my remark that Alton was
a natural place. He thinks they are all natural
places. What I mean by that was simply this:
that without any artificial causes cooperating to
bring it about, other than that it being the most
convenient point, our troops had rendezvoused at
Alton heretofore; that in the Mexican war it was
made the place of rendezvous fur our soldiers, and
in the present war it has been so to some extent.
That is what I meant; that it was a point, which
for the convenience of the State, had been selected
without any adventitious efforts being made in its
behalf; that it recommended itself by its position
and location on the Mississippi river. Its advant-
age over Gluincy is that it is a point on the river
where there is scarcely any obstruction from icc
and never from low water. We all know that the
larger class of boats cannot go to Gluincy in low
water, I do not think the New Oileans boats ever
go there, while they do come to the landing at
Alton whenever there is any business requiring
their coming, and are frequently there.
In what I have said, I did not mean to say that
Gluincy would not be a desirable place for an
arsenal. I know that it would be; I know that
it has many advantages; but it is inferior in the
particular points I have mentioned in regard to
navigation and water. So far as railroads are
conccrned, Alton is approached as well as Gluincy
by two great lines of railroad one thiough the
center of the State. It lies just about on this
parallel of latitude. The Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and the Pennsylvania railroads connect
through Indianapolis and Terra Haute direct to
Alton, almost a straight line. There is another
line of railroad running through Alton direct to
Chicago connecting with all the lines through the
States; so that in that respect there is no place
which has superior advantages over it.
Mr. KING. It is due to the friends of this bill
and to the Committee on Military Affaiis that I
should state that it is not a bill which originated
in that committee, nor are they responsible either
for the hill or for the locations. It is a bill intro-
duced by an individual Senator upon leave from
the Senate, and referred to that committee, whose
business it was to consider it and to report the
bill to the Senate. Undoubtedly the Senator who
drew the bill and originated it consulted with
others about these locations; but, at any rate, the
committee did not make the locations nor origin-
ate the proposition to construct these arsenals at
this time; so that they have no responsibility for
the bill. There has been considerable discussion
in the Senate on the subject of the construction of
arsenals, armories,and founderies; and it will be
recollected by the Senate that a special committee
was appointed to which these subjects were re-
ferred. That committee proceeded to make some
inquiries that have not yet been reported to the
Senate. The bill came to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. Different opinions were entertained
in the committee as to the propriety of passing
any bill on the subject; but it was deemed to be
duo to the Senate by gentlemen who favored it
that the bill should be returned to the Senate as
it was, with the consent of the committee, by the
Senator from Indiana, who was upon the com-
mittee and within whose State one of these loca-
tions is fixed, with the statement to the Senate
that the committee were divided in their opinion
about it, but deemed it their duty to return it to
the Senate, as I think the rule required them to
do, so that the Senate might act on it upon its
own judgment of what was best and proper.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana. If the Senator will
pardon me a moment, there was no diversity, I
believe, in the committee as to these points being
the proper points.
Mr. KING. No, sir; there was no discussion
on that point. While I doubted the propriety of
the passage of the bill at all, I will say, for my-
self, that I regard the points named in the bill as
very good and suitable points for the location of
arsenals; but I have no doubt there are half a dozen
others equally good in those States. That sub-
ject was not specially investigated, nor was any
notice given that the committee intended to con-
sider them or determine them, so that those who
were interested in them might appear and make
any presentations that they pleased on the subject.
My own opinion is that it is not best to pass the
bill at this time. We have no recommendation
from the Departments on the subject. We have
had various propositions for the establishment of
a national foundery. My State had a proposition;
Pennsylvania had another; and the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] introduced one in relation to
a foundery for Ohio; but I understand that neither
the Navy nor the War Department regard this
proposed construction of a foundery as one from
which any present use can be made for the pres-
ent exigencies of the country, and they decline to
make any recommendation on that subject. I do
not know what their opinions may be about arse-
nals. We all know that their location is a matter
of great convenience; but we also know that these
constructions to be now commenced can hardly
be brought into use during our present troubles.
My own opinion is that it is better to defer fixing
them, either in their locations or their character,
until the next session, at least.
I have deemed it due to say this much, as this
bill was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and its authority quoted in relation to
these locations. I will say further that I think
these locations are very good locations, but, as I
said before, I think there are others equally good.
Mr. GRIMES. I am anxious that there should
be a vote, but I wish to say one word. I think
my friend from New York is not quite accurate
in saying the subject of arsenals was referred to
that select committee. The resolution author-
izing the appointmentof the select committee was
drawn by myself, and it includes founderies and
armoiies, but not arsenals. I undeistand that the
War Department doesnot recommend the estab-
lishment of founderies; but it has given, so far as
I know, no opinion on the subject of arsenals,
but left that to the discretion of Congress. I am
told—I do not know how accurate the statement
may be—that in the army of the Mississippi, or
the army of General Ilalleck—I do not know
what its proper designation is—there are not less
than one thousand muskets that get out ot repair
in the course of a week. We have nowhere west
of the Alleghany mountains any place where they
can be repaired. The question then is whether
those arms shall be transferred to our shops in
the East to be repaired, or whether they shall be
repaired somewhere in the valley of the Missis-
sippi, or whether you shall let these men be with-
out arms until you can send to the East to get the
proper muskets to put in their hands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment to strike
out " duincv" and insert " Alton."
Theainenument to the amendment was lejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment, which is to stuke out
u on Ilock Island,"and to insert, "at Gluincy."
Mr. BROWNING. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Browning, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Kansas, 1'omcioy, Saulsbuiy, and Wilson of
Missouri—9.
NAYS—Messts. Anthony, Bavaul, Clark, Coliamer, Frs-
senden, Foot. Fo^tei, Guinea, Hale, Il.ulan, Hams. liovv-
aid, King, Lane of Indiana, MoirilJ. Neumtli,
Powell, Sherman, Stmmon-j, Stark, Sumnur, Ten Eyck,
Tiuinbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wnglit—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the first section
by striking out in the sixth line, after the word
" deposit," the words " and repair;" so that it
will read:
That there shall be, and lieieby is, established a national
aisenal, &.C., l'oi the deposit of arms and other munitions
of war.
I do not know but one of these places which
have been suggested by those diffeient amend-
ments is just as good for the deposit of arms as
another. There arc means of communication both
by water and land to each one of them; and so far
as a mere deposit of arms is concerned, I suppose
that is all you want, except you want it in a dry
locality where the arms can be kept fiom rusting;
but to provide a place for impairing arms is a very
different question. That should be done where
your aims are manufactured. That seems to me
to be evident. Putting up a building in which to
deposit arms is comparatively an unimportant
matter. Putting up a building to manufacture or
to repair arms, and putting in the machinery ne-
cessary to do it is a very different matter. There
is no .manner of necessity for having the repairs
made or the arms manufactured where they are
deposited. The manufacture and the repair go on
at all times, in times of peace as well as in times of
war; and all you want is deposits of them in the
neighborhoods where you are likely to use them.
The one reflection 1 have had which has given
me more pain than any other, is the astonishing
preparations you seem to be making to take care
of the State of Illinois. I should judge from the
preparations being made that you are expecting a
