1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
to be continued at a reasonable salary. If his
salary is too large strike it down.
But I say, on the other hand, that, whether you
abolish the franking privilege or not, you cannot,
consistently with your own convenience and com-
fort, dispense with the superintendent of the doc-
ument-room. We all know that it needs a man
of experience to do that work, a man who is
familiar with it, and has been familiar with it for
a considerable time. When the former superin-
tendent went out, one of his assistants was taken
•for the reason that a new man could not fill his
place and make himself competent to do the work
for a very considerable time. We all know an-
other thing—1 say it without fear of contradiction
because most of the Senators know him; the Sen-
ator from New Jersey admits that he is a most
valuable officer—that the officer at the head of the
document-room has information that we can get
nowhere else, because he is the only man who
has had the opportunity to get it. And what has
he to do? Every one of the bills and reports that
are laid upon our tables every morning have to
pass through his hands. All the legislative busi-
ness of Congress passes through his hands. It
goes to him; he furnishes us with all our bills and
reports; he has them laid on our tables; he files
them; he has to keep a record of everything; and
he is obliged to make an index of everything that
passes through his hands. All the ordinary legis-
lative printing and all the documents printedfor
preservation for the use of members and others,
are distributed by him—not the extra documents
that arc printed merely for distribution, but all
the original documents. All the bound documents
pass through his hands and are regulated by him.
More than that. Those of us who have occasion
to look into the business of Congress, to find re-
ports and other documents, are obliged to trust to
him. We cannot find them ourselves, especially
when we are new members; and although I may
now be considered an old member, 1 cannot.
We are all compelled to call upon the man who
is familiar with them and has made himself ac-
quainted with them by examination and having
to handle them. He can always tell us where in-
formation upon different subjects of legislation can
be found, and he is the only man who docs know
it. It is a business requiring experience, requir-
ing skill, requiring knowledge, and such as he
only lias among those connected with the Senate.
The business of the folding-room, however, al-
though large, may be done by anybody. It is
merely the folding of documents that go there,
and tying them up one by one, and sending them
around to members, lie only lias to superintend
that operation. One man may do it about as well
as another, a new man as well as an old. He must
keep a record of the documents folded and dis-
tributed, of course. It is a labor, to be sure—a
labor that must be accomplished, and a very con-
siderable labor so long as the franking privilege
exists—but it is a labor that docs not require any-
thing more than a very ordinary capacity. It does
not requireany great experience. It is mere work
thatone man may do justaboutas well as another.
That is the difference between the two.
Now, I believe that both these officers are abso-
lutely necessary it the franking privilege continues.
I believe that the superintendent of the document-
room is absolutely essential any way, that we
cannot get along without him at all, and members
who ha\ebeen here any considerable lengtli of
time are perfectly aware of that fact, and I believe
I shall be borne out in it by them. The Senator
from Ohio thinks it is a matter of indifference
which of these officers is continued. It is because
he is aiming for a particular thing, to strike at
somebody, and he seems not to care who it is if
he only strikes off some one. I think they ought
both to be continued if the franking privilege re- l
mains. Besides, I lie bill, as I understand, reduces
all our clerks in the Senate to ^1,200 a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. It reduces' some of them to
$1 ,200. Itleavcs one at $2,000, two at $1,800, and
some at $1,200.
Mr. MORRILL. One at $1,800; not two.
Mr. SHERMAN. One clerk has been added to
the $1,800 list since the bill was originally drawn.
Mr. b LSSENDEN. 1 have not examined this
bill sufficiently to speak with any sortof certainty
about it; but I do not think there is a clerk con-
nected with this body who ought to be reduced to
$1,200 a year. The clerks that we have here are
ordinarily—all that I know, certainly—men who
earn more money than that, or who ought to earn
more money than that. It is a very low rate of
compensation. It is what is given in the Depart-
ments to any copying clerk who goes there with
little accomplishments to do ordinary business.
We require in all.our clerks a careful set of edu-
cated men, and we have them generally; men
whose services are worth more, and who ought
to be paid more than that. I do not think there
is one of them whom I would be willing to reduce
to §1,200 a year. Still I cannot say, because I
have not examined this bill, how far the Senator
goes upon that point. I have not had a chance to
do it, and I should really like to look at it further.
I do not think the public interest will suffer by a
little delay; nor do I regard the postponement of
the bill until it can be considered as necessarily
its defeat.
I will state another reason why I have not ex-
amined it particularly. I have not known really
what bill was to be insisted upon and to be passed.
In the first place, here is this bill. I like the prin-
ciple ofit, and I am willing to go with the Senator
to sustain the bill; provided the details can be cor-
"rccted where I think they are wrong; but for the
sake of a reduction of the public burdens, I would
even sacrifice something in that particular, so that
gross injustice was not done to individuals. Then
there is the military bill which has been urged by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
that strikes off ten per cent, from all salaries.
Then, in the tax bill reported in the other House,
a general tax is imposed on all official salaries.
The Senator from Ohio sustained the bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts; he sustains this;
what is to be the consequence ? You take one of
our clerks, you reduce him to $1,200 by this bill,
then you strike off ten per cent, of that by the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts. You bring
down our messengers and everybody connected
with the Senate to the lowest possible notch you
can screw them down to, take off ten per cent.,
and then impose a tax upon them. Connecting
with all that the depreciation of currency, if there
is to be any depreciation, and the increased price
of living, and I think they will be in pretty poor
condition.
There ought to be reason in all these things.
We arc bound to look after the publicinterestand
to reduce expenditmes wheie they arc too large;
but I do not like the idea that we arc bound to go
ahead with a broadax and cut, and cut, and cut
merely for the sake of cutting, without regarding
what is to be the consequence to individuals. We
have not got to such a state of poverty and misery
in this country yet, and I hope we shall not get
to it. I should like to know which system is to
prevail. Is it to be that of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts which the Senator from Ohio opposed,
and yet declared he would vote for, or is it to be
that of the Senator from Ohio,or is itto be both?
1 do not know, and I have been waiting to see
which was to be urged. I like this best,and am
inclined* to sustain it—I mean the idea of it, the
system; 1 do not mean all its details, though 1
should, perhaps, be willing to agree to some of
them. I think it is a system less calculated to do
injustice; but I think we ought to have time to
consider it; and I must really say to my friend
from Ohio that I shall not regard a postponement
of this bill until we act on the question of the
franking privilege as a defeat of it by any means.
It has been up once before and has been postponed.
It is not an unusual course of proceeding in this
body that a bill introduced here should he for weeks
until it can be properly considered and digested.
I am not willing, myself, to take, as conclusive
upon the matter, the consideration which has been
given to it by the two Senators who were mem-
bers of the commission. I am satisfied that there
arc few other Senators, if any, who have given it
the consideration it deserves.
Mr. SHERMAN. As we have but two or three
minutes before the special order will come up, and
as I know we cannot in the mean time get a vote
on this bill, pci haps I may as well take those two
or three minutes to reply to the fifteen minutes'
argument of the Senator from Maine.
The Senator says this bill has not been consid-
ered. I say to him it has been considered by a
committee composed of twomembeis of this Sen-
ate, both of whom have had a number of years'
experience iu Congress, and three very intelligent
members of the House of Representatives. It has
been agreed to by them unanimously, after a full
and careful consideration of the whole subject-
matter. Although I am a new Senator—I am
thankful to the Senator for reminding me of that
—as this bill relates to the expenditures of both
Houses of Congress, my experience in the othei
branch of Congress might justify me in express-
ing an opinion on the subject.
I think there is no occasion for a superintend-
ent of the document-room and a superintendent
of the folding-room. One of these officers can cer-
tainly be dispensed with. But suppose the Sen-
ator disagrees with me in that: is it not very easy
to take a vote of the Senate upon it? I agreed with
his reasoning, and inserted a provision to retain
the superintendent of the document-room and dis-
pense with the superintendent of the folding-room.
There is no reason in the world why one of these
officers could not superintend both rooms. These
superintendents have more or less clerks, labor-
ers, and employes under them; and this bill pro-
vides for assistants, clerks, and laborers. I say
there is not a particle of use for both these officers.
Instead of referring to the superintendent of the
document-room for information, we go to the li-
brary. There is no practical difficulty at all on
this subject.
In regard to the clerks of the S<?hate, I do not
desire to strike at them; but I think $1,200 a year
compensation, for three months during one year
and for five months during the other year,is suf-
ficient to secure the services of competent clerks.
If I am not correct in that, let the Senator move to
increase the amount. I think §1,200 is sufficient.
We must commence reduction somewhere. The
most thankless office in the world is to stand here
and seek to reduce the compensation of any man.
The person affccted, as a matter of course, will
think it is a blow at him, and not to change the
system. I know it is very difficult to frame any
bill embracing a great number of persons, without
being open to criticism; but, it seems to me, we
must do something of the kind, and wherever we
can dispense with an officer we should do it.
The Senator agrees with me in the principle of
this bill. It has been on his table for some time.
I have conversed with him about it. It has been
reported nearly two months. It has been the sub-
ject of conversation. It was brought up here and
was discussed before. The Senator says he has
not read it; but when will he read it? After this
matter is postponed, he will never think of it again
until it is brought before the Senate.
Mr. FESRENDEN. I will try to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. He may do so now, because
he is under a specific pledge.
Mr. FJ2SSENDEN. If the Senator will only
furnish me a copy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot do that. Senators
must get them for themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will get one.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the difficulty; when-
ever the bill is brought up, it is postponed because
the Senator has nor had an opportunity to con-
sider it. It seems to me the Senator must take a
little on the information derived from others, and
not depend solely on his own judgment on all
these matters; or at least he ought to be willing
to go on with the bill when it is brought before
the body. I know we take a great deal on his
judgment. We pass bills here, reported by him,
sometimes without any examination whatever;
and it seems to me he ought not to criticise the
labors of others.
In conclusion, I will only repeat that I have
said many times in this Senate that, under dire
necessity, we must revise all the expenses of this
Government. I am willing to commence with
myself; then with those around me; and then ex-
tending the circle to those that are further off,
until finally, and us a last resort, we strike at the
Army and Navy, and all the officers engaged in
those branches of the public service. 1 care not
in what form it comes, whether in the shape of a
tax, a pro rata reduction, or a carefully analyzed
deduction, I am willing to vote for it, and 1 am
willing to commence with myself.
or.deji of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
hour having expiied, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to execute the order of the Senate, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
