1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
young gentlemen there are, and who they are, and
what the circumstancesare, that are to be excluded
by the operation of this bill after they have been
already nominated and are before the Senate. I
am not aware, I do not believe there is one from
the State I represent; but that is no reason why
they should not be appointed.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, I
do not want to be personal, of course, but this is
a matter that has been long before the Senate, and
it^was exactly the state of the nominations from
New York that was one of the arguments which
induced the committee to report this bill. I have
here a table which has been prepared by the clerk
of the Naval Committee, which, I presume, is an
approximation to the truth. I do notintcnd to be
understood as saying that it has been made from
official documents, and is strictly correct in all its
details; but it approximates so near to the truth
as to convey an idea of the &cts of the case which
may be useful. It shows the number of officers
belonging to each State of the Union now in the
marine corps; the number to which each State
is entitled according to its Federal population, or
representation in Congress; and also the number
to which each of the loyal States,would be entitled
provided no officers belonging to the disloyal
States were in the service. Alabama is entitled
to two, and has none; Arkansas is entitled to one,
and has one; Connecticut is entitled to one, and
she has three; California is entitled to one, and
has two; Delaware is entitled toone, and hasonc;
Florida is in the same position; Georgia is entitled
to three, and has none; Indiana isenutlcd to four,
and has three; Illinois is entitled to five, and has
two; Kansas is entitled to one, and has none;
Kentucky is entitled to three,and has two; Louis-
iana is entitled to one, and has one; Maine is en-
titled to two, and has one; Maryland is entitled
to two, and lias six; Massachusetts is entitled to
four, and has one; Michigan is entitled to two,
and has one; Minnesota is entitled to two, and
has one; Mississippi is entitled to two, and has
none; Missouri is entitled to four, and has one;
New Hampshire is entitled to one, and has two;
New Jersey has two, the number to which she is
entitled; New Yoik is entitled to twelve, and she
has thirteen; North Carolina is entitled to two,
but she has none; Ohio is entitled to seven, and
she has two; Oregon is entitled to one, but she
has none; Pennsylvania iscntitlcd to nine, but she
has fourteen; Rhode Island has one, and she is
entitled to that one; South Carolina is entitled to
two, and she has one; Tennessee is entitled to
three, but shc*has none; Texas has one, and is
entitled one; Vermont has the one to which she
is entitled; Vugmia is entitled to four, and she
has two; Wisconsin is entitled to two, and has
two; Iowa is entitled to two, and has three; and
the District of Columbia is entitled to one, but she
has six.
By adopting the provisions of this bill, these
appointments will be equalized over the States,
because the midshipmen, or cadets, or whatever
they may be called at the Naval Academy, are
appointed by nomination of members from every
district, each member being entitled to two, and
this would equalize the whole list. The list as it
now stands is unequal, and the nominations which
are before the Senate I think make it more so. I
should be perfectly willing, if it was thought ad-
visable, though I do not think it would be, to add
to this bill a proviso that it shall not be so con-
strued as to deprive any State of its fair propor-
tion. I think, as the Senator from Kentucky has
said, thatsomething like a fair distribution of these
offices should be had. He said he would like to
have the appointment in every branch of the ser-
vice regulated bylaw. In the Atmy it is regu-
lated by law, in the Navy it is regulated by law,
and the marine corps is the exception. This bill
simply proposes to apply the same rule to the
marine corps that is applied to the Army and
Navy.
Mr. HARRIS. I am unable to understand
now what the Senator from New Hampshire de-
sires in reference to this matter. He says he docs
not wish to be personal, but really it is New York
that he is trying to correct.
Mr. HALE. I said New York was one of the
States.
Mr. HARRIS. He finds that New York is
entitled to twelve and has thirteen, one more than
she is entitled to.
Mr. HALE. And three or four nominated.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know that.
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. HARRIS. I have been trying to find out
about that. I am not aware that there is one nom-
inated from New York; I do not know of one.
There may be; and I dare say the fact is so if the
Senator asserts it. Now, sir, if New York is to
be put upon an equality with other States in re-
spect to this matter, I hope that those gentlemen
who are so anxious to have it equalized will ex-
tend the principle a little further than the mere
appointment of marine officers. I will agree to
this, with the gentleman from Now Hampshire
and the gentleman from Kentucky, that we shall
have no more appointments of officers of the ma-
rine corps than our proportion of the number of
privates in the maiine corps that we furnish. If
New York furnishes half the privates in the ser-
vice, we ought to have half the officers. If New
Hampshire furnishes a larger proportion, let her
have more officers. I should like to extend this
principle a little further. I have heard from cer-
tain quarters a good deal about the disproportion
in which the offices are distributed. If this thing
is to go on, I should like to claim for New York
some of the surveyors and collectors of land of-
fices at the West—a very important class of offices,
and a very desirable class of offices, too. If I were
to claim that, what a clamor we should have from
our friends in the West? Who ever heard of any
of those officers being' appointed from New Eng-
land or New York? Let us have this thing equal-
ized all round, if we are to go into it at all, and
not have it applied merely to the marine corps.
I do not suppose that Iowa or Kentucky furnishes
many of the privates in the marine corps. Why
should they furnish the officers? 1 am willing
that they shall have the surveyors and collectors
of the land offices. I do not ask to have those
appointments equalized. On the contrary, I think
those States that arc upon the sea-board who fur-
nish the body of marines, should be allowed to
furnish the officers for the most part; and yet it
seems that the West have succeeded in getting a
pretty fair proportion of those officers. They
claim all the officers in connection with the laud
offices, and now they want the lion's share of the
rest.
I am not very tenacious about these things.
We can get along without having all the offices.
Wc can get along without having even our share
of them; but I do not want any injustice done to
the young men who have already been nominated
to the marine corps, and if that is persisted in, it
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
is unwilling to allow the pioposition I have sug-
gested reserving the rights of those young men
who have been nominated, 1 ask that the subject
may lie over until I can inquire into it. I have
no interest at all in the matter. I do not know
one of the young men that has been nominated,
to my recollection.
Mr. HALE. The Senate will bear me witness
that 1 did not allude to New York, and did not
mean to do so until the gentlmean himself did.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know what the Sen-
ator meant when he said he did not mean to be
personal.
Mr. HALE. That was after the Senator from
New York alluded to the State ofNew York,and
said he did not know that any of these nomina-
tions were from that State. As my colleague on
the committee from Iowa says, this matter has
been before the committee for years, and I know,
the Senator from Iowa knows, and I think a ma-
jority of the Senate knows, that we have approved
nominations here that we did not think were
really fit to go upon that corps of officers. The
appointments have been made, not in reference to
anything on earth except the mere tediousness
with which their claims have been urged by their
friends. In one instance, there were some who
were urged on us very long, who were reported
to us as being so inferior physically that it was
not right to put them there, and wc had an exam-
ination of them down in the committee room.
They were feeble and lather below what we
thought the standaid should be, but they had been
pushed by their friends so far that wc stated the
case to the Senate and the Senate confirmed them.
I should not have alluded to a single State here
if the Senator had not said that he did not know
there was one of these from New York. Then,
and it was not till then, I told him what Ijy&s
obliged to say in telling the truth, that New York
had an excess on the list now, and that there were
three or four nominations pending from that-State;
so that, if they were confirmed, New York would
have something like a a fifth or a sixth of aii the
officers of the marine corps. Massachusetts, as
we see, although she is a marine State, and fur-
nishes a good many privates to the marine corps,
has but one marine officer. I think the difficulty
in regard to Massachusetts was that, although she
had Tier share of officers appointed, they could
not pass an examination. This bill pots the ma-
rine corps on the same footing with the Army
and Navy. I think it ought to pass.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New York
mentioned the State of Iowa by name as being
one of the States that had got its full share. In
the Navy Department, I think it has, during this
Administration, got everything we have asked for,
and that it was entitled to, and I think we have
asked for nothing more. But it is refreshing, real-
ly, for a gentleman from New York, where they
have a navy-yard that employs three thousand
men, and a custom-house that employs three
thousand more, and an arsenal at Watervliet that
employs two thousand three hundred men, and a
navy-yard again at Oswego that employs I do not
know how many more, and the West Point Acad-
emy, for which we appropriate several hundred
thousand dollars a year, to bring that State in
contrast with the State of Iowa, where we have
three land offices with six land officers, each with
a salary of $500 a year, one marshal, one United
States judge, with a salary of $1,800 a year, and
one clcik. These arc all the Federal officers we
have in the State of Iowa, and I thank Godfor
it. We do not want any more Federal officers in
my State.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment has yet been offered to the bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I will put, what I proposed in
the form of an amendment, in these words:
Provided, however, That this act shall not apply to or
affect any nominations for appointment to the marine
corps which have already been jnade.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out ail after the word " that,"
and inserting:
The appointments under this act shall be first made from
the States that have not their piopoition according to the
Fodeial population.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that that amendment will not
reach his object; because the appointments to be
made " under this act" are only those that are to
be made from the graduates of the Naval Acad-
emy; and his amendment should be, " the ap-
pointments to the marine corps," or something of
that sort, because they are not to be made under
the act except from the grad uates of the academy.
Mr. DAVIS. I will change the phraseology.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, this bill is superseded
by the unfinished business of the last sitting of
the Senate, which is the bill (S. No. 292) relative
to the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts.
Mr. HALE. I move that that bo postponed
for the purpose of finishing this bill.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. * Let the unfinished busi-
ness lie over informally for a few minutes, with-
out losing its place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the special order may be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. HARRIS. I would prefer that this bill
should lie over until I can inquire into these nom-
inations.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
The consideration of the bill (S. No. 292) for
the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts within the United States, and for other
purposes, was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that bill had bet-
ter be read to the Senate. There are some pro-
