2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
■visions in it that I do not think the Senate is aware
of. Task for the reading of the hill, and 1 do that
in part for the purpose of getting: a copy of it
and calling attention to it before the final vote is
taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have examined this bill,
and it strikes my mind that as it now stands itis
impracticable; it cannot be carried into effect.
The leading feature of the bill is to have the Pres-
ident appoint certain commissioners to assess and
collect the direct tax in the insurrectionary States
that do not pay it. it goes on to provide m effect
—I cannot go into the particulars now—that when
any district in those States is taken possession of
by the Army, those commissioners may then be
put at work. They make an assessment. To my
mind, the assessment of a direct tax on any part
of a State is impracticable till you assess the State.
You caunot tell how much one county's part of
a tax is unless you assess the State for the whole
of it. The thing is impracticable; it is an arith-
metical, or, I may say, mathematical impossibil-
ity. The ideaof carrying- it intoeffect justin the
way provided in the bill, seems to me to be futile.
But it is suggested 111 l^ie bill that there may, per-
haps, be found some State assessment on which
the commissioners can proceed. I have no good
reason to believe that any such would be found.
I know there would not be any such found in New
England. Men are assessed, to be sure, and then-
property is assessed , but there are no descriptions
of parcels of laud whioh would answer for this
purpose. 1 have no objection to the purpose
which the honorable Senator from Wisconsin has
in view, if so be that the bill can be. put into a
practical shape; but satisfied as I am in my own
mind that it is not practicable now as it stands, 1
cannot think it advisable to vote for it. Perhaps
the Senate ought to commit it to some committee
to put it in a practicable shape. I merely make
this suggestion, because,notunfriendly to the pur-
pose had in view, I cannot see the practicability
of carrying that purpose in cffect in any such
manner as this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois called for the reading of the bill at
length.
Mr. TRUMIjULL. I will not insist upon that
at this time. I wished merely to arrest the pass-
age of the bill for a moment, until I could got a
copy of it in my hand. My object is accomplished,
and unless some other gentleman desires to have
it read, 1 do not insi&t upon its reading. The elev-
enth section of this bill is a very impoitant one.
Like the Senator from Vermont, I am not opposed
to the object in view by the eleventh section,and
I am not opposed to the object of the bill. I am
for taking the lands m the rebellious States to pay
the tax which we have assessed. I am for col-
lecting that tax in any ptacticable way in which
it can be done. 1 think it is right. The eleventh
section of the hill, however, establishes a govern-
ment in those States. It has received no consid-
eration in the Senate. I am in favor of some plan
for governing the rebellious States; but we have
not considered that question; there has been no
discussion of it in the Senate, and 1 do not know
that any committee has considered it. The elev-
enth section provides that (he board of commis-
sioners who ate to go into the southern States to
collect this tax—1 say southern States because
they arc the rebellious States—" by and with the
approval of the commanding general in said dis-
trict, may fi om time to time make such temporary
rules for the oider and government of all persons
residing within the said distiictas shall be just
and humane." You authorize these commission-
ers to establish a go vet nment there by the consent
of the President, because they are to make such
"lulcs for the order and government of all per-
sons residing within the said district as shall be
just and humane.55 It is in their discretion, left
to them entiuily without any sort of restraint, and
these commissioners are a board appointed for the
purpose of collecting tx tax jn tjlc rebellious States.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] has
introduced a bill on thatsubject, and I should like
to call his attention to this provision, for this bill,
if passed, will su persede I he bill he has in troduced
to provide tcmpoiary go\ernmcnts in the rebel-
lious districts. Perhaps it is just as good a pro-
Vision as his; I do not mean to commit myself
either to the bill introduced by the Senator from
New York, ot to this provision, at this moment;
but there is a bill pending, to the purpose of which
I am favorable, providing some plan for organiz-
ing government in the rebellious States where the
authorities friendly to the United States have been
overborne, and where it is necessary to begin again
in order to reestablish a government. Precisely
how that is to be done I shall not undertake to in-
dicate, but I hope that the Government of the Uni-
ted States, as we take possession,for instance, of
South Carolina, or of Georgia, if you please, or of
Louisiana, will, in some way, furnish aid to the
loyal people in those States, if there are any-—
and we believe there are many in all those States—
to enable them to ?et together and organize State
governments friendly to the United States and sub-
ordinate to the Constitution of the United States.
They will need some assistance to bring this about,
because the organization in those States, as it now
exists, is hostile to the United States Government,
and will do nothing to biing the States in subor-
dination to the Government of the United States.
What we want is a nucleus around which the
loyal people can rally, and perhaps the provision
made here may be sufficient for that purpose. I
wished merely to call attention to the eleventh sec-
tion, that the Senate might see what we were
acting upon, and that it should not pass without
consideration.
To the general purpose of this bill I am favor-
able. It provides a more efficient way of collect-
ing the tax which we assessed by an act passed
in August lastthan is provided in that act. Under
the law, as it now stands, provision is made for
selling the real estate in case the tax is not paid.
This bill provides for selling it more summarily.
It is a more efficient bill in that respect, and, if it
is practicable, I should be incited to favor it; but
as the law now exists the land may be sold for
taxes.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Illinois a question. Do 1 under-
stand him to contemplate the readnrussion of these
States into the Union without their passing the
ordeal of Congress—letting them come back with
their present Constitutions and getting membeis
into Congress without passing the ordeal of a re-
ad mission ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to the Senator
from Kansas, I will say that we shall have to pass
upon the admission of the membeis when they
come here, and weshall be governed no doubt by
the circumstances. If I were satisfied that the
loyal citizens of a State had taken possession of a
State government, and that it was thoroughly loyal
and true to the Constitution of the United States,
and that they sent men here who were of that
character, that they had reorganized the State gov-
ernment, that they had blotted out all the action
done under the pretense of secession, I think that
would piesenta case where Congiess might pro-
perly admit their representatives as members of
Congress. That, however, will have to be determ-
ined hereafter. But here is a bill providing com-
missioners to establish a civil government in those
States, for the time being, withoutany limitation.
I am not exactly prepared to say that I shall vote
against this provision; perhaps it may be the
wisest; but is the Senate prepared, without hav-
ing considered the question, to pass this bill?
Mr. POOLITTLE. Mr. President, the objec-
tion which is raised by the honorableSenator from
Vermont is certainly a serious one, and so far as
I am concerned it takes me somewhat by surprise,
! for I was brought up m the State of New York,
and after leaving that State have been familiar
altogether with the systems of the western States.
I was surprised when the honorable Senator stated
that in any of the States of the Union in the assess-
ment of taxes the particular lots of ground which
wore assessed were not embraced within the val-
uation and assessment made under the authority
lt of the State. In the Sta'e of New York I know
ltisso. Thcassessment goes to thecounty board,
,! and then it is equalized throughout the State. In
the State of Wisconsin, in Iowa, and in all the
western States, in their system of assessing leal
|' property the lands are described briefly according
j! to the suivey made under the authority ot the
h United States. The taxes are assessed to such a
quarter or such a half quarter section, &c., and if
!1 the taX"S ate not paid those very lands are adver-
; j tised and sold according to that description. There
|| must, certainly be such an assessment and volun-
I> tion m ail the Stales which have arisen where pub-
lic lands have been surveyed under the authority
of the United States, and I supposed that it ex-
isted in all the States. This bill assumes that
there is an assessed valuation of the various States
under the authority of the States; and the first
section of the bill provides that where by means
of the insurrection the civil authority is overborne
so that the assessors cannot go all over the State
and equalize the valuation in proper proportion,
we may take valuation made under the authority
of the State before it broke out into insurrection,
supposing that it would bo just to take the equal-
ized or assessed valuation of the various lots as
made under the authority of the State itself as
being the next best evidence wc could possibly
have of the valuation of the lots upon which to
affix the taxes.
The bill assumes to apportion the taxes upon
the various lots, andihe proclamation of the Pres-
ident when he describes the various districts with-
in which the civil authority is overborne fixes this
valuation upon the lots. It is true that if no such
valuation ever existed the foundation would fall
from this section of the bill; but I presume it will
be found on examination that certainly in all those
States which ha*e ever been Territories under the
United States, and have been surveyed under the
authority of the United States, the subdivisions of
the ground, according to public surveys, are kept
up to this day in all the assessments that are made
by State authority and all that would be made by
Federal authority.
But, sir, there is a section in this bill which pro-
vides that if for any reason the assessment and
valuation of the lots of land mentioned in the first
section shall be destroyed, or concealed, or lost,
so as not to come within the possession of the
board of commissioners, they shall be authorized
to take evidence of the same, or they shall be au-
thorized to value and assess the same m their own
judgment, upon such evidence as may appear be-
fore them; and theie is a further provision that
no mistake m the valuation or in the amount of
the tax shall, in any manner whatever, affect the
validity of the sale or any of the proceedings pre-
liminary thereto, but that all such mistakes shall
be matter of account against the Treasury of the
United States. If the commissioners arc unable
to find the assessment which is made understate
authority, and have to go on and assess the lots
themselves, if they make a mistake and assess a
lot too high, or charge too high a tax, this over-
charge is to be a matter of account between the
owner and the Treasury of the Ujaitcd States.
I am confident, from the practice which I know
prevails throughout all the western States, that
there must be this assessment and valuation under
the authority of the State, in oil southern States
certainly which were formerly Territories of the
United States—Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
Tennessee, and I presume the same thing extends
to Georgia, because within Georgia I believe we
once had public lands, and I presume the same
thing will be found to exist in South Carolina and
North Carolina, and I have no doubt that in Vir-
ginia, when an assessment is made, the lands are
mentioned which are assessed. I believe my hon-
orable friend from Virginia [Mr. Willey] as-
sents to that and states such to be the fact.
Mr. WILLEY. There is no difficulty in get-
ting at the assessment of every tract of land and
lot in the State of Virginia, if you get to the capi-
tal of the State and find the records.
t Mi. DOOL1TTLE. I understand the Senator
from Virginia to state that such an assessment
and valuation of every lot and tract of land is
made by the State of Virginia. The record exists
at Richmond.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin what provision is made
m the bill for the collection of taxes in the State
of Delaware or other States that refuse to assume
their share of the diiect tax provided for by the
bill of last year ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I answer my honorable
friend from Ohio that this bill has reference only
to those districts where the insurrection exists to
such an extent as to overbear the civil authority,
i I understand that the lull we passed hist summer
has operative force by which wc can assess in
Delawaie the land and all the propeity in the
State, and collect the tax imposed by the act of
last, summer. That act provided that the States
might, at their own option, assume their poition
