1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l6§9
required these staff officers, it would not avail in
favor of the adoption of that particular feature of
this bill; and if the bill is to be passed, I think it
highly important that this word " two" should be
erased. Weshould stand to our legislation of July
last, which required that each division should con-
sist of three brigades, or bring it up to the stand-
ard which has been practically established, and
make it apply only to those generals who have four
brigades under their command.
In the next place, I find that the assistant ad-
jutant general upon the staff of each general com-
manding a division in this entire Army is to be
raised to the rank of a major. His duties are not
increased in the least by this bill. He remains
substantially assistant adjutant general of pre-
cisely as many brigades as he does at present.
His duties are not increased in the least, and yet
you propose to raise his rank by one grade and
his pay correspondingly. Now, why.' There is
no other reason for it, except that in subsequent
portions of this bill you biing into the general's
staff an assistant inspector general and a medical
director, who have the rank of major, and it is
necessary, in order to make this organization
complete, that you should raise this assistant ad-
jutantgeneral—generally called the chief of staff—
to the same rank as the two officers you intro-
duce. But if, as I hope, the House will vote out
of the bill these two particular features, then there
will be no necessity for the adoption of this, since
tliey all hang together.
Again: there is to be an assistant inspector gen-
eral, ranking as major, to be introduced into every
staff. Now, that is, as I understand it, an increase
of officers. The gentleman from Missouri says
that these assistant inspectors general are merely
to be detailed, and that there will be no increase
in the number of officers. Well, sir, if an assist-
ant inspector general is detailed to a staff he must
be detailed from some other position, and either
the duties of the position which he formerly filled
will not be performed, or you will be obliged to in-
crease the number of assistant inspectors general,
or else to detail from some other part of your army
organization persons to perform their duties; and I
think that practically it will be impossible to carry
out this bill without making a very large increase
in the number of officers.
But what is the necessity of this assistant in-
spector general ? I confess that I approach the
discussion of a point of that sort with some de-
gree of diffidence; but, so far as my observation
goes, and so far as ordinary reasoning indicates,
I cannot see that there is any necessity for the
addition to the staff of every division general of
this office of an assistant inspector general. I can
understand why you require an assistant in-
spector general for every department of the Army,
but I cannot see any necessity for the addition of
an assistant inspector general to the stall of every
general commanding a division throughout the
Army. As every one knows, the Army regula-
tions provide for a regular system of company
and regimental inspection; and whether the Army
is in the camp or the field, every regiment and
every company is obliged to undergo inspection.
Now, if our company and regimental officers are
worth anything—and I presume they are, for they
have been five or six months learning—they can
perform this duty; and while it may be necessary
and perfectly proper for the commanding general
of a department, or of the Army, to have one or
more inspectors general on his staff to detail,
with a view to a general inspection of the Army
at particular intervals, there is no necessity, as I
believe, for the creation of these offices.
I have conversed with some military gentlemen
who, hearing of my opposition to this bill, were
anxious to remove the grounds of my objection,
but I confess that I have not yet seen one who
eould give any reason, valid or invalid, for the
creation of these offices except that it is desirable
to make our army organization as complete as pos-
sible, and that it would be well to make a head m
every division to evely depaitment of the divis-
ion. If you proceed upon that basis, you will
create office upon office, sei ving no useful purpose
except to make things a little better rounded olT.
I confess that you would have, in theory, a more
complete organization of the divisions of your
Aimy, but I believe that not one division would
be more effective in consequence of it than it is
now.
Mr. Speaker, the next point open to criticism
is this: there is a creation of the office of medical
director. Here, again, I must differ from my
friend from Missouri, who intimates that the mere
detailing of a brigade surgeon of volunteers, orof
a surgeon or assistant surgeon of the regular Army
to do duty as medical director, will not create a
vacancy in the position which he now fills, and
will not be an actual creation of an office. Now,
take as an illustration any one of your divisions. I
You have a division with three brigades, each bri-
gade having a surgeon. Upon the passage ofthis
bill creating a medical director, the medical de-
partment of the Army will detail from the volun-
teer corps, or the regular Army, a gentleman to
act as medical director. Suppose a brigade sur-
geon of the volunteer corps be detailed for this
purpose, as he would be of course, that will take
him away from his brigade, and you must then
allow that brigade to be without a brigade sur-
geon, or else the detailing of a brigade surgeon as
medical director docs create an office. You have
I believe now one hundred and thirty or one hun-
dred and forty brigade surgeons, and you have
about thirty-five persons who have passed your
medical board, and have been recommended for
appointment as brigade surgeons. Every one of
your brigade surgeons is to-day upon duty, and
if you pass this bill creating the office of medical
director for each of the divisions of the Army, you
will require, besides your present force, the ser-
vices of every man who has passed your medical
board and been recommended for appointment as
a brigade surgeon. You cannot avoid it. You
have nearly forty divisions m your Army, and if
you detail forty brigade surgeons to act as medi-
cal directors, you must supply their places by forty
more who have been passed and recommended for
appointment., or allow forty brigades to bo with-
out brigade surgeons.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the state of the
case at present? Every division of your Aimy
has to-day a medical director. The medical de-
partment of every division to-day is under the
superintendence of one medical man, and just as
efficiently under the superintendence of one medi-
cal man as it will be if you pass this bill. Iiow
is it done? The senior brigade surgeon is, by vir-
tue of his seniority of commission, entitled to bo
medical director of the division. Every division
to-dfiy has a medical director in effect in the senior
brigade surgeon. This bill proposes to break up
thatsystemandcieate a medical director, by which
you will increase the number of medical officers
not less than forty, or at least one for every di-
vision m the Army.
Mr. Speaker, there is another feature which I
find in the fifteenth and sixteenth lines of this bill,
which appears to mo to have less merit than any
of them, and which is more nearly a fancy ar-
langement than any provision of any Army bill
I have seen in the House this winter. I find that
it ispioposed to authorize the general command-
ing each division to detail from the line a captain,
or authorizes the President to detail a lieutenant,
who for th'e time shall be a captain, to act as judge
advocate of the division, as if the Army were to
rest constantly and indefinitely upon the banks of
the Potomac and to waste their time m holding
courts-martial. I hope that the day is near, and
from some indications I am inclined to believe that
the day is near, when inaction shall give place to
activity, and when there shall be substituted for
this period of preparation, one of glowing, de-
termined action; and 111 view of the possible ad-
vance of the Army and its coping with the enemy,
what reason is there for the enactment of a perma-
nent provision by which there is to be created for
each division of the Army a judge advocate?
Mr. Speaker, I have a sixth objection to this
bill, and it is quite as serious as any of the others.
1 find that, in the ninth line of the bill, it is pro-
vided thaOT.here shall be appointed three aids-de-
camp, to b-.ar the rank of captain, to be appointed
by the Ptesident, on the recommendation of the
commander of the division. As the law now
stands, generals commanding divisions are enti-
tled to this assistant adjutant general, ranking as
a captain, and to two aids, with the rank and pay
of lieutenant. The fourth section ot the act of
July last provides that the aids, authorized by the
preceding section, shall be selected by the respect-
ive generals/ro?n the officers of the Army or volunteer
corps, This bill reveiscs that principle It pro-
vi'des that the three aids, who are to liave the rank
of captain, are to be appointed by the President,
on the recommendation of the commander of the
division, without any limitation whatever as to
whether they shall be taken from the officers of
the Army or from civil life. Now, I think that
omission is a very significant and a very objec-
tionable one
Mr. HUTCHINS. Will the gentleman, who
| has investigated this matter, allow me to inquire
1 how much will this bill add to the annual expenses
of the Army?
Mr. McPHERSON. I will come to that di-
rectly. Now, Mr. Speaker, why is it that while
both Houses of Congress declared in July last
! that the aids for general officers should be taken
from the regular Army or volunteer corps, there
is an attempt now made to leave out that limita-
tion? I will not go into motives or purposes; but
I object to that feature. 1 do so on the very high-
est ground; because if this law be enacted, it will
be a discrimination by the Congress of the United
States against the officers who art now in the field,
and be a positive invitation to your commanding
generals to select their aids from civil life. I ven-
ture the prediction that if this bill becomes a law
in its present shape—as I hope it will not—and if
staff appointments are to be made under it,ji large
proportion of them will be made from civil life;
and the aids will consist principally of young men
who for some reason orother have notenteied the
volunteer service, but who may have held them-
■ selves aloof from volunteering in anticipation of
an opportunity for promotion of this sort, irregu-
: lar and improper as it would be.
But, Mr. Speaker, not only would it be a dis-
crimination against officers of the regular Army
and volunteer corps, but it would be a direct dis-'
crimination against those men in the ranks who
would naturally be elected to fill the vacancies
caused by detailing line officers to staff positions.
You would thereby, as I believe, inflict a terrible
blow on the esprit de corps of the Army, and you
would do—what I hope no American Congicss
| will do—put it out of the power of respectable,
i intelligent, and deserving men in the ranks—ser-
i geants, corporals, and privates—to obtain com-
| missions. I have, as I believe, no more than a
proper feeling on the subject. I have had some
opportunity of studying the character and qual-
ifications of the men who compose the rank and
file of the army of the Potomac. There arc in
the ranks a large proportion of sergeants, corpo-
rals, and privates fit to be lieutenants and captains
of companies, and many of them are as compe-
tent for these positions as many of your brigadier
generals are to be brigadiers. I hope that if this
bill is to pass, there will be inserted in this section
of it an amendment which I propose to offer, re-
quiring these staff officers to be appointed from
the privates, non-commissioned officers, and offi-
ceis of the regular Army or volunteer corps.
These, Mr. Speaker, are my particular objec-
tions to this bill; but 1 have a general one, which
was partially indicated before. It is that you are
organizing, by means of this bill, a staff system
far more extensive than there is any necessity for.
I confess that it might be very agreeable for the
commanding generals of divisions to have a stuff
organized oil this basis. If we were on a peace
establishment, or if we had an ordinary wai es-
| tablishment, and if the condition of the Treasury
! were such as to make it proper, I would be among
j the last to do anything which, by any perversion,
j could be construed into an attempt either to wound
! the honorable pride or cripple the ambition of any
i of our commanding officers. But I do not believe
| that this is necessary. I do believe that this pro-
i posed staff organization is more extensive than is
! required. The evidence of that is written in the
i history of our army operations. On that I will
> stand oi fall.
1 Besides that, Mr. Speaker, this bill is largely
;; expensive; and now I come to the question sug-
h gested a moment ago by the gentleman fiom Ohio,
" [Mr. Hutchins.] The present staff organization
i of your generals com man ding divisions consists of
! an assistant adjutant general and two aids. The
j expenses of these officers are $429 50 per month,
i I f this bill become a law, you will,in lieuofthat,
[ have the following oigamzation: one assistant
1 adjutant general, lanking us major, with pay of
' §197 per month, one medical director, ranking as
P major, with the same pay, one assistant inspector
