3020
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
June 30,
quire repair, and it must be attended to, and it
must be done on a large scale. It is no small busi-
ness. The Senator talks of each regiment having
a little establishment that repairs arms, i hat is
very true, but those establishments amount to
scarcely anything. The fact is that arms are con-
stantly receiving injuries which require them to
be laid aside and new ones substituted. Arms are
now sent to Springfield in large numbers to be re-
paired, and then sent back again to be used, and
I understand this transportation in six months
costs more than would be required to erect these
establishments. .
That is not the only consideration which should
be borne m mind. Here is the State of Ohio, as
has been well said, with more than two million
people, and there is all of western Pennsylva-
"'mTcOLLA MER. Allow me to ask what will
the regiments do with their arms when they le-
turn home? When the regiments of Ohio return
home where will they put their arms?
Mr. WADE. I do not know that there is any
very definite regulation about that.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The legulation is that
they turn tliem over to the regimental quarter-
master, and he to some brigade quartermaster,
who takes charge of them and places them in some
established arsenal of the United States for repair
or safe-keeping. ,
Mr. WADE. I know that the arms which were
received under the old law of distribution were
almost entirely lost, because the Federal Govern-
ment had no establishment where euro was be-
stowed upon tlicm. Our Slate had a kind of estab-
lishment wlieie they weic placed, but tliey paid
no particular attention to tliein; and when the na-
tion was called upon, as has been already said,
the nine million people in the Northwest found
themselves utterly and totally destitute of arms.
Now, I ask again, is it lo be supposed that one
half of this great Republic will be entirely satis-
fied with the'fact that the General Government has
no depository of arms in their midst, and takes
not the least care to see that that people can be
furnished wilh arms in an emergency ? I think
that is very desirable. It seems to me the nrop-
osition commends itself to anybody who will take
into view the circumstances of the case. The cost
of these establishments is not great. I do not, be-
lieve you can expect that this great people will be
satisfied with anything less than this, and 1 did not
suppose there would lie the least objection to the
bill. The Military Committee leported the bill;
I do nnl know how they stood among themselves;
hut 1 stated before that they were unanimous. 1
did not know anything to the contrary, but the
Senator from New York says they were not.
Mr. KING. 1 spoke of the report as made to
the Senate.
Mr. WA I)E. 1 think there is no occasion for
referring the lull to any other committee. We
know veiy well that a majority of I he select com-
mittee in regard to a national armory and found-
cry are opposed to nil these things; at least so I
hear and believe, and therefore. I hope it will not
bo referred to them. Those who are opposed to
these arsenals may vote to send the bill into that
gulf, hoping by that means to kill the bill. 1
would rather see it killed oft' directly, for that will
be the end of it if you send it lo that committee;
it will not come back again this session, and it
will be lout. Now, let us march light up to the
question diiectly. It* gentlemen believe it is not
proper mid right that the people of the Northwest
should have a depository or place where their
arms can lie repaired, say so. 1 shall give my
vote the other way, believing that I vote in accoid-
unce with the will of the people whom 1 represent,
and their just and proper expectations. Ido not
believe the Government is secure, Of that the peo-
ple ore secure without some such prudential pro-
vision. 1 hope the Senate, will not kill the bill by
this indirect motion to refer. I trust the motion
will be negatived, and the vote taken directly on
the passage of the bill. I expect and wish that
the lull may pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to refer the bill to the select com-
mittee raised on the question of a national found-
er y and armory.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio has
made rather a vigorous appeal to me as a western
man to desist from any opposition to this bill. I
do not think the appeal is well taken. I do not
believe I am unmindful of western interests, and. 1
am a little surprised that the Senator should still
affect to understand me as opposing the location
of an armory in the western country. I have be-
lieved from the beginning that there ought to be,
somewhere in theNorth west,a manufactory estab-
lished for the construction of arms. I said so dis-
tinctly. I will support such a measure. Butlook
at it. Will any Senator stand here and contend that
each place in the West, or in the East, has equal
facilities for manufacturing arms? You have
heard a debate here, and an able one, from two
Senators upon this floor from the same State, as
to which of throe or four points within their indi-
vidual particular State had the most facilities for
this business. Can the Senate undertake to know,
definitely, which is right of the propositions upon
which those two Senators differ so widely? I say
once more, if you will take the pains to be in-
formed which of all the points named is the best
one for manufacturing arms, I will support an ap-
propriation to establish the business at that point.
1 feel as confident as any Senator here that the
point which the Slate of Wisconsin has indicated,
and which I indicated when I first took the floor,
is the best one for the Government of the United
States—better than any of those which have been
proposed here. What consideration, then,calls
upon me to ignore that fact simply because I live
in the West? I cannot say what might have been
the effect upon my action and upon my vote if this
omnibus bill had seen fit to include the State of
Wisconsin in it, and to have established an arse-
nal or an incipient manufactory in it. I might
have been as loud in praise of Columbus and In-
dianapolis and Rock Island, as other Senators are,
if I could have had their praises in behalf of Wis-
consin. I say I might have been; Ido not say I
should have been. My judgment is that the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and it is on its be-
half I am speaking, requires but one manufactory,
and that we should take pains to know where that
should be, and I have not pretended for one mo-
ment that wo should confine the manufacture of
arms to the State of Massachusetts or the town
of Springfield or any other point.
I think this bill had better be committed, and I
shall vote for the commitment, not for the purpose
of killing the project of an armory m the West,
for in spite of tlmtcommittal, and indeed through
that committal, 1 shall hope to secure that meas-
ure; but if it kills this bill, I shall be rejoiced at
it, for I do not believe we oughtto establish three
arsenals or three armories for the repair of arms.
There was a project intioduced into the Senate
early in the session providing for an armory at
Rock Island,and appropriating, I think,§100,000
for one armory at Rock Island. What lias be-
come of that bill I am not prepared to say. Some-
how or other it has got metamorphosed, by what
agency 1 know not, by what necromancy I know
not, but it seems to have been the transformed
piojcct now before the Senate to establish three
arsenals for the repair of arms and appropriating
$100,000 to each of them. I do not like this sort
of legislation. I think every project should stand
upon its own merits, and not stand upon the
strength of any combinations that may be formed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to refer this bill to the select com-
mittee on the subject of a national armory and
fouiidery.
Mr. IIOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that, motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsms. Anthony, Uayard, Browning, Carlile,
Clark, Cowan, Davis, Fessenden, Foster, Ilalo, Hender-
son, Howe, Kennedy, King, Powell, Saul&bnry, Ten Eyek,
and VVdson oI'Missouu—IS.
NAYS—Messu. Collamer, Dixon, Foot, Grimes, Har-
lan, Hauls, Lane of Indiana. Lane ol Kansas, Mon ill, Nes-
miIt), Sherman, Simmons.Stai k, Sumncr,TiumbulI,Wude,
U'iikiiih.on, Wiiley, and Wright—19.
So the motion did not prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Wisconsin, upon which the yeas and nays
have been demanded.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bnyaid,Caili!o, Davis, Dixon,
Poster, Henderson, Howe, Kennedy, King, Powell, Sauls-
bury, and Toil Eyck—13.
NAYd—Messrs. Browning, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Poileroy,
Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Sumner, 1 iiimbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Wiiley, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—£)■
So the amendment was rejected.
Ml". BROWNING. I move to amend by striking
out''on Rock Island," and inserting "atSpring-
field." The objects of this bill being as they are
stated by those who have it in special charge, it
seems to me that it would be very appropriate to
make this amendment. I have no hostility to
Rock Island; it is a part of our country, and of my
own State, the interests of which I am as willing
to advance as much as thoseof any other portion
of the State; but if the purpose of the bid is to
provide facilities for repairing arms during the pro-
gress of this war, as it is stated to be, at places to
which they can be easily transported for that pur-
pose, and from which they can be easily and readily
returned to the places of use, it would be some-
what difficult to find a place in Illinois less accessi-
ble for that purpose than Rock Island, bpring-
field is right in the center of the State, and it is
also to some extent a railroad center, lhere is
already a very considerable amount of that Uusi-
ncss done at Springfield; there is machinery there,
as I learn from my colleague, and as I think is the
fact, which is now being used for that purpose.
Aims are being repaired and ammunition man-
ufactured there, and this perhaps has been going
on constantly since the commencement of the war.
It could at once be adapted to the purpose; you
would not have to create everything before you
commenced doing any valuable work in the re-
pairs of injured arms, but the Government could
at once adapt the establishment and machinery
that are at present engaged in precisely this class
of work. Springfield is easily reached from the
seat of war in the West, fiom any part of the
army of the Mississippi. Rock Island cannot be
loss, if it is not more, than five hundred miles
from any place where our armies are being em-
ployed. It would be attended with a vast deal of
expense and cost to carry arms to Rock Island
and carry them back again to where they were
needed, even after incurring all the expense of
creating establishments and providing machinery
for doing the work necessary to be done with the
arms after they were taken there. If it 3s proper
for us to put one of these arsenals in the center of
Ohio, and another in the center of Indiana, the
reason would seem to be equally urgent for put-
ting another in the center of Illinois, in addition
to the reasons which I have already stated. If the
bill is passed, I think this amendment ought cer-
tainly and unquestionably to be made. As we
have a quorum present, 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I concur with my colleague
that so far as Illinois is concerned, if this arsenal
is for the benefit of Illinois, it would be more con-
venient to have it" at Springfield in the present
emergency than at Rock Island. I think he is
right in that. That isacentral location, the capi-
tal of the State, and the arsenals in the other States
are at the capital. Simply for our State, it would
be better to have it there; but if it is for the North-
west, for Iowa and the other States on the upper
Mississippi, other considerations would govern.
On the same principle, however, I think they
would bo entitled to one located at the seat of
government m those States. I am not aware but
that there ought to be an arsenal established at
the capital of each of our States. Every southern
State prior to this rebellion had an arsenal within
its limits, and some had two or three.
Mr. MORRILL. Of the Government of the
United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; the Government of
the United States had an arsenal in every southern
State pnor to the breaking out of this rebellion,
and there was not one west of the Alleghany
mountains in the Northwest. The Governmentof
the United States had its arsenal at Augusta, in
Georgia; at Baton Rouge,in Louisiana;at Payette-
ville, in North Carolina; at Charleston, in South
Carolina; at Richmond, in Virginia; at Newport,
in Kentucky. I am not sure about Tennessee, but
there was certainly a large deposit in Arkansas,
and there was one in Texas. I think it would be
proper that there should be arms at the capital of
every State. As a mere arsenal for the deposit of
arms and simply putting them in repair for use,
