2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
ent Congress. You have passed measures at the
present session of Congress that will be resisted
by all the white population of the State of Ken-
tucky, measures that are unconstitutional, that
are unwise, that are unjust, that are iniquitous,
and that I would counsel my people to resist by
every mode of resistance that they could devise.
Mr. WILSON, ,of Massachusetts. I call the
Senator to order for uttering treasonable senti-
ments on the floor of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The Senator from Massachusetts
calls the Senator from Kentucky to order.
Mr. DAVIS. He is no judge of treason.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I call the
Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
take their seats. The Senator from Massachu-
setts calls the Senator from Kentucky to order.
It is his duty to reduce the words to writing, under
the rules of the body.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, the Senator from Kentucky said in sub-
stance—I do not pretend to quote his prefiise
words—" Congress has passed measures that the
people of Kentucky will resist, and I should coun-
sel the people to resist them by every means in
their power." I call the Senator to order for
uttering words of that character on the floor of
the American Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky will proceed in order.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has not taken down the words which I ut-
tered. These were the words that I uttered,and
I repeat them: thatin my judgment, the Congress
of the United States has passed unconstitutional
measures, and so far as those measures are un-
constitutional I will advise my constituents to
resist them. That is what I said.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. WILKINSON. Oh,
no.
Mr. DAVIS. What did I say, then ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Kentucky
inquires what he said. I listened to the Senator
from Kentucky while lie was pronouncing the of-
fensive language which has been complained of,
and if my memory serves me, and I paid very good
attention to what he said, the language as taken
down by the Senatoi from Massachusetts is cor-
rect.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts does not pretend to take down the words
which 1 uttered. He only takes down the sub-
stance. How then can the gentleman from Mich-
igan say that the language as taken by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts was correct when he does
not pretend to take down the language?
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer. I say that
the language is correctly written down upon the
paper submitted by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to say nothing of the substance of it, un-
qualifiedly—if the Senator from Kentucky desires
to present a defiance of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 intended to say
what I believe I did say, and what I repeat, that,
in my judgment, the present Congress has passed
unconstitutional laws, and to the extent that I
deem them unconstitutional 1 will advise my con-
stituents to resist them. That is what I said. If
I said anything different from that I did not ex-
press what I meant; but that was my meaning,
and I now reiterate it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine renew his motion?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, We can have
the words in a moment precisely asuttered. The
statement as I have taken it down is the idea stated
by that Senator, and I think to some extent his
words. It is very near them; much nearer than
the statement of the Senator now. What lie states
now qualifies it, puts it m a very diffcient aspect
from that in which he originally stated it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I went on and
stated a context, and, in connection with that con-
text, was the distinct proposition that some of the
legislation of the present session of Congress was
unconstitutional, and it was in that context that I
said 1 would advise my constituents to resist the
unconstitutional legislation of Congress: that is
what i said; it is why I intended &to say; it is
what I now lepeat. I am not a man to advise re-
sistance to a constitutional law; 1 never have and
never will; but I advise resistance to an unconsti-
tutional law. I will do it here; I will do it every-
where. Every man must judge for himself upon
his own peril.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was there not a motion
to lay on the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
was withdrawn by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Chair
whether it is in order for a Senator not in argu-
ment upon a question, to charge the Senate, with-
out qualification, with having passed unconstitu-
tional laws?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say that as it was understood that the Senator
from Kentucky qualified the remark complained
of, the question of order was not persisted in. At
least, so the Chair understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not meet my
query. I ask whether it is in Older for a Senator
to charge the Senate, without qualification, with
having passed unconstitutional laws?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not decide the question until the point is made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That point is made in the
words taken down.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have had
the precise words of the Senator from Kentucky
written out. I believe they are ready now. I want
them to go to the Chair, and I want this question
of fact as to the words settled. I ask the Secre-
tary to read the words of the Senator from Ken-
tucky as reported by the reporter.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" You liavo parsed measures at the present session of
CongK'SK thai will be refuted by all the white population
of the Slate of Kentucky—meas>utes that arc unconstitu-
tional, that aio unwise, that aie unjubt, that arc iniquitous,
ami that I would counsel rny people to lcsist by every mode
of resistance that they could devise "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insist upon his point of
order?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
disposition, sir, to insist upon this point of order;
but I called the Senator to order, because I deemed
his language such as should not be used on the
floor of the Senate of the United States. It is lan-
guage that patriotism cannot sanction. It is the
language that treason in years past has uttered on
this floor and m the other House. The traitors
who uttered those words heie in our ears years
ago, who made these Halls ling with their trea-
sonable utterances, are now in armed rebellion
against the country. I do not wish to hear then-
language repeated here now by any one, whether
by one who lias courage to follow their example
or not.
The Senatoi tells us that we have passed un-
constitutional legislation. That is his dcclatation.
It is his opinion. It will pass here and elsewhere
for what it is worth. I take it, sir, that it is only
his opinion, and he is entitled to his opinion. I
know nothing about that Senator which entitles
his opinions to any more weight than the opinions
of any other Senator in this body; and I doubt, sir,
the propriety of any Senator rising on this floor
and charging the Senators of the United States
with having passed unconstitutional and flagitious
measures, measures which ought to be resisted by
all the means they can devise. I would suggest
that the Senator from Kentucky had better be less
pietentious among his equals here.
But, sir, the Senator talks about the white peo-
ple of Kentucky making resistance to these meas-
ures. What measures? What measure has this
Congress passed that the white men of Kentucky'
are to resist? Will the Senator tell us? I should
like to know what it is that has been done here
ftom the commencement of this Congress to the
present hour, that the men of Kentucky arc to
resist. And how arc they to resist our measures ?
Does the Senator mean to say that the men of
j Kentucky will oppose what we have done to the
j extent of testing cases in the judicial tribunals of
the country? If he means only that, he means
nothing at all, for the peopie of any section of the
country can do that, and are continually doing
it. Docs he mean that they will resist by wordy
warfare? The Senator from Kentucky has been
waging that warfare all this session. Docs he
mean that the people of Kentucky shall, with arms
in their hands, resist the legislation of this Gov-
ernment? Is that what they will do, and is that
what he will counsel them to do? If so, he goes
beyond the position he assumed last summer.
Then, when the Government asked for the men
of Kentucky to stand by the country, that Sen-
ator advised them to do no such thing, but to
maintain neutrality towards their country. Last
summer, he could advise the men of Kentucky to
be neutral when the question was whether this
nation should live or die, whether this Govern-
ment should survive or perish. Now he is going
to advise them to resist. They are to be moire
than neutral now. When the country called on
the men of Kentucky to stand by it, to stand by
the old Constitution and the old flag, and to de-
fend the menaced capital of the country, Govern-
or Magoffin, speaking for Kentucky, telegraphed
back to the President the indignant refusal of Ken-
tucky to furnish a man to stand by the periled
Union. When armed traitors resisted the author-
ity of the Government and fired upon the emblem
of its sovereignty, Kentucky speaking by her
Governor scornfully refused to respond to the
appeal of the President for volunteers to protect
the national capital and preserve the national life,
Af'cr the men of Massachusetts, hastening to the
defense of the capital, were smitten down in the
streets of Baltimore, the Senator from Kentucky
wrote from that city to the men of Kentucky to
" let Kentucky look to herself and her own self-
preservation, " i( let her roll back the red waves
of war from North or South," " and when the
contending parties become worn and wasted by
a prolonged and bloody war, she can then effect-
ively interfere to command a general peace."
Yes, sir, last spring the Senator from Kentucky
counseled neutrality between patriotism and trea-
son. He is progressive, one of your progressive
conservatives. He will not advise Kentucky to
be neutral now. He vauntingly tells us that her
white people will resist. Yes, sir, he will advise
them to resist by all the means they can devise.
Is this the language of patriotism ? Is this fit lan-
guage for an American Senator to utter in this
Chamber? Is it language that any man who has
an American heart in his bosom, and who loves
his country, can utter? Sir, it is language that
ought to be rebuked, and^vill be rebuked by every
man who loves the country and who upholds its
institutions.
The Senator talks about our measures,and the
time we have spent. He has spent more hours
than any other Senator in discussing these meas-
ures; and I must say, too, that he has discussed
them in a manner more offensive than any other
Senator since the traitors took their leave of this
body.
Sir, I am the last man to complain of any one
for freedom of speech on this floor, or anywhere
else; but I give notice now to the Senator, and to
anybody who chooses to follow his example, that
while I have a seat here no Senator shall ever
threaten to resist by all the means he can devise
the legislation of the country, that I will not call
him to order; that I wilt not denounce such lan-
guage as the language not of patriotism, but lan-
guage worthy only of men who are ready to lift
their hands to overthrow the institutions of their
country. Sir, it was language borrowed from the
Davises, the Toombses, the Breckinridges, and
the men who stood here year after year threaten-
ing the destruction of their country, and then
turned their backs to us, and took ai ms and raised
the banner of revolt against the nation.
Now, sir, I maintain that this Congress has
passed no measure in violation of the Constitution
of the country; and I do not know a Senator who
would vote for a measure in violation of the Con-
stitution. Sir, when we come out of this bloody
contest which has been forced upon us without
cause, I desire that it may be said that we have
come out of it with the Constitution of the United
States vindicated and maintained, and that it shall
be seen that the Constitution was ample to carry
this nation through rebellion, as it had cairied it
through peace and through foreign wars.
Now, sir, what have we done\hat the Senator
can complain of? We have passed an act that
everybody who has had the character of a states-
man in all the past history of this country has
maintained our power to do—I refer to the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia. Will
the Senator advise Kentucky to resist that meas-
ure by all the means her people can devise ? We
