3022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
a certain way, and the law now fixes the number
at two hundred and thirty-three. The Constitu-
tion fixes the number ofSenators at two from each
State. With thirty-four States we should have
sixty-eight Senators. In each case, therefore, the
number is fixed by law. The number of the House
of Representatives is fixed by a law passed in pur-
suance1 of an express provision of the Constitution,
the number being based upon the census. By the
Constitution the number is fixed that may come
here, but that does not settle the question as to
what constitutes a quorum. In both cases, as I
have said, the number of each House is fixed by
law. The House of Representatives, at the be-
ginning of llie extra session, decided that a quo-
rum should consist of a majority of those entitled
to-come and take their scats in the 1 louse, and that
was acquiesced in by all parties. The same rule,
under precisely the same circumstances, would
make twenty-five a majority of the Seriate and a
quorum to do business.
I looked up all the precedents, as it was a mat-
ter in which we ought not to act without an ex-
amimitiouofprccedents, and I find that it has been
ruled both ways in the Senate and in the House
of Representatives; but I believe generally and al-
most universally it has been considered that a ma-
jority of those fixed by law would be necessary
to constitute a quorum. It has been decided both
ways in the House of Representatives after do-
bate. In one case, when the State of Wisconsin
was admitted, it added two to the number of Rep-
resentatives, and consequently increased the quo-
rum. The subject was then discussed there, and
Howell Cobb decided—and it was acquiesced in
without a division—that as the number of mem-
bers was tun-eased two by law, it required one
more to coiistituton quorum. Theie was a decis-
ion directly adverse to that, however, tit another
period in the House of Jlepiesentatives. These
decisions were brought before the House of Repre-
sentatives last summer, when the present Speaker
decided tliat a majority of' those entitled to come
and take their seats, a majority of those of whose
election there was evidence before the House,
would constitute a quorum; and he gave liis rca-
sotw for it, and it seems to me those reasons are
conclusive, if you adopt any other principle you
acknowledge the worst featurcof secession. Take
now the case in which wo are placed with thirty-
seven Seiiatorshere; two are sick, one from Mas-
sachusetts, fiYlr. Wit.sov,|and ottef'toiii Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. JJooi.rm.ii, | and several are absent.
Four or live Hoiinioni fiom two or three States by
staying away might break up this Congress.
la that tin' true construction of the Constitution?
According to my judgment, llie Constitution is a
machine intended to be pei petual, and it is not in
the powei either of a minority of the Slates or a
minority of the people of llie State* to break up
this Crovernnjrnt. t\ very small minority of the
people of tile l/uiled Slates might break up the
Government, if'u required tliirty-five Weimtortial-
ways to lie here to constitute a quorum. Take
(lie representatives of the small States-, two or
three of them withdrawing now would break up
a quorum, and consequently prevent us from do-
ing business. 1!' it is absolutely necessary to have
a majority of all the Senatois who could be elected
to make a quorum, the effect would be that two
or three Mates now might hy withdinwingbreak
up a quorum.
1 Jii.s is u question that I would not press were
not the necessity imminent, and if it were not im-
portant. i have no doubt about (Ik; question,and
therefore 1 think it is one that is proper to be pre-
sented to Senators. KSenators are not muly to
vote on the question without reflection, and a refer-
ence to me Constitution, I will refer to the various
eases which have been decided. 1 had them hunted
up. I had slieni carefully sehctcd in the office of
the Secretary of ihc .Senate; though perhaps 1 may
not be aole now to lay my hands on them ail. It
all turns on the question whether or not a major-
ity of all the Senators that might bv possibility
be elected—that is, a nui|oniy of six"ty-i:i«bt—or
wlietht r a mu|,.rity of iliose who have been elected,
ami are emit led to inlce seats—that is, a majosity
of forty-nine con-^tiio'cs a quorum. In my jad*1"-
mem; '' y"U i .'cn ni/,o the doeii nie that it requires
a majority of all who might constitute the Senate,
two from each State, to niske a quorum, you will
break up the Senate, as you certainly would have
broken up the House of Representatives. That
doctrine was fairly presented there; it was pre-
sented by Mr. Vailandioham; the point of order
was raised, and after a slight discussion, even he
abandoned it on the simple ground of absolute
necessity, and oil the ground that the provisions
of the Constitution of the United States, when you
take them all together, and consider them fairly,
justify that construction. When the two provis-
ions that I have mentioned are considered together,
the question is left, I think, with but very little
doubt, that a majority to constitute a quorum is a
majority of those who are entitled to come here
and take their seats. There are but two classes
of Senators mentioned in the Constitution; those
who are present, and those who are absent. Those
who are present, even when a minority,can com-
pel the attendance of absentees. Can we compel
the attendance of men who are not elected ? Many
of those States have no Senators. They have not
been clected. They have failed to elect them for
reasons that we know very well. How can
we who are here, compel their attendance ? Cer-
tainly we cannot; and yet there arc only two
classes ofSenators referred to in the Constitution:
those who are present, and those who are absent.
Those who are present, if less than a quorum,
cannot transact business, but may compel the at-
tendance of those who are absent. It seems to
mo that wc have arrived at such a stage of the
session, and the Senate is in such a condition, that
we ough t to decide this very important question. If
the Senate wish to look at the various precedents,
I will hunt them up, bring them here, and read
tiio cases.
Mr. BAYARD. I do notdesiie to debate this
question now, because I did not know it was com-
ing up; but it is entirely contrary to what I have
always understood since I have been a member of
this body, to be the settled construction of the Con-
stitution, that unless precedents are given show-
ing me that the Senate has varied at different times
in its decision, I cannot support the resolution. It
strikes me as manifestly wrong. I do not think it
has anything to do with the question of secession.
I do not see that ithastheremotestconnection with
it, though that may be. avciy available argument,
if you can make that impression on the Senate,
lor the purpose of creating a fluctuating quorum
iu the body, because the principle of the honora-
ble Senator's argument would go to this: that the
quorum of the Senate depends not only upon the
action of the States in electing; but if accidentally
a vacancy occurs before a State has time to elect,
when her rights may be affected, the quorum is to
fluctuate and to vary from day to day. That is
the necessary result of his dortiinc.
Mr. D WIS. I think it will be time enough
to meet thequostion raised by this resolution when
it becomes necessary to meet it. It is not acces-
sary Jt> make it and decide it now; it is a question
thai is decided by the Constitution, and it will be
just as competent for it to be decided by the num-
ber of Senators which the Senator from Ohio
would contend to bo a quorum, as by the number
that 13 now present. 1 therefore move that the
resolution be laid upon the table for the present,
and that we go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain both motions at once.
Mr.SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that he had better move the executive
session alone; ho cannot move the two motions
together.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 do not know whether
Seiiators are prepared to vote on tins resolution,
but I think wc might as well decide it now. I
fear we shall bo very aiueh embarrassed, unless
we pass tiie lesolutinn, and I am therefore in-
clined to ask for the yeas and nays on this mo-
tion. I am willing to have this question decided
without any further debate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Ohio whether our voting alters the
question. It is a question to be decided by the
Constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that the Chair,
the officer who presides over this body, on a ques-
tion of order, because it would be raised on a
question of order, would follow the general prac-
tice. Forinstance: according to the common prac-
tice, we have acted on the idea that thirty-five is a
quorum, and the Chair, no doubt, would follow
that precedent, unless the Senate, by a solemn
vote, declared that a less number was a quorum;
and therefore I wish to have, the question settled
by the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Is this debate in order, pending
the motion I have made ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Amotion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness isnota very debatable question, if the Chair
may use that expression. Some brief reasons
may be^assigned for or against going into execu-
tive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless gentlemen want
•to consider this question longer, I think we may
as well take the vote now. 1 made up my mind
some time ago to vote for the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Ohio. It may save us a
great deal of inconvenience and much time. I
think that unless some Senator desires time to
consider it, we may as well take the vote now.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Reference hav-
ing been made to the probable decision of the
Chair, in case a question of order should arise,
as to what should constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, the Chair feels bound to
state that he would deem himself obliged to follow
the precedent, the uniform practice since he has
been a member of this body for the last eleven
years. The Chair will further state, as a mem-
ber of the body, and in his right as a Senator,
that some ten or eleven years ago this very ques-
tion was debatedatlength,and with great ability,
by many of the oldest and ablest members of the
body, by Mr. Clay, by Mr. Berrien, by Mr. Un-
deiwood, by Mr. Badger, and others, and it was
decided by an emphatic vote that it required a
majority of the whole number entitled to seats in
the body to constitute a quorum. The Chair
would follow that cmphatic decision of the body
since the present occupant of the Chair has been
n member of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say that I be-
lieve that is the true rule; a majority of those en-
titled to seats constitute a q'uorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
perhaps was misunderstood, or unfortunate in his
expression. The decision was that it required a
majority of the whole number to which the body
would be entitled, in case it was full; every State
represented. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.'
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
[" Oh, no !"] I withdraw the call.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Before the doors are closed, I
wish to give notive that I have tried all day to get
up a public bill, and have not succeeded,but I shall
try to-morrow again, and so on until the private
bills are disposed of.
After some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 30, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton,
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PRISONERS OP TIIE YELMA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of YVar, in answer
to a resolution of the House of 28th April last,
relative to the release of the prisoners taken on
the sloop Velma; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENKOLLUD BILLS.
- from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act(H. R.No. 425) to incorporate the Guard-
ian Society and Reform Juvenile Offenders in the
District of Columbia;
An act (ti. R. No. 312) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay inter-
est on the public debt;
An act (H. R. No. 521) for the relief of William
B. Dodd and others;
An act (H. R. No. 515) to provide for the ap-
