THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 9d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1861.
New Series No. 6.
business; our young men of all parties, and of
every avocation of life, are fighting our battles.
What for? To put down this rebellion; to sub-
due this treason.
Why, sir, when the President called for aid;
nay, before he called—upon the day the attack
was made upon Fort Sumter, who was there in
the land that dreamed of the intense loyalty which
lived in the hearts of our people? We had been
living for nearly fifty years in peacc; we had been
divided among different parties; we had been
carrying on the various pursuits of life; we had
success and prosperity; cities had sprung from
the ground in a day; no nation had prospered so
much as we. Who knew of our loyalty? We
had hated each other as politicians; who knew
how we would love each other as loyal men? Here
in this House, a Democrat of the Breckinridge
school said to me last year that he would pledge
himself that there would be from New York no
less than an army of fifty thousand men, who
would come from their homes to fight against the
North. Yet what an echo that Sumter gun cre-
ated ! Why, sir, it sounded through the North,
and the East, and the West, and their startled
population jumped to arms. It sounded through
our valleys and over our plains, and the deserted
plow was left in the half turned furrow by the
yeomanry of the land. It sounded through our
towns, villages, and cities, and the mechanic left
his shop, the merchant forgot his unbalanced
ledger, and the lawyer left his cases untried,and,
with his clients, hastened to the field. It sounded
along the aisles of our churches, and pastors and
people, their prayers and their patriotism working
to one end, marched to the war. More than six
hundred thousand men are now in arms. They
have left their homes, and on the land and on the
sea are upholding the flag, and sustaining the
power and defending the honor of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, the relation of master and slave
within the several States in November, 18G0, was
safe from congressional interference. The pres-
idential campaign had just closed. Slavery was
not to be extended. To that extent the Republican
party had been pledged. But the mad dertermin-
ation to rule or to ruin was carried into effect.
South Carolina fanaticism hurried the South into
this rebellion. And now the whole industrial in-
terests of this generation have been overturned.
Fortunes and business, houses, lands, and homes
and the lives of the best men in the land have been
thrown into this war. And yet, when we know
that slavery has caused it, and when it is plain
that in no way can their strength be overcome and
our peace secured so quickly and effectively as by
striking down this power they use against us, we
are found to hesitate, and timidly to halt and to
consider!
Sir, if we have a right to argue of the ways of
Providence, we might say, without irreverence,
that the hand of God points to us our duty.
Our President may act, ourCommander-in-Chief,
within his province, and the officers under him
in command may act, and I believe are called
upon to act, by every consideration of humanity
and of patriotism. And, coming from the Com-
monwealth I represent, in part—a State which has
performed no small service in this war—I call
upon you to aid me in giving such expression of
the judgment of this House as shall command
respect! I am not here to boast of the bravery or |
the patriotism of Massachusetts soldiers. Prom :
the port where I have my home more than fifteen
hundred men have been shipped for our Navy.
From all our sea-boaid and island towns their
skillful and hardy sons are found as masters upon
the quarter-deck, and as seamen on board our
ships. From our whole State her young men are
with the Army. More than twenty thousand of ;
her sons arc in the field ready and willing, as you i
know, to shed their hearts' blood in their coun-
try's cause.
In their name and in their behalf I pray you
to call upon the military arm to strike that blow
more effective for peace and for freedom than
armies or victories can be, and convert the slave,
6
which is the power of the enemy, into the free
man who shall be their dread. So shall the sword
intervene for freedom! If I have read the history
of Massachusetts aright that is the intervention
her fathers contemplated! In the early days of
English freedom, when constitutional liberty was
beginning to find a home in the hearts of English-
men, after Hampden and Eliot and their com-
patriots had been working in the cause, in the
days of Charles, a young man, in an album which
he found in a public library, wrote these two lines:
" Usee manus, inimica tyrannis,
Ense petit placidam sub hbertate quietem."
"This hand, hostile to tyrants,
Seeks with the sword quiet rest in freedom."
They called down upon his head the indignant
rebuke of an offended king; but the monarch has
died and Sydney has passed away, yet while
Massachusetts shall live the lines he then inscribed
shall be remembered. In after years, when our
forefathers were seeking to find a motto, for their
State coat of arms, they could select none that
seemed to them as pertinent as the last of those
two lines; and there it stands—
"Ense petit placidam sub libertate quietem."
And now she asks through the humblest of her
sons, that the military power of our chief, hostile
always to rebellion, shall thus, with the sword,
secure quiet rest in freedom.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
am sorry that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] has invited political discussion upon
the floor of this House; I will endeavor not to
exhibit the same bad taste by following his line of
discussion, although what he has said seemed to
have been thrown down in the shape of a gage of
battle. He asserted in broad terms that slavery
was the cause of this war. I deny the proposition.
I declare that the unnecessary agitation of the sla-
very question was the cause of the war. At least
such is my conviction. With that declaration I
leave the question, believing that my assertion
will amount to aboutas much as thegentleman's.
I propose, sir, to test the gentleman's argument
by the message of the President of the United
States, from which he himself has read. I sup-
pose that the question of loyalty is not to be set-
tled upon the idea of who was opposed to the
agitation of slavery or who favored it,butbywho
is ready to stand by the Government in its hour
of need. That, I suppose, is now the test of loy-
alty, and I think it bad taste in gentlemen upon
this floor to undertake to tear open old sores, and
to introduce upon the floor of this, the most re-
sponsible body the world ever saw, a political
discussion. 1 hope, sir, that the members of this
body, without regard to party distinctions, are
ready to rise above all passions and prejudices,
and stand up for their country in this, "the hour
of her darkest peril." I do not suppose that we
shall agree upon all questions which will be here
discussed, but I hope we may discuss all ques-
tions in a spirit of liberality, and a desire to do
equal justice to those who happen to oppose our
views.
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] read a sentence from the President's mes-
sage recently communicated to the two Houses of
Congress, and I desire to continue the same sen-
tence of which he read a part, and to finish it:
" Wo should not be m baste to determine that radical and
extreme llicasuie;-, wliirli may reach the loyal as well as
the disloyal, are indispensable."
While I subscribe to the sentiment which the
gentleman read from the message of the Presi-
dent that the Union must be preserved, and hence
that all indispensable means must be employed,
I say that I am ready to go as far as any gentle-
man upon the other side of the House in support
of that sentiment. I am ready to stand up to it
" to the last of my blood and my breath;" and I
trust that all the men who surround me here have
just as loyal hearts as the men who sit upon the
other side of the House.
I have taken the trouble—and not much trou-
ble either, because I heard it read in this House
—but 1 have endeavored to read this message of
the President of the United States with some con-
siderable care, because I consider it to be a very
important State paper; and I apprehend that the
gentleman from Massachusetts will not be able
to find in that message any other sentence that,
by the remotest implication, can be construed
to mean that the President of the United States
desires any action by Congress at all upon ihis
subject; and I think if the gentleman will peruse
with care what the President says, it may be vei y
fairly inferred that he deprecates the idea of any
legislation upon this vexed question at this time.
He says:
" If a new law upon the same subject [that is the confis-
cation of rebel property] shall be proposed, its propriety
will be considered."
This is the only sentence in that message, from
the beginning to the end, by which the President
of the United States can te supposed by any
implication to intimate that he desires any legis-
lation whatever upon that subject. And it does
not appear to me that the gentleman strengthens
his argument by reading the newspaper report of
what is said to have been originally contained in
the report of the Secretary of War, for the fact
that it was finally suppressed is pretty good evi-
dence that it did not meet the views of the war
power.
I suppose it is pretty well understood that the
President of the United States is at the head of
the Army of the United States. He says in his
message that he has appointed a man to the actual
command of the Army in whom he has the greatest
confidence; and he'has appointed a man, undoubt-
edly, to whom the whole country looks as being
the proper man for that position. Now it appears
to me that it can hardly be expected that we, as
members of Congress, shall enter into the private
councils of the President of the United States and
the actual Commander-in-Chief of the Army. I
suppose they know what they are doing with this
vast Army, and I suppose we do not; and I sup-
pose that if we did, then whoever has disclosed it
ought to be placed in the same position that some
others have been placed in who have been denied
the right of habeas corpus, because we ought not
to know what the President of the United States
and his commander-in-chief are doing. And are
we willing to take upon ourselves the responsi-
bility of embarrassing the military authorities of
the country by pouring upon them more of these
fugitive slaves when they arc already troubled
beyond measure in determining what to do with
those they already have ?
Allow me to call the attention of the gentleman
to one other sentence contained in the message of
the President of the United States.
" It has been said that one bad general is better than two
good ones; and the sayins is true, if taken to mean no more
than that an army is« better directed by a fein^h- mind, though
inferior, than by two snpeiior ones at variance and cross
purposes with each other."
Well, I think there will be more than two minds
at cross purposes if this Congress undortalcos to
direct this war. At the extra session of Congress
I understood the learned and distinguished gentle-
man from the State of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who occupies the important position of
chairman of the leading committee of this House,
to state upon this floor that the military power of
the Government had not only all the power that
the bill under discussion at that time contem-
plated, but a great deal more; and although I
might not quite agree with that learned gentleman
as to the full extent of that military power, yet it
answers very well for the purpose of my present
position. I know, Mr. Speaker, that a very prom-
inent member of this House, from the State of
| Massachusetts, an astute and learned lawyer, a
| man who occupies a seat upon the other side of
< the House, and who ia believed to be in the c^yi-
; fidence—and deservedly so—ofthe Administration
i of this country, declined to vote for, and voted
against the confiscation law of the extra session,
i upon the ground that it was entirely unnecessary,
' and that all the power that was needed already
| belonged to the military authority of the country,
