1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\m
may follow it. Such as may seem indispensable,
or may obviously promise great efficiency towards
ending the struggle, must and will come.
The proposition now made, though an offer
only, I hope it may be esteemed no offense to ask
whether the pecuniary consideration tendered
would not be of more value to the States and pri-
vate persons concerned, than are the institution,
and property in it, in the present aspect of affairs.
While it is true that the adoption of the pro-
posed resolution would be merely initiatory, and
not within itself a practical measure, it is recom-
mended in the hope that it would soon lead to im-
pot tan t practical results. In full view of my great
responsibility to my God and to my country, I
earnestly beg the attention of Congress and the
people to the subject.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
March G, 1862.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OE COIN.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to authorize the pur-
chase of com, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time.
Mi. STEVENS. 1 wish to say a single word
in explanation of this bill. It will be recollccted
that by an amendment to the Treasury note bill,
madf by the Senate, and concurred m by this
House, the Secretary of the Treasury was author-
ized to sell bonds at their market value for the pur-
■ pose of meeting what was made necessary by the
specieamendment. Thatdid not include the seven
and three tenths per cent, notes. The Secretary
of the Treasury is of opinion that he could dis-
pose of them to much better advantage than the
bonds at present, and inasmuch as $60,000,000 of
notes are made receivable for public dues, for im-
ports, there will be no coin coming from that quar-
ter at present to pay the interest. There must,
therefore, be a sale of bonds unless this bill is
passed, and the Secretary thinks that he can make
a much better bargain with the bulhoti brokers if
he has an opportunity of selling the seven and
three tenths percent, notes, §100,000,000 of which
were issued. That is the reason why this bill is
reported.
There is another thing: he is authorized to sell
bonds at the market value. It has turned out, just
as I supposed it would, that he cannot got any-
body to buy them at the market value, and that he
must take for them what the banks will oiFer. He
finds now that he cannot sell them at the market
value, and must have liberty to sell them at such
rates as he can dispose of them for, or this mtei-
est cannot be paid.
All this thing is against my judgment, but it is
rendered necessary by the unfortunate amend-
ment to the Treasury note bill to which 1 have re-
ferred. I trust that the Secretary of the Treasury
will bo enabled to pay this interest m com, no mat-
ter at what sacrifice, since it has been so ordered
by Congress. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VVICIvLIFFE. [should like,with thecon-
sent of the House, to make an inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand from the
reading of the bill that there is no limit to the
amount of specie thus to be purchased by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and no intimation of what
is to be done with the specie after it has been pur-
chased. There is no limit in the bill as to the
amount, is there?
Mr. STEVENS. There is not.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I cannot vote for it.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill is such a one as* was
sent to us by the Department, with an uigent re-
quest to have it passed to save the credit of the
Government.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to have the
amount limited.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to icconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered, in
order that we may have the bill considered for a
very short time.
The motion to reconsider was agieed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row, and that it be printed, so that we may have
an opportunity to see what it contains.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot object to so reason-
able a request as that, although the Department
seems to bo very urgent in the matter. If the
House sees proper to take time to examine the
bill further, I* shall not find any fault with it; but
I shall not consent to the postponement.
Tellers were ordered on the motion to postpone;
and Messrs. Lehman and Harrison were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 42, noes 47; no quorum voting. -
Mr. COLFAX. There is evidently a quorum
in the Hall, and 1 suggest that there be a recount.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it will save time if we
let the bill go over till to-morrow.
The Anther consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow, and it was ordered to
be printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. WALTON, of Veimout, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, submitted a report in writing
in regard to the destruction by fire of the sheets
of the second volume of the Patent Office Report,
mechanical dopaitment, for 1860, accompanied
by the following resolution:
Resolve^ That the Committee on Printing be discharged
from the fuither cousidciauon of so much of the report of
the tfupcumtendunt of Public Printing as lelate-i to the
sheet- of the mechanical report of the Patent Office for I860,
winch have been destroyed by fire.
The resolution was adopted, and the report was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES 1IENRY FOSTER.
Mr. MORRILL,of Maine, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a memorial from one hundred and
sixty-eight loyal electors in the second congres-
sional district in the State of North Carolina, ask-
ing the admission of Charles Henry Foster as
Representative of said district m the House of
Representatives of the United States, and other
papeis pertaining thereto.
The memorial and papers were referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
EXTENSION OF CONTRACTS.
Mr. 1IAIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a commission to investi-
gate into the propriety of extending certain con-
tracts for steam machinery, which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Ai'Kurs.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. CLAIR, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill regulating claims to rev-
olutionary pensions; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mi. Hutciiins
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to regulate the franking privilege, upon which
Mr. Peiuiy was entitled to the floor.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR, ETC.
Mr. PERRY. It is with great reluctance that
I enter at this time into any discussion; but the
questions of emancipation and abolition having
been forced upon this House in vaiious forms by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
\E\rs,] the gentleman fiom 'Illinois. [Mr. Love-
>! joy,] the irentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bintgiiam,]
lj and others professing similar sentiments, at a time
j; like the awful piesent, involving issues so vital
!! and impoitant, plain good intention, a wish to
ji prevent any misconstruction of the views of my
.• constituents, and an earnest desire for the welfare
\ of my country,are the only motives that prompt
i me to trespass for a few moments on the attention
, of this House.
ij If there ever was an occasion that called for an
j! exalted conception of public affairs, or for a su-
ii perhuman effort to cast aside the bonds of fanat-
icism and stand before the world a patriot, not a
partisan, it is the present. We never have seeni'
and I trust to God we never wili see again, such
a crisis. Everything that makes life desirable is
depending on the fortune of war;, but the result of
that war rests with our loyal people.
Those measures advocating the abolition of sla-
very involve and virtually ask the question; shall
the Government be maintained and the Union pre-
served? They present themselves at the bar of
this House clad in the borrowed garments of ne-
cessity. They bear beneath their deceptive folds
a sword drawn to destroy and sever the Union"—
a shield to shelter and defend the beloved African.
They are, Mr. Chairman, wolves in sheep's cloth-
ing.
The fact that these extreme measures are totally
unconstitutional is perhaps sufficient to condemn
them; but there is nothing in the Constitution that
gives them even the shadow of a foundation. This
is a contest to uphold and maintain, not to destroy
and overthrow the Constitution. The American
Union can exist no longer than the Constitution
remains safe from the insidious attacks of th'ese
abolition doctrines. If we give up our defense of
the Constitution, or yield one inch of the sacred
territory upon which we take our stand, we seal
our own fate, are accessory to our own insignifi-
cance, and aid in our own destruction. If I un-
derstand, sir, anything of the object of this war,
it is designed for the preservation of the country,
and not for its destruction; yet you propose to
annihilate the great institution of the South that
you may preserve the South. How can you pre-
serve the whole by destroying any part! jBut you
may be willing; to sacrifice, if necessary, a part, to
.save the rest.
For myself, I want far, far stronger proof that
emancipation or abolition is a necessity. I can-
not now be made to believe that it is necessary
to make the slaves our allies in suppressing this
rebellion.
This Is not a war for the destruction and de-
population of the South, but a war to preserve
the South, and restore it to the protection of the
Government and the laws.
Since all our acts have such an influence on the
existence of our nation, it is necessary that we
should look at the effect of our measures.
What, then, would be the effectof the adoption
of these abolition schemes?
And here the book of fate is opened to us so
wide that he who cannot draw from it instruc-
tion and warning must be blind indeed.
Though I think that the ad vocates of these meas-
ures errjn their judgment,still 1 have the chanty
to believe in the rectitude of their intentions. But
the effects of this policy are so certain that they
seem to me to be evident to almost dullness its< If.
The universal condemnation with which this
emancipation doctrine has been received in Ken-
tucky, Missouri, and Tennessee, is a sufficient in-
dex of its effect in the rest of the southern Siate^
Men that were formerly Union men have actually
been driven to take up arms and join the rebel
army. We find that on the very day that Gen-
eral Fremont's cloven foot was shown, there were
three thousand enlistments in General Price's rebel
airny. From escaped and released prisoners, from
deserters from the rebel army, from a hundred
sources, we have an unlimited amount of proof
j that it is the general impression of the South that
this war has for its direct object the emancipa-
tion of the slaves. However much we may dis-
claim such a policy, still that does not alter the
ji fact that such an impression prevails. _ The sol-
diers and people derive these impressions from
] then leaders; but the truth cannot be shutout from
:j the people for any great length of time.
Now, if these rumors are without foundation
l! they must fall to the ground, and when they do
j1 they bury their authors in the ruins.
I; There are thousands at the South who cannot
'I thus be misled by the leaders who are compelled
;i to occupy a neutral position. But give these re-
■I posts the shadow of a foundation in fact; let this
,i abolition policy be adopted, and the South will
jj be united heart and hand in one unanimous effort
to establish their house upon ci lock.
ij It has been sufficiently demonstrated that it rc-
; \ quires all the strength of the Government to main-
11 tain itself against the attacks of those actually
;! rebelling, but yet you seem determined to inspire
11 them with greater strength.
