1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3023
pointment of an Indian agent in Colorado Terri-
tory;
An act (S. No. 243) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Curtis Mann to that of
Supply;
An act (S. No. 242) changing the name of the
American-built sehooner. Tom Dyer to that of
"Dolphin;
An act (H. R. No. 391) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States and other places, and disapproving
and annulling certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah; and
An act (H. R. No. 364) to aid in constructing
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions; in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (No. 349) in addition to an act provid-
ing for salvage in cases of recapture, approved
March 3, 1800.
A joint resolution (No. 93) in relation to con-
tracts with the Government.
A joint resolution (No. 76) relating to the com-
pensation of Senators elected or appointed to fill
vacancies.
PUBLIC DEBTS AND EXPENDITURES.
t Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the letter from
the Secietary of the Treasury on the public debts
and expenditures was ordered to be printed.
Tho SPEAKER. There is a special order for
to-day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understood the
Chair to say, oil Friday, that a motion to recon-
sider took preccdence of other business.
The SPEAKER. Not of a special order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So I understood the
Chair to decide.
The SPEAKER. In what case was that de-
cision made?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In the case of a
motion made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax.]
The SPEAKER. In that case there was not a
motion to reconsider pending. It was a motion
to recommit this bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Very true, but the
gentleman from Indiana announced that he rose to
a motion to reconsider, and the Chair recognized
him and made that decision. It then turned out
that there was no motion to reconsider pending.
The SPEAKER. The business of the gentle-
man from Indiana was all done by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I only wanted to
know whether the motion to reconsider takes pre-
cedence of other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not of a
special order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreeu to the report of the committee of
conference on the amendments to the bill of the
House (No. 371) to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills, in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (No. 371) for the reliefof Fanny Mactier
Smith.
An act (No. 338) for the relief of Joseph W.
Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and William W. Dyer.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
joint resolutions and bills of the House, the first
two with amendments and the latter without
amendment:
Joint resolution No. 71 providing for the dis-
tribution of surplus copies of the Blue Book for
1861, among the several bureaus in the Executive
Departments.
An act (No. 328) for the relief of Louisa Abort
Byrne.
An act (No. 530) granting a pension to Law-
rence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor county, Ken-
tucky.
CHARGE OF BRIBERY.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask leave to make a priv-
ileged report.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to every-
thing except the regular order of business.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Judiciary Committee in a matter
in which itis authorized to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
that would supplant a special order.
Mr. HICKMAN. The committee is author-
ized to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. " At any time" means when
the House has not before it any business of higher
privilege.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then 1 trust I will have
unanimous consent to make this report.
Mr. ARNOLD. I must insist on the regular
order of business.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. The matter will not re-
quire one minute to dispose of it. Itis only to ask
that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from
a matter referred to it, and that it be referred to
another committee. #
Mr. ARNOLD. If it will not take time, I will
withdraw my objection.
Mr. HICKMAN. It will take but a moment.
Iam instructed by the Judiciary Committee to ask
that it be discharged from the consideration of the
matter referred to it by a resolution of the House
—that is, an investigation as to the truth or falsity
of the chatge contained in the Tribune in regard
to the Gales & Seaton resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. On what ground does
the committee ask to be discharged?
Mr. HICKMAN. On the ground that it has
other investigations to make, which render it im-
possible for the committee to attend to this matter.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
Judicial y Committee being discharged from this
matter ?
Mr. ARNOLD. I call for the regular order of
business.
SIIIP CANAL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the special order, being a bill (H. R. No.
2S8) to construct a ship canal for the passage of
armed and naval vessels from the Mississippi
river to Lake Michigan, and for other purposes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr, Speaker, the
amendments proposed to this bill have been al-
ready printed,andure uponthe desks of members.
One limits the amount of expenditure upon the
Illinois and Michigan canal to $10,000,000, and
it requires the State of Illinois to assume the ex-
cess beyond $10,000,000, and requires that this
$10,000,000 shall only be expended as fast as the
tolls shall pay the interest upon the amount ex-
pended. Another provides for the expenditure
of $3,500,000 for the enlargement of the Erie and
the Oswego canals, of New York.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I consider this bill, with the
proposed amendments, as the twin measute to
that which has been passed by Congress for the
construction of a Pacific railroad, itis for the
defense of a portion of our country, which is in
itself as important, if not greatly more important
than that which we propose to defend by the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad, and I believe that
the beneficent effects of these measures, if they
both shall be passed by this Congress, will repay
the country for the devastations which have fol-
lowed upon this war, and will prevent m the fu-
ture a war as disastrous to the great interests of
the country as that in which we are now engaged.
It is well known to this House and to the country
that the whole lake coast is totally undefended,
that, so far the expenditure of the Government
for the defense of the lake coast has not exceeded
$800,000, while it lias expended §34.000,000 upon
the present syste'm of sea-coast fortifications.
There is an additional and unexpended balance
for our lake-coast defense of $800,000, making ail
of the appropriations expended and unexpended
for that immense line of coast not to exceed
$1,600,000.
Although we made a treaty with Great Britain
in 1817, by which both parties engaged there
should be no fleets of war kept up upon these north-
ern lakes, yet, sir, the British Government, feel-
ing and knowing the importance of commanding
these great lakes, has taken steps which will en-
able it at this moment, orwithin thirty days from
this time, to place upon those lakes an armed fleet
against which we would have no sort of defense.
I refer to the canal which has been built fiomthe
St. Lawrence to Lake Ontario, and from Lake
Ontario to Lake Erie, thus giving to the fleets of
Great Britain an entrance into our upper and lower
lakes, while we have not a gun upon those lakes,
and while we have not the power to put a single
gun upon them for the defense of our immense
commerce, and for the defense of the great cities
which have grown up upon the borders of those
lakes.
Recently, during the discussion of the Trent
affair, when it was thought that hostilities were
imminent between the Government of Great Brit-
ain and our own Government, it was announced
in the English newspapers that as soon as naviga-
tion would permit they could, by means of their
canals, enter in force into the lakes and lay waste
our whole northern frontier as far as Lake Supe-
rior. They proclaimed and they boasted then
that the lakes were all within their power, and
that this Government could not put a gunboat
upon those lakes, and that it had no power to con-
struct a battery upon the shore or to enter upon
any system of defense. They boasted, and we
know it to be true, that the whole northern lake
coast of the United States would be undefended
against the power which Great Britain could have
brought to bear against us. It is very well known
that the Ottawa canal is in process of construction
from Montreal, by the way of the Ottawa river
into Georgian Bay, and thence to Lake Huron.
Suppose that wc should by a sudden dash destroy
the Welland canal, and that from the St. Law-
rence to Lake Ontario,and prevent their use for the
naval purposes of England, yet it has the means
by the way of the Ottawa canal of filling our up-
per lakes with their gunboats; it has the means
of doing that by a route beyond the reach of our
armies. Under these circumstances, 1 think, it
becomes the honor of the United States to arouse
from the lethuigy which has held us so long, and
not longer to be blinded to the dangers which
threaten us from the boundless ambition of Great
Britain, our political and commercial rival, who
has so long been preparing for the invasion by
means of these canals, not only of the northwest-
ern frontier but your whole northern frontier.
After she has done this, and after she has made
the boast that our lake coast is within her power
whenever she may determine to assail it, I think
that we will be wanting in our duty to the coun-
try if wo hesitate to make the small expendituie
now asked for the enlargement of these two canals
so as to unite the Hudson river with the lakes
and the lakes with the Mississippi river.
The Government, by the enlargement of these
canals, will be enabled to concentrate its whole
power upon the lakes to resist the power of our
ancient enemy. We cannot calculatc upon the
good feeling of Great Britain. We have had dur-
ing this rebellion ample evidence that if we rely
upon her peaceful disposition we shall be sadly
mistaken. I do not refer to the people of Gieat
Butain, but to the Government of Great Britain.
It is moved by a rivalry against our form of Gov-
ernment, and it will lend itself to any effort to as-
sail us. That Government regards this country
as its commercial and political rival, and it will
strike us the moment it can do so with success.
If gentlemen are not satisfied of that from what
has already transpired, if they are not satisfied
from the unmistakable evidence which has been
given to us, that notwithstanding the loud outcry
England has made for so many years against sla-
very, she ready to strike hands with the slave
oligarchy of tho South for the destruction of this
Government, I think recent events should satisfy
them.
If it has been supposed by some of our fi iends
that our recent victories will prevent the gieat
Powers of Europe from intervening in the atfairs
of this continent; if that has been their hope, I
think they will now be convinced that it is falla-
cious. They only need a pretext to strike the
blow, and from late advices we cannot expect that
the blow will be much longer deferred. 1 do not,
in the remarks I have made, refer to the English
people. I believe the commons of England—the
people of England—in their heart sympathize with
