1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
passed fin act forbidding; officers in the Army of
ihe United States from aiding in the return of fu-
gitive slaves. It is nowan article of war. Will
he advise Kentucky to icsist that article of war?
We passed through the Senate an act to enable
the colored people of this District to establish and
support schools for the instruction of their chil-
dren. Will the Senator advise the people of Ken-
tucky to resist, by all the means they can devise,
that act of beneficence? We have passed through
the Senate an act to repeal the oppressive black
laws of this District. Will the Senator advise
the white men of Kentucky to resist, by all the
means they can devise, that act? What is it that
the Senator advises this resistance to, and what
is it that the loyal men of Kentucky are to resist,
and how are they to resist it, as the Senator says,
with all the means they can devise?
I do not wish to consume the time of the Senate
in speaking further on this subject, but I wish to
notify the Senator that this language, although
it may have been the language of treason in the
past, is not proper language now or hereafter to
be employed in this Chamber, and that, whenever
it is used here, I will denounce it as treasonable
language, language that should be condemned
here, that will be condemned by the loyal heart
and judgment of the nation.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his pointof order,
and the Senator from Kentucky is entitled to the
floor on the original proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when I choose to
utter any language upon this floor or elsewhere I
will not go to the Senator from Massachusetts to
know in what wuids I shall make my utterances.
What I said was this, and it is the position I have
adhered to all the time, that so far as the legisla-
tion of this Congress in the judgment of my peo-
ple should be unconstitutional, I would advise
them to resist it by all the means they can com-
mand; I have taken that position upon full delib-
eration, and I mean to maintain it here and every-
where. 1 did not advise the people of Kentucky
last summer to remain neutral in this civil war,
but I advised them to the contrary. Neither the
Senator from Massachusetts, nor any Senator on
this floor, nor any citizcn of the United States
entertains more sincerely a desire and a purpose,
so far as he can aid the cause of his Government
in this contest, that the just and constitutional
powers of the Government shall be asserted in
every square foot of territory of the United States.
But at the same time I assume, and my people
assume, and they will always maintain that the
only bond of union among the States of the United
States is the Constitution. They will stand by
that Constitution, they will fight for it, and they
will die for it, and they receive it according to the
interpretation of the courts of the United States,
and always have. I would not advise my people
nor any man in America to oppose any law of
Congress which the Supreme Court of the United
States decided to be constitutional; buton the con-
trary, I would advise them to submit as quiet and
orderly citizens to the judgment of the courts in
relation to the constitutionality of laws. The
position I have assumed heretofore, and which I
now assume, is that until the courts of the United
States have decided a law to be constitutional
every citizen has the right to judge for himself
upon his own responsibility of its constitution-
ality; he has a right to resist it according to his
own judgment and to submit himself to the judg-
ment of the proper courts when his own conduct
shall become the subject of examination. If, by
his course, he commits the crime of treason, he is
justly amenable to the punishment of a traitor.
That is my position. I have avowed it repeatedly
upon this floor, and 1 intend to avow it as long as
I have the breath of life.
The Senator from Massachusetts admonishes
me that he will not permit it to be done. I do not
intend to consult or to think of the Senator from
Massachusetts in considering my hne of conduct;
I will act for myself. Oti this self-responsibility
I here aver that in my judgment, it is time for the
Congress of the United States to pass the neces-
sary measures and to teiminate the session. I be-
lieve that the good of the country lequn es a; and
the speedy closing of this war successfully with a
view to the reunion of the States requires that that
course of conduct should be adopted by the two
Houses of Congress. It was in enforcing that
conviction of my own mind that I indulged in re-
marks in relation to the improvident, the unjust,
and as I think to some extent unconstitutional
legislation of Congress at the present session. I
admit, sir, that I have spent a great deal of lime in
debate, and I expect to spend a great deal more*,
but if these measures, that ought never to have
been introduced into Congress, had not been intro-
duced, my voice would not have been heard so
often. Whenever they or similar measures arc
brought up, 1 intend to open my mouth, so far as
I am allowed to open it, in protestation against
their passage. I will do that.
Now, Mr. President, one word, and I close 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Kentucky
will allow me, now that he is upon that particular
point, to recall his attention, I do if very respect-
fully, to certain other remarks which he has made
in a previous speech in this body and which struck
me at the time and have-continued to impress
themselves upon me since, as equally offensive to
the dignity of this body, to say the least, with those
remarks which have now fallen from him. I call
his attention to that speech for the purpose of en-
abling him to make an explanation of the passages
to which I shall refer. In a speech which he
made some days since, to be found in the Globe
of the 2d of this month, I find the following:
111 intend io adhere to the old flag. 1 will follow it where
ever it leads. I will follow it even against the iniquitous
niensuies, it I may 30 ehaiacterize them without offense,
that have been proposed, and that are now pending before
this body; but J will do it in the religious hope that the
people ot America aie deeply and faithfully and tiuly at-
tached to the Constitution and it^ principles. I will appeal
fiom Cffitar hero in this Chamber to the majesty of the
Auieiican people"— m
Certainly a very proper appeal to the ballot-box,
at which place we shall be happy to meet him and
his friends. But he proceeds—
c> even to the aunies of the United States that are now set
in battle loi the vindication ot the authority of the United
States and the Constitution and the laws. I am willing to
submit all these issues to the aiuue* to day. I have no
doubt that they would deeide in favor of good faith, fidelity
to the Constitution, and lecon^tiuction without adding one
principle to oi absuactmg a single one liom it."
Again, alluding to the passage of the confisca-
tion bill:
{iI trust that it will not be done, sir; but if it is done,
another \v«i has but just begun. We in the border States
aie few. We aie derided, contemned. I ask no favors. I
have never a«ked any fiom any power. X ask but justice
and light under the Con&tituuon."
Now, sir, the particular point to which 1 desire
to call the attention of the Senator from Kentucky,
is whether m the language which I have read fiom
his speech h<- intended to be understood as uttering
a menace that, in the contingency of the passage
of any act of Congress emancipating the slaves of
rebels in the rebel States, he would venture tft go
into the Army, or about the Army, and preach
disaffection, mutiny, and desertion to the Army,
on account of the passage of such an act; for it is
in the sense of just that menace that I understood
the speech, and now understand it; and under-
standing it so, I must be allowed to say that I
consider the language very improper in this place,
ticasonable in its intention, and uttered for the
purpose of creating mutiny in the Army thus set
in battle array in the field, and as such 1 denounce
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty
of the Chair to inform both the Senator from Mich-
igan and the Senator from Kentucky that this de-
bate is allowed to go on by the consent of the Sen-
ate, although it is not in order, not being pertinent
to the question before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say that the Senator from
Michigan has wholly misinterpreted my language
and has denounced his own misinterpretation of
my language, not my meaning.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very happy to be so
■ informed.
! Mr. DAVIS. The language read by the hon-
| orable Senator bears no such misconstruction as
: he has put upon it. What 1 intended to say was
i this, what I repeat is tins, that I would be willing
to submit the question of deciding the measures
that have been passed upon by the present Con-
gress to the vote of the Army o£the United States
now in the field,
Mr. HOWARD. The vote of the Army !
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Ah!
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. You did not say so.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say otherwise.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes you did. I beg your
pardon.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg yours; you misconstrue
my language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators-will
please address the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HALE. If this debate is proceeding by
unanimous consent, I must object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, I will closc.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think it is nothing but
fair that the Senator from Kentucky should have
a right to reply to the attacks made on him. I
hope the Senator from New Hampshire will re-
main neutral on the occasion.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly hope the Senator
from Kentucky will be permitted to proceed, for
I regard this as a grave matter that I have read
from his speech; and it is certainly due to him
that he should have an opportunity fully to ex-
plain it.
Mr. DAVIS. This matter does not trouble me
any; but the Senator from Michigan wholly mis-
understands my language as he read it, as I in-
tended it, and as that language is subject to proper
interpretation. As to producing mutiny in the
Army, such an idea never entered into my head;
it never passed through my fancy. What I in-
tended to asseverate, and what I here believe, is,
that the armies who arc now engaged in uphold-
ing the authority of the Government, and who arc
endeavoring to subjugate this rebellion, are true
and devoted to the Constitution; that they do not,
and cannot be brought to turn this war into a cru-
sade against slavery. That is what I intended to
say, and what I now believe. If the question was
referred to the soldiers of the United States now
in the field, whether they wanted a reconstruction
ofthe Union upon the old Constitution, with every
State and every citizen of the United States en-
joying all of his rights under the Constitution,
except so far as they are forfeited by the violation
and the judgment of the law, the whole Army, at
least three fourths of it, would decide in favor of
the affirmative of that proposition. What I in-
tended to say in the passages which the honorable
Senator has read was simply this, and I reiterate
it, that the armies of the United States arc not en-
gaged in this war as a ciusade against slavery;
they are engaged in this war for the purpose and
within the spirit of the Crittenden resolution that
was passed at the last extra session of Congress,
and for no other purpose. I am for the war within
the scope and within the whole meaning of that
resolution, as much so as any man.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to put to him another question respecting this
same passage?
Mr. DAVIS. I will, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator what he
meant by the use of this language in his former
speech 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel bound to call the
Senators to order; at least to object to this thing
going on any further. It is taking up the time of
the Senate with matters entirely irrelevant.
Mr. HOWARD. I submit to my friend from
Maine that, as I am charged with a misapprehen-
sion and misconstruction of the gentleman's re-
marks, it is at least due to me to show that I am
n'ot liable to that charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator looks upon
it in that li^ht, of course 1 have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky what he meant by this passage:
111 trust it will not be done, sir; but if it is done, an-
other war has but just begun."
Docs that mean simply voting?
Mr. DAVIS. It means this, if the honorable
Senator wants an explanation, that there is an-
other sectional conflict got up upon questions
involved in the measures that have been passed
and that have been proposed atthissession. Those
measures involve, m my judgment, the vital prin-
ciples of the Constitution; and what I said in va-
rious parts of that speech and other speeches that
I have made was this: that my people would stand
by the Constitution; that they would fight for it;
