3024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30.
us and with our Government in this contest. Yet
theCronernmentof England and the other Govern-
ments of the great Powers of Burope are resolved
upon the destruction of our vast commerce and of
our free institutions.. I am as well convinced of
that as I can he of another fact. Why, sir, in a
recent debate in Parliament which has been pub-
lished in this country, the prime minister has
seized the opportunity to denounce " as infa-
mous " an order made by General Butler against
the lewd women of New Orleans; I say against
the lewd women, because the indecorum de-
nounced by General Butler could not be practiced
by any other than lewd women. And the prime
minister and minister of foreign affairs of Great
Britain have themselves undertaken to become the
defenders of these lewd women, simply because
they are actuated by the same lewd desire to de-
stroy our Government and institutions.
i say I point to the indication of this debate in
the British Parliament, so icccntly, with no inten-
tion to enter upon any defense of the manner in
which this Government has carried on the war,
and with no hope of reaching those who are so
prejudiced as to hear nothing but the misrepre-
sentations of the conduct of our armies in the field,
which come from the rebels, of whom they have
shown themselves to be the allies; but to convince
our people, if possible, that Great Britain is ani-
mated by a feeling of such intense hostility to us
ami to our institutions tluuthey await only a pre-
text and an opportunity to assail us; anil that it
becomes us, if we intend to be true to ourselves,
if we intend to be true to our republican form of
government, nut to rely upon the liberality or
friendship of any European Power, Imt lo rely
upon our own preparations and our resources
alone.
Mr. Sneaker, in order to complete the Illinois
and Michigan ship canal, so that gunboats of the
largest class that can flout upon tin1 Mississippi
riverean he carried from the Mississippi l'lverinto
the northern lakes, will require ail expenditure of
about thirteen million dollars. That would open
a water communication from the lakes to the Illi-
nois river of sufficient capacity to float gunboats
dmwiiig six feet of water.
Before entering upon the expenditure of this
fund for the object contemplated by the bill, the
Legislatureof Illinois is required, in the first place,
to make a deed of the existing canal, which has
cost $li,000,000, and from which the annual in-
come is JihJO.OOO. The State is required to exe-
cute. a deed of cession of that canal to tile General
Government, which is then to expend §10,000,000,
only so fast as the tolls on the canal, Willi lis
present income, and the tolls on the Illinois river,
when improved, will repay the interest upon the
amount advanced and expended by the General
Govel llinent.
Now, sir, everybody knows the experience we
have had Willi the Eric ennui, in New V'oik. The
tolls iifinii that canal for tins year will reach
$•1,(100,000. Thai work, if I amcoi rectly informed,
lias cost about $,40,000,000, and the tolls upon it
for the present year will more than pay the inter-
est upon the entire expenditure of $40,000,000. If
 ueh be the case, and we know it to be tiuo, and
if these tolls are inciensmg rapidly every year
upon this canal, what would lie the returns in lolls
from a canal of equal length from Lake- Michigan
to the Mississippi liver, over three hundred miles
in length, tt canal oft lie capacity contemplated l,y
this bill, one tmmlicd and fifty ti-ei in width, with
locks seventy-five feet wide by three hundred and
fifty feet in length, capable of carrying steamers of
twelve hundred tons burden—what I say would
be the returns from such a canal connecting, as it
\\ ouhl, the commerce of the Mississippi river and
the commerce of the great noi thorn lakes. Why,
sir, 1 do not hesitate to say that in my opinion,
after the expellence we have had, after the report
which lias been made to the public of the result
of the operations on the Erie canal of New Yoi k,
that man must be blind indeed, that man must stop
his c.rs against the truth, who would assert that
this canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi iivei will not pay the interest upon
810,000,000 and sink the principle in a very few
ye:, is.
Therefore, what is asked on behalf of the Illi-
nois and Michigan canal is only that this Govern-
ment should extend its credit, should aid this en- |
terprise which hasalrcady cost the State of Illinois 1
|6,000,000, should extend its credit to this great
work and unite the commerce of the river with
the commerce of the lakes. It is demanded that
this Governmentshallgrantits creditto the extent
of |10,000,000, with the certainty, the absolute
certainty, that the principal and interest of that
amount will be paid within a'very few years. I
do not believe it will take ten years to repay the
entire sum; and we depend upon it that in a very
few years, certainly not much beyond the period
of ten years, the returns of the work will not only
repay the amount for which the Government
pledges its credit, but the amount also advanced
by the State of Illinois, which under this bill that
Slate is bound to advance for the completion of
the work.
The canal will then become a great highway of
the nation, without tolls of any kind to be imposed
upon commerce. I do not conceive that in such
a work, with such an object before us, the Con-
gress of the United States ought to hesitate an in-
stant in regard to it. Its military necessity is ap-
parent to every one who has at all examined the
defenses of the lake cities. That without it we
are perfectly in the power of our oldest and worst
enemy; that without it we cannot lift our hands
in defense of oui great 1 isitig cities on our lake
coasts, is apparent. The h nor of the nation, as
well as its safety; the vast interest at stake; the
$400,000,000 of annual commerce upon the lakes
demanding defense, demanding security from the
the Government; a commerce equal to all our for-
eign commerce; a fleet that costs as much in money
and is as valuable as are the fleets of this nation sent
out upon the ocean—these fleets, this conimeice,
and these cities all demand at your hands that you
should provide an adequate defense; and wo know
that the only adequate defense for any coast, and
especially of those lake coasts, is that of gunboats.
You cannot defend them by stone walls.
Now, sir, the other measure contemplated in
this same connection, the enlargement of the Erie
canal, commends itself aa strongly to the judg-
ment and the favorable consideration of Congress
as that for completing the water communication
between the Mississippi river and the lakes. That
canal, at a cost of $3,500,000 by actual calculation,
by the enlargement of one set of locks from the
Hudson river to Buffalo, and from Syracuse to
Oswego, will enable a vessel made upon the
plan of the Monitor, two hundred feet in length,
drawing six and a half feet of water to enter the
lower lakes; a vessel which, as has been proven
by actual experiment in the case of one a little
larger tit Hampton Roads, will enable us to de-
fend our lake coasts from any foe which can enter
from the Welland canal or to the canal through
the St. Lawrence and Lake Ontario.
1 do not believe that it has ever been in the
power of any nation to fortify such defenses, so
complete for so large an extent of coast as that to
which I have pointed, at so small an expense as
provided in this bill. We have before us esti-
mates of men intimately acquainted with the sub-
ject, and whose testimony can be vouched for any
'where before any audience as to its accuracy,
that the expenses will not exceed the figures given.
Then for $13,500,000—$10,000,000 of which is
to be repaid to the public Treasury—we may place
our fleets in a position where we may possess the
dominion of the great lakes; because, it must be
understood that for one month before tlie naviga-
tion of these Canadian canals opens, the naviga-
tion of the Illinois and Michigan canal will be
open, and it will remain open for one month after
the Welland canal has closed, thus affording the
opportunity of commanding the entrance to these
lakes fur two months of the year, when it will be
closed to our enemy.
Now, sir, we have no difficulty when called upon
to vote annually six or seven million dollars for
sea-coast delenses. We have voted this year such
a sum to construct stone walls which, themselves,
require a continuous and unceasing expenditure,
which are never finished and which are always to
be repanednnd improved. For such fortifications
and such defenses of the conimcice of the coun-
ti y, we have annually, for the last thirty or forty
years, made appropriations which have increased
in amount from year to year. The completion of
these fortifications and defenses, to which I have
referred, do not terminate the expenses, but they
are continuous expenses, because they have to be
kept in repair and improved according to the new
improvements which are constantly being devel-
oped in the art of defense. But these canals, while
costing little more than double the appropriation
which we have this year made for these stone-wall
defenses, so far from being a continued expense
to our people, will, perhaps, repay us all we have
lost during this devastating war, as they would
bring prosperity to our people, by greatly extend-,
ing the commerce of the nation, and they would
repay, in actual tolls, an amount largely beyond
the amount which it will cost to create and con-
struct them.
It is not my intention to detain the House longer
upon this proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Missouri inform us before he resumes his seat,
what amount of money is appropriated by this
bill, and to what extent the credit of the Govern-
ment is loaned.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I stated that the
limitation upon tlieexpendituie for the Lake Mich-
igan canal was p0,000,000, for which the Gov-
ernment is to have the canal by deed of cession
from the State of Illinois—a canal which has al-
ready cost the State of Illinois over six million dol-
lars—and which the Government is to retain until
the tolls received from the canal shall repay both
the principal and interest. And this amount of
$10,000,000 is to be expended only in such sums
as the tolls will keep down the interest upon. And
as to the Erie and the Oswego canals the expend-
iture is to be §3,500,000 at the outside.
Mr. ARNOLD. In the name of the great and
pati iotic people living upon the shores of the great
lakes and rivers of the Northwest, I ask the at-
tention of the House to the most important work
in a national point of view ever presented to the
consideration of Congress: the opening of a ship
or steamboat canal from the lakes to the Missis-
sippi. This work can be realized without serious
cost to the nation; only requiring the advance m
bonds of such an amount as the tolls of the pres-
ent canal, and the increased tolls as the work pro-
giesses, will pay the int'erest upon. It is no ex-
periment which Congress is asked to make; the
plan is based upon no untried theory, but is em-
bodied in a simple proposition of the State of Il-
linois asking the national Government to aid with
her credit, so far, and so fast as the tolls of the
canal will meet the accruing interest.
Illinois, by her State convention, has made this
proposal to the Federal Government:
Statu or Illinois Constitutional Convention,
Si-ringfield, March 17, 1862.
Preamble and Resolutions.
Whereas tlie Committee on Military Affairs of the
House of ltepie*eritatives ot' the Confess of the United
States have made a leport ill favor of tlie enlargement of
tiie Illinois and Michigan canal, and the improvement of
the Illinois river, so as to allow .steamboat* and vessels of
war to pass from tlie Mississippi liver to Lake Michigan,
and have introduced a bill to cairy into efTeet then recom-
mendation; and whereas this lmpiovement is not only a
work of national impoitance,butone in which the State of
Illinois is directly interested: Therefore,
lie it resolved, That in the jadgmcnt of tlli=s convention,
the improvement contemplated would not only be of great
utility to tiie Slate of Illinois, butof paiainountiinportance
in time of war, either foreign or domestic, to the defense
and pi enervation of the Union, and that this State will co-
operate with the General Government in any plan for its
speedy construction.
Illinois and the North west promptly placed their
all of men and money at the disposal of the Ad-
ministration. Illinois alone has more than sixty-
five thousand ofhcrgallantsons in theiield. They
have been heard from in every fight, in Missouri,
in Iventucky, Tennessee, and, indeed, oil every
battle-field in the valley of the Mississippi. The
bonesof lierchildren, freely offered to uphold your
Government, are at Fredericktown, at Belmont,
at Fort Donelson, at Island JVo. 10, at Shiloh, at
Corinth, and everywhere from the Ohio to the
Gulf. Every school district mourns its dead, gen-
erously offered for the glorious of our fathers.
Illinois has impoverished herself in means and in
men in the cause of our country.
Sir, you will remember—none of us will ever
forget—the gloom which hung over our country
before the taking of Fort Henry and Fort Donel-
son. The condition of our affairs was critical.
Those successes, won by western valor, were the
beginning of that series of brilliant victories which
have resulted in the clearing of the Mississippi
valley of every hostile flag. The Northwest has
opened the Mississippi, and she will keep it clear
of traitors. Sir, I shall never forget the generous
