1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 6.
I accept the proposition of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that this war " is a
question whether the Government or the rebels
shall be stronger." I thinkithas been sufficiently-
well demonstrated that the southerners are valiant
fighting: men, and that it requires all the giant
power of the North to cope with them. Then,
sir, when our salvation is doubtful, it is the height
of folly and blindness to throw into the balance
against us all the hatred, all the vigor, all the
strength of feeling in the southern heart. To say
the least, it is not according to the dictates of
common sense to make bad worse by driving the
entire South to arms. Such measures as these
will convince them that fanaticism rules the coun-
cils of the nation, and will animate, nerve, and
strengthen them in their efforts to build on the
ruins of the American Union a southern confed-
eracy—a monument to our insane and suicidal
policy.
Since these measures will insure a united and
exasperated South, why do you hasten to destroy
all that is desirable in the present that some imag-
inary good may be secured in the future? When
we show to the South the utter want of a founda-
tion for their delusion; that we are not enslaved
by# the insane measures promulgated by the abo-
litionists; that we worship our country, but not
abolitionism, then,sir, we will rob them of one
half their strength, and break the strongest sword
drawn to sever the Union. If we utterly rout
these measures, and proclaim to the South that
loyalty is to be maintained, disloyalty subdued,
we will create a political revolution in our favor;
surely a result devoutly to be wished. Thus we
will put those actually rebelling in such an odious
light that they cannot possibly maintain the for-
midable front they now present, but will be com-
pelled to succumb to the powerful reaction of the
southern people. But if we drive them into a po-
sition which they do not now occupy, if we are
deteimincd to make the entire South our mortal
foe, then should the whole North rise in mass and
crush the people of the South. Let me toll you,
at that late hour we would find, to our sorrow,
that " he who overcomes by forcc alone hath
overcome but half his foe."
But. how will those measures affect the state of
affairs at the North? In the anxiety for the de-
velopments of the future, in the terrible suspense
of the present, all have forgotten the past. The
loyal men of the Noith have cast aside all party
prejudice. They have forgotten the mottoes daubed
on the tissue banners of partisanship. They have
buried the hatchet, and united in this effort to
maintain the Government. Party has been swal-
lowed up in the broad stream of patriotism that
surrounds our country. Why are you so anx-
ious, at such a time as this, to dig up the buried
hatchet, and fulfill the earnest expectation of the
South, by making a divided North ? The fabiic
of a southern confederacy, built by the wicked
imaginations of men deluded by a false ambition,
founded on the expectation of aid from for-
eign Powers and the hope of a divided Noith.
Since one half of the foundation has vanished, it
remains with you to withdraw the other half, and
dash the proud fabric to the dust. Why do you
oppose and try to unsettle the noble principle of
action adopted by the President, to whom all eyes
are turned, and in whom all hopes aw concen-
trated ? The loyal men of the cuuntry look to the
Adruimstiation to defend the Constitution, and
not turn their annies into a band of crusaders
against the institution of negro slavery; and, sir,
let me tell yon the will of millions of patuots is
no thin^ to trifle with.
The Democratic Union paity now, as heretofore,
insists on the enforcement of the laws throughout
all this country, and they rejoice in supporting,
with heart and hand, a President who seems de-
termined to fulfill his oath of office, and to pieserve
the Union by maintaining the Constitution. Let
them never see a desertion from the cause of the
Union, or this noble struggle converted into a John
Brown foray; then,sir,the abolitionists will have
to fight their own battles' or follow an illustrious
example and resort to insane asylums.
Sir, the nation looks to the President to stand
unmoved by either of the factions,North or South.
He must conquer the faction at the South that are
tryingtooverthrowthe Constitution by substitut-
ing one of theii own making, and that faction at
the North who are trying to subvert the Constitu-
tion by applying the power of the nation to carry
out their abolition schemes.
The adoption of this policy will as surely cause
a division at the North as that a sun shines in the
heavens. It should be our chief aim, for our sal-
vation depends upon it, to keep the North united
and divide the South. Yet the certain result of
these measures will be to unite the South and di-
vide the North. "United we stand; divided we
fall!" The heart of the people must be in this
mighty struggle. They must be attached to the
Government, the leaders of the Army, the com-
manders of the Navy. Their affections must be
anchored deep in the foundation of our sacred in-
stitutions. With this, we are safe and victorious
against every foe; without it, the Government
would be a number of tottering columns; the Army
a miserable rabble; the Navy but a floating mass
of rotten timber. Why will you shatter the won-
derful confidence the people have placed in the
Government? When the nation is rising in its
strength, and every preparation is made to bring
the war to a successful termination, and every-
thing is conspiring to make easy the way to con-
ciliation, when success is almost in our grasp, by
resorting to these desperate measures, you block
up forever the road to victory.
If these arc the facts of the case, and I know
not who can deny them, how utterly absurd docs
such a policy appear! With what confusion
should its advocates be covered!
" Is there not some chosen curse,
Some hidden thunder in the stores of heaven,
Red with uncommon wiath, to blast the man
Who owes Ins greatness to Ins countiy's ruin?"'
The gentlemen seem to lose sight of the object
of this war. It would be well to determine what
this contest was commenced for. Was it not be-
cause the traitors of the South attempted to sup-
plant the Constitution of the United States by one
they had framed for themselves? Since the day
our nation's flag fell, u fluttering like a wounded
bird," on the ramparts of Sumter, seven hundred
thousand freemen have drawn the sword to avenge
the insult, and maintain that banner as the em-
blem of the Union. Our patriot soldiers, who
have taken their lives in their hands, have gone
foith in defense of the Union; that, sir, being their
sole object, not to advance any single doctrine or
to establish any theory. When these men hear
that their lives are endangered not for the Union,
but to supply the slaves with knives to cut their
masters' throats, then will they, in the might of
their indignation, rise and tell you that they never
trusted their lives to your care thus to be sacri-
ficed for the liberation of the " almighty nigger."
They swore to maintain and not to overthrow the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I never can consent that the
armies sacred to the cause of the Union vthc Con-
stitution, and the rights of man, should be used
to violate those first principles; to crush the loyal
as well as the disloyal, and to overthrow where
they should build up. Never shall I consent that
our Army of freemen shall be converted into so
many John Browns. Ye who so loudly cried "not
guilty "when that infernal insurrection was started
at Harper's Ferry, why now arc you so anxious
to carry on the same insurrection on a magnificent
scale ? Why do you stiive to shield with the man-
tle of military glory such a monstrous national
crime? In the words of the honorable gentleman
from Kansas, (si igittly modified.) "estrange-
ment and war will always e^ist while abolition
survives. The extinction of this cvj! is the only
final end of disunion. The question therefore is,
whether our Government shall be saved or de-
stroyed; whether Union shall be its object, and
peace its fruits, or abolition its object, and war its
baleful offspring." Sir, it is this doctrine of abo-
lition that has driven us into the war; and yet its
advocates flag not in advancing this pernicious
theory. In spite of the unavoidable proof of all this;
in spite of the awful danger we arc m because of
them; they aie determined to obtain the suprem-
acy, that they may carry out their fatal system,
and then exult over the ruin they have made. Let
us be thorough in our lustration, and tear from
the hideous face of abolition the deceptive mask
of emancipation; let us bury it m one and the same
grave with it* colleague, disunion.
But, Air. Chairman, I neither wish at this time
to open old wounds, nor to enter into a discussion
about the causes of this war. It is enough to know
that the evils are upon us, and it becomes us,
as the arbiters of the destinies of this Republic,
to strip off all vails that contract or impede our
vision. Honorable, indeed, is it to be a nation's
physician; and when a country is struggling with
a disease that threatens its very life, ill does it be-
come us to discuss, with professional skill, the
cause of the malady, and overlook the groaning
calls for relief. It is our imperative duty to pre-
scribe the proper medicine, and in sufficient quan-
tities to save the life of our country. Having
done this, it will then be time enough to investi-
gate the cause, and guard against a recurrence of
the malady.
Since, then, our Constitution has been vitally
assailed, let us first dccide whether or not it shall
be trampled under foot, and spit upon; and not
stop t'o discuss these side issues, when the very
pillars of our Government are totteringaroundus.
Instead of closing the breach that now yawns be-
tween the North and the South, it will widen and
deepen it. If it be your object to bury in the
same grave loyalty and disloyalty, pass these
measures, and you will accomplish your ends.
But, if you love your country better than the
nigger, the Union better than party, drop these
diverting, ruinous measures, and let the whole
united strength of the nation be used to accom-
plish the object of all these efforts; and when the
Union is again restored to its former safety, then
introduce your other measures, and we will try to
settle them. Why will you allow the African to
cast such a black shadow over your minds that you
cannot got a single unclouded peep at the Union?
Do not, I beseech you, look at everything through
such black and deceptive spectacles. For the sake
of your country, turn your eyes away from the
negro, if only for a few short months, and let pa-
triots see the Union restored; then I care not how
divided we are in sentiment, nor how much you ex-
tol and eulogize the dark object of youraffcctions.
I do not wonder that the advocates of emanci-
pation are at a loss to know what to do with the
immense burden that they propose to carry. I
do not wonder that they propose so many and
such impracticable methods of relief. Already
have many«of the States, whose Representatives
on this floor are loudest in their appeals for eman-
cipation and abolition, cruelly closed their doors
against the unfortunate African.
I send to the Clerk's desk, to be read in the
hearing of this House, and to go forth to the world
as evidence of the truthfulness of such heartfelt
sympathy, extracts from the laws of Indiana and
Illinois:
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Sec. I. No negio m mulatto shall come into or settle
in the State Jitter the adoption of this, constitution.
Skc. 2. All contiacts made with any negro oi mulatto
coming into the State contrary to the pi ©visions of the fore-
going Miction shiill be void; and any peis-on whos-hall em-
ploy &uch negro or mulatto, or otherwise encourage him to
remain in the State, shall he fined in any sum not le&a than
ten dollais nor more than $30U.
"See. 3. All fines? which may be collected foi a violation
of the provisions of this article, or of any iaw which may
heieafter'be passed for thepuiposeot carrying the same
into execution, shall be sot apart and appropriated for the
colonization of such negroe* and mulattoes and their de-
scendants as may he in the State at the adoption ot this
eonsttumon, and rn.ij be willing to eimgiate.
"See 4. The General A^embly shall pass laws to carry
out the provisions of this aitide."—Constitutionof Indiana,
"Skc. 6. All contracts made with negroes or mulattoes
who shall have come into the State of Indiana subsequent
to t'ie I >t day of November, A. D. 1851, aie hereby declared
null and void.
u See. 7. Any peison who shall employ a negro or mu-
latto who shall have come into the State of Indiana subse-
quent to the ."ilst day of October, in the yeai 1851, or shall
heieafter come into the said State, or who shall ouenuiago
such negro or mulatto to remain m the State, shall be fined
m any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than -
Jin actio enforce the thirteenth aiticlc of the Constitution
oj Indiana.
"The General Assembly shall at it^ first session under
the amended constitution pass such lawsaswiil effectually
prohibit fcee poisons of color fiom unmsgiating to and set-
tling in \iu-~. State, and to effectually pievent the owncwof
slaves fiom banging them into this State foi thepuipose of
setting them fiee."—Constitution of Illinois, ail. 14.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, the extiacts read
fully illustrate, in the most satisfactory manner,
the puie and deep feeling, and kind and benevo-
lent intentions of the gentlemen referred to; and
are proof positive, no doubt, of the high-toned
sentiments and opinions of the constituents they
so earnestly and faithfully represent. They cer-
tainly require no further comment from me. They
carry their own commendation.
