2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
that while they were contending against the con-
federate armies and the confederate powerarrayed
for the overthrow of that Constitution; while they
were making war against the confederates who
made war upon the Constitution, they would
equally make war against those who assailed the
Constitution on this floor. That is what I said;
and it is what I now repeat, and what I Will al-
ways repeat. If any party or any faction gets
temporarily possession of the Government, and
seeks to pass unconstitutional measures to carry
out its schemes of philanthropy or emancipation
or any other schemes, and tramples upon the
Constitution for the purpose of carrying out its
measures, 1 will stand up in resistance against
them just as I would against the southern rebels,
and I would make the same war upon them and
upon their movements against the Constitution,
that I would against the secessioners themselves'
in battle array against the Constitution. That is
what I said, what I meant, and what I will con-
tinue to say.
I merely intend to say that as to the people of
Kentucky we acknowledge obedience to the Con-
stitution; we acknowledge obedience to every con-
stitutional law. We have the perfect right to re-
sist, and we intend to resist by every means and
agency that we can command, the execution of
all unconstitutional laws, and we intend to make
the same war upon the party that passes uncon-
stitutional laws that we make against the south-
ern confederation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr.Prcsident, I have just
a wool to say, and then I shall repeat the motion
that I made before to lay this resolution upon the
table. In reply to the Senator from Kentucky, I
will only say that although he gives us his advice
with reference to our course of proceeding, and
his opinion as to the right course to pursue, and
his judgment as to what would be the effect of fol-
lowing his opinion and the evil effects that would
come from not doing so,itall comcs back to this:
that the majority decide these matters, and if they
decide otherwise than seems to be agreeable to
him, he must submit to it both with regard to mat-
ters, and as to what they shall take up, and how
long they will continue questions before the Sen-
ate. I suppose that what the majority feel inclined
to do in reference to the business of the Senate—
and when I say the majority, I do not mean any
party majority, but a majority of the body—what
time they will occupy, is for them to decide, and
the Senator from Kentucky and myself, if wo hap-
pen to be in the minority, must submit with the
best grace we can.
Now, sir, with reference to what the Senator
from Kentucky has said about resistance, I real-
ly do not attach so much consequence to what
he has said on this and on former occasions in re-
gard to resistance as some of my friends do. I
believe the Senator does not mean to say that he
would counsel armed resistance at once, because
he considered the legislation of this body to want
some constitutional power. I do not understand
him as referring to that mode of settling the ques-
tion. He should not be taken literally when he
says that every citizen lias a right to resist and
take the consequence of his resistance, because if
that right exists in one it exists in many, and it
amounts to rebellion. That is not the resistance
that he means, because he is counseling us to put
down rebellion every day that he stays here, in
the strongest possible terms. What lie means
by resistance cannot bo that, because that is get-
ting precisely in the difficulty that the people of
the South have fallen into.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator need not in-
terrupt me. I am saying what his meaning cannot
be.
^ Mr. DAVIS. Will not the Senator allow me
just one word in explanation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ceitainly.
Mr DAVIS. I have said in one of my speeches
that the right of revolution 
Mi. FESsENDEN. We will not go into that
subject. °
Mi. DAVIS. Was the last right to be exer-
cised ; and that I would counsel my people to sub-
mit to any oppression that was at all tolerable be-
tlley resorted to the right of revolution. Of
course, the Senator s idea of my resistance is cor-
rect We would resist according to the modes
and forms that appeared most advisable to us
and if we resisted to the last resort, it is a point
we should not come to at once, and that we should
not come to for slight causes, but whenever the
cause existed in sufficient force to authorize such
a mode of resistance, I would counsel it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator would give
his people that counsel, to stand it just as long as
it was tolerable, he would give them very good
counsel, and I dare say they would follow it.
Any sensible people would pursue that course,
whether they were counseled to do it or not.
Therefore it is true, as I said, that the Senator did
not mean to counsel armed resistance or resist-
ance by force, because he thought that a law was
unconstitutional. He meant no such thing. He
did not mean that he would resist by trying the
question in the courts, because that everybody
would do, as my friend from Massachusetts says,
and it is idle to talk about that kind of resistance.
It is open to everybody, and everybody takes it
on all questions. What did he mean, then ? He
meant that they would resist it by a war of words.
Well, sir, we have it here every day; we have
had it from the Senator all the session; and we
have been so used to it since I have been in Con-
gress that it has got to be now perfectly tolerable
as a matter which we cannot escape, which fright-
ens nobody, which does no harm. I would counsel
my friends hereandelsewhere not to trouble them-
selves about it, but to let it go, for we cannot
escape it. That war is always ready to be inau-
gurated. Whenever a measure does not happen
to suit certain gentlemen, whenever there is a dif-
ference of opinion about the constitutionality of
a measure, whenever a thing is a little disagree-
able, that war commences. ^It commences furi-
ously; it rages terribly; and it generally ends in
words. If it should go further, and appeal to
force, the Government and the country are show-
ing that they know what to do. Until thatcomes,
it is not worth while for us to trouble ourselves
about it.
Now, sir, the question simply is whether we
shall fix a day for adjournment. I moved before
to lay the resolution on the table. I now renew
that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS. I was only going to say one
word in explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator renew
the motion if I withdiaw it for him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
do so; for I cannot go on and reply to him. I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. When I spoke of resistance a
few days ago, I indicated precisely some modes
of resistance that I would counsel. I said that I
believed the Congress of the United States had no
power, under the pretext of confiscation, to free
a shive, and that if such a law were passed I be-
lieved my State would provide, and I would coun-
sel them to make such a provision by an enact-
ment of theirs, to reduce again to slavery all slaves
who were attempted to be emancipated by any
such legislation, with the view of establishing
countervailing legislation. This is one of the
modes of resistance that I contemplated. I con-
templated others. I do not contemplate, except
as a final and dernier resort, any resort to force of
arms, and I do not believe that necessity will ever
come upon us, because I expressed myself m the
most confident conviction that the people of the
free States were just and true enough to the Con-
stitution to do justice to the border slave States,
and to all the slave States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew the motion that
the resolution lie on the table, and I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, lliownins, Chandler, Clark,
< nllamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessemlen, Foot. Foster,
Crime-, Hale, Uailan, Hani-, Howard, Hmvp, Kin", Lane
ol Kansas, Latham, McDongaN, Mmull, Ne-muli^l'omo-
roy. Ilice, Sherman, Snmnei.Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
H llliinson, Willey, and Wilson of Massachusetts—32.
NAY.S—Davis, Henderson, Lane ol Indiana,
Powell, Saulsliun, Wilson of Missoun, and Wright—7.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
EXCLUSION' OF COLORED WITS ESSES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution, and ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to its con-
sideration now:
Resolved, That the select committee on the confiscation
of rebel pioperty be directed to consider the expediency of
pioviding that in all judicial pioceedings to confiscate the
pioperty and free the slaves of rebels, there shall be no ex-
clusion of any witness on account of color.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to its consider-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will lie over under the rules.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer, also, another resolu-
tion. The Senator will bear in mind that these
arc resolutions directed to a committee, and merely
of inquiry.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offered a resolution in
the early part of the session, and the Senator availed
himself of the privilege of objecting to it. I avail
myself of the same privilege now.
BOUNTY FROM CONFISCATED ESTATES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, Tnat the select committee on tlie confiscation
of rebel property bo directed to consider the expediency of
pioviding that oui soldiers engaged in the suppression of the
rebellion may be entitled to bounty lands out of the real
estate of the lebels.
Mr. POWELL. Let it lie over.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 374) to secure freedom to all persons within
the Territories of the United States was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
DISCHARGE OF ENLISTED MEN.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The bill (S.
No. 289) to facilitate the discharge ofenlistcd men
forphysical disability,comes back from the House
of Representatives with two slight amendments,
which, on examination, ought, 1 think, to be read-
ily concurred in.
The Secretary read the amendments of the
House of Representatives, which was in line six,
after the word " man," to insert the words " with
the consent of such soldier or enlisted man," and
in the same line to change the word " hospital"
to " hospitals."
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that that provis-
ion will render it impossible for the Government
to discharge any of the soldiers who are found to
be incapacitated for the further discharge of their
duty, except with the consent of the person who
is sought to be discharged. There is another law
under which such persons can be discharged. All
I want now is to draw the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs to this
point, whether this act is so worded that it may
repeal the other law, so that it will be impossible
for us to discharge one of these persons who is
unwilling to be discharged. 'A person may have
served us six months, and he may be utterly dis-
abled, and we may want to discharge him and not
retain him two years and a half longer. It seems
to me we had better look into that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am very
sure that there is no difficulty about the matter. I
will state to the Senator from Iowa that by the-ex-
istinglaw and practice, by regulation of the War
Office, the surgeons certify that a soldier is unfitted
by physical disability to remain in the service; that
certificate goes to the Adjutant General's office,
and the soldier is discharged. This bill does not
interfere with that in any way whatever; it simply
authorizes the Inspector General and each of the
eight inspectors in the hospitals to discharge sol-
diers. The amendment provides that it shall be
with their consent. In the same hospital where
the inspector may go, the surgeon stationed there
may every day send in to the Government a certifi-
cate that certain soldiers are disabled and ought to
be discharged. That will go on; but these inspect-
ors visit every part of the forces; they visit the
various hospitals, and or* making personal exam-
inations they find that certain men ought to be dis-
charged. We give them power to discharge them;
but the very same day and from the very same
place and perhaps at the very same moment, an-
other surgeon stationed there may be forwarding
for other soldiers the certificate that they are dis-
qualified, and the Government receives them and
makes the discharges. This bill does not in any
way interfere with that and was not intended to
do so^. This bill meets the entire approbation of
