82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
arid that the law was calculated to stir up angry
feelings and produce an unpleasant condition of
things over the country.
Now, sir, without attempting to go into a dis-
cussion of the unconstitutionality of such laws as
these, which was so ably, and, I think, unanswer-
ably shown to this House at the extra session,
by the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Chittenden,) I suppose that if the Presi-
dent and the war authorities of the Government
have all the power upon this subject that they
need, and more, it is hardly worth while for us
in this House to undertake to assume the control
of the Army of the United States, and direct our
commanders what they shall do. It is very evident
to me that the President of the United States has
found difficulty with these runaway slaves, be-
cause he suggests-to Congress that we should pro-
vide some way to dispose of the free blacks, not
only who escape from thralldom, but those also
who are willing to go from among ourselves; and
I think, notwithstanding our learned friend over
the way is so willing to trust to Providence to tell
us what to do with these four millions of blacks
the moment they arc all set free, that the President
of the United States supposed that, while we trust
in Providence, we should show ourselves worthy
of that trust by doing all we can to provide for the
emergency which we see. And 1 think that the
President of the United States and the actual com-
mander-in-chief of the armies of the United States
desire that some provision should be made to dis-
pose of these colored persons before we are overrun
with more of them.
We all know our Army has been embarrassed;
that our commanders have been embarrassed al-
ready by the numbers of these fugitives; and shall
we pour upon them the whole of these four mil-
lions at once without, making any provision for
those who are already on their hands? If such
laws as these are unnecessary, why force them
upon the consideration of this House? Is it de-
sirable that this House should be divided; that
the great and united feeling of this country should
be divided upon a vexed question which every-
body knows has occupied the attention of Con-
gress and the wisest men in our country ever
since the Government was formed ? Is it desira-
ble that we should unnecessarily draw upon our-
selves such a question as this, upon which the
argument is almost unlimited, and upon which so
much has been and so much can be said upon
both sides? If it is unnecessary, then I may
safely shy it is ungenerous upon the part of the
responsible majority of this House to force con-
tinually upon us the necessity of seeming to go
against our country, or else vote against our con-
sciences.
If gentlemen arc so very tender in regard to
making sure that the President of the United
States and the military authorities shall have am-
ple power to do what, according to their own ar-
guments, the martial law of the world gives them
the right to do without any legislative enacynent,
why uo they not come up to the work on the
habeas coiyus; and why do they not hold up the
hands of the President in regard to that? Why do
they leave him to the exercise of a doubtful power
as regards the rights of the freemen of the North,
and urge upon us the passage of laws which he
does not need to give him sufficient power over
the property of rebels at the South ?
I voted the other day against tabling the reso-
lution in regard to the habeas corpus, not because
I desired to censure the President of the United
States at all, for I know that there are moments
when a man must take the responsibility of act-
ing at once and thoroughly; and I am willing to
suppose that the President of the United States,
when he assumed so very extraordinary a power
as this, must have had abundant reasons equal to
the emergency. But Congress has by the Consti-
tution the right to suspend the habeas coipus, and
it is at least doubtful whether the President has
that right; and yet our friends, who are so very
anxious to stay up the hands of the President and
o£ the commander-in-chief, in regard to dealing
with the property of the South, see no necessity
for relieving him of responsibility in regard to the
suspension of the habeas corpus—a power which
he assumes to exercise, and which belongs to
Congress, if it belongs to anybody.
It is possible that the suspension of the habeas
corpus by the President during the recess of Con-
gress was an inevitable necessity. But we had
the extraordinary session, and now Congress is
in session again; and the plea of immediate neces-
sity can scarcely be extended beyond the period
when legitimate relief might be obtained.
I have suggested, sir, that it is ungenerous to
us, who are willing to go just as far and sacrifice
just as much to maintain this Government as any
'gentlemen who happen to be honored with seats
upon the other side of this House, to urge con-
tinually upon us measures which are known to be
obnoxious to us, and which it is known we have
fought against all our lives; but, if it is ungener-
ous to us, how much more so is it to our friends
who reside in slaveholding States? It is a very
easy thing for us to prate about loyalty, because
all our interests and all our associations take us
inevitably with our Government; but our friends
in the slaveholding States have come up as nobly
as we to sustain this Government at the imminent
peril of their lives, their property, and everything
they hold dear, and must they be continually dis-
gusted and sickened by this eternal croaking of
" men engaged in the philanthropic line of busi-
ness?" [Laughter.]
Now, sir, one consideration more I desire to
present upon thisquestionandl have done. There
is a consideration, in my judgment, in opposition
to these resolutions which we must heed, and that
is this: that, whether right or wrong, a very large
majority of the soldiers of our Army are opposed
to this anti-slavery agitation. Is it possible that
these extreme measures are to be forced through
Congress simply for the purpose of showing the
sense of Congress upon this question, when gen-
tlemen opposite tell us there is no need of any
such laws? And do you suppose it can be done
without demoralizing our Army ? These men have
been educated all their lives in the idea that this
agitation of the slavery question was unprofitable,
and that it was likely to produce the very state of
things which now exists; and they believe—
whether right or wrong, they religiously believe—
that the unnecessary agitation of this slavery ques-
tion is the sole and only cause of all our troubles.
Now, sir, let it be understood, let it be read in our
camps, that this war is prosecuted, as has been
more than intimated by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, for the extinction of slavery, and I tell
you, gentlemen, whether you believe it or not, the
power of our Army is paralyzed.
Mr. CON WAT. Mr. Speaker, it is a source
of much regret to the country that the war should
not be conducted with more effect than has so far
characterized it. While few feel authorized to
question the delay, or deny the necessity which
imposed it, all are profoundly dissatisfied with the
fact itself. The war has already been protracted
beyond the limit which the public mind, at the
outset, fixed for its termination, assuming gigan-
tic proportions, and involving expense of life
and treasure not apprehended when the struggle
began.
The original object of the country was to put
down a rebellion, not to inaugurate a regular war.
The authority to make war being not with the
President, but with Congress, it was in recognition
of his right to suppress insurrection merely that
the volunteer soldiery of the country responded to
his call, when the Government was menaced with
destruction. The intention of Congress, in voting
such extraordinary supplies of men and money,
was the same.
The spirit of the lamented General Lyon, man-
ifested in the vigorous and summary manner with
which he subdued the secession movements in
Missouri, was that in which the whole nation im-
patiently sympathized. It wanted the authority
of the Government exerted with decision and ef-
fect, so that rebellion should be crushed in the
shell, and not permitted to hatch into revolution.
But the course of the Government has not corre-
sponded with the ardor of the people. The con-
flict has now been progressing nine months, and
has changed its character from an attempt to de-
stroy an insurrection into a deliberate and settled
war.
Up to the present time we have not encountered
the enemy in a single engagement of importance
in which we have won an unquestionable victory.
At Bethel, at Manassas, at Springfield, at Lees-
burg, and at Belmont, we have been defeated.
Saving two expeditions to our southern coast, the
Federal arms have been everywhere overborne,
notwithstanding our volunteers have displayed a
gallantry rarely equaled even by veteran troops.
This fruitless campaign has resulted in defeat-
ing the original purpose of the country; and the
rebels have secured', under the recognition of
nations, a belligerent character, m derogation of
their responsibilities to the Federal Union.
The character thus confirmed to the rebellious
States gives them a position they could not hold
under the Federal Constitution. In point of fact,
it confers upon them a recognized status among
nations to make war upon that Constitution.
Why, then, does it not also exonerate the Fed-
eral Government from any obligation to them de-
pendent upon that instrument? How can they
have rights under the Constitution the Govern-
ment is bound to respect, while they are enjoying
the rights of belligerents arising from incompati-
ble relations? It is impossible to appreciate the
logic requiring us to treat them as sister States,
respecting rights as such, while they are warring
upon us as a foreign enemy. It certainly would
be more just as well as correct to claim them as
rebel States, with such a belligerent character as
releases us from any obligation to respect their
Federal status.
In fact and principle, their character as bellig-
erents fixes their status, and not our common Con-
stitution. Its authority is suspended. No United
States officer has exercised a function in any of
those States for nine months. During this period
we have been powerless to give protection m any
shape to life and property. Through an organ-
ization styled the " confederate States govern-
ment," a military power has exhibited itself,
which, embodying the force of that section, exer-
cises civil administration,and disputes our sway.
The following from Vattel is precisely to the
point:
" When a nation becomes divided into two parties, ab-
solutely independent, and no longer acknowledging a com-
mon snpenor, the State is dissolved, and the war between
the two parties stands upon the same ground, in every re-
spect, as a public war between two different nations.5'—
Book III, chap. XVIII, p. 428.
This is in reality the principle now governing
the case, whatever may appear to the contrary.
We have established a blockade of the southern
coast as against a public enemy, under interna-
tional law. We have been meeting the confederate
authorities for months and holding relations with
them through the medium of a flag of truce—a
symbol authorized only by public law. We hold
in our hands hundreds of their prisoners, includ-
ing some of their most eminent men, whom we do
not appear to intend to try for treason, but whom
we design to exchange for our own friends held
as prisoners of war by them. We have arrested
their embassadors, under the British fhig on the
high sea, for which we have no justification ex-
cept on the assumption that they were envoys
from a public enemy, recognized as such by the
law of nations.
The action of our Government in all these mat-
ters is necessarily based on the theory that the
confederate States (so called) are beyond the ju-
risdiction of the Union, holding a middle ground,
subject to the issue of the pending conflict. I do
not see that there is any possibility of getting
away from this conclusion.
The work of the Government, at its present
stage, is not, therefore, suppression of insurrec-
tion, in any just sense; but the overthrow of a re-
bellious belligerent power. Its success does not
signify the execution of the terms of an existing
government in the seceded States—remitting them
to their original status in the Union; but implies
their subjugation to the sovereignty of the United
States, to be held as territories, or military de-
pendencies, or States, or anything else we please.
This is clearly the present attitude of the case.
Now the evil of our system is the institution of
slavery. Conflicting with the rights of human
nature, it is required to grasp, monopolize, and
exercise power despotically, in order to perpetu-
ate its own existence. It has been to us a prolific
source of national disaster. It is the sustaining
cause, the object, and chief resource of this rebel-
lion; at the same time that it is the point atwhich
the most fatal blow may be inflicted upon it.
The abolition of slavery is no longer a " con-
traband" proposition. It has been elevated by
events into a measure of wide-spread public im-
portance, demanding the favorable consideration
of statesmen. His no longer the shibboleth of
