THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOOEEPING-S OF CONG-EESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGrTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Sess
WEDNESDAY, JULY 2,1862.
New Series No. 190.
greeting of Maine to Illinois, on the fall of Port
Donelson:
maine to illinois.
Augusta, Maine, March 22, 1862.
Dear Sir: The East sends greeting to the West, and
Maine assures Illinois that she rejoices in her glory.
I have the pleasure to transmit to you a copy of a resolu-
tion which has passed both Houses of the Legislature of
this State by a unanimous vote. It is in reference to our
recent victories in the West, and speaks with the voice and
from the heart of the loyal people of Maine.
I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your
excellency's obedient servant,
ISRAEL WASHBURNE,jr.
His Excellency Richard Yates, Governor of Illinois,
State of Maine.
Resolves in reference to our victories in the West.
Resolved, That the people of Maine have witnessed with
patriotic pride the triumph of the Union armies in the val-
ley of the Mississippi, and they hereby extend their con-
gratulations to their loyal brethren of the West, upon the
undying laurels they have won in the rapid and splendid
succession of victories achieved by them. To the troops of
Illinois especially, for their heroic conduct at Fort Donel-
son, the country owes a debt of gratitude whicli cannot be
too heartily acknowledged and which can never be repaid.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing be sent to the
Governor of Illinois and other western States.
In the House of Representatives, March 19, 1862. Itead
and passed. J. G. BLAINE, Speaker.
In the Senate, March 19,1862. Read and passed.
JOHN G. GOODENOW,
President.
March 19,1862. Approved.
ISRAEL WASH BURNE.
State op Illinois, Executive Department,
Springfield, Jlpril 5, 1862.
Dear Sir . I send b.tek to Maine the thanKs of the loyal
hearts of li/inoi*, for the kind fleeting arid the warm ap-
proval, contained in the letter ot her able Executive and in
the resolutions of her General Assembly.
The gallant sons of Illinois and of other western States
who have endured so much and won so many biilliarit vic-
tories, will have ample returns for all they have suffered
and all they have achieved, by such grateful appioval from
her patriotic sister State. Your cheering words will fire
their patriotic hearts for additional triumphs over the en-
emies of our common country.
It is a cheering thought that, though long distance inter-
vene between Illinois and Maine, the glory of the one is the
glory of the other, and the same success which thrills the
hearts of tiie denizens of the prairie finds instantaneous and
sympathetic response in all the dwellers upon the eastern
*hore, and from all your pine-covered hills. There is a holy
bond of "union." May that bond betorever unbroken and
perpetual, and our distant people long be under one flag,
one Constitution, and one nationality, and forever linked to-
gether by the same undying affection for the principles of
civil and relfgious li6erty.
I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration,
RICllARI) YATES.
His Excellency Israel Wasiiburne, jr.,
Governor of Maine.
The following is the response of Governor An-
drew, of Massachusetts, to the proposition era-
bodied in this bill :
New York, June 23, 18G2.
***********
1 wi h my humble power could give you any valuable
cooperation. Even if the argument on the facts were far
less convincing than it is, I would promote this measure,
as an earnest of our unconqueiable will to live and thnve
as a continental, independent, and beneficent Tower; on
the one hand, planting the seeds of a richer and greater life,
both moral and material, even in the midst of war; and on
the other hand, as an earnest of the cordial confidence and
faithful trust enteitained by the heart and biain of New
England in out brethren of the imperial West.
To refuse aught, which, uniting by artificial conveniences
of commercial or military communication the West and the
Ea&t, serving also to bind our hearts and mold our inter-
ests in more intimate union, would be narrow, even to self-
ishness, and selfishness is always nan ow and always blind.
Whatever makes man happy, prosperous, hopeful.and free,
is a blowing to us all. Spend whatever you widely may for
the development of the West, the industry, patience, and
skill of the New England people will know how to reap
their shaie of the benefits of the expenditure.
I am, with great respect and regard, your faithful and
obedient servant, JOHN A. ANDREW.
Illinois and the Northwest, in a spirit of frater-
nal feeling, now appeal to Congress for aid to a
work, national in its character, and as important
to the East as to the We?c itself. We present for
your consideration a proposition which has been
carefully examined by three committees of this
House and received the sanction and approval of
each, to wit: the Committee on Military Affairs,
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and the se-
lect committee on the defense of the great lakes
and rivers.
190
what is this proposition?
It is quite simple, and I beg your attention to
it, because I am confident, if you will hear me,
you will vote for it.
1. The State of Illinois has already a canal
across the portage, from Lake Michigan to the
Illinois river.
I ask permission to read from the report of the
select committee on defense of the great lakes and
rivers:
<e Reference to the advantages growing out of the Cana-
dian canals bring* us to the consideration of the importance
of the enlargement of the Illinois and Michigan canal for
military purposes. It will be observed that while we are
prohibited from placing vessels of war on the lakes, Great
Britain can accumulate gunboats ather pleasure on the St.
Lawrence, and by her canals bring them into Lake Erie.
We must lemedy this by widening the Illinois and Michi-
gan canal. As early as 1822 Congress authorized the State
of Illinois to open a canal through the public lands to con-
nect the Illinois river with Lake Michigan. In 1827 a quan-
tity of land was granted to the State of Illinois for the pur-
pose of aiding in opening this canal.
" The work was surveyed and commenced in 1836. It
begins at Chicago and runs to La Salle, the head of navi-
gation on the Illinois river, a distance of ninety miles. It
was originally designed to make what was called the deep
cut, which was to use Lake Michigan as a feeder. The
work was moie than half completed on this basis, but ow-
ing to financial difficulties, the original plan was postponed,
and it was completed in 1848 on the high level, and fed by
the Calumet,Chicago, Desplane, Kankakee,and Fox rivers.
" The realization of the grand idea of a ship canal from
Lake Michigan to the Mississippi for military and commer-
cial purposes is the great work of the age. In effect, com-
mercially, it turns the Mississippi into Lake Michigan, and
makes an outlet for the great lakes at New Orleans, and of
the Mississippi at New York. It brings together the two
great systems of water communication of our countiy. The
great lakosand the St.Lawrence, and tin; canals connecting
the lakes with the owan on the east; and the Mississippi
and Missouri, with all their tributaries on the west and south.
This communication so vast can be effected at small ex-
pense, and with no long delay. it is but carrying out the plan
of nature. A great river, livaling the St. Lawrence at no
distant day, was discharged from Lake Michigan, by the
Illinois, into the Mississippi. Its banks, its currents, its
islands and deposits can still be easily traced, and it only
needs a deepening of the present channel for a few miles to
reopen a magnificent river from Lake Michigan to the Mis-
sissippi.
" Had this ship canal been open, its cost would have been
nearly or quite saved during the past year, m the saving of
the expenses of the expeditions on the Mississippi. The
gunboats for the Mississippi expeditions could have been
readily and cheaply obtained at the greatship-buildmgports
on the lakes. Thb canal opened, and instead of two fleets
of gunboats, one for the defense ot the western rivers, and
the other for the defense of the lakes, you may make one fleet
answer both purposes, as necessity may require. It would
enable the Government to concentrate the military re-
sources of the great lakes and the Mississippi and its inbu-
taues on either, or anywhere, as occasion might lequire.
The openingofthis canal would place us on an equality with
Great Britain, in enabling us to bring from the Atlantic even
the means of defending the lakes and rivers. Great Britain,
with a wise sagacity, expended many millions on her Ca-
nadian canals. The enlarging of the Illinois and Michigan
canal will give us equal advantages at far less cost."
The Committee on Military Affairs having care-
fully considered this subject, say—(pages 9 and
10:)
defenses of the northern' frontier.
" Ilow can the northern or lake frontier be successfully
defended, especiallyas the United States are piohibited by
tieaty from building war vessels on the lakes? On the shores
of these lakes the United States have many cities and vil-
lages, and upon theirwatersan immense commerce; these
are unsheltered by any defenses worthy of special notice,
but they are as open to incursion as was Mexico when in-
vaded by Cortez. A small fleet of light-draught, heavily-
armed, iron-clad gunboats could in one short month, in de-
spite of any opposition thatcould be made by extemporized
batteries, pacs up the St. Lawrence into the lakes and shell
every city and village fioin Ogdensburg to Chicago. At one
blow it could sweep our commerce from that entire chain
of waters. Such a fleet would liavo it in its power to in-
flict a loss to be reckoned only by hundreds of millions of
dollars, so vast is the wealth thus exposed to the depreda-
tions of a maritime enemy. To be able to strike a blow so
effective, Great Britain constructed a canal around the great
falls of Niagara. By this single work the entire chain of
lakes was opened to the entrance of all British light-draught
ocean vessels. Perceiving our ability to erect fortifications
on the St. Lawrence that might command its channel, and
thus neutralize all they had done, Great Britain dug a canal
from the foot of Lake Ontario, on aline parallel to the uvei,
but beyond the reach of American guns, to a point on the
St. Lawrence below, beyond Amenean jurisdiction, thus
securing a channel to and from the lakes out ot our ieach.
" Occupied by our own vast commercial enterpiises and
by violent party conflicts our people failed to notice at the
time that the safety of our entire noi them frontier had been
destroyed by thedigglngoftwo short canals. Nearthe head
of the St. Lawrence, (at the foot of Lake Ontario,) the Brit-
ish, to complete their supremacy on the lakes, have buiita
large naval depot for the construction and repair of vessels,
and a very strong fortress to protect the depot and the out-
let of the lake—a fort which cannot be reduced, it is sup-
posed by them, except by regular approaches. They have
also strong defenses of the St. Lawrence at Montreal, Que-
bec, &c., to make the all-important channel as safe as pos-
sible to the ingress and egress of their fleets. As things
now are, a British fleet could sail from the ocean into the
lakes, devastate the cities upon the shores, seize the com-
mercial vessels on their waters, and then, in a few days,
appear off Boston, New York, or New Orleans, to aid in
operations against us on the ocean frontier. To place our
frontier in like good condition, the United States must pos-
sess as good an inlet to the lakes,and must possess the means
to follow an enemy's fleet from one lake to another with
like certainty. We must have a naval depot of correspond-
ing extent, as well seemed and as judiciously located for
commercial as well as warlike purposes."
The Committee on Military Affairs thus enu-
merate the advantages of the Illinois and Michi-
gan canal enlarged, as proposed by this bill, (page
12.)
"The first advantage of these canals to the United States
would be, then, the Avoidance of those otherwise unavoid-
able evils. A second advantage would be found in our
ability to make one fleet answer for two. A third advantage
would be that we could build on the Ohio, Mississippi, Mis-
souri, Illinois, Hudson, and along the lines of the canals,
free from all danger of attacks, and where labor and mate-
rials would be abundant and cheap. A fourth advantage
would be equally decided: instead of being useless to tne
United States, except on the lakes where built, the digging
of the canals would enable our vessels on the lakes, In ten
days after the receipt of orders, to make their appearance
at New Orleans or Mobile for naval movements in the West
fndies, or at flew York to operate in the North Atlantic,
two thousand miles further to the northeast. The posses-
sion of a power to transfer a blockaded fleet by a safer inland
route from New York to New Orleans, or from New Or-
leans to Now York, is of itself an incalculable advantage
in times of war with a strong maritime Power. A fifth ad-
vantage might arise in this wise: should the British fleet
wintei at the naval depot, under the protection of the for-
tress, as its safety and convenience would dictate, our fleet,
long after the British fleet was ice-bound, could pass down
the Mississippi, and aid our forces in the Gulf of Mexico
and Caribbean sea a third of the year, and yet be back to its
station before the enemy could sail from its ice-bound har-
bor.
"The last advantage which your committee will name at
this time is the facilities the canals would afford, in times
of peace, to agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and the
mechanic arts. Practically the navigable channel of the
Hudson is extended to the Mississippi. The steamship
loaded at St. Paul, Omaha, St. Louis, Louisville, Memphis,
or Chicago, would transport its thousand, fifteen hundred
or two thousand tons of produce to New Yoik, Boston, or
Philadelphia, or any other poit on the entire coast, at the
pleasure of its owners, and exchange it for every fabric
known to the merchant and aitisan. This would infuse
new vigor into all industrial pursuits, and benefit all por-
tions ot this great country. It is believed that if eighty-ton
hoise boats can afford to pay tolls high enough to support
shallow canals, two thousand-ton steamboats, being sub-
jected to les<? j-xpente per ton. can afford to pay enough
higher to suppoit deeper canals of greater co&t; especially
consicleied in connection wiih the far larger amount of busi-
ness the deep canal could tiansact. They oughfwithln a
icasonable time to reimburse their first cost. Hence no
icason is perceived from the money point of view, why
these exceedingly important military channels should not be
dug."
The commerce and tonnage of the Mississippi
nearly or quite equals that of the lakes, and each
is estimated at from three hundred to five hundred
millions. Open this steamboat canal, and you
bring these great commercial interests together,
mutually benefiting1 each other, and enriching our
common country. You thus place us on an equal-
ity with Great Britain on the lakes. You connect
the eighteen thousand miles of the network of
the navigable waters of the Mississippi and its
tributaries with the great inland seas, the St. Law-
rence and the Atlantic. Did I then exaggerate its
magnitude when I characterized this bill as one
of the most important which ever engaged the at-
tention of Congress?
Mr. W1CKLFFFE. I would inquire of the
gentleman at what point the Michigan canal strikes
the Illinois river?
Mr. ARNOLD. At present it strikes it at La
Salle, ninety miles from Chicago. The proposed
canal will strike what is termed Lake Joliet, near
the junction of the rivers which form Illinois
river, at a distance of thirty-six miles from Lake
Michigan.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it contemplated to
deepen the channel of the Illinois river, to make
it equal to the contemplated navigation?
