1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
1107
ingly eternal ill ils endurance, awaits our direct-
ion, to overcome every obstacle to our will, to
execute all designs of our brain.
In this creation we behold the embodiment of
more of human thought, effort, and self-sacrifice,
more of sublime triumph and deep despair of
attainment, than culminated at Maiathon, Water-
loo, or the proudest and bloodiest of earth's battle-
fields. After knowing such dominion,and exer-
cising such mastery over the machinery of power,
and knowing the development that attends it, I
would emancipate all human labor from forced
subjection to another's will; educate all men to a
full development of their intelligence and skill;
and opnn unobstructed way to every people, that
the race may achieve supremest mastery over the
material world and the forces of nature. And as
man's developed will transcended his physical
power to execute, I would give each laborer, not
a human, but an iron slave.
In answer you will say, " we also have the en-
gine and machinery as aid and ally to our well-
ordered, safe, and permanent system of labor."
I know you have admitted machinery within your
realm; but you have always feared it as the mis-
sionary of freedom; for the free-thoughted, out-
spoken mechanic, the engineer, the smith, and the
machinist, the whole army of workers in iron and
brass, in stone and in wood, folio w close in its train.
These men will assert the dignity of labor, and
their equality with you, by making terms and con-
ditions with you; they will stand your equals as
men, your superiors in the skill and knowledge of
their trade, and will give you equivalent service
for your gold. You know that slavery cannot live
in the face of such men. They bring with them
the fundamental idea of the North, " thjU the la-
borer is worthy of his hire;" that the first debt to
be paid, is the wages of the working man; and that
to defraud the laborer of his hire, is the depth of
meanness. In the South it is considered honor-
able to compel the laborer to work without pay.
This constitutes the essential difference between
the North and the South—the meanness of the one
is the honor of the other; how will you reconcile
them? And these practical men of exact works
and close figures will reason with you, slavehold-
ers, m this wise: you give $1,000 for a slave and
place lum at one end of a saw, and another §1,000
for his mate at the other end, and you get scant
supply of lumber for your houses or ships. I will
give $1,000 for a ten horse power engine equal
to the power of one hundred and fifty men, and
attach it to a saw, and supply you with lumber
so cheap that you must discard the saw, and
turn your slaves to other employment. Or you
put your slave to the hand-mill, and he grinds
a scant supply of coarse meal for your family
use; but the millwright marks the brawling brook
that from creation's dawn has run its wild course
free and unobstructed from the mountain to the
sea; he takes the stones that block your roads,
and the boulders that mar the beauty of your
pastures, and he. forms a reservoir of gratuitous
power in the null-dam; he fashions the null, and
shapes the water-wheel and simple machinery
from the crowded trees of the forest; from ma-
terial hitherto waste he evolves a power of a thou-
sand hands, and directs it to the preparation of the
corn and wheat—in consequence,a thousand slaves
are liberated from the toil of the mill, and a thou-
sand handmills are consigned to the rubbish heap.
The plough and cultivator banish the clumsy hoe,
and substitute the horse or mule for many slaves;
thus, by improved machinery and processes,
lessening your dependence on the rude labor ot
the slave, and dispensing with the awkward tools
with which the past was content. Every improve-
ment, whether the erection of the mill or the in-
troduction of the steam engine, fiees or removes
your bondmen. In this peacctul process of eman-
cipation we see the lutnd-saw giving way to the
reciprocating mill-saw, and this, in turn, dis-
placed by the circular saw. The old planter's mill
banished by the water or steam-null; the spin-
ning-wheel and hand-loom merged and lost in the
giant factory; the scythe, the sickle, and the flail
in the patent reaper and the thrashing machine.
And yet, sir, so far as I have heard, the unfor-
tunate owners of this discarded macluneiy have
never set up a claim on Governmentfor the losses
incurred by the introduction'of the patented in-
ventions. Had such claim been made, a good and
sufficient answer wc>uld be: you are more than
compensated in the reduced cost of the products
of the new machinery. You are paid for your
saw in the first load of boards you purchase. It is
eighty-five years since Adam Smith wrote:
" It appears, accoidinptfyjfiom the experiences of all ages
and nations,that tliewoil; done by fieemencomesclieapcr
in the end than that performed by f-laves. It is found 10 do
so even at Boston, New Yoik,and Philadelphia,where the
wages ot laboi ale so very high."—Wealth of Nations, 1, vni.
So wrote Adam Smith; and all intelligent men
know that the odds are greatly in favor of any-
thing Adam Smith wrote being true. Do you be-
lieve this ? My constituents will be apt to say to
claimants for compensation for the emancipated
slave, " you will be paid in the better man we
will give you; if we take your slave we will re-
turn you the freed man;" and again, " you will
be paid for your saw in the first load of boards
you buy." But you say, " we do notdesire this."
Possibly not; but it has been answered " that the
Republic may suffer no damage, we do this thing."
" But I have bought this man. I gave 'thirty
pieces of silver' for him, and he is-mine; his in-
crease, and his services are my possession. Are
my thirty pieces to go for nothing? Would you
rob me?" Not so. We place you on a level with
the owner of the turnpike and the Conestoga team,
whenthe railroad and locomotive were introduced.
You suffer only as the owner of all productive
machines does when better and cheaper produc-
tions displace his; from the " whipsaw," the
"handmill," and the "spinning-wheel," up to
the slave, all are subject to the common law of
property in machines; all must yield to the better
and cheaper, without thoughtofcompensation for
the discarded rubbish. Should my people say this
to me, how can I answer them ! How can I vote
millions to lemunerate the owner of the slave,
when he is supciseded by a better man, and refuse
to apply the same rule to the thousand and one
bake-ovens that may be displaced and ruined by
the mechanical bakery.
To illustrate the. injustice, suppose South Car-
olina has four hundred thousand slaves, and we
allow the moderate sum of $400 for each slave,
this would equal §160,000,000 ill compensation to
the owners, and yet the Slate would contain four
liundied thousand more efficient workers than it
had before. We are made poorer by the taxes
imposed to meet this payment. They are made
doubly rich by the gift of millions of dollars and
freedom to the slave.
An objection to the policy of confiscation, or
the emancipation that may follow it, and one that
is used to fright the northern laborer from meet-
ing the question squarely, to bias his better judg-
ment by appeals to an alarmed self-interest, is
embodied in the question asked by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright:]
<C Wheie would you m.itch that aimy ot four million's of
: laves: Would you march thorn to Ohio, or to the State of
PcnuMlvama, or to the Mate ol New Yoik?"
And which he anwers in the following sup-
position :
" But let mo ^av to the gentleman, that if his army of four
million* dl'Mavi'Mvcif tu eommfiioe their march into Ohio
and Pennsylvania, it would be woi*e upon those States
than the phonos of Ggjpt. They would devour and cutout
the suhitanee of the people. Nut only would that evil come
to past, but the effect of it would aUo be to destiny the
black** themselves and annihiluteali their powei for^od/'
This is a fearful picture, and one that we mi<;ht
justly shrink from, were nfounded 111 probability,
or had anything of fact to sustain it.
I propose to show by the following argument
that such inroad is unlikely, and would be con-
trary to the past history of this people.
By the census of 1850, we find that Maryland
had a free black population of 74,000; Delaware
of 16,000; Virginia of 54,000; or a total of 136,000
in these three border States.
These free blacks are surrounded by the blight-
ing influences and dangers (if slavery; subjected
to' laws, the injustice and cruelty of which arc
but now coming: to light in the practices of this
District. In spite.of threats of forcible expatria-
tion, or of being sold into bondage; in the lace of
attempted legislation, thus denounced by Judge
Catron, of Tennessee, in opposing a bill for the
forcible removal of this unhappy class:
'• Mv objection to the bill 1s- that it proposes to commit an
ouhcure, to }>rypetfft&c rni oppression and cruelty. lhi  1*5
tile piam tiuth. ami it xs idle to mince woids to soften the
iaet. . ,
We are told that this * free negro bill' is a pontic, pop-
ular measure. Where is it popular? Inwhatnook orcot-
ner of the State are the principles of humanity so deplora-
bly deficient that a majority of the whole inhabitants would
commit an outrage not committed in a Christian country
of which history gives any account? In what country is,
it, tliis side of Africa, that the majority have enslaved the
minority, sold the weak to the strong, and applied the pro-
ceed® of sale to educate the children of ilie stronger sid,e,
a<5 this bill proposes? It is an open assertion that 4might
makes right.' It is reopening the African slave-trade, in
fact. Tn that trade the strong capture the weak, and sell
them, and so it will be ln're, if this policy is carried out.
u All ovei the State, those who are responsible for pass-
ing the hill will have to contend with fearful public opin-
ion, made up of all the women who have mojral characters
and iciigious feelings; hacked by the clergy, and assuredly
by a very large majority of the members of all the churches,
for we lm^t carry along with us the Important fact that
numbers of the people, sought to be enslaved or driven out,
belong to and are members of our various churchcs. ana
in full communion. That these great bodies of Christian
men and women will quietly ptaud by and see their hum-
ble co-woikers sold on the block to the negro-trader, is not
to be expected, nor will any set of men be supported, mor-
ally oi politically, who are the authors of such a law."
Yet of the 53,000 free blacks in Pennsylvania,
only 15,000 are not native born. Why have this
people, with so many reasons to impel them,not
migrated to the North? Why do they adhere
with such persistence to their native soil? This
love of home is strikingly illustrated by the fol-
lowing figures from the census of 1850: of the
54,333 free blacks in the State of Virginia, only
533 were bom out of the State; of the 18,073 in
Delaware, only 1,341; of the 74,723 in Maryland,
only 1,367; and of the 27,463 in North Carolina,
but 645 were born out of the State; or of a total
free population in these four States of 174,000,
only 3,686 are foreign born, or a trifle over two
per cent. This shows plainly that the black is
not migratory, and that our people have little to
apprehend from a race thus deep-rooted in the soil
of the South. Is it not doing violence to right
reason and the facts to assume that the negro
would abandon the home that he lias clung to un-
der such adverse circumstances, with the firststep
towards rendeiing his existence tolerable? I am
satisfied that gentlemen have allowed their preju-
dice to cloud their judgment; and when they come
to review the facts, they will agree with me that,
with emancipation, the exodus of the negro will
be south ward, and that soon, of all the free blacks
residentin thecold North, one half or more would
take up the line of march to the sunny land of
Dixie.
" Where the yam will grow, the cotton blow,
They'll lai^c the rice and corn ;
And never they'll fear if never they hear
The driver blow his horn."
Having combatted the apprehension that the
comparative feeble African would overrun and
root out the developed working man of the free
States, 1 will proceed, in a rapid and hasty sketch,
to set forth some of the advantages that may ac-
crue to the northern laborer by this system of
free labor m the South, which may happily follow
this war.
The slaves of the South are, of necessity, non-
consumers of the products of northern skill and
labor, save to a very limited extent. There are
about four million five hundred thousand slaves;
these will be converted into consumers of our
labor by the introduction of a system that will
enable them to gratify their simple tastes, fti vieing
with old master in the consumption of the ten
thousand products of our skill. The wages earned
by these people, exclusive of board, would at
once amount to $250,000,000, of which it is within
reason to suppose one half, or $150,000,000, would
find its way into the workshops of the North.
Why, sir, a single pair of shoes per annum to each
of these four and a half millions would cheer
the hearts of the sons of St. Crispin in Massachu-
setts and Philadelphia; a cheap ornamental Yan-
kee clock on each mantel of the eight hundred
thousand humble homes which would soon dot
the southern landscape, would almost reconcile
Connecticut to freedom; an extra Sunday gown
to each woman and child would consume twenty
or thirty millions of yards of calicoes; a suit of
Sunday best to each man and boy would give
^30,000,000 to northern industry; the hoe, spade,
! and ax, needed about the little home, would add
| other millions. Each want gratified would lead
to new desires, to act as stimulants lo thrift and
I' industry, and thus fit them to their new estate.
|| But the South will soon supply these simple
!, wants of her people—granted; and i most ardently
j; desire that she may. Then she will the more need
! 1 the skill of our mechanics to build her mills and
