1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
machinery, and the skilled workmen of the North
to conduct her enterprise to success. At a future
time 1 may follow this argument into detail, to
show to the working man, capitalist, mechanic.,
manufacturer, and trader of the whole countiy,
the advantages of securing a market of four and a
half millions of consumers.
Mr. Chairman, the ad vocates of slavery are now
encaged in the destruction of the Government and
the (Constitution. They have proclaimed their in-
dependence, and have adopted a constitution, the
.Mao nf u?hir>h ?« thp pnsln vfiment of labor, the
vital idea of which is the enslavement of labor, the
subordination of the rights of man to the power
of capital, or, in fulfillment of the avowal of Gov-
ernor H. V. Johnson, " that capital should own
labor and the laborer." With this unholy pur-
pose at heart, they have levied armies and waged
war on the land. They have fitted and authorized
privateers to ravage the seas. By appeals to the
avarice of the foreign trader, and temptations to
-European lust of dominion, they seek to involve
us in a foreign war, and thus secure the disrup-
tion of the Union. They have inaugurated a reifrii
of terror over the Union-loving citizens of the
South. They have driven them from their homes,
and have confiscated their lands and chattels and
all properties. They have declared all residents of
the loyal States aliens, and have sequestered their
property as such. In violation of common hon-
esty they have repudiated their private debts.
They have introduced anarchy, misrule, violence,
and bloody war within theUmon,and made pop-
ular government a jeer and a byword in the mouth
of the stranger. As deadly enemies they beleaguer
the capital. We legislate within sound of their
cannon, and the honored seat which you occupy,
Mr. Chairman, is barely beyond their rifle shot.
The young men whom the nation has intrusted
to our keeping lie in graves dug by an enemy's
hands. The west wind is yet tainted with the
blood of the battle-field. The Potomac is closed
by the leaguers, and three hundred thousand lives
are now the rampart between our homes and the
myrmidons of slavery.
In this state of affairs I feel released from all
past obligations, and am free to regard slavery as
the cancerous spot on the vitals of the body-pol-
itic—to be treated with knife and cautery, actual
and potential. " For if we meet this dreadful and
portentiousevil with poor common-place proceed-
ings, with trivial maxit)is and paltry old saws,
with doubts, fears, and misgivings, down we go^
to the bottom of the abyss, and nothing .".hort of
Omnipotence can save us." Yet, su, gentlemen on
the Deiuonutie side of the House and the pro-
siaveiy aide of tins qitrallon, ni.sist, on this floor,
in State Legislatives, m pubhe discussion, through
the press, by correspondence, and in conversa-
tion, at ail tunes, in all places, m season and out
of season, muniments and views of policy as ex-
pressed in the following preamble to resolutions
of the Legislature of iMaryland, adopted January
2,1861:
" The General Assembly of Maryland have seen with con-
cern cerluin Indication-* at the m'sit ot the Geuciul Govern-
ment of an mteifeieiiee with the institution of -hivciy m
the sUvuhohhna; States, and cannot hesitate to expie^s
iheh nenliUK'iiis and those of the people they lepiVM-nt in
regard to*n pohc> mnviM* and mischievous. This warn
prosecuted by the nation with but one object, that, namely,
of a je-toialfou ot the Pinou just as it was when Hie icb'-l-
Iton b!olv« oui. Tiie rebellion-States are to he brought
back to their places in the Union without change or dun-_
inution of their eonMiHHionnl rights. In the language of
the le-oiution adopted In both Houses of Congre^ ut IN
extra se Mnn m Inlv h\-.t with iem.it knble nnanunitv, this
war is deci.ned to be pio-.eeiiU'd not 'in a \ '•piutot op-
ptevNion, oi toi anv pmpose of conquest or subjugation, or
puiposeoi oveiihrow oi inteifcnng with the lmlit-oi
e*tah!i-hed instjttitions <>t tho-e Slates, but to defend and
inamt un tiie snpiernacy of the Con-i itution. and to pioei ve
the Union, with all the «li;rmr\, equalit\, and lights ot the
seveial rftates unimpaned; and that <is soon as these objects
are accomplished tlu; wai ought to cease.'"
Can this be? Isit,in the nature of things, pos-
sible? In my opinion, clearly and emphatically,
no. Which parly, red-handed from the war, with
the triumph upon the one hand and the bitterness
of defeat lankhng m the hearts of the other, will
ever consent to return again to the hollow shams,
tricks, deceptions, and compromises which hove
ultimated in this unholy war.
Will the northern working man again perm it the
southern slaveholder and the Breckinridge Demo-
crat to strike hands in conspiracy against his rights?
Will the southern slaveholder again trust the
northern Democrat who betrayed him into his pres-
ent deadly perils by promises of northern aid to
put down any attempt at coercion, illustrated by
the following precious morsel, cut from a South
Carolina paper? ^
Bellefonte. Pa., Nov. 24, I860.
Dear Sir: I understand that Colonel James S. J*ri«hin,
of this place, has offered his services, with &«me <♦ five hun-
dred Wide-Awake?," to Governor Letcher, for the purpose
of forcing the people of Vugtuia into measures, should they
secede. I have expected this, and I now offenny set vices,
with " one thousand men." who can be organized within
ten days, to repel any attack that may be made by those
men, or any other force Irom the northern States.
I have been through the neighboring counties, and the
youn? men of the Democratic party are anxious for them to
make the first move. If they do so, I pledge you my word
of honor as a gentleman and a soldier, they will never have
to leave then own State to find an enemy.
If you accept my offer, you will please let me near irom
you.
I am, truly, ^  
Hon. IIenry A.Wise, Richmond, Vet.
Will the northern Democrat ever trust the south-
ern slaveholder who so ruthlessly broke up the
party, and handed them over to the tender mercies
of the Black Republican ? The Democratic party
was founded to defend the rights of man against
the pretensions of property; and on this it grew
into power.
Will the democratic masses of the North con-
sent to a reconstruction on the basis of the right
of capital to own labor, or will they uphold a
party existing exclusively as the defender and
glorifier of the right of piopeity in negroes?
How long will it be before the merchant and
manufacturer or the farmer of the North can again
give credit to those chivalrie slaveholders who
have repudiated their obligations, and cheated
their creditors of unknown millions? When again
will the northern mechanic expose himself to the
dangers of a residence in a slaveholdntg commu-
nity? When, and how, can these wounds be
healed? Do the advocates of slavery mean, by
the restoration of the old order of things, that
Twiggs shall return upon the Army Register as
brigadier general United States Army? It so, is
he to outrank the gallant Grant5 Shall Mason
again scowl tn the Senate, and crack his whip over
the representatives of the North; with Floyd,
that thief, sneaking and mousing through every
department of the Government for opportunity
to betray it, professing obedience to us behests
with his lips, while plotting us destruction—in
a word, do they mean, with this expenditure ot
blood and treasure, simply to restoie lost power
to the leadens of a pro-slavery Democracy.''
Sir, 1 have a higher hope. I believe that when
we emerge from this war—decirjiated and impov-
erished though we may be—freedom will have a
higher sigmiication, and liberty will not be a word
without meaning. From this time and forever you
will ask in vain of the noithern man to submit
to the contemptuous pretensions of the imperious
southerner to acknowledge the loidly lulc of an
aristocracy, based on the oicticrship of a slave,
whose title-deed of nobility is dated from some
noisome slave-pen, and attested by the sign-manual
of the slave trader. No, sir, it cannot be; no pos-
sible consequences of this war can reconcile the
people to return to the wallow of the past; they
will never consent to allow slavery again to be-
come a controlling power in the Government. Let
us be honest with each oi her, and speak the thought
that is in our hearts. Then, if gentlemen from
Kentucky, Virginia, Mary lend, or Missouri, find
it harder than they can bear; if they regard slavery
as higher and holier than freedom; if they hold
theiiMighN to this property as more sacred than
. country; if they can offer on the altar of the Union
; life, fortune, and sacted honor, reserving slavery
i as beyond and above all these; then let them turn
i the bitterness of their hearts and the phials of
I their wrath against the bad men, who, urged by
i a worse system, luvve precipitated this conflict be-
j tweeu freedom and slavery—and not against us,
I who but accept a stern necessity. Let us say to
; them, the opportunity to strike at this great evil
| of slavery, which our fathers longed and prayed
' for, is at length granted to the children; and we
| must not forego it, or God may*abandon us.
| Once, to every man and nation, comes the moment to
i decide, " , .
i In the stnte of tmth with falsehood, for the good or evil
Some eat cau^e. God's new jMessiaii, ofFeiing each the
bloom oi b!f_rtit, , .
f'art^ the goat- upon the left hand and the sheep upon the
AiHUhtfehoice goes by forever 'twixt that darkness and
that light."
Let them know plainly and honestly that, as we
have in the past been true to the compromises of
the Constitution in favor of slavery, we now feel
ourselves absolved therefrom by the acts of the.
slaveholder.
And now that we are forced into alife and death
struggle with this ugly fiend, and been drawn into
the final contest with these traitors to the glorious
heritage of the Revolution, we do regard the
armed champions of slavery as foes to God and
humanity, who must abide the fearful retribution
of their crimes against both. They have whetted
a sword against their own peace, and we must use
it to their overthrow, and aiaj's salvation; they
have staked their lives against our lives, and we
meet them with our lives m our hands; they have
prepared a destruction against us, and we must
return it upon them; they gloried in the belief that
every northern man's hand would be on his neigh-
bor's throat through their machinations. So they
must not wimper and cry if we arm such hands
in the South as may rise to strike for the Union and
freedom. Nor do they who are in the field against
us complain of anything which we may propose
to do. As men, they accept the brunt of the bat-
tle, the losses and privations of the war, the 1 isles
of insurrections, or our forced emancipation of
their slaves. They accept all the danger and the
death consequent on their course; and, so far as
I have heard, laugh our threat to scorn, and defy
us to do our best or worst.
Yet gentlemen on the other side of the House
would have us believe, should we dare to touch
this " sacred property," the inevitable result will
be the disbandment of our armies, and the with-
drawal of the Democratic element of our country
from the contest. Day by day we are gravely
told that any departure from the original issues
involved in the controversy arc to lead to these
direful results. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Wright] has clearly shown his lack of
faith in the conscience, virtue, and intelligence of
our people, by declaring that to do justice to the
laborers of the South, that to recognize the truth
that " lie who delves the soil has a just claim to
its fruits," that to act up to the Gospel maxim " the
laborer is worthy of his hire," that to pay a fair
day's wages for a fair day's work to these dark
childien of toil, is to scatter this grand army of
working men; that to inscribe freedom on the ban-
ner consecrated to freedom is to disband an army of
freemen; that to institute the marriage relation,
(impossiblein slavery,) to teach these tour millions
of" illiterate and half barbarous people" the hon-
ored names of husband and wife, parentandchild,
is to cause the hundreds of thousands of loyal,
loving husbands, noble fathers, and heroic sons
to forget their oaths of service, and to throw down
their arms jn the face of insolent rebellion; trail
the stars and stripes before the rattlesnake emblem
of South Carolina; to allow their country to per-
ish, and themselves to become the scorn ot true
womanhood the world over. Or, if we reach from
our high estate of freedom and intelligence, and
take these wronged men in our strong light hand,
and teach them that they are men, or ghe them
homes in this world, and a hope of life immortal
m the next, then the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia ventures to say that the army of one hundred
thousand men which Pennsylvania has put ill the
field would become less formidable " than the
contemptible company of men that Falstaff was
ashamed to march through Coventry to the battle
of Shrewsbury." Or the gentleman from New
York, conjuring up the horrible phantom with
which so many children and southern statesmen
have been frighted at, says: ^
" It is my firm belief that if abolitionism should rule the
d ly tin  war would become one ot extei imitation and death
all over the country. That 'the blackiics of daikness'
would overshadow the lard, and the sun ot liberty go down
in blood, thereby eummu&hnm the hopes of fieemen tor a
republican Government, and obliterating all leasonable
pounds for expecting the permanent sovereignty of the
people.''
Now, Mr. C'naiiman, 1, for one, do not believe
any such thing. 1 have lived close to the people
of my country, and I believe that the great Amer-
ican people, Democrat and Republican, " love free-
dom moie than slavery, free institutions more than
slave institutions, the old stairy flag always and
forever above thn broad-striped rag that now in-
sults the manhood and brings the blush of sliame
to the womanhood of the nation." Then- logic is
short and terribly direct: "'Slavery is at war with
