3028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
time of peace. With what reason, then, can you
ask any State to constract a naval channel for
ships of war, when you expressly prohibit the
States from keeping the ship*i themseIves? My
State has already expended #43,575,000 in pro-
viding these very channels, which she happened
to need for purposes of commerce. Her present
locks are now large enough for any existing re-
quirements of her local commerce. 1 he enlarge-
ment of the locks proposed by this bill is now
needed only by the General Government to enable
it to discharge its solemn obligation to secure the
public safety. New York, by her legislative act
of April 22,1862, duly transmitted to the Presi-
dent, places her §43,575,000 of property at the
disposal of the General Government, free from toll
or charge. Cannot the Government afford to ex-
pend the slender pittance of $3,500,000 needed to
preserve the national commerce, the national safe-
ty, and national honor; or will you leave her
wholly defenseless, with liercitizensand commu-
nities under the menaces of a Power ready at any
moment to precipitate her hostile squadrons into
the lakes ? , ,.
Sir, I maintain that such a neglect ofduty would
be neither just nor generous towards the Slate.
She has a right to remind the General Govern-
ment that when she entered the Union she sur-
rendered all claim to foreigi^gimposts, which her
geographical position made peculiarly her own.
Sh® then gave up the very resources which would
have enabled her fully to discharge the duty of de-
fending herself; and she may now rightfully ask
that you expend this very slender percentage of
S3,500,000 in protecting ft om foreign invasion,not
only her citizens and property, but those of a long
line ofioyal States now seated around the lakes.
New York sincerely cherishes and will over
cherish these great internal communities. Their
interests are identical with her own, and she asks
quite as much for them as for herself. It is not
for herself alone that she seeks protection, but for
that grand division of the American Republic ly-
ing beyond her western limits. In this feeling of
true nationality she rejoices to perceive that she
has the sympathy of enlightened New England.
In proof of this 1 need only adduce the, evidence
furnished by a letter, which I hold in my hand,
from Governor Andrew, the chief magistrate of
patriotic Massachusetts. Governor Andrew, in
a patriotic letter, which does equal honor to his
head and to hift heart, speaks to the West and to
the nation, as follows:
Boston, Jimc'W,
MyDkau Sir: J ilml it utterly outoi inypoworto^'omo
wty half hour in which to write you an iiUcilt^nr woiU in
reioreneu io tin' very hnpminut and weighty muttei ot your
Memorial, concerning the udiiptatlou of the cunnl* of New
V'orlc and Illinois to tin1 defense ol'iiic lakon. Nor, indeed,
Khali i ChkI opportunity mull I nwh lionif, which f hopu to
d« to morrow night. But I need not assure you that you
have my sincere Rood wMic* and entlio yinpcifliy. I wish
my humbl'* power could give yon any valuable cooperation.
Kven il the aiguincm on ilio l.u'ts \v< re lar lo-<s convincing
tiiHii it j«, I would piomotc this meiwure, as an earnest of
our um-miquernhlo will to livu and thrive as a continental,
Independent, and beneficent i'owui j on tUe one hand, plant-
ing the weeds of u richer and greater life, both moral and
material, even In the, midst of war; and on tin; other hand,
v ltd an cftrnCHiof the cordial confideneeandralthlui t \w en-
tertained by the l enrl mid brain of New Hugland in our
brethren of the impetlal West.
To refuse uught, wlueU,unUin by artsfieial conveniences
nf commercial or military eoiniminleauon the Wej-t and
Bast, srjfvlnff j J«jo io bind our In-aitsnnd mold our interests
in more intimate union, would be nanow, even to selfi-h-
ueta, and HCiiteiiuess ih atways nairow and always blind.
VVhatevct makes man happy* prosperous, hopeful, .uid I roe,
is a billing to us all. Spend whatever you wisely may tor
th« development of the West, the industry, patience, and
skill of the. New England people will Know how to joap
their share of the benefits of the expenditure.
I am, with great respect and regard, your faithful and
obedient servant, JOHN A. ANDKEW.
SAMUEL D. RUGOLES, Estj.
I have said, sir, that New York does not n^od
the enlargement of these locks for any local pur-
pose of her own, however much she needs tlicm
as part of one great undivided nation. I repeat,
her local commerce does not need them, and
falo. Sir, I am not pleading for the safety of the
scanty cargoes of New York, for they are all safe
within her borders; but I do plead for protection
for this enormous mass of vegetable wealth ol our
sister States, necessarily exposed on their wide-
spread waters to maritime assault and devastation;
whose road to market lies through these waters
menaced by a foreign Power.
Have the members of this House any adequate
idea, not merely of the value but of the actual
mass of the property thus exposed to capture ?
Let them turn to the statistics of the New York
memorial, and compute from that the linear extent
of 20,363,000 barrels at two feet to the barrel, and
then tell me how much it falls short of seven thou-
sand seven hundred miles. Does nottheNew Yoik
memorial truly state that it would span the Amer-
ican continent from New York to San Francisco,
with a remnant nearly long enough to cross the
Pacific? By the time gentlemen have completed
this calculation, they will begin to comprehend
the extent of the American fleets which carry these
enormous cargoes. They will then begin to feel
the transcendent necessity of protecting not only
the thousands of seamen who navigate these wa-
ters, but of preventing the vessels themselves from
being carried down to the sea as prizes of war
through the canals of Canada, now opened wide
to receive them.
Mr. Speaker, the American Union cannot af-
ford to lose these cargoes or to expose them to any
needless hazard whatever, for 1 affirm, and now
challenge any member of this House to deny the
statement, that these very cargoes now furnish al-
most exclusively the means for foreign export, by
which alone we purchase the duty-paying imports
from which the national Treasury derives its rev-
enue.
Again,sir, I invoke the unquestionable evidence
of our official statistical tables, and the proof they
so strikingly furnish, that our exports of bread-
stuffs and provisions during the last year of com-
merce and navigation have been $93,969,000, white
the exports of cotton during the same year were
but $34,510,000 1 freely admit—nay more, con-
fidently expect—that the time will come, sooner
or Inter, when we shall recover a portion, at least,
of our former exports of cotton; but until that
time arrives, on the food of the lakes you must
rely to yield the revenues which alone can pay
the expenses of the Government.
I beg gentlemen to reflect thatevery $10,000,000
of increase in our exports, purchasing an equiv-
alent amount of duty-paying imports, will yield,
oven at the low tariff of twenty-five per cent.,
$2,500,000, a sum exceeding the annual interest of
lie«r $42,000,000 of expenditure. Cannot the Uni-
ted Suites at least afford to expend the $3,500,000,
which, by cheapening transportation of these great
products of the West, will immediately and inev-
itably cause this very increase? It is no answer
to say that wo are in the midst of war of an ex-
hausting character; for I deny, sir, that our re-
sources are exhausted. My own State has poured
I out more than a hundred thousand men and a hun-
dred millions of money, but she is not exhausted.
I She is ready and willing to double the amount if
you require it. She asks you only to discharge
your constitutional duty to provide for the com-
mon defense of herself and her numerous sister
States not less loyal and patiiotic than herself, and
alike entitled to protection. You are now fully
apprized of their danger. It is not only brought
distinctly before you, but as if to stimulate our
lagging, it is haughtily proclaimed by the British
press. The country and the world are looking on,
and expect us to discharge our duty, and our whole
duty, with a due regard for the presentand ajust
comprehension of the future.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to sub-
mit some considerations specially upon the polit-
ical bearings of the bill under consideration, and
particularly of the amendment proposed by the
committee relative to the canals of New York in
I refer to the triumphant demonstration afforded
by the statistics now on your table, proving that
of the total commerce of these canals the local por-
tion furnished by the Stale of New York is but one
in thirteen. Yes, sir, of the 14,-154,000 barrels ot
flour, wheat, and corn transported on her canals
during the last season, only 955,000—less than
1,000,000—came from her borders. The immense
residue of J3,498,000 was pouted into this great
national channel by the States lying west of Buf-
its connection with the unity of the Republic, our
geographical location, territorial extent, .conti-
nental position, and international relations.
We who have known only the benefits arising
from the adoption of the Federal Constitution
i euhze little of the difficulties, opposition, and jeal-
ousies among which it was established. Had the
sentiments of nationality which now pervade the
country been then anticipated, the jealousy of
State pride would have defeated it altogether. Had
it then existed, the triumph of its adoption would
have been an easy one. It was through a feartut
struggle and by a happy combination of temporary
influences that the Constitution was adopted at all,
and there has been no time during the past halt
century when the same States could haye been or-
ganized under the same Federal Government. Such
an organization could not be accomplished now,
ab initio, even by the States still loyal. Strangers
to our political system are fast learning that this
seeming elementof weakness is seeming only, and
that from the consciousness of the danger of at-
tempting reconstruction the impulse to preser-
vation becomes irresistible. Conflicting as were
opinions respecting even Federal unity, no devej
oped purpose of giving birth to a nation of conti-
nental proportions then existed, none such, was
incorporated into the Constitution. They were
content with the express provisions for national
expansion, through the incorporation ot the ex-
isting Territories into future States, contained in
the written instrument, though thereby the nation,
when fully grown, should be flanked by the Mis-
sissippi, and though the Florida Keys, the mouths
of the Mississippi, and the whole Pacific coast
should be the inheritance of strangers. _
Since that day a new and dominant principle
has grown up out of our political life, that ot con-
tinental national unity, of which the acquisition
of Louisiana, Florida, Texas,and California, and
the promulgation of the Monroe doctrine were, m
their order, but successive stages of development,
of which the magnificent army now in the field
is the ripening fruit. This principle, feeble, if
existing at all m the minds of those who founded
our Government, is to-day the motive power on
which depends its preservation. It forms the prin-
cipal element in the great current of national feel-
ing which uplifts and bears onward the enthu-
siastic tide of patriotism before which debt and
death are nothing in comparison with national dis-
solution. It is no blind adoption of a belief in a
manifest destiny, it is a proud consciousness of an
accomplished fact. I refer to this national senti-
ment m this connection, and only incidentally,
because while the body of the Constitution re-
mains the same and the purposes of its creation un-
changed, the maintenance of the one and the ac-
complishment of the other may and do come to
depend, from time to time, upon other new and
not inconsistent principles developed by our own
growth and the shifting circumstances of other
nationalities. The ties which bind us to the Con-
stitution, the lofty purposes which we desire it to
subserve, the spirit in which its powers shall be
exercised, may to-day be very different from those
which surrounded its adoption. It would present
a singular fact in history if the most susceptible
people i n the world, with the most susceptible form
of Government, had quadrupled its territorial pos-
sessions, trebled the number of its States, doubled
its population with every generation in geomet-
rical progression, made a progress unexampled
among nations in material, moral, and educational
enterprise, harnessed steam to its industry and
lightning to its thought, and yet had awakened
no new ambition and stamped no new ideas into
the spirit of its Government, however unchanged
it might remain in form. The difficulties that en-
viron our national pathway attest that such is not
the fact. They spring from no difference of opin-
ion as to form of government, but from radical dif-
ferences as to underlying principles and interests
which have been evolved, strengthened, and an-
tagonized with the vigorous growth of our seventy
years of national life, and the alternate triumph of
which, in the administration of the country, is for
the time being equivalent to an adoption of them
into the fundamental law.
Whatever v iolence may have been inflicted upon
the letter of the law by the successive acquisitions
of foreign territory withoutexpress constitutional
power has been more than compensated by the
new sentiments of nationality which will hold the
Florida Keys, the Delta of the Mississippi, and
the Golden Gates of the Pacific with the same
tenacity as the Atlantic coast and the harbor of
New York. Florida was purchased not for her
swamps inhabitants, or slaves, but because her
coasts commanded the Gulf and Gulf stream, and
were necessary to protect the common commerce
of the Union; and whatever becomes of her
swamps, negroes, and traitors, her coasts will be
held far thaj.common purpose. The existence
