2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
The General Government has accepted those
acts of cession with those provisoes annexed, and
the contract has thereby become complete, and
the States are entitled to their rights under such
contracts. It is no answer to this argument to
say that the third section of the fourth article of
the Constitution provides that—
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
Or that section eight of article one provides
that—
"Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legis-
lation, in all cases whatsoever, over such district (not ex-
ceeding ten miles squaie) as may by cession of particular
States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of
Government of the United States, and to exercise like au-
thority over all places purchased by the consent of the Le-
gislature of the State in which the same'shall be, lor the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings."
The power still exists. The power was not
contravened or destroyed by the contract made
with the State in accepting the ceded territory—the
contract only binds the Government not to exer-
cise that power to the detriment of the State by
doing; such acts as may tend to affect the relation
of master and slave.
Sir, there ought to be cherished among us a
spirit of justice and good faith. Without it na-
tions and States, like individuals, are not worthy
to be trusted. I remember, sir, with how much
admiration I read many years ago an able and
eloquent speech delivered in the other end of this
Capitol by one of the most intellectual, pure, and
patriotic statesmen who ever graced our Halls
of legislation—a cherished and honored, now la-
mented, son of my own State. The peroration of
that brilliant effort I never shall forget. In it he
made this beautiful and touching allusion:
" Above the poitico of the eastern front of this Capitol
the aitist has chiseled in bold relief the embodiment of a
sentiment which we should never fall to cherish with the
mo«?t sacred and scinpulous regard. Hope theic repre-
sented as anxiously inquiring of the genius of Liberty how
the Union and the Constitution may best be preserved.
Liberty points to Justice for the answer."
Sir, I believe that in these troublous times of
difficulty and sorrow in which wo are called upon
to legislate for the restoration of peace and pros-
perity to our now divided and distracted country,
we would do well if, on cach returning morning
when we repair to these Halls, wc should look
up to that silent but instructive group and reim-
press upon our minds the wholesome and beau-
tiful lesson which it teaches.
Mr. Speaker, I am sure there is no man in this
House who can possibly desire more than I do to
see our country i id of the great curse of shivery. No
man is more profoundly penetrated with the con-
viction that it would have been far better for the
harmony of our Union, as well as for the welfare
and prosperity of the States, if slavery had never
been known among us. It is hardly necessary at
this day to discuss these points. The terrible and
exhausting civil war in which we arc now en-
gaged will tell to future generations the sorrowful
story of the elFoct of the institution upon the peace
and Jiaimony of our Union. Sad and satisfactory
proof may also be found in the debates even of
the Continental Congress, which declared the in-
dependence of the United Colonies, that the groat
and almost the only trouble the patriots of that
immortal body had to meet was just such an one
as we, their descendants, are engaged in discus-
sing here from day to day. The ink with which
the Declaration of Independence was written had
scarcely dried, when, upon the question as to how
the taxes necessary to maintain itshould be levied,
the subject of slavei y came up to trouble and dis-
tract the national councils. It stood with defiant
boldness upon the very threshold of the hall m
which was debated and adopted the old Articles of
Confederation, in 1783; and again in 3787, when
the framers of our present form of Government,
intended for a more perfect Union of the States,
assembled at Annapolis, its ghastly form again
stalked in to disturb and distract the deliberations
of those good and great men; and from that day
to the present, this evil genius of our destiny has
from time to time returned to embarrass and im-
pede our onward progress in power and to posi-
tion among the nations of the earth, until now it
lias culminated in the production, in the freest and
best Government the world everknew, ofthe most
gigantic, causeless, and wicked rebellion of which
history furnishes arty record.
And if evidence were desired, Mr. Speaker, to
persuade the most skeptical that slavery has .in-
terfered with the welfare and thrift and improve-
ment of those States where it exists, a trip down
the Ohio, or through my own little State, would
supply abundant proof upon this point. The
contrast between the right and left banks of the
beautiful river has long since attracted the atten-
tion of the impartial traveler, speakingvolumes in
favor of freedom and in condemnation of slavery.
The most northern of the three counties which
compose the State of Delaware, in which slavery
is scarcely nominal, where there is but one slave
for two hundred freemen, is, in manufactures,
arts, and agriculture, scarcely second to the most
flourishing county in the Union. Containingonly
about one fifth of the area of the State, it is nearly
equal to both the others in population, greatly
superior to either in agricultural products, and far
exceeds both in the aggregate of industrial wealth.
I believe, too, sir, that there are few men at the
present day in Christendom who will undertake
to defend the institution of slavery upon the ab-
stract principles of right and justice. I know that
of late years there has grown up a class of men,
some of them men of professed piety, too, who
pretend to believe that slavery is a divine institu-
tion, recognized by the teachings of the word of
God; but that they really do not believe what they
profess, is evident from the fact that they,almost
without exception, condemn the African slave
trade as cruel, unjust, and unholy to the last de-
gree; but, arguing upon principle, it is hard to
conceive how it can be more consonant with jus-
tice or humanity that 1 should hold in life-long
bondage one who is born upon the soil of my own
country, speaking the same language, and wor-
shiping at the same Christian altar with myself,
than it is to enslave the wild and untutored sav-
age who has nothing in common with me save his
mere manhood. It be right to hold the former,
it will puzzle the keenest casuist, I think, to prove
upon mere abstract Christian principles that the
latter can be wrong. So thought the founder of
that great Christian denomination called Metho-
dists when he declared that " slavery was the sum
of human villanies." So thought the immortal
author of our Declaration of Independence when
he proposed to insert in ita protestagainstthe Brit-
ish king for his participation in the unholy traffic;
and so he continued to think when, in after life,
he exclaimed while speaking of the subject of sla-
very, " 1 tremble for my country when I remem-
ber that God is just."
And now, sir, having expressed my views thus
frankly upon the general subject of slavery, I
think 1 may, with some show of friendship and
kind feeling to the majority on this floor, in con-
clusion again appeal to them to let this cup pass
from our hps. We have done nobly, we have
done much m behalf of liberty and humanity at
this session of Congress. What is now proposed
can, I believe, add nothing of practical worth to
what we have already achieved. Letus then here
call a halt and take our bearings. This bill will
not spoil by the keeping, and doubtless we shall
be better prepared to act upon it at the next ses-
sion of Congress. It may produce great harm if,
imperfect as it is, we pass it now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit the bill, and now modify the substitute
which I offered by making it read as follows:
To the end that freedom may be and remain forever the
fundamental law of the land in all places whatsoever, so
far as it lies within the powers or depends upon the action
of the Government ofthe United States to make it &o:
Therefoie,
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jlmcnca in Congress assembled, That
slavery or involuntary servitude, in all ea^es whatsoever,
(other that in the punishment of'crime, whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted) shall henceforth cease,
and be prohibited forevei in all the Ten i tones ofthe United
State*, now existing, or hereafter to befoimed or acquired
in any way.
On that I move the previous question.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The bill as modified, is
it not precisely a bill which the House has al-
ready passed on another occasion?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to know if they
are not the same.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman modified his
amendment by striking out all except the first sec-
tion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And that first section has
already been passed by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand it so.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Ball}', Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, Geoige H. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Ciislield, Crit-
tenden, Dunlap, English, Gnder, Haight, Hall, Raiding,
Hoiman, Johnson, Keriigan, Knapp, Law, La/.ear, Leary,
Lehman, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Morns, Noell, Odeil,
Perry, John S. Phelps, ltichardson, llobinson, Segar,John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Francis Thomas,'Vibbard,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Wickliffe, and
Woodinff—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, Ashley, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamborlin, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Cutler, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Diven, Duel], Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fcnton, Fessenden, Franehot, Fiank, Goocii,
Gi anger, Hale, Harrison, Hickman, lloopei, Horton,
Ilutchins, Julian, Kellev, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loo-
nns, Lovojoy, MeKmght, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P.
Mornll, Justin S. Morrill, Ohn, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John fl. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Strat-
ton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Wa^hburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White,Wil-
son, Wmdom, and Worcester—81.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered, which was on the substi-
tute.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by striking
out the preamble, and on that I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I would like to amend that by in-
serting the words u to carry out the Chicago plat-
form, and to dissolve the Union.*' That is the
idea.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the amend-
ment striking out the preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The picvious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akhich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley. Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
uel S. BJaii, Blake, Biillinton, Campbell, Chambeilm,
Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkhng,
Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edg-
eiton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Franehot,
Fiank, Gooch, Gianger, Hale, Ilairi^on, Hickman, Hooper,
Horton, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, William Kellojrg, Lan-
sing, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKmght, McPherson, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Oliu, Pike,
Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edvvaid IL Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Stevens, Stiatton, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Iloin, Veiree, Wall,
\Vallaee, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Wa-hburne,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, Gcoige II. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Cnsfield,
Cnttcnden, Dunlap, English,Grider, Haight, Hall, 11 aiding,
Hoiman, Johnson, Kerrigan. Knapp/ Law, Lazoar, Leary,
Lehman, Malloiy, Maynard, Menzies, Moms, Noell, OdeU,
Perry, John S. Phelps, Richardson, Robinson, Segai, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Fiancis Thomas, Vibbard,
Vooihee*;, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Wickliffe, and
Woodruff—50.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that his colleague,
Mr. Patton, had been called home by indispo-
sition in his family.
Mr. SARGENT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Piielps, had been* called away by illness in his
family.
Mr. GURLEY stated that he was paired off on
this bill with Mr. Norton.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
