1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2069
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I move to amend the title by
striking it out, and inserting in lieu thereof as
follows: " An actto securefreedom to all persons
within the Territories of the United States."
Upon the title I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. Is it in order for me to move an
amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER, [t is not at this time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
On motiffn of Mr. POTTER, by unanimous
consent, House bill (No. 125) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, and
to provide a bounty to soldiers in lieu of grants
of the public lands, with the Senate's amendments
thereto, was taken from the Speaker's table, the
amendments of the Senate non-concurred in, a
committee of conference asked, and Messrs. Pot-
ter, Aldrich, and Webster appointed as such
committee on the part of the House.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, leave
of absence was granted to Mr. Whaley for ten
days to visit his family.
BOUNTY TO WIDOWS AND HEIRS OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for the purpose of taking up and
considering House bill No. 413. Before the ques-
tion is put on that motion, however, I move that
all general debate on the bill be closed in one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to go
into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Walton, of Ver-
mont in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 413) making an ap-
propriation for the payment of the bounty to wid-
ows and legal heirs of volunteers who have died
or may die, or have been or may be killed in ser-
vice, as provided in the act of July 22, 18G1, the
question pending being on a substitute for the hill
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman, at
this time in our public affairs I earnestly deprecate
all mere partisan contests. They are unworthy of
us now in the midst of the struggles of a great
people for national life. Surely, when the issues
ofhfeor death are imminentand impending in the
deadly strife of battle, and when the existence of
free institutions among men depends upon the
events of a day of blood, it is fit that the Repre-
sentatives of the people should comprehend the
solemn dignity of the events by which God's prov-
idence has surrounded them. At such a time how
mean, how vulgar, how intensely low are the
tricks, the jugglery, and thegrimaccs of the politi-
cal ring-master, exhibited within, orsent out from
the Halls of the American Congress. What an
appetite that must be which goes down now from
the sublime mountains of responsibility and op-
portunity for our country's deliverance, to mat-
ten on the moor and feed upon the garbage of
effete partisanship. This bad taste has a general
application now to all parties. I apply it to indi-
viduals of neither.
But, sir, if this were a mere matter of taste,
there should be no dispute. But, sir, it is not.
Recently, distinguished members of this House
have chosen to arraign before this country and the
world the present Executive of this nation in lan-
guage which is calculated, I would fain hope not
intended, to destroy the power of that Executive
for the deliverance of the nation from this unnat-
ural and causeless rebellion. Thiscannotbe over-
looked by the friends of the Government. Among
other grave charges contained in that address is
one which alleges that" the history of the Admin-
istration for the twelve months past has been, and
continues to be, a history of repeated usurpations
of power and of violations of the Constitution,
and of the public and private rights of the citizen."
This address also alleges that "for sixty years from
the inauguration of Jefferson, on the 4th of March,
1801, the Democratic party, with short intervals,
controlled the power and the policy of the Federal
Government;" and itaversthatduringall this time
"public liberty was secure, private rights undis-
turbed; every man's house was his castle; the
courts were open to all; no passports for travel,
no secret police, no spies, no informers, no bas-
tiles; the right to assemble peaceably; the right to
petition; freedom of religion, freedom of speech,
a free ballot, and a free press; and all this time the
Constitution maintained and the Union of the
States preserved." This address, moreover, avers
that the " first step towards a restoration of the
Union as it was is to maintain the Constitution as
it is;" and that " neither the ancient principles,
the policy, nor the past history of the Democratic
party require nor would justify its disbandment.
Is there anything in the present crisis which de-
mands it? The more immediate issue is, to main-
tain the Constitution as it is, and to restore the
Union as it was;" and afterwards declares, in al-
luding to certain proceedings to save the Union in
the Thiity-Sixth Congress, that " at every stage,
the great mass of the South, with the whole Dem-
ocratic party, and the whole Constitutional Union
party, of the North and West, united in favor of
certain amendments to the Constitution—and chief
among them the well-known " Crittenden propo-
sitions," which would have averted civil war and
maintained the Union. At every stage, all pro-
posed amendments inconsistent with the sectional
doctrines of the Chicago platform were strenu-
ously and unanimously resisted and defeated by
the Republican party."
Now, Mr Chairman, I have neither taste, in-
clination, or heart to analyze or discuss the logic
or truth of this remarkable paper. I allude to it
for no such purpose. An allusion to a single fea-
ture will sufficiently indicate, to the intelligent
American people to whom it is addressed, its mas-
terly logic; and an allusion to another its char-
acter for veracity. It assures us first that the Re-
publican party destroyed the Union by adhering
to the Constitution " as it is,"and by refusing to
alter it; and second, that that Union is now to be re-
stored by doing the very thing which destroyed it,
to wit, by " maintaining the Constitution as it is /"
And this logic is so admirable, in the judgment of
its authors, that it is honored and illuminated, in
the address, by being set up in magnificent capi-
tals ! This is enough for the logic. Now for the
truth. Notice again the already cited extract, sol-
emnly averring'to this nation that during the en-
tire sixty years of Democratic rule, from 1801 and
down to Mr. Lincoln's administration and includ-
ing Mr. Buchanan's, " publicliberty was secure,
private rights undisturbed, every man's house his
castle, the courts open to all, no passports for
travel, no secret police, no spies, no informers, no
bastiles, the right to assemble peaceably, the right
to petition, freedom of religion, free speech, afree
ballot-box, a free press, and all this time the Con-
stitution maintained and the Union ot the States
preserved."
Now, glance at the results of sixty years'of
i Democratic compromise with slave rule. Look
at that century plant, so tenderly tended and wa-
tered for these sixty yeais of Democratic culture,
which at last bloomed justas the sun went down
on its golden age. Ay,'sir. to use the language of
this address, look atthe choice fruits of Demo-
! cratic principles and policy, carried out through
I the whole period during which the Democratic
! party held the power and administered the Fed-
■ eral Government," and which the nation plucked,
j full ripe, from the hands of the last Democratic
I AdministidUon, about every officer of which was
' of that pat ty.
Sir, the Treasury had been literally robbed by
its custodian. The vessels of the Navy, with, I be-
lieve, the solitary exception of two ships- the
Brooklyn and the" Relief—were either dismantled
or sent to foreign seas as a preparation for the in-
ception of the rebellion. The arms of the Gov-
ernmenthad been dispatched to southern aisenals
and depots to arm theimpendingrevolt. Senators
were openly engaged in the Senate,and ministers
in the offices ofState in maturing and consummat-
ing the overthrow of the Constitution. The Presi-
dent had, in obedience to the demand of these con-
spirators, so modified his message to Congress as
to virtually license the rebellion, as a thing Which,
though unlawful, the Government had ho power
to arrest. Senators on the floor of their Chamber
had boasted that these Halls should soon be the
" dwelling place of the owls and the bats." Others
had, in the same Halls, boasted that the trees
of Texas were then ornamented with the bodies
of murdered citizens, hung for opinion's sake.
Armies of murderers, assassins, and traitors*pos-
sessed the capital, and hedged up all the approaches
to it, so that the incoming Executive could only
reach his seat at peril of life. Other armies were
rapidly concentrating and rushing to the seat of
Government, sworn to the total destruction and
overthrow of the Government and all its constitu-
tional ministers and officers. Every southern fort
and arsenal and navy-yard and mint a'nd custom-
house and revenue ship had been either seized and
wrested from the Government by the hand of the
very leaders of that southern Democracy, or were
in imminentperil of being so seized and destroyed.
One half of the officers of the Army and Navy had
taken perjury upon their consciences and the sin
of Iscariot into their souls, by betraying and tak-
ing arms against the Government which fed them.
The feeble bands garrisoning our forts were men-
aced with death and starvation by these same con-
spirators. About one third the States had avow-
edly withdrawn from the Union, and some others
were about to depart. The courts of the United
States were closed in every one of these States
by violence or by the treason of the judges and
marshals. Two hundred millions o'f indebted-
ness to northern citizens, contracted in a large
part for the very purpose of being repudiated,
was in fact totally repudiated in these seceded
States, and all courts, agencies, and modes of col-
lection were closcd or destroyed. The Constitu-
tion of the Government was avowedly and practi-
cally superseded and annulled by anoiher adopted
by the conspirators; and that in total neglect or
express violation of the votes of the people. The
voice of the people against the treason was stifled
by the use of arms stolen from the Government,
and used to compel submission at the ballot-box.
Tens of thousands of the loyal citizens of the
South were stripped of all their estates and ban-
ished from their homes forever, for no other crime
than of being suspected of loyalty to their beloved
Government. Other thousands whipped, some
with thongs, some with thorns, and some with
wires of steel and iron, upon naked bodies, only
for loving too well the Government of Washing-
ton. Other thousands were muidered sometimes
before the eyes of their own wives and children
for the same offense. Some hung, some impaled,
some drowned, some suffocated by beinginclosed
in barrels, some starved, some shot, and some
roasted alive at the stake; and all this, until not a
single citizen whom murder and violence could de-
stroy or banish was left in all this seceded South
who was loyal to the Constitution. The freedom
of speech and the press for thedefense ofthe Gov-
ernment was totally destroyed and unknown, and
every man who dared to even vindicate these, was
either assassinated or banished from the land,
upon edicts like that of a Democratic candidate
for President—Mason, of Virginia.
Sir, if the sickening details of individual out-
rage were not too enormous m extent, and too
shocking in brutality to admit of particulariza-
tion, the chronicler of this despotism, would put
Nero and Caligula to the blush. It would render
Philip II eminentlyhumane and hospitable, would
record robberies at Wilmington, North Carolina;
the murder of citizens of New Jersey at Charles-
ton; imptisonments, robberies, and, at last, ban-
ishments at Savannah; murders of citizens of New
Orleans, at Abbeville; roasting alive at a tree a
man in Harris county, Geoigia; the murder of
Crawford, and the murder, robbery, or banish-
ment of two hundred others in Tarrant county,
Texas, including three Methodist ministers of the
gospel; the impiisonment of women at Charles-
ton; imprisonment and ultimate banishment of
a citizen of New Hampshire at Charleston; the
scourging almost to death of an aged man and his
son at Enrico Mills, Georgia, and afterwards cruel
