1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
us, and slavery must die." The death knell of
slavery was in the echoes of the first gun atSum-
ter. Slavery pointed that gun, and fired it against
freedom and our flag. Then the sons of freedom
and the lovers of that flag rose en masse as a man;
the men of the North roused to the rescue; in-
stinctively the people sought out their old leaders
and made them do reverence to the old banner of
the Revolution, and the stars and stripes floated
from every house. Demagogues who had cheated
the masses, in fear and trembling at the terrific
outburst of patriotic indignation, ran to and fro
to borrow tlie flag they had laughed at, and their
white lips did unusual reverence to the Union they
had conspired against.
This outburst of patriotism served for a time
to hush the treason that, with blatent threat, prom-
ised to carry Pennsylvania with the southern con-
federacy. The cry went forth that the capital
was endangered, and the ax was dropped in its
cut, the iron in the fire, the shuttle half across the
woof, the plow in the furrow, the day-book left un-
balanced, as the woodman, the smith, and weaver,
the farmer, clerk, and lawyer, the tired son of
toil, the idle child of luxury, the schoolmaster
and his scholar, the learned judge, preachers and
dignitaries, high and low, none too high, none too
low, hurried to respond to the insult and the chal-
lenge. And here we stand to-day, face to face with
the fell spirit that pulled down that flag amid fire
and blood, which drove the brave Anderson and
the gallant and true Doubleday and Foster from
the walls of Sumter. That story revealed to an
astonished world the inherent loyalty of ourpcople
to the spirit of the institutions transmitted from
their fathers. Would it not be well for gentlemen
to take heed in the dangerous game they are play-
ingj hy striving to block the way to victory, in
withholding supplies, in paralyzing the loyal
endeavors of the true-hearted by teaching this
miserable heresy of a conditional loyalty.
But should these teachers of half truths, of half-
way loyalty to our flag and country, aided by pro-
slavery Army officers, succeed in arraying this
Army against such policy as may be deemed ne-
cessary to the salvation of the country—well, what
then'' Will the nation die because these false sons
fail it in its hour of need ? Are the people to be
subdued by a treason not altogether unanticipated?
Shall liberty return to heaven, from whence it
came, and shall free institutions perish on earth
because Democracy still chooses to follow the lead
of the false-hearted Breckinridge? No, sir; chaf-
ing and impatient, fierce and almost bloodthirsty,
stands this nation, looking with damnation on each
doubter, and bitter contempt on eveiy feebleness,
and should our present great preparation fail us
utterly, and our commanders prove incompetent
or disloyal, still would I know that the Lord
liveth, and these United States are to endure.
Mr. B1DDLE obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague yield me
the floor for a few minutes5
Mr. KIDDLE. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I regret to be
constrained to ask from my colleague the favor
which he so gracefully grants; but had I been
permitted tins morning to make a brief statement,
I should not have had occasion to interfere with
my colleague now. I rose then to request this
House to repair, in so far as it could by listening i
to and putting upon its Journal his statement, the j
wrong which, by publishing the report of one of |
its committees, it had done to a friend and constit- \
uent of mine, a gentleman of iutegiity and char- |
acter, one who,from earlylifc to his present age, j
lias risen steadily by the energy and ability with |
which he has managed a large business, the con- !
trol of u daily newspaper, and by the fidelity with
which he has lived up to all his contiacts with
men.
I ask now that the Clerk may read a letter which ;
this gentleman has done me the honor to address |
to me as his Representative. When it shall have ■
been read, I will yield the floor to my colleague, j
to whom I am grateful for his courtesy. It is the !
letter of Colonel Alexander A. Cummmgs, of ;
Philadelphia, drawn from him by the fact that his ,
announcement to the committee that theie was ,
remaining in the hands of Messrs.Dix,Blatehford, j
and Opdyke $140,000 accounted for by vouchers, i
has been given to the public, and commented upon ;
as a statement that ho had in his hands $140,000 !
unaccounted for. 1
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to remind my
' friend from Pennsylvania that no member of the
i committee which he impeaches is present in the
I House.
! Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to aslt ray
jv friend from Pennsylvania a single question. 1
suppose the peison he alludes to is the same Mr.
Cummings whose name I see on the 66th page of
this small primer [laughter] which I hold in my
hand.
Mr. KELLEY. What is the first name of that
Mr. Cummings? f have notthe volume to refer to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Alexander A. Cummings.
Mr. KELLEY. That is the same, sir.  
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I see that he is reported
as having purchased for the use of the Army two
hundred and eighty dozen pints of ale and porter,
so many tierces of codfish, three hundred boxes
of herrings, two hundred boxes of cheese, thirty-
six packages of butter, six barrels of tongues, six-
teen hundred and seventy dozen of straw hats,
twenty-five casks of Scotch ale, price not stated;
ten casks of London porter, price not stated. Is
it to explain away these articles that the paper is
intended to be read ?
Mr. KELLEY. The letter, Mr. Chairman, will
speak for itself; and when, without doing wrong
to a colleague who is obliging me, I shall have an
opportunity to reply to the gentleman, I promise
to do it.
Mr. NOBLE. I move that the reading of the
paper be dispensed with,and that it be published
in the Globe.
Mr.KELLEY. If the House has done a worthy
man injustice, I ask that it shall, at least, hear the
statement of Ins ease.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of order.
How does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Noble]
get the floor? The reading of this paper comes
out of the time of my colleague, who desires to
have it read as part of his argument.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 ask that it be read as part
of my remarks. If preferred by the committee,
I will read it myself.
Mr. NOBLE. I rise to a question of order. I
undeistood clearly that I had the floor, and made
a motion. The vote oil that motion has not been
announced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
committee cannot order a paper to be published,
and therefore the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio cannot be in order.
The Clerk read the paper, as follows:
Hon. Willi a >r D. I\elley,
Member of Cong)Fourth District, Pennsylvania:
A f-eveu* and ptotiacted illue«s, froui winch I have as yet
only pat tiafl.v leeovered, lias prevented me, until now, from
res-ponding to, or in any way noticing, the extraordinary
a>sault upon my diameter ( otifumrd in the report of' what
is known a* the " Van Wyck committee," made to the
House of Representatives on the 17th of December last.
I embrace the earliest momenta of l etui inns? health to meet
and icfutc the unfounded allocations contained in thai re-
pair.
I address \ou because I am your constituent—Ions; and
well known to you—and ncul no farther commendation.
1 a>k \nn, therefoie, upon the first fitting occasion, when
this subject may he before the House, to introduce this
letter, that it may have the same publicity wiih the slander*
that have been uttered against me
To waul- the middle of December, not longnftei Congress
had convened, hearing, yearly to in> suiprke, through a
fiiend. that the icport of the connnittcc about to be made
contained - t.ifements injutiouslv affecting inv icputation,
1 came to Washington fiom a >uck bed, against the earnest
pioust ot inj phweian, with the view ol seeing the mem-
bet.-. ot the committee, to ascertain, it' possible, what was
the question, if anv, in then niind>. m ielation to my ttans-
aetions. I waited in peison upon a majority of the mem-
ber of the committee, although spaieely able to leave the
hotel; and. while f obtained no informal ion, yet I mfened,
from ceitain ciicumitanc's, that they weie about to allege
some disciepancies in relation to my accounts, I knew,
if the accounts weie nil befoic them,, that theie could be no
complaint alleged against me, and earnestly ieque'-ted the j
delay of the icpost loi a Mngic day, stating to them that F |
would di-patch. and subsequently that 1 had sent n s-pecial i
messenger to New York loi Mi. Blatehtoid, who had in
lu« pos.Nession facts and vouehei s which would lelieve me j
lioni thr flighted suspicion ui o'lauon to the tiansaetions j
winch have received the nmmadvei-jon o! the committee, !
and which J understood fbey were about to critichv. t
Though icfusiiu?. by a vote of the majmity ot thox; pros- |
cnt, to giant my icqucst on the£e in gent. «peemc, and man- !
itestly just grounds and instructing their chauman to make j
the repott linthwirh, U happened by some accident that the j
leport was dela\ei3 for the length of time I desired, duung |
winch mtTvnl Mi P.lntcbfoid arrived in Washington for j
the cxpiesfs puipose of appearing befote the committee. I ;
immediately and pej^onallv communicated the fact of Mr. j
BJaichfoid-'s pt'-s.-nee to the committee. j
i was advised by a physician in Washington, who was ;
in constant attendance upon me, and warned by my own ;
knowledge of my condition, that, if I would secure or re- I
gain my health, I must speedily return home. I left Wash-
ington, not entertaining a doubt that Mr. Blatchford, who
remained titers, would be called upon by the committee to
funiUl) the important information I had assured them was In
his possession, and which would have saved me from the
least suspicion of wrong. The public will be surprised,as
I have been, to learn that Mr. Blatchford was not allowed
to appear before the committee -until after the report > wife
all its reckless errors and calumnious misstatements, was
launched upon the I-louse and the country. I submit to yon
whether there ever was conduct more unjustifiable.' ' -
My illness—a severe attack of" gastric fever—proved of
long continuance, and for a considerable portion of the
period of doubtful result, with utter inability and entire pro-
hibition to even think of business of any kind whatever.
During all this time, unconsciously to uijseif, the misrep-
resentations of the committee have been poisoning the
public mind. I have but quite recently been able to leave
my loom, and 1 have within the last three days, for tlieflrst
time, even seen a copy of the report. It is only since my
arrival in Washington that I have learned of the extent of
Us injurious character. You mayjudge, if you can, how I
have been astounded at its contents.
The extiaoidmary and unprecedented course of the com-
mittee seemed to flow fiom a desire which, wronged as I
have been, 1 will not impute to them, to produce an im-
mense sensation with paiua! and unproven iacts; and that
course has given rise to an impression which the commit-
tee owe it to themselves and the country promptly to dispel,
that they deliberately and of purpose excluded the testi-
mony of one of the most prominent citizens of New York,
lest it should in any way conflict with the supposed devel-
opments with which they appeared to be eager to startle
Congiess and the people.
For myself, the best reply, and the most comprehensive
and conclusive defense will be contained in a simple, brief,
and impartial recital of all the transactions referred to by
the committee. So rapid has been the current of events and
so fleeting is memory, that it is necessary, by way of pre-
mise, to recall the exact condition of the country at the
period refcued to. Rebellion had not only ingulfed ail
south of the Potomac, but the insurrectionary spirit had
spread over Maryland, seized its metropolis, and cut off all
communication between the capital of the nation and the
loyal portion of the people. The terror and the panic
tin oughout the land for the fortnight succeeding the tragpdy
in Baluuioie, on the 19th of April, were appalling, and well
nigh paralyzing to the courage and the energieso'f all. The
national authorities at Washington were astonished and
peiplexed, and  e«ircely knew which way to turn for relief.
They had found the othcers of the regular Army and Navy
deserting them by scores, and enlisting under a traitor en-
sign ; and they knew not whom to trust, even among those
that retained an outward allegiance to the "old flag"—
manv of whom, by subsequent demotion, have justified the
suspicions then entertained ol then loyalty. In this peril-
ous emcrgene} the coipoiation of the city of New York,
prompted by the impulses ot the popular mind, came for-
waid with an appiopnation of $2,000,001) for the national
defense ;and the authorities at Washington—so soon as they
could ir« any way convoy a communication to New York
—called to their aid persons intimately known to them, hi
whose judgment and integrity they had confidence, and of
whose patnotic loyally theie was not a tinge of doubt. In
pursuance of tins design, measures were adopted by the
Treasmy and War Departments, (and the Navy also,) as set
foith in the following communications:
Treasury Department, April 24, 1861.
Gentlemen: Relying upon your well-known integrity
and devotion to the best interests of the country, the Presi-
dent na> this day authorized an advance to be made to you
of .$2,000,000 as a fund liom which legal and proper Tic-
man,ds upon the Treasury may be met without the delay
consequent upon the pic&ent interruption of all regular com-
munication with this Department. Twodiafts for $1,000,000
ea<ii have this day gone forvvaid, which will place *uch sum
to your cicdit with the Assistant Treasurer at New York.
The puipose ot this fund is to meet only such requisitions
as may be directly consequent upon the military and naval
measures necessary loi the defense and support of the Gov-
ernment. You ate therefore authorized and requested to
pay buch demand's upon you, within the above limit,a« are
presented to you by the duly constituted agents of the Gov-
ei nmcnt.
The Depaitment doubts not your willingness to render
eveiy assistance in your power in this unpuxcdcutcd state
ot alians. When possible, it h hoped that you will all unite
m each act herein authorized. If, however, from any cause,
such united action cannot be had, a majority may exercise
the full authority given to the whole; and ii any extraor-
dinary emergency shall create a necessity for it, anyone
mav do so.
Very lespeetfully, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Messrs. John A. Dix, Georgr Opdyke, It. M. Blatch-
ford, New York.
Jljtril 21, 1861,
Dk ar. Sir: You will receive another letter from me with
this.
We shall need supplies to a very large amount sent here
from New Yoik, since the interruption to purchases in Bal-
timore. They will, i think, much of them, have to come
via Ea^ton, Heading, Hamsburg, and the rest by sea, via
Annapolis. 1 have called on Thomas A. Scott to take charge
of the railroads, and f want you to assist the commissaries
and quartermasters in pushing iorwaid their supplies, as
weli as in aiding them m malting purchases at or fiom New
Yo>k.
We need men here without delay, and suppiies should
accompany them if possible.
SIMON CAMERON.
A. CCMMINOS.
Department of War, April 23, 1861.
In consideration of the extiaordinary emergencies whieh
demand immediate and decisive measures for the preserva-
