1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
lution, and I suppose there can be 110 opposition
to its consideration now:
Raolrcd, That the ubunl amount for the expenses of con-
veynig the remains of a deceased Senator to hi* Kite place
of reMdenec b« paid out of the contingent fund to the widow
of lion. Edward D. Baker, late a Senator from the State of
Oicgon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That makes an appro-
priation, and it should properly be referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All resolutions ap-
propriating money out of the contingent fund
must necessarily go to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
and have three several readings.
The resolution was read twice, and referred to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate.
PACIFIC RAILROAD SURVEYS.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing;
Rewired, That for the purpose of making corrections in
the plate of the " map of Territory and military department
ot Utah," compiled in the Bureau of Topographical Engi-
neer, and for printing one thousand copies of the same lor
Pacific laihoad pui po&es; al o for printing the same number
of copies of the upper half of the geneial map of the teru-
tory of tlit* United States, compiled by the War Dcpaitment,
showing Pacific railioad surveys, theie he and is hereby
appropriated out of the contingent fund of the Senate the
sum oi $650.
WINTER QUARTERS I?OR TROOPS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to the Senate copies of the Older* directing the erec-
tion of barracks and otlier buildings for winter quaiters for
the Kansas troops.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the consideration of the resolution at the
present time?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the resolu-
tion to lie on the table at present; and to-morrow
1 propose to call it up, and submit afew remarks
to the Senate on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
PATENTS TO COLORED PEOPLE.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved. That the Committee on Patents, and the Patent
Office be directed to consider if any further legislation is
necessary in older to secute to petsons of African descent,
in our own country, the light to take out patents tor useful
inventions, midei the Constitution of the United States.
If I can have the attention of my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Patents, I should
like to state to him why this resolution is intro-
duced. It is within my knowledge that a person of
African descent in the city of Boston has applied
for a patent for a useful invention, and that it has
been refused to him on the ground that under the
Dred Scott decision he was not a citizen of the
United States, and, therefore, that a patent could
not issue to him. I wish the committee to con-
sider whether that abuse can in any way be re-
moved. That is all.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
AIDS-DE-CAMP.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a resolution to offer:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the mimes, lank, and pay ot the
aids-de camp appointed under the act approved August 5,
18SL, together with then rank and pay in the line at the
time of their appointment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting after the word " pay," where it
fust occurs, the words " and residence." I should
like to know the citizenship of these individuals,
so as to bo able to identify them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to in-
serting " and residence."
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
ESCAPE OF THE SUMTER.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsoha7, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inqmie and irpoit the circumstances attending
the ocape of the pitatical ^toaniei. the Sumter, t'tom i'o ?
Royal, on the 24th of November hu>t, and that they have
power to send foi peisons and papeis.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. BRIGHT.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution:
Whereas Hon. Jesse D. Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day of March, 1861, wrote a letter, of which the following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1,1881.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to introduce to your ac-
quaintance my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. He
visits your capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a
great improvement in fire-arms. I recommend him to your
favoiabie consideration as a gentleman of the first respect-
ability, and leliable in every lespect.
Very truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jffffrson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
And whereas we believe the said letter is evidence of
disloyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give
aid and comfort to the public enemies: Therefore,
Beit resolved, That the said Jesse D. Bright is expelled
from his seat in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. COWAN. I move that the resolution be
referred to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is: " Will the Senate consider the resolution at
the present time?" In the opinion of the Chair, it
is a privileged question,and is entitled to consid-
eration at the present time. The resolution is,
therefore, before the Senate; and the question is
on referring it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should have offered this
resolution some days ago, but for the fact that the
Senator from Indiana was not in his seat. Thave
deferred doing it until this morning, when he is
here. I should prefer, instead ofhavmgthe motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania obtain, that the
Senator from Indiana should express his wishes
in regard to it. If he has no response to make,
and no request to make in the premises, I do not
see why it should be referred at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know, sir, how far it
may be considered in good taste for me to say a
word at this time on the resolution now before
the Senate, but I think it is eminently proper that
those who are most interested in my position in
the Senate should know something as to the truth
or falsity of charges that are being made against
me through licentious presses, some of which, I
believe, have reporters in the gallery of the Senate.
Among other things, it has been charged, within
the last week, that I have absented myself from
the Senate, fearing the introduction of what the
Senator from Minnesota has this morning pre-
sented; and if I were not to announce the fact
that 1 had been confined to my room from indis-
position, the world might believe that these cal-
umnies are true. Suffice it to say, that I have
been absent for the last ten days on account of
indisposition. In justice to myself I know that I j
ought not to be here to-day; but hearing that it j
was the intention of the opposite side of the Cham-
ber to question my right to a seat in this body, 1
thought it proper that I should attend. So much
for the gratuitous falsehoods of the press on this
point.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota was
kind enough to show me the resolution that he
has presented, and ask me if I had any objection
to its introduction. I said to him, what I now
repeat, that, so far from having any objection, I
challenged investigation. My colleague will bear
me witness that as early as the first day of this
session I asked him to take the lead, and intro-
duce a proposition here inquiring into the truth
or falsity of chargcs that have been industriously
circulated against me ever since the close of the
last Congress. The motives that prompt those
engaged in this system of defamation I may speak
of on sonic other occasion.
As the Senator from Minnesota has had a letter
read that purports to have been written by me,
1 hope he will not object to sending to the Secre-
tary and having read a letter that I wrote in reply
to one from a friend explaining it, and let them
go to the committee together. In this connection
—as I shall not lise again—allow me to say that,
after a service of seventeen years in this body
continuously,! atn not conscious of having written
or said anything inconsistent with my duty as an
American Senator or loyal citizen, if this reso-
lution goes to the committee, I shall avail myself
of the opportunity that will of course be afforded
me of making a statement, either in person or
writing, immaterial to me which. I hope the
mover of the resolution will send to the Secre-
tary 's desk the letter I refer to, that it may be read
and referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
will be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
if there be no objection.
Mr. WILKINSON. I send up a copy of the
letter referred to by the Senator in his remarks,
explanatory of the former letter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be re-
ferred with the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it to be the
desire of the Senator from Indiana to have it read.
Mr. WILKINSON. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
At my Farm, September 7,1861.
In reply to your favor ot the 20th, just received, I have to
say that £ have been personally acquainted with Mr. Lin-
coln for more than twenty years, he having been at that
time a prominent merchant of your city, vvhert11 was then
residing, and was just entering on my career of life. He
did me the iavor to employ me as his attorney, and I gen-
erally attended to his legal business*. The letter to which
you refer is no doubt genuine. I have no recollection of
writing it, but if Mr. Lincoln says I did, then I am entirely
satisfied of the fact, for lam quite suie I would have given,
as a matter of course, just such a letter of introduction to
any friend who had asked it. So much for the letter.
You say the impression is sought to be created, on ac-
count of this letter, that I am in complicity with the south-
ern rebellion. I have so little regard, indeed such an utter
contempt for Abolitionism, which is seeking by every
means m its power to "crush out" every man who dares
to dissent from the policy it prescribes, that if it were
merely to satisfy the corrupt partisans of that doetrinc, I
would not take the trouble of denying or attempting to
counteract this impression. But for jour sake, and the
sake of such old tried friends as you, I think it due to my-
self to say, that 1 am, and always have been, for preserv-
ing the integrity of this Union. I was laboring zealously
for its pieservation when these men, who are now so clam-
orous for its maintenance, were willing to il let it slide"
rather than abate one iota of their unconstitutional doc-
trine of inequality ; and no man regrets more than I the
present condition of public affairs, or i3 more anxious to
see peace, unity, and fraternity iestored. I do not think
the policy of that party is calculated to produce such re-
sults ; so far from it, the inevitable tendency of its meas-
ures, m my opinion, is to render the disruption permanent
and incuiable. And hence I have opposed, and so long as
my present convictions last shall continue to oppose, the
entire coercive policy of the Government. X hope this may
be satisfactory to my friends. For my enemies I carc not.
Sincerely yours, «c., JESSE D. BRIGHT.
J. Fitch, Madison, Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This paper will be
referred, together with the resolution, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPOKT ON TIIE FINANCES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, repotted the following resolution:
Resolved, Tli at! on thousand extra copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Tieasury on the finances he printed,
nine thousand Jive hundred of which for tlic use of the
Senate, and live hundred for the use of the Treasury Dc-
paitment.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the usual number
—the number that was printed last year. If any
Senator desires to cut it down, the committeeare
quite indifferent as to the number that shall be
jirinted. The subject of the finances is very inter-
esting now.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NOTICE OE A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER. I ?ive notice that I shall to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801.
In giving this notice, I make the explanation
that tshall do it in simple justice to tho claim-
ants, that their case may be again before the com-
mittee, but with little expectation that at this mo-
ment it can be pressed to any decisive action.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 107) authorizing an increase in the cleri-
cal force in the offices of the Adjutant General and
the PaymasterGeneral; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
106) for the release of certain persons held to ser-
vice or labor in the District of Columbia; which
