1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3031
ships are mainly, and must ever continue tQ be by
the necessities of her condition of a tonnage and
draught excluding them from the lakes. While we
are second in the amount of our ocean tonnage,
our inland commerce is unequaled. There is not
a State or Territory east of the Rocky mountains
not bounded by or penetrated with navigable lakes
or rivers. Aside from this commercial fleet, which
in case of emergency might be extemporized into
a formidable engine of war, and a large part of
which is of a size admitting its conveyance through
the proposed locks, the pending rebellion has com-
pelled us to construct, and is now compelling us
to construct, for special use upon our inland wa-
ters, a large fleet of gun and armored boats and
rams, just such as the exigencies of the case re-
quire for the northern lakes, and which, at the
expiration of the pending war, will be left upon
our hands comparatively worthless, unless this
new field of utility is opened to them. No nation
is likely to have such a fleet of powerful and light-
draught gunboats as will soon be at our disposal.
Through the means now proposed this can be con-
centrated as the exigency may require, and be
transferred from the Hudson river to the delta of
the Mississippi, free from the great expense of
accompanying transports, with all the safety of a
holiday excursion, without risk from elements or
enemy upon the ocean. This whole proposition
docs seem to me too plain and simple for argu-
ment, both as regards its efficiency and economy.
But I anticipate that last objection, so fatal to
action, with which the reason, when convinced,so
frequently consents to be lulled into activity. We
shall be told, however meritorious the scheme,
however necessary under ordinary circumstances
to avail ourselves of its benefits, that now is not
the time, that we must wait for a more convenient
season. To my mind the embarrassments of the
time only enhance the necessity for action. The
greatness of England was evinced not by her ability
to increase her indebtedness $3,000,000,000 to pros-
ecute thirty years of war, but in that great states-
manship which brought her forth at the peace with
her credit unimpaired, her resources expanded in
proportion to her liabilities, and her position first
among the nations of the earth. The time has
come when we must take our position as an equal
with the leading Powers of the world, not only in
the industries of peace, but also in the enginery
of war, or cower away into a secondary position.
Our geographical extent, material growth, con-
tinental proportions, liberal institutions, and fu-
ture aspirations win not for us the world'sloven and
must be made to command its respect. The pre-
mature obituaries pronounced over our supposed
fallen democracy by European Governments, con-
tain incentives to action, as well as food for
thougjit.
We arc to live henceforth in our national in-
tegrity by our own wisdom and strength, and not
through sufferance from other nationalities. It
is evident now that over confidence alone in the
speedy disintegration of our Union prevented in-
tervention in theopening monthsofourrevolution.
Foreign Courts are now fretting over neglected op-
portunities and the unexpected embarrassments
occasioned to their plans by our military success.
No opportunity, like that of July, 1861, will be
again neglected.
The question presented to us to-day is much
less one as to the smallness of the debt we can
bring out of the war with us, than one as to the
greatness of the resources which shall then be at
our disposal, and as to the solidity of union
which shall make those resources formidable.
The veriest fool will risk his wealth to save his
life; ay, his life also if necessary to save it. We
have intended to vote all the men and money neces-
sary to bring this war to a successful termination.
We have known, we intend to know, no limit to
the supply other than the necessities of the de-
mand,and yet when all is over, magnificentas those
appropriations seem in their proportions when
contrasted with our former experience as a na-
tionality, posterity will think but little of it. We
shall simply have met manfully and resolutely an
imperious necessity. Our sacrifices are yet slight
as compared with those of Peter the Great, Fred-
erick J, William of Orange, the French Directory,
or the Continental Congress; slight, even,as com-
pared with our own adversary. The Thirty-
Seventh Congress will be gratefully remembered,
not so much for these vast preparations for war
as for those few measures the utility of which will
only become matured with peace, and which are
passing quietly upon your statute-books, almost
unnoticed by cotemporaneous history amid the
wild din of civil commotion. I speak not specially
of the great bills declaratory and preservative of.
personal liberty within the District of Columbia
and the unborn States of the West. What was
done in this respect was well done; but the grati-
tude of coming generations will hardly attach to
so obvious rights so tardily accorded.
I refer, first, to the wisdom that, in the midst of
such vast expenditures, could withhold from the
Treasury the prospective proceeds of its public
land, and without money and without price con-
vert it into homes for freemen; that could still rec-
ognize it, in war as well as in peace, as the first
duty of the nation to raise up men and encourage
labor. I refer, again, to another measure, almost
ripened into law, and worthy the imperial genius
of Russian statesmanship which,.under the same
seemingly unfavorable circumstances, recognizing
the continental proportions of our country, the
necessity for unity, and the demand for protection
to every portion of the Union, hesitates notamid
the conflict of revolution to enter upon the con-
struction of the greatest railway of the world, con-
necting the Pacific coast with the valley of the
Mississippi. Aside from the acts in maintenance
of personal liberty, these acts, and such as these,
will, more than all others, evince their justicc and
win the approbation of coming time; for in peace,
as well as in war, they contain elements of na-
tional wealth'and solidarity.
The proposed measure, in its beneficent tenden-
cies in favor of human industry and individual
wealth, is, as compared with the requisite outlay,
greater in its proportions and more immediate m
its returns than any adopted by or pending before
this Congress; while in point of actual necessity
nothing short of the maintenance of military oper-
ations in the field can be compared with it.
To say that at this time this work shall not be
done is simply to say that for the present we aban-
don all efforts for the possession of the lakes and
the protection of a thousand miles of our richest
frontier. To say that while it should be done we
have not the resources, is to confess that we have
become so poor that we can no longer afford to
be economical, which is the last stage of national
as well as individual decay and insolvency.
In the pending measure there will also Ge done
an act of justice to the West. Ten years ago a
revolution of the violence of this might have suc-
ceeded. That it has not succeeded now is due less
to the accumulated wealth and population of the
middle and eastern States than to the gold of
California and the agricultural productions of the
States bordering on Lake Michigan and the up-
per Mississippi, The credit of the country has
been sustained by these two sources of active pro-
duction more than by the whole mass of accumu-
lated capital. To these two sources of produc-
tion the homestead bill and Pacific railroad are
tributes of justice. Wc shall have fitly consum-
mated a work so well begun, when, by this neces-
sary and economical expenditure, protection to
person, production, and exportation, shall be car-
ried to this source of our future wealth—the
granary of the world.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM and Mr. OLIN ad-
dressed the House. [Their speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bilks of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act (S. No. 370) to provide for additional
medical officers of the volunteer service;
An act (H. R. No. 442) to establish a land dis-
trict in the Territory of Nevada, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Lawrence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor county,
Kentucky; and
An act (H. R. No. 428) for the relief of the
president and directors of the Panama Railroad
Company.
SHIP CANAL AGAIN.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Speaker, I shall be
brief in stating some of the reasons that ought to
govern Congress in its action upon the proposi-
tions now under consideration. I cannot now and
shall not discuss fully all the bearings of this pro-
posed legislation, but leave that duty to others
who may desire to go at length into the details
pertaining to it. This bill to enlarge the locks of
the New York canals is intended as an amend-
ment to one previously presented for the improve-
ment of the Illinois canal and river, so as to open
up and make serviceable the now incomplete con-
nection with the Mississippi river. Had that prop-
osition stood alorve, I should have given it my
support upon the broad ground of its being a great
public improvement and a work of national im-
portance and defense. Upon the general subject
of improvement and defense the General Govern-
ment should, so far as it has the power under the
Constitution, encourage and aid all such works
calculated to develop the wealth and resources of
the country, and lift up and elevate the enterprise
and industry of our people. The policy that has
marked past administrations of the Government,
of withholding the sympathy and aid necessary
to encourage and foster great and wise works of
internal improvement, while the energies and
strength of the Government, as well as its re-
sources, have been used to forward schemes of
personal and political advantage, has been an un-
wise policy, and ruinous to the best interests and
prosperity of our people. For years past the re-
sources of the nation have been abundant, our
people prosperous, every branch of industry in a
healthy condition,and it has been in the power of
the Government to aid without any loss or detri-
ment to itself the various works that have been
pressing upon its consideration. The weak con-
dition of our northern frontier to-day is an evi-
dence of the want of care of the past to the inter-
ests of our people. No people more intelligent,
more industiious, doing more for the prosperity
and elevation of the country; while none less cared
for in their commercial interests by suitable works
ofdefenseand protection. Rightupon ourborders,
subject to invasion should a war spring up, and no
meansadequato to protect themselves against such
invasion, either upon the land or water.
This neglect or state of things is wholly inex-
cusable. The nation ought to have looked after
the interests of our people in these regards long
ago; and that they have not done it, is the strong
reason why it should not be delayed longer. In
protecting such portions of our country, and pro-
viding against a destruction of the great interests
of our people, the nation protects itself, and makes
itself secure. However great the resources of the
nation may be, and the energy to bring them out
and apply them to weak and unprotected points,
our experience demonstrates that we fail, in sud-
den emergencies, to meet the demands upon us, and
provide that protection which commerce and our
people have a right to demand and expect. When
so much is at stake, the greater the necessity of
timely preparation to render it amply secure, and
beyond a doubt. In view of these considerations,
the neglect of past Administrations is without
any excuse, and will receive the censure that our
present weak and unprotected condition will war-
rant. Such works of public improvement are cal-
culated to bind together our people, and unite
them in a common purpose to protect and save
what is a common interest. In the great struggle
in which we are now unfortunately involved, our
loyal people, and they are a great majority of the
whole, are bound together by a high and common
purpose to save and protect our Union.
There are several considerations that enter into
and make up this noble purpose; but not insignifi-
cant among them are those of a physical nature,
and the magnificent works of art which skill and
labor have wrought out and made serviceable to
our people, and bound them together. Our lakes,
rivers, roads, and canals, that run through our
land, and form channels of communications for
our people, have brought us together as one peo-
ple, and made our interests one. To draw a line
between the North and the South, the East and
the West, and compel communication and inter-
course to cease, would dry up the fountains of our
prosperity, and turn back the overflowing tide of
our progress. Hence, our loyal people say there
can be no division of our territory; hencc the de-
mand and struggle for the freedom of the Missis-
sippi river, one great outlet for both sections of the
country.
