,2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
peached. The President can be impeached, arid
can do wrong.
Such a xAerc glance at the want of analogy be-
tween the executives of the two Governments
shows how utterly fallacious every argument by
analogy becomes which assumes that it would be
unsafe to the people to intrust this carefully de-
fined power and care of the public safety to the
President, because it is unsafe to intrust the un-
limited power of Parliament to the king. The
President is made by the people; holds his power,
at longest,but for four years; may be impeached
by the Legislature of the people for its abuse;
creates no part of the Legislature; can give, with-
out the Senate's assent, no judicial or other office;
makes no wars nor alliances nor treaties nor
armies; and in every one of these respects is
totally unlike the king, and yet it is unsafe to
intrust to him the power in question, because it
is unsafe to intrust it to the king holding such
absolute, vast, irresponsible, and hereditary pre-
rogatives! (See 2Story's Constitution, sec. 1427.)
But, sir, it was not necessary to attempt to show
the utter fallacy of this analogical argument, just
becausethedoctrine which admits the power to sus-
pend this privilege to be in the President does not,
as is asserted, give the President powers greater
than are given by the legislative practice under
the constitution of England to the king. Eut, on
the other hand, with this power in the President,
the liberties of the people are far more jealously
guarded than are the liberties of the people of
England under the English constitution.
The radical difference between the two consti-
tutions is that under the English constitution the
Legislature can, at its pleasure, in times of pro-
found peace, as well as in war, wholly suspend or
repeal " the privilege" of the writ, or the writ it-
self. And this power of Parliament not only may
be, but, whenever cxercised, (as in 19 George 11,
chap. 1; 34 George III, chap. 50; 38 George III,
chap. 36; 41 George III, chap. 26; 57 George III,
chap. 55,) has been exercised to confer upon the
king the power of arresting and detaining without
bail dangerous or suspected men; whercasunder
our Constitution no such discretion or power is
lodged with any or all the departments of the
Government. For neither the President nor Con-
gress can ever repeal or suspend, at any time, either
of pcace or war, the law itself; cannot even sus-
pend its " privileges" or benefits to any citizen in
times of pcace; cannot suspend " the privilege"
to any, even the worst citizen, in time of any war
exceptthe twoof" invasion"or " rebellion,"and,
even in these times can only select out of the great
body of society such ones for arrest and detention
as endanger " the public safety." Can an argu-
ment be conceived more baldly and palpably fal-
lacious than one which totally falsifies the facts
presented by this contrast of the English and
American constitutions? So supremely solicitous
has our Constitution been of the liberty of the
citizens that it has wrested from the very sover-
eignty of the nation—as well from Congress and
the President as from the judiciary—all power
ever, in any case, to repeal or suspend the law
giving the writ. It has also deprived the supreme
sovereignty of ali power to deprive any man, how-
ever dangerous, of the " privilege" of the writ ex-
cept in two specified cases and conditions; and
even in these two conditions it has deprived that
sovereignty of all power over the " piivilege of
the writ," except as against the men whose liberty
endangers " the public safety," and even against
these, and in th«sc carefully defined conditions of
invasion and rebellion, it has only permitted the
"suspension," or temporary hanging up of the
privilege, and not its total abolition.
I ask if it be possible to conceive of any form
of human language or ingenuity which would more
effectively guard this " privilege," without vir-
tually depriving the Government of all power to
detain men engaged in the destiuction of the Gov-
ernment? And yet, sir, in the face of the facts
of this conttast—a contrast furnished by the mere
reading ot the English and American constitu-
tions—we are told that the intrusting to the Pres-
ident, for the public safety, the detention of dan-
gerous men in time of rebellion or invasion,is
giving him powers over personal liberty which
it is deemed unsafe to yield to an English king!
Sir, the only other argument against the doc-
trine ascribing this power to suspend the " priv-
ilege" of this writ to the President, is the one
founded upon authority of Judges Marshall and
Story. The eminence of these authorities in all
matters upon which they have judicially passed,
but which they have never done at all in the mat-
ter now under consideration, as to whether it is
the President or Congress to which this "sus-
pending" is, by the Constitution, intrusted, makes
me unwilling to submit to this House or to the
country a single remark of my own upon what
they have said touching this question. I therefore
avail myself of the just and forcible remarks upon
this point of a great lawyer, of whom it is not too
much to say that he is not inferior in legal learn-
ing, in ability, or the wisdon coming from long
experience and observation in the working of our
Government, to either of those truly eminent
American judges. I quote from Horace Binney,
of Philadelphia. As to the dicta ofjudge Marshall
and the commentaries of Judge Story, he says:
" But the language of Chief Justice Marshall, whatever
be its meaning, was not ined in a ea«e which brought up
the question. The case of ex parte Dolman, in 4 Crancb,
could not bring up the question whether the President or
Congress had the power of suspending the pi ivil^cc of the
writ in cases of rebellion or invasion. There was no re-
bellion nor invasion at the time, and no suspension of the
privilege by either Congiess or the President.
"The question then before the coin t, the first question in
ex parte Bolman, was whether the Supreme Court, having
no original jurisdiction of the case, could issue a writ of
habeas corpus to bring up the body of Bolman, and the rec-
ord of his commitment by the circuit court for the Disti let
of Columbia. The court was somewhat divided upon the
point, and the writ was issued, two judges out of the five
dissenting.5' ********
" The power to issue the writ was the question ; and as
the Legislatuie had given this power to tiie couit, it was
appairiitly reasonable to bay that the Legislature only
could suspend that power. The whole language does, how-
ever, say fuither, that if the public safctv should require the
suspension of the powers vested in the comts, adverting,
pcibaps, to the language of the habeas corpus clause in the
Constitution, it was for the Legislature to say so.
u But theie was nothing betoie the Chief Justice to raise
the distinction between Congress and the Piesiderit; nor
between the puvdege of tho writ as descriptive of ? per-
sonal right, and the writ itself as authorized by law; nor
between the operation of the Constitution itself, and the
operation of a Jaw of Congiess. Ceitamly Chief Justice
Marshall wouid not have said that if the Constitution,
either expressly or impliedly, had given to the Piesidentthe
power to suspend the privilege, his act would not be as ef-
fectual upon the com t«, and upon the law of Congress which
gave power to the courts to issue thewnt, as any act of
Congiess would be. The pioperquestion would then iiave
been between the Constitution and Congress, and not be-
tween an act of Congress and tiie court It was, however,
altogether obiter, whatcvei was the Chief Justice's mean-
ing ; and was no authority, though it is all that Chief Jus-
tice Taney cites a3 of judicial decision.
"Judge Story's lemaiks. which ate nl^orefeired to m
Meiiyman's ease, are of even less weight; not from per-
sonal consociations, but as ihcy are those ot a comment-
ator, and not of a judge iu his place. Tho point of them,
howevei, is easily taken away.
" In commenting very briefly upon nbusesof personal
libeity in England, including abuses by Parliament, and of
tho lestiaint placed upon them by the clause in the Consti-
tution of the United States, Judge Stoiy remaiks : ' Hith-
erto no suspension of the wi it has been authouzed by Con-
gK < since tho ostabhshmcntof tho Constitution, [t would
heem, as the power is given to Congress (uc) to suspend
tiie writ of habeas rorpus m case ot rebellion or invasion,
that tho light to judge whether the exigency had aiisen,
must exciiK-ively belong to that body.5 As this is ptinted
m Judge Stoiy's woik, the last clause, which begins diffi-
dently enough, proceeds at once to do something more than
to beg tho question. It demands or extorts it." The vciy
question is, uhethei the power is given to Congress. Cei-
taiuly no power is given in terms to anybody to suspend
the writ. Theie more in the same sentence, on which it
is not necessary to remark."
1 now proceed to notice some considerations
which show that this power to " suspend" is by
the Constitution intrusted to the President. As
the basis of the affirmative argument has neces-
sarily been brought into notice in considering the
arguments against the President's power, it will
not require so much time to state these consider-
ations.
It already appears, by a mere reading of the
Constitution, that no power exists in Congress or
elsewhere, ever, either in pcace or war, to suspend
or repeal the law or the writ of habeas corpus; that
all that can ever be done, whether done by Con-
gress or the President, in our Government, is to
select out of the mass of socicty such ones of the
citizens as shall be discovered in fact to be engaged
in acts which so endanger the public safety as to
demand that they should be held for a time de-
prived of the " privilege'' of being bailed out by
those who are engaged with them in the overthrow
of the Government. We have also seen that this
can never be done, even against the worst men, ;
except at two specified periods or conditions of j
society; and these two conditions of socicty, re- I
bellion or invasion, are conditions of fact and not
of law, and their existence or non-existence is
wholly out of the reach of any legislation to affect.
Congress cannot change the fact of the existence
or non-existence of a rebellion by enacting that
there is or is not one in the land. To this must
now be added the fact that, at this precise junc-
ture, namely, in times of insurrection and inva-
sion, the Constitution provides for Congress call-
ing out the militia to execute the laws. Then in
article two, section three, it provides that the
President shall take care that these laws (which
the militia are called out to execute, and ail others)
are faithfully executed; and then it makes the Pres-
ident (article three, section two) the commander
of the militia called out at this juncture of insur-
rection or invasion.
Putting now together the whole of these con-
stitutional provisions, and reading them in their
proper relations to each other, and they are thus:
" No power in this Government shall ever repeal
or suspend, as against the body of the people, the
writ of law of habeas corpus. All that shall ever
be permitted is, that 'the privilege' of being set
at large shall temporarily be denied to such one
or more of the members of society as by their
acts are endangering the public safety; but I will
not permit even this, except upon the happening
of one or other of two facts, to wit, rebellion or
invasion; and whether these facts have happened,
I make the President exclusive judge, as is settled
by legislation and decision. (See 7 Howard, 1.)
Just when these facts have happened I authorize
the militia to be called out for the purpose of en-
forcing the laws, which duty of enforcing the laws
I give to the President; and to enable him so to
do, 1 make him the Commander-in-Chief of this
militia."
Now, I beg to know who, that had not pre-
judged the ease, would not say instantly, from
the simple reading of these cognate parts of the
Constitution thus brought together,that itwas tho
President only who had the power to arrest and
detain these dangerous men? He would be com-
pelled so to conclude, first, because the actof find-
ing out and " suspending" is strictly an Execu-
tive, and not a legislative one. It does not at all
suspend a law, but only hunts out, arrest,*, and
holds a dangerous man. It is an act done only to
enforce the laws, and that duty to see that they
are enforced isexpiessly and exclusively confided
to the President. It is an act which can never be
done except in the two conjunctions, and these are
the very two in which the militia are called out,
and the President is given the exclusive command
of them. The fact is that this presents one of
those cases in which the simple statement of the
case appears like demonstration.
Why, sir, what man would say that any power,
either that of Congress, the President, or both, can
ever, in peace or war, repeal or suspend, as to all
the people, the right to this writ, or can suspend
the existence of the remedy to the whole country?
No one dare so affirm. Then, sir, all that can be
done is to hunt out of cellars, dens, caves, mount-
ains, alleys, and military camps such individuals
as, in rebellion or invasion, endanger the public
safety. What man that is not mad will say that
Congress can ever do this hunting up of danger-
ous men, which hunting must thus penetrate'the
plots of conspirators, enter their midnight con-
claves, comprehend and keep upon the track of
shifting and infinitely complex military schemes,
movements, and combinations? And yet this is
all that the Constitution permits anybody to do.
It permits the "privilege" to be taken from dan-
gerous men, not the law to be repealed as to the
people at large. Whether the public, safety do
demand that any given man ought to be arrested
and deprived of bail depends upon what he is
doing, and the character, state, and progress of
his designs affecting the public safety. Will you
talk, Mr. Chairman, of Congress doing the policc
duty of watching and detecting and determining
upon the propriety of arresting anyone conspira-
tor? The proposition is so totally absurd and at
war with, not common sense only, but with the
principles of the Constitution, which made the
President exclusive commander of the Army, that
its absurdity renders it incapable of refutation by
argument. But to avoid this absurdity, it is
insisted that what Congress must do is, not to
determine what individuals endanger the public
safety, but, leaving that to the President, it is the
