THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
j§8 is it with the great works that have been pro-
jected in times past, and had but little if any en-
couragement, and no material aid, from the Gov-
ftrwnent. No system of public improvement has
been in favor with our Government, as it has been
conducted and controlled, and now we are reaping
the evils of such a gross neglect of public duty.
No greater public service could have been per-
formed than to have given encouragement and aid
to harbor and river improvements, and projecting
and completing those hoes of internal communi-
cation so often asked for and so necessary to pro-
mote the efficiency of commercial transactions,
and develop the resources of our country. By the
adoption of such a policy, the public defense is
secured, for by the multiplication of facilities for
«onw umcation, and rendering accessible all parts
of our country as far as may be, the means of de-
fense are at hand, and can be most successfully
employed. By such a policy we make accessible
both to our foreign and domestic commerce all
our agricultural and manufacturing districts, as
well as the localities of our valuable mines, rocks,
and earths, all of which contribute to the industry
and wealth of our people. Government can do
nothing that will so readily and effectually de-
velop the entire wealth of our country as creating
and carrying out a liberal scheme of internal im-
provements. Large districts of country, several
of which are underlaid with lich mineral ores,
will remain undeveloped for the want of that aid
winch would bring them to maturity and useful-
ness. When this is done, an incalculable amount
will be added to the wealth of the nation.
In the light of these suggestions, the Pacific rail-
road, which isnowto be constructed, has received
the encouragement and material aid from this
Congress which ought to have been given to it
long ago. While it will be a great convenience to
our western coast and all its people; while it will
be the means of affording protection to them from
the home Government, in case such protection be
needed, it is at the same time such a means of de-
velopment to the vast country intervening that, in
tliia regard alone, it is a work of great merit and
paramount importance. No measuro of legisla-
tion, not directly connocted with the warnnd the
preservation of our country and its liberties, can
he proponed, so fraught with blessings to our whole
land, and calculated to bind together our people,
arid increase their constantly accumulating wealth
and importance. On tins general principle of ac-
tion, and for tlieso general considerations,! deem
it my duty to support all thoso beneficent and rea-
sonable projects for bringing out the wealth of our
country,and strengthening the arm of our national
defense.
I stated that, disconnected with the proposition
to enlarge the looks of the New York canals to
open a passage to onr lakesand rivers west, I should
give the original proposition my support. Tho
two united will also loceive my approbation. Tho
expenditure required to accomplish this last men-
tioned undertaking,especially, will be small com-
paratively, while the benefits resulting from its
completion will be vary fjreat and general. We
arf apt sometimes in reference to measures like
this, to charge the whole asked to the locality or
gtate where the work is located, and under this
narrow and contracted view to give the project
our opposition. Some, I fear, base their objection
to this measure upon such a consideration. This
is no local improvement, designed to inure to the
advantage of mid enrich the States in which they
are located. Action in favor of this measure is
asked upon higher and more general grounds. If
the State of New York desires a local improve-
ment that she has not got, and it will add to her
advantage and the welfare of her people to have
u, she will be very apt to secure it, to do which
she is most abundantly able and willing. With
her present resources, she never would be found
coming here beggtng at the doors of'Congress for
benefits to carry on her works of local interest and
local benefit, but do herself, as she always has,
what is necessary to accomplish her cherished pur-
poses. For purposes of commercial transaction
the locks of her canals are sufficient; no addition
is required.
To make opposition to this work on the ground
of local benefit to New York betrays a disposition,
in view of the necessity that requires it to be done,
by no means commendable, and unworthy a lib-
eral and wise statesmanship. Were New York
to derive any benefit from such a work, demanded
entirely by considerations of national importance
and for military purposes, there would be no rea-
son or fairness in mentioning it by way of opposi-
tion to a just and necessary measure, and one of
purely military and national necessity. New York
has expended more in her works of improvement,
in the construction of her roads and canals, than
several of the other large States together, and never
has asked a dollar for such works from the Gen-
eral Government. Her great avenues of trade,
constructed by her own energy and means, have
developed the vast resources of the West, the pro-
ducing regions of our country, and given a new
impetus to the rich mines of Pennsylvania and
other sections. An expenditure of $150,000,000
has accomplished this great result, and the West,
the East, and all sections of our country, are reap-
ing the great and common benefits of such a mag-
nificent accomplishment. The wealth of this great
nation has been largely increased by the works
projected and completed by the Empire State, and
to her to-day tho nation owes more for such im-
provements and commercial facilities than it can
overpay. Herlinesof communication are in fact
national highways. They have lost their local
character and importance in the national charac-
ter and utility that now attaches to them. And I
will say here that when the country again settles
down m peace, union, and prosperity,and can lift
itself up to that high degree of nationality it should
occupy, it should wipe out every incumbrance that
attaches to all such great public benefits, and de-
clare them fiue to all without restriction save what
tho works themselves would impose.
Rut this measure is demanded by a necessity
that cannot well be avoided. Under the treaty
now existing with Great Britain, both parties are
prohibited building and keeping vessels of war on
the lakes and rivers of our frontier, and a viola-
tion of that treaty would of itself be a declaration
of war on our part. In this respect Great Britain
has the advantage of us. Always wise and fore-
seeing in her policy, she has constructed, and is
constructing and enlarging communications be-
tween tho lakes and around the rapids of the St.
Lawrence, so that she will be, and is now, in fact,
prepared to throw upon our northern lakes, in a
very short and incredible time, every means of
defense and attack necessary to crush us before
we could put ourselves in n position to success-
fully resist. Thisstatoof thingsexistsat this mo-
ment, and we dare not construct or keep a single
gunboat or war vessel upon our lakes where we
might use them in case of an emergency. This
condition of things is also recognized by the Lon-
don Times of the 27th oT December last, when
affairs looked so threatening between the two
countries. It says:
" Of those lakes, the British Government, witii Its large
(feet of huavtly-armed punboaty, which can he introduced
by the St. Lawrcncc and Ottawa rivers and the Rideau
canal, into Lake Ontario, and thence by the Welland canal
into Lake Erie, ought, the moment navigation is open, toob-
uun at once the undisputed command."
And nothing could prevent such a result. We
would be obliged to construct our boats on those
lakes to meet the emergency and after it appeared,
and would doubtless find ourselves wantingin time
to successfully meet it. Tilts work completed, we
could pass gunboats of sufficient size, as shown
by skillful estimate, from the Hudson river to the
lakes in a very short time, and thus be prepared
to meet and resist any force that might be brought
to attack our frontier. Tho necessity of this work
anil the one connected with it to connect the Mis-
sissippi with the lakes, is seen more clearly when
we take into the account what is to be lost by neg-
lect or saved by timely preparation. Thecommerce
of these lakes is immense, and the property of our
citizens engaged m service and carrying on busi-
ness upon them is of so great an account that the
Government is under every obligation ofgood faith
to use every means to protect and save it. Along
this whole line of communication have sprung up
great towns and large cities, the outlets or markets
of the finest and most extensive produce-growing
regions of our country, and all unprotected. All
might be laid waste in a very short time in case
of an invasion by water as before shown, and we
would be entirely unprepared to resist it and save
this vast interest, unless by timely preparation we
use the means at hand to put ourselves in readi-
ness for any emergency. This work will relieve
us to a very great extent. If, in addition, a canal
was constructed around the Falls of Niagara on
the American side, the work of defense, so far as
water facilities are concerned, would be complete;
and then the whole force of the upper lakes could
be thrown on the lower waters or back again with-
out any delay, and with great effect. This latter
work embraces in its construction so many and
in some respects more important considerations
than the one under discussion, that it is not now
presented, but will be placed before the House
upon its merits as an independent proposition in
due time by the select committee having that sub-
ject in charge.
Let this Houselook atandactupon this measure
in the light of true nationality, governed by the
considerations that ought to influence and control
faithful conservators of the public welfare, and
those intrusted with the duty of providing for the
" common defense." Let no narrow and ungen-
erous spirit dictate to our action in a question in-
volving to such an extent the welfare and interests
of so large a portion of our citizens, who are strug-
gling with every privation and sorrow to main-
tain^the Government, from which they ask in re-
turn the protection such sacrifices make it able to
confer. From this northern and western frontier
have come a great majority of the strong arms and
brave hearts that now guard our liberties from the
hand of rebellion, and to them in a very great
measure will be due the honor of saving in this
dark hour of its peril the wisest and best Govern-
ment ever devised by man, and preserving to future
time the rich legacy of a redeemed and purified
land. I mention this merely to show the obliga-
tion that the Government is under to protect the
people that sacrifice for its preservation and per-
petuity. I have no desire to press any unreason-
able burden upon the people now, while vital
questions are imposing heavy loads upon them,
for their interests are my interests, and their bur-
dens my burdens. I am, on the other hand, just
as ready now to do all that necessity requires and
the general welfare demands as ever, and urge as
strongly and as cheerfully the prosecution of all
works of public utility and advantage as when
war is not upon us. We are not poor. We are,
in fact, just Beginning to understand our vast re-
sources and wealth, and to learn that the former
are inexaustible and the latter unfailing. As
exercise strengthens and clothes with power the
physical arm, so does this great struggle in which
we are now engaged, which brings into requisition
the energies and vital powers of our Government
and the people, exhibit to our great astonishment
the fact that heretofore our strength and resources
have been unknown. We are richer to-day than
when this war commenced, from the fact that our
energies and resources have become known. Our
credit is better and stands better in the market
while we have depended entirely upon our own
resources—the faithfulness and patriotism of our
people. We have the wealth within ourselves to
save this nation, and the resources and industry
to bring it out and apply it. This effort has devel-
oped this factand Rhown us our strength and power,
and who does not know that no one or no people
are so strong and powerful as those who, having
the resources, know and feel it, and have, above
all, the patriotism and willingness to apply them
to such noble ends.
Such works as these propositions contemplate,
asking only the faith or credit of the Government
for the present, until an over abundant prosperity
will make it easy to meet its obligations, directed,
as they are, towards the protection of ourpeople
and the development of national security and pros-
perity, will be hailed with a cheerful acquiescence
by all the people, and bind them closer, if possi-
ble, to the Government that thus protects them.
According to present estimates and present pros-
pects, with the measures passed by this Congress,
all the burdens this war will impose will fade away
in a few years, and not be the perpetual load upon
us that some have supposed. The resources and
wealth of our country properly applied, by skill,
economy, and industry, will soon lift us above all
embarrassment, and our nation, regenerated and
strengthened by the trialit has endured, will bound
into a higher life and a more perfect union and
prosperity. Aid, given with a wise discrimination
to such works of general utility and protection as
these measures contemplate, is the evidence of this
inexhaustible vitality and promise of this glorious
destiny. Every effort to save in our present strug-
