1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
that, in portions of this country where there is no
disturbance and no insurrection, the right persons
will be arrested ? The unconstitutionality of such
action as this seems to be admitted by the Senator
who comes to the defense of this despotic power.
Why, sir, the power—without charge, without
examination, without opportunity to reply, at the
click of the telegraph—to arrest a man in a peace-
able portion of the country and imprison him in-
definitely, is the very essence of despotism. I
thought the Senator from Connecticut was en-
gaged in a war to defend and uphold the Consti-
tution. What, sir, becomes of constitutional lib-
erty, what are we fighting for, if this broad ground
is to be assumed and to be justified in this body,
and any man is to be thanked for assuming an
unconstitutional and unwarranted authority?
I was willing to vote, and did vote at the extra
session of Congress, to sanction the acts of the
Executive done through the military power for
the purpose of'suppressing the rebellion—acts
done before Congress assembled, and for some of
which, perhaps, the warrant of law could not be
found. But, sir, a different state of things now
exists. Congress is convened, and this inquiry
is directed to the arrests of persons in loyal por-
tions of the country. What are we coming to if
arrests may be made at the whim or the caprice
of a cabinet minister? Do you suppose he is
invested with infallibility so as always to decide
aright? Arc you willing to trust the liberties of
the citizens of this country in the hands of any
man, to bo exercised in that way? May not his
order send the Senator from Connecticut or my-
self to prison? Why not? Why may not the
commanding general of your Army to-morrow
say, k< take the President of the United States and
confine linn at Fortress Monroe," and if he is
asked why he did it, may he not answer, "just
because I could—because I had the power?"
Now, sir, I am for legulating this thing bylaw.
That is the object of my inquiry. If additional
legislation is necessary for the purpose of pun-
ishing persons who sympathize with treason in
Connecticut, or in any other loyal State of this
Union, where the laws can be enforced through
the judicial tribunals, I say let us give that addi-
tional legislation, and let us not sanction the ex-
ercise of such high powers as these outside of the
law, and as the Senator says, "on the plea of
necessity." Why, sir, I deny the necessity. The
principle contended for would justify riots and
mobs in punishing criminals wherever found.
Suppose a man has committed an offense appar- i
ent to the whole country, shall the citizens of the j
country get together and execute the man without ;
trial; or imprison him, and hold lnm in prison
without trial? Is that the way the laws of the
country are to be administered? Has the Con-
stitution no meaning, and are laws to have no
efficacy ? We shall have anarchy at once if such
doctrine is to pre\ail.
I do not know the facts in regard to arrests
which have been made. My resolution does not
assume that arrests have been made, but inquires
whether they have been. If we are to go outside,
as the Senator has done, I may say that I under-
stand arrests have been made, and the parties af-
tei wards arrested, in some instances, have been
discharged without trial. Does the Senator justify
that?
Mr. DIXON. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator then justifies
putting innocent men in prison ! Else why wore
they discharged ? I take it that was the reason
for their discharge. I have heard of such cases.
Mr DIXON. They ought to be discharged, !
Mr. TRUMBULL. They ought to be dis- I
charged, and they ought to be arrested, too ! An j
innocent man ought to be arrested, put into prison, j
and by and by discharged! Sir, that is not my j
idea of individual or constitutional liberty. Iam j
engaged, and the people whom I represent are j
engaged, in the maintenance of the Constitution, |
and "the rights of the citizen under it. We are :
fighting for the Government as our fathers made [
it. The Constitution is broad enough to put down i
this rebellion without any violations of it. I do j
not apprehend that the present Executive of the
United States will assume despotic powers. He 1
is the last man to do it. I know that his whole |
heart is engaged in endeavoring to crush this re- j
bellion, and I know that he w ould be the last man I
to overturn the Constitution in doing it. But, sir,
we may not always have the same person at the
head of our affairs. We may have a man of a
very different character, and what we are doing
to-day will b.ecome a precedent upon which he
will act. Suppose that, when the troubles ex-
isted in Kansas a few years ago, the then Presi-
dent of the United States had thought proper to
arrest the Senator or myself, and send him or me
to prison without examination, without oppor-
tunity to answer; because, in his opinion, we were
dangerous to the peace of the country and the
necessity justified it! What would the Senator
have thought of such action ?
Sir, I say there can be no such-necessity in the
loyal portions of the country, where the courts
operate; because, if the laws are not sufficient in
such localities to secure the arrest of parties who
are engaged against the Government, we certainly
have the power to amend the laws. Let the Sen-
ator from Connecticut come forward with a bill
authorizing the arrest of those men in his State
who are giving aid and comfort to the enemy, if
the laws are not sufficient already, and certainly
I shall vote most cheerfully with him for the pas-
sage of such a bill. Then we shall have the matter
regulated by law, and there will be no assump-
tion of unwarranted power.
The Senator says that some persons allow them-
selves to be troubled with constitutional scruples,
and he does not; and that these arrests grow out
of the necessity of the times. Sir, it is in just
such times as these that the greatest danger arises.
It is in just such times as these that the founda-
tions of tyranny and despotism are laid; it is not
when the people are wide awake to their rights.
If you will clothe despotism with iron shoes, going
forth to trample upon the rights of the people, and
bearing chains and fetters to bind their limbs, no
people on earth would ever submit to his sway.
But, sir, the despot creeps upon the people una-
wares. It is under the plea of necessity; under
the pretense that it is necessary he should assume
unwarranted powers for the purpose of preserving
the Government or the public peace; and then,
when the powers are assumed, and the people are
bound hand and foot, they have not the ability
to extricate themselves from the tyranny that is
imposed upon them.
Now, sir, no harm, I apprehend, can grow out
of an inquiry of this character, because, if the
reply of the Secretary of State should show that
airests have been made, and that there is no law
for them, and that there is a necessity for exer-
cising a power of this kind, will it not be better,
I ask my friend from Connecticut, for us to pass
a law, and have these things done under the law (
Then, why not let the inquiry be made, so that
we may know whether there is a necessity for
any such law or not? Why undertake to justify
and commend the exercise of admitted usurpa-
tion, which I understand the Senator from Con-
necticut to do? Sir, I will never commend it.
Under particular circumstances, I may have ex-
cused some acts for doing which the warrant of
law could not, perhaps, at the time be found; but,
sir, I will never commend the usurpation of power
by any person. I would avoid it on all occasions.
I would stand by the Constitution as we have it.
I would no more permit our own officeis to vio-
late it now, when Congress is together and can j
clothe them with the necessary authority, than if j
wo were at peace. !
I hope, sir, that the resolution, which is a sim- !
pie resolution of inquiry, will be permitted to I
pass; and I am sorry it could not have passed j
without opposition. j
Mr.DIXON. Mr.President,theSenatorspeaks i
of this as a resolution of inquiiy, as if it were ]
merely suggesting an inquiry to some committee, j
A resolution of that kind I should not perhaps j
have opposed, unless it might be presumed from |
it that wo had some doubt with regard to the pro- j
priety of the action of the Executive. This is a I
resolution of inquiry, to be sure; but, sir, it is an i
inquiry addressed directly to the Executive, ask- ::
ingthatbranch oftheGovcrnmentwhatithasdone ['
with regard to the arrest of certain citizens of the !:
United States in the loyal States of the Union. !'
Now, sir, to pass this resolution, it seems to 1;
me, implies, very directly, a doubt with regard to |
the propriety of the action of the Executive, and j;
therefoio upon that ground I said that I should not j ■
vote for it; because I would not even question the |j
propriety of their action under the circumstances,
which were well known to the country; and hence
the Senator says (misrepresenting me, I think,
unintentionally) that I have justified admitted
usurpation, that I have sneered at the idea of con-
stitutional scruples. WeIJ,sir, if I have justified
admitted usurpation, then the action of the Gov-
ernment upon this subjectisadmittedusurpation.
It may be admitted by the Senator himself: by
me, sir, it is denied. I say there has been no
usurpation and no despotism. There has been an
exercise of extraordinary powers rendered neces-
sary by the condition in which -we were placed.
The Senator says (and I confess I was surprised
at the tone of his remarks upon this question) that
there was no necessity for the exercise of extraor-
dinary powers by the executi vegovernment during'
the last six months. Is it necessary to remind
Senators of what we have passed through?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know the Senator does
not mean intentionally to misrepresent me; but I
said in the loyal States of the Union where courts
were held.
Mr. DIXON. There is the very place where
the necessity existed. In the disloyal States of
the Union we were excluded; we had no jurisdic-
tion; we. had no possession. Talk about arrest-
ing people in the States which have seceded when
those States defy our power, when they exclude
us, when we cannot enter twenty miles within
them! Why, sir, of course the resolution refers
to the loyal States of the Union. I say that is
the very place where the exercise of this power
was necessary.
It is not necessary for me to recall the attention
of the Seriate to the condition of the country for
the last six months. Let us go back for a single
instant to the case where there was anattempton
the part of the military of Massachusetts to pass
through the city of Baltimore,and their right was
denied, and a committee came to Washington and
protested against the city of Baltimore being used
as a passage way for the military of Massachu-
setts on their way to the defense of this capital.
The President was actually compelled by neces-
sity—he being almost powerless—to temporize
with those men; the whole city of Washington
was in terror; the whole country was alarmed as
to the safety of this capital. Should the President
of the United States, then, under such extraordi-
nary circumstances, sit down to inquire whether
the Constitution of the United Statesallowed him
to arrest a citizcn of the United States in the State
of Connecticut who was known to sympathize
with these rebels 111 arms?
I confess I never have heard anything in the
Senate which filled me with more astonishment
than the remarks which have fallen from the Sen-
ator from Illinois; and they have strengthened me
in the opinion that this resolution ought not to
pass. He talks about the whim and caprice of
the Secretary of State. Sir, I deny here, on be-
half of that officer of the Government, thathehas
been actuated by whim and caprice. I say he
was compelled to take the course he did; and, if
he had not, he himself would have been a moral
traitor. Now, if we are told that we ought to
pass laws providing for such cases in the future,
I have not the least objection. If the Senator re-
fers to the future, very well. Let him make a
law, if he can, which shall define the powers of
the President in such a case. Let it be a prece-
dent for the future; let it be a guide for the future,
if we should ever be placed hereafter in similar
circumstances. But when the Senator proposes
to go back six months, and inquire of the Secre-
tary whom he has arrested, why he has arrested
him, and for what reason; and when he talks about
innocent persons being arrested, and then dis-
charged, I cannot comment upon it. I can only
express my surprise that language like thatshould
fall from a Senator known to be so devoted as he is
to the cause of the country and the Constitution.
Now, sir, I have stated my reason for not voting
for this resolution. It is because it more than
implies a doubt as to the propriety of the action
of the Executive. That which has fallen from the
Senator is the very course of comment which is
generally made by the opponents of the Govern-
ment, those who are well known to be enemies of
the country; although many of them assume the
the guise—the deceitful, seductive, wicked,abom-
inable, treasonable guise—of pretended friendship
to the Government; yet who are the most danger-
