1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gles but strengthens, and every disbursement .of
means gives life to a thousand more energies to
supply. Aid to such worthy objeGts as now ask
it, by which the people will feel they are remem-
bered and their interests guarded, will stir deeper
the popular heart, and create more and greater re-
sources by doubling the energy, economy, and,
above all, the willingness of the people.
Sir, this measure is just, demanded by the best
interests of our people, and I hope it will receive
the sanction of the House.
Mr. MORRIS addressed the House on the sub-
ject of the bill. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. ] hope my colleague will
give way to permit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yielding for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move theamendment which
I send to the Clerk's desk as an additional section
to the original bill.
Mr. ARNOLD. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that there are two amendments pending,
and that no further amendments can be received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that there
are three or four amendments pending to the sub-
stitute, but none to the original bill. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is there-
fore in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following as an
additional section to the original bill:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enactcd, That there be appro-
priated $100,000,000 to slackwater the Susquehanna river
from its mouth to its source, In New York, and then for
constructing a ship canal to Lake Brie at or near Buffalo.
I offer that amendrflknt for the purpose of show-
ing that we are not selfish, that we are willing to
take our full share of the many millions which
these internal improvements will cost. But, air,
to say nothing of that, I believe this is the most
feasible scheme that has been offered. The Sus-
quehanna river has water in it, whereas the Il-
linois river has sometimes only, and I have great
fears that if you open a communication to it from
the lake to furnish water for the river, you will
drain the lake and find nothing but dry land.
[Laughter.]
But if you slackwater the Susquehanna a few
hundred miles up into New York, and then build
a canal to Lake Erie, you will have navigation for
your gunboats all the year round, except a short
time in the winter when it will be frozen over.
To be sure the cost may be considerable, but in
a matter of this kind $200,000,000 is nothing. At
any rate, I should judge so from the number of
gentlemen who have gravely discussed this ques-
tion as if they were in earnest. I did not at first
suppose it would be possible to get as many votes
for this project as we have had speeches for it to-
day; but, sir, recollecting that an election is close
at hand, and that such a measure would be very
useful in navigating the shoals that may lie in the
channels of some of these gentlemen, I am very
glad they have gone to work to clear them out.
Now, Mr. Speaker, look at the absurdity of the
statements you have heard on this floor to-day.
In the first place gentlemen are to have a war with
Great Britain in sixty or at furthest ninety days.
WAre sure there will be war, because Great
Britain has taken up the cause of the light women
of New Orleans. [Laughter.] I remember to
have read some time since that woman was causa
belli ante H/.lenam, but I had no idea that those
females were going to be the cause of the war.
[Renewed laughter.] I think all this is done as
an embellishment to the canals which these gen-
tlemen are so industriously digging through this
House.
Now, sir, in these sixty days, or ninety days at
furthest, you will have war with Great Britain,
and these gunboats will be needed on the northern
lakes. Well, my friend from New York [Mr.
Olin] says it will take five years to construct this
Illinois and Michigan canal. My friend thinks it
will take four yearsand a half instead of five; and
we are to go to work and dig this canal instead of
building them on the lake shore, or buying them
and fitting them up, which can be doneatany time
on sixty days' notice.
Mr. ARNOLD. I suppose it is the policy of
the gentleman to misrepresent what is said. If it
is not, I beg to say that the gentleman does not
report me correctly.
it would require less
Mr. STEVENS. I shall be very glad to give
the gentleman an opportunity of correcting him-
self.
Mr. ARNOLD. I said nothing about its taking
four years and a half to construct the Illinois and
Michigan canal.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from New
York said it would take five years to complete it.
The gentleman from Illinois replied that it would
not take quite that.
Mr. ARNOLD. I said
time than that.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman said it would
take less time, and as four years and a half was
a little less time, I thought it was perhaps that
period which the gentleman intended to indicate,
[laughter,] and until the gentleman names some
other period, I shall suppose my statement was
correct.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask the gentleman to give way
to permit me to offer an amendment in connection
with his, which he may have the benefit of in his
comments on the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. When I have finished what
I have to say, the gentleman may offer it. If the
gentleman's amendment, however, is offered as a
speech, I Will give him a chance to makeaspeech.
Mr. FOUICE. Not at all.
Mr. STEVENS. The great argument in favor
of this bill in favor of constructing these canals,
is to get the gunboats into the lakes because Great
Britain is about to declare war. If Great Britain
is to wait four years and a half for this Michigan
and Illinois canal to be finished, her heat about
these New Orleans women will have cooled off,
[laughter,] and the gunboats may not be wanted
after all.
But suppose Great Britain does declare war;, I
admit she might send her gunboats in about sixty
days into the lakes through the Welland canal.
But, in the mean time, ten thousand of the men we
are imw wasting and destroying could go there
and blow up and destroy the Welland canal so
that England's gunboats could no more get round
the falls than we could. There would be an end
to that argument.
Now, then, if you want to send a flotilla of gun-
boats from New York or Boston to the lakes—
and there is the place to bring them—I admit that
the enlargement of the Erie canal is the proper
means of accomplishing it. Let me suggest, how-
ever, that when you have reached Rochester you
are within nine miles of Lake Ontario. You may
then enlarge the Erie canal to Rochester, and by
digging a canal to Lake Ontario, float your gun-
boats into Lake Ontario, which is below the falls;
then complete the enlargement to Buffalo, and you
may float them into Lake Erie, which is above
the falls. You will then have access to both lakes
at once. But when you bring your gunboats into
the lakes at Chicago, you will have no way of
getting them into Lake Ontario except to lun the
falls, which is said to be a little perilous in the
spring of the year. [Laughter.] Another argu-
ment m favor of this scheme, if you are to accom-
plish this purpose at all, is that upon the Erie
canal you have only to enlarge the locks and nine
miles of new canal to dig, against the long distance
of new canal in Illinois.
Mr.OLIN. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania were a little better acquainted with
the geography of New York than he seems to be,
he would see that a canal from Rochester to Lake
Ontario, and from Rochester to Buffedo, would not
avail for the purpose which wo have in view; for
neither of those places would give us a suitable
outlet to the ocean.
Mr. STEVENS. I proposed that if they would
enlarge their water communications from New
York up to that point,ltwould be the better plan.
That by itself would have something in it, and
would answer all the purposes which both these
impracticable projects propose. I admit that I am
not so well acquainted with New York as the
gentfeman. Perhaps it would be cheaper to en-
large the canal already made; but I do not know
how far, in these times, I should be disposed to
favor it.
But the other is a project which it will take years
to finish, and which will cost millions upon mil-
lions of dollars. It is much easier to go up the
Susquehanna according to my plan than to go
three thousand miles up the Mississippi river, then
up the lake, and then to make a river to the upper
lakes. I am aware that my project is not suffi-
ciently appreciated by the House at this time; that
it will require three or four months to have it
printed and properly digested; and I move, there-
fore, that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until the fitst Monday in January
next, and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question1.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to be the desire of
those around me that I should insist on the de-
mand for the previous question; and therefore I
decline to withdraw it.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers on the pre
vious question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Wasiiborne were appointed.
The previous question was seconded, the tellers
having reported—ayes 61, noes 42; and the main
question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken, and'it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley, Ancona, Babbitt,
Baily, Biddle, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Cobb, Frederick
A. Conkling, Cravens, Crisfield, Ciittenden, CuUer, Davis,
Dunlap, Onnn, Kd^erton, Edwards.English, Fisher,Good!,
Goodwin, Grider, Harding, Holman, Johnson, Law, Loo-
mis, McKniglit, McPherson, Mallor.v, Maynard, Menzie?,
Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Ntlgen, Paiton,
Alexander il. Rice, John II Rice,Edwaid 0. Rollins, Shef-
field, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stratton, Train,
Trimble, Vailandigham, Verree, Wadswoith, Wallace,
Webster, Wilson, and Worcester—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
Icy, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B.
Blair,Blake, Geoige II. Browne, Bullinton, Casey, Cbam-
berlin, Clark, Coil'ax, Roscoe Conkling, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, .Fessenden, Fouke, Franehot,
Frank, Granger, Julian, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing,
Lovcjoy, Odoll, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter,
Riddle, James S. Itollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Sherman. Spaulding, John B. Steele, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wall, Walton,
Waid, Washhurno, Wheeler, Whaley, Alberts. White,
and Wood—58.
So the motion to postpone was disagreed to.
Daring the vote,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that he was paired
with Mr. Shiel.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Gurley; that he was
against the bill, while his colleague was for it; and
that while he would have voted for the postpone-
ment, his colleague would have voted against it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Price, who was for the bill, had
paired with his colleague, Mr. Norton, who was
against it.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Sloan, who would have voted for the
postponement, while he would have voted against
it.
Mr. JOHNSON announced that his colleague,_
Mr. Wright, had just gone home on account of
injmies which he had received several days ago.
Mr. COLFAX announced that his colleague,
Mr. Porter, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. FOUKE announced that his colleagues,
Messrs. Rich ARDsoNand Robinson, were detained
from the House by illness.
Mr. DAVIS stated that his colleague, Mr. Leh-
man, was still sick in Philadelphia.
Mr. RIDDLE said that his colleagues, Messrs.
Noble and Edgerton, were paired.
Mr. ODELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Haight, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE hoped that the previous
question would be seconded, so as to keep the bill
alive before the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
On a division on the motion to adjourn, there
were—ayes 60, noes 42.
Mr. FOUIvE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley, Ancona, Bab-
bitt, Raily, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, bamuel S.
Blair, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling. Iteeoe Conkling, Cox,
