1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20n
office of Congress to determine, by law, whether
the general condition of the country requires the
suspension. But so far as this is not already
answered, I propose now to consider it.
My colleague, [Mr. Pendleton,] in his speech
upon the subject, says, after quoting this habeas
corpus clause:
"This is certainly a provision, as the President well re-
marks, that, in case of rebellion or invasion, when the pub-
lic safety may requite it, the privilege of the writ may be
buspeiuled."
It is entirely evident that in this, the Prcsidont
and my colleague are right, and that this clause
is equivalent to a command that when in rebellion
or invasion the public safety requires it, this priv-
ilege shall be suspended by somebody. It is a
legislative definition, and an affirmative grant of
power to somebody. That is, the Constitution
itself has legislated upon and has definitely ascer-
certained, defined, and fixed the only two condi-
tions of the country in which any one can be de-
nied this privilege. It has prohibited its being
denied in any other state of the country than these
two defined; and has enjoined it to be denied in
these two, not as to the body of the people at large,
for that cannot be done at any time,butasto such
ones as the public safety requires should be de-
prived of it. It thus is made evident that the
state, degree, or standard of the general danger
of society which alone authorizes this " privi-
lege" to bo denied to any individual, is as unalter-
bly fixed and defined by the legislation of the Con-
stitution as it is possible in its natuie to be. Itis
just because this general degree of danger is thus
defined and fixed by the Constitution, that the
power of Congress over the matter of what shall
bo the general state of public danger which shall
authorize this suspension of the privilege to indi-
viduals is excluded totally. How perfectly evi-
dent this is. Could Congress say that the public
danger which shall permit this suspension shall
be rebellion "and" invasion, instead of rebellion
"or" invasion. No one will so assert. Therefore,
so fur as the general safety of the country is con-
cerned in authorizing this suspension, a rebellion
or an invasion existing furnishes the only stand-
ard of public danger which any power in the
Government can establish relating to the general
state of the Republic.
The only condition which is left, therefore, un-
fixed by the Constitution, and as to which any
power in the Government has any discretion or
choice to exert, is that one as to who shall be de-
nied the " privilege" of discharge on bail. And
the rule fixed by the Constitution for controlling
that, the only discietion and choice left by the
Constitution to be exercised, is that the suspen-
sion must be of the privilege to those who endan-
ger the pnbl ic safety. A s the general danger is fixed
by the Constitution to be in " rebellion" or " in-
vasion," Congress cannot legislate as to these.
These arc conditions of fact and not of law, and
that fact that there is or is not a rebellion in the
land cannot be changed by an act of Congress en-
acting that there is or is not one. If, therefore,
there is anything for Congress to do, it is not to
enact that although there is a rebellion yet I en-
act that no one, however much he may endanger
the public safety, shall be denied bail; for that,
we have seen, the Constitution prohibits Congress
from doing. All there is left for Congress to do
is to declare whether there is any man who now
endangers the public safety, and to find him out
and to authorize, not the suspension of the gen-
eral law giving the writ, for that cannot be done,
but the suspension of the " privilege" as to that
dangerous man. This analysis of plots and con-
spiracies, this scrutiny of dens, eaves, mountains,
and military combinations and camps, which must
be constantly and minutely resorted to in order to
decide who it is that must, for the public safety,
be denied this privilege, Congress must practice
and perform, if it be Congtess which mustdecide
this the only matter of discretion and choice which
is in the Constitution. To say that Congress
could, if always in session, when these times of
danger, rcquinngmstant action, occur, discharge
this mere police, military, or Executive function
of detecting, arresting, and holding dangerous con-
spirators, is supremely absurd. But this is all
there is for Congress to do. Congress cannot en-
act that although there is rebellion no one, how-
ever dangerous, shall be arrested and held when
the public safety requires; because the Constitu-
tion says he shall be held who is so dangerous.
Then if Congress legislate at all there are only
two acts it can pass, one ordering particular men
to be arrested'and held; the other ordering that
during the rebellion all who endanger the public
safety be so arrested and held. The former Con-
gress cannot do, unless Congress turn constable
to find out who are dangerous; the latter it need
not do, because the Constitution itself has done it
long before. For Congress to meet and do this
last, would be precisely the same, and as sense-
less, as for Congress to enact that the President
be authorized to veto an act of Congress and to
give his reasons therefor.
It will be seen, from whathasbeennowsaid,Mr.
Chairman,howgrcatthe fallacy is which attempts
to reason as to the powers of Congress over this
writ from the analogies of the English constitu-
tion. The fact is, our Constitution has done what
Parliament does do. It has enacted and defined
when the country is in the condition to authorize
conspirators to be deprived of the " privilege" of
bail. Our constitutional convention, under our
system, did the legislation which, in England,
Parliament (which is both a constitutional con-
vention and a legislature) can and does do; and
in both countries these supreme legislatures do all
that the nature of the case admits of being done,
to wit, authorizes the executives, in times of de-
fined and specified general danger to the State, to
arrest and hold those who endanger that State.
The only difference m the two countries is that
in ours thp supreme legislation of the Constitution
permits this denial of the privilege only in two kinds
of war, and never in peace, and this is unalterable
and irrepealable by Congress; whereas, in Eng-
land, Pailiament can, at any time of peace or war,
authorize the executive to do the same. And this
is English practice.
Mr. Chairman, the relations of the departments
of this Government to each other, furnish an-
other very conclusive consideration in support of
what I argue. That within their spheres the three
departments of our Government, executive, le-
gislative, and judicial, are coordinate and inde-
pendent, and that " the powers of one ought not
to be exercised by either of the others," (2 Story's
Constitution, sec. 1416,) is simply a truism of
our governmental theory. To require that Con-
gress or the judges should assent before the Pres-
ident shall " see that the laws are executed," or
to compel him to adopt the plans of Congress for
the exercise and execution of his constitutional
military powers, is notmerelyto deprive this Gov-
ernment entiiely of an Executive and to substitute
the old " committee of Congress" of the Confed-
eration, but it is to force upon the Constitution a
legislative usurpation of executive functions a hun-
dred fold worse than that proposed and voted down
in the constitutional convention. (Federalist, 70,
&c.) The President alone commands the Army
and militia in enforcing the laws and suppressing
rebellion. He must swear that to the best of his
ability he will do this. His command of these
forces can "not be exerciscd by either of the
other" departments. (Story.)
Now, all this being the plainest and the univer-
sally admitted law of the Constitution, I inquire
whether it shall be permitted that Congress shall
say to the President, you shall notarrcst, without
my leave, a single conspirator who is engaged
secretly in planning and heading the rebellion,
although you may deem it absolutely essential to
the fulfillment of your constitutional oath, and to
the overthrow of the lebellion? You shall not
arrest this conspirator without the leave of Con-
gress, although you know that his arrest is ne-
cessary to deliver the capital of the Government
and the Government itself from destruction, which
Merryman and his confederates have planned,
and on the memorable 19th of April began to exe-
cute in the blood with which they have drenched
the streets of Baltimore. No, sir, you must let
! the capital and the Government fall, and await a
meeting of Congress, and at its feet bee; leave to
obey your solemn oath to protect and defend the
Constitution. And if you do, by your Army, of
which you alone are commander, deem it neces-
sary to arrest one of these arch-conspirators and
traitors, then some Chief Justice of the United
States, although one of the conspirators, shall
have the right to discharge his fellow conspirator,
and replaec him at the head of the rebellion, the
Chief Justice, as he discharges his fellow traitor
exclaiming," in no emergency shall you arrestany
citizen exceptin aid of judicial process," and that
although the only power who has jurisdiction to
issue the process is at the head of the rebellion!
Well might Justice Taney exclaim, as he did, that
such law reduces our Constitution to " a guaran-
tee of anarchy." If such be the dependence of
the Executive upon the other departments of the
Government, then verily has the President not
only ceased to be a coordinate branch of the
Government, but he is become the mere toy and.
plaything of anarchy and rebellion.
But, sir, the power and duty of the Executive as
a civil magistrate to employ the militia and Army
in executing the laws independently of and with-
out judicial process has been uniformly acknowl-
edged by Congress ever since we had a Govern-
ment. This is expressly done in theactof 1795,
which empowers him, whenever he thinks best, to
call out the militia to suppress insurrection, and
makes him the exclusive judge as to the necessi-
ties of resorting to military force, (7 Howard, 1.)
This is also clone in the act of March 3, 1807,
section one hundred and seventy-one, which au-
thorizes the President to defend against intruders
the public lands by the use of the Army and with-
out any judicial process. It is also done in the act
of 30th June, 1834, by which persons and prop-
erty in the Indian country may be seized and re-
moved by the Army without any proccss of law,
under the direction and regulations of the Presi-
dent of the United States. All this legislation,as
old and well-established as the Government itself,
is based upon the assumption that the Executive
may without judicial process employ the Army in
executing the laws without violating the Consti-
tution; for if this employment of the Army by the
President thus to enforce the laws be against the
Constitution, then manifestly Congress cannot
authorize any such unconstitutional employment
of the military forces of the Government; and all
this long and uniform and unquestioned legisla-
tion which began with the very formation of the
Constitution, and continues to this day,isuncon-
stitutional and void.
Mr. Chairman, this legislative interpretation of
the Constitution furnishes one of the most con-
clusive refutations of tins monstrous assertion of
the Chief Justice that the military can never, " in
any emergency," be employed by the Piesident
except to aid in the execution o? some process
which has been issued by the courts. It is at
war with the whole current of American legisla-
tion.
I now consider the affirmative argument which
is based upon judicial authority. That the pre-
cise principle, and also the full force of the author-
ity I shall cite may be seen and felt, it is proper
here to state the legal position those assume who
deny the power of the President to arrest and
hold these dangerous men, m time of rebellion.
John Merryman, of Baltimore, was, by order of
the military authority of the United States, ar-
rested and confined in Fort McHenry, upon the
25th of May, 1861. This was after one third of
the States of this Union had declared their with-
drawal from that Union, and their adhesion to a
foreign and hostile government; after ail the ju-
dicial powers of the Federal Government in every
one of these Statcs'was completely stricken down,
and not only powerless for the defense of the laws
and Government of the United States within these
revolted States, but the officers of those Federal
courts, the judges, marshals, and juries, were
leading or aiding in the overthrow of the Govern-
ment. It was after the capital of the nation was
invested and beleaguered by vast armies marched
upon the capital with the declared purpose of
totally overthrowing the Government of the Uni-
ted States, of taking possession of the seat of its
power, destroying all the constitutional officers of
the Government, seizing upon and appropriating
to its rebel government all the archives, insignia,
and instruments of the sovereignty of the United
States. It was after Merryman and his co-con-
spirators had—as there is the highest reason to
believe—destroyed the bridges and roads by which
alone the armies of the United States could, and
were seeking to, reach the capital of the nation
for its defense against these armies so menacing
the very existence of the Government. It was
after these conspirators in Baltimore had secretly
prepared the arms and powerful combinations of
rebel conspirators to carry their State over to the
