1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
colleague to resign their seats, because as the Le-
gislature believed they v/ere not loyally, and ac-
cording to the principles and opinions of the State,
representing the State. On the 20th of February,
one of theSenatorsfrom Minnesota [Mr. Wilkin-
son] introduced a resolution for the expulsion of
my colleague. Fifteen days have elapsed, and
there has been no report. The Legislature of Ken-
tucky are now in session, and they want to know
what will be the action of the Senate upon the
resolution to expel my colleague. One House of
the Legislature, after the resignation of Mr. Breck-
inridge, and after my calleague declined to resign,
passed a resolution requesting the Senate to ex-
amine into his loyalty, and if found disloyal, to
remove lnm by expulsion. The other branch of
the Legislature deemed it indelicate to press the
Senate upon that point, and refused to act upon
it. That body is now in session, and it wishes
to adjourn in the course of a week or a short time.
I have received many letters from the prominent
Union members ofthat body inquiring of me what
will be the action of the Senate upon the subject,
for this reason: if my colleague is to be retained
in his seat, they want to know it, that they may
acquiesce; if my colleague is to be removed as a
member from this body, they want to know it,
that they may send his successor here, who will
truly represent the opinions and the loyalty of
that State in this body, by their own election.
They are unwilling to take a recess, and then to
permit a disloyal and a traitorous Governor to se-
lect a Senator who shall represent the State of
Kentucky in the room of my colleague, if he be
expelled from the body.
These are the reasons which they have as-
signed for asking my attention to this subject, and
requesting me to ascertain at some convenient and
reasonable time, what disposition the Senate in-
tends to make of the subject. I call it up in this
manner this morning, to know of the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary when it is J
probable that the subject uftll be reported by that
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not hear the Sena-
tor's proposition, and do not know exactly what
is pending; but I will answer the question which
1 understood liim to ask at the conclusion of his
remarks. The Committee on the Judiciary have
had under consideration the case of the Senator's
colleague, and have made some examination in
reference to it; but our pressing engagements have
been such that we have not been able to report
upon it up to this time. I can say to the Senator
from Kentucky that his colleague is anxious that
it should be pressed to an early decision, and the
committee have given the case all the attention
they could, consistent with other piessing en-
gagements, and it will be reported to the Senate
atthe very earliest moment that the committee can
dispose of it consistent with other pressing en-
gage that are upon them.
Mr. DAVIS. That answers my purpose. I
merely wanted to bring the attention of the chair-
man of the committee to the subject.
Mr. POWELL. I have been a liftle astonished
at the zeal of my colleague in this matter. I do
not intend now to enter into any discussion; and
I had not proposed, until the committee reported,
and every Senator in this Chamber who desired to
do so had given his views on the subject, to open
my mouth in regard to it; but I will say to my col-
league, to the Senate, and to the country, that I am
anxious this investigation should go on. As the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the Jud i-
ciary has said, 1 have pressed the committee as far
as [ could with delicacy to act upon it. The com-
mittee, I will do them the justice to say, have
given every indication that they wish to dispatch
it, and have given it as much attention, 1 think,
as the pressing business before them wouid per-
mit.
My colleague has chosen to speak of the acts ot
the Kentucky Legislature. I think he is mistaken
upon one matter of fact. He says alter my col-
league, the predecessor of the gentleman, (Mr.
Breckinridge,) and myself had been asked to re-
sign, and 1 had refused to do so, one branch of
the Kentucky Legislature passed a resolution ask-
ing the Senate to inquire into my case. 1 tlunk
my colleague is utterly mistaken in that. I do
not think either branch of the Leg.Mature lias
taken action upon the subject since that resolution
of instruction was passed. [ know that at a pre-
vious session, one member of the lower House
introduced a resolution of that kind; but it never
was acted upon within my knowledge. My col-
league, I suppose, falls into the mistake from the
fact that when the original resolution was pre-
sented, asking my then colleague and myself to
resign, it was accompanied by a resolution that,
unless we complied, the Senate should investigate
our conduct. The resolution in that form passed
the Senate; it was sent to the House; but the
House refused to concur in it in that form, and
simply passed a resolution requesting us to resign,
and in that form it was concurred in by the Sen-
ate. That is the fact, as 1 understand. As to
any such action since that resolution was passed
as that indicated by my colleague, I can only say
I have not heard of it, and I have been a pretty
close and attentive observer of the action and
doings of the Legislature.
While I am up, I will simply say to the Sen-
ate, that so far as the action of the Kentucky Le-
gislature and myself are concerned, it is a matter
between me and my constituents. At a proper
time, when I shall be heard, I will make it appar-
ent to this body and to the world that my action
during the last session of Congress was perfectly
in accordance with the resolves of the Kentucky
Legislature then upon the statute-book, was per-
fectly in accordance with the views of the people
of Kentucky, as expressed in the resolutions of
all the political organizations of that State, and
that the Legislature have asked me to resign for
doing what they said ought to be done, to wit,
endeavoring to maintain the strict neutrality of
Kentucky.
I will say furthermore that a friend of mine,
when those resolutions were pending in the Legis-
lature, proposed as an amendment to the resolu-
tions, to submit the question to the people of
Kentucky as to whether the Senators from that
State should resign or not, and the Legislature
declined to do it. I told the gentleman before he
offered that amendment, that if that test were
agreed to, I would abide it, and he might so state
in his place to the House. Whether lie made the
statement or not, I do not know. Heoifered the
resolution.
I say now, that, whether I retain this seat^ or
not, whenever I can have a proper hearing befoie
the people of Kentucky, I am willing to submit
my action to them; and if they decree, upon full
investigation of my conduct here, that 1 do not
truly represent them, I shall resign my seat; but
there is a difference between the Kentucky Legis-
lature and myself. I think that I fairly and fully
represented the will of the people of my State, as
expressed in every form, at the time when I cast
the votes of which complaint is made. I was then
willing, and I am now willing, to leave that mat-
ter to the people of Kentucky. It is a matter with
which, I suppose, this Senate 1ms nothing to do.
I hope the Judiciary Committee may, as promptly
as they can consistently with the public interests,
make a report upon my case, and then I hope the
Senate will take it up and continue with it till it is
disposed of. That is my wish. I have no wish
to delay it a single moment. I will say further,
while 1 am up, that I do not propose to make any
l-cmaiks, after the case is reported, until every
Senator who desires to be heard shall have spoken,
and then I shall ask the permission of the Senate
to make a statement in my vindication. I shall
wait patiently and silently to hear what every Sen-
ator says; and then, according to my own judg-
ment, 1 shall make a brief statement. That is all
I ask. I shall not delay action in any foim or in
any manner.
Mr. DAVIS. In relation to the action which
I stated one of the Houses of the Legislature of
Kentucky had taken upon the subject of my col-
league's resignation, he may be right in point of
fact; but if he is, 1 am misinfoimed. Members
of the Senate of the Legislature of Kentucky have
told me that that body passed such a resolution;
and I have no doubt that they did pass such a
resolution. I do not propose at this time to enter
with my colleague into the investigation of the
question whether he has represented^ the people
of Kentucky or not. It will be sufficient to enter
upon thatinquiry when the resolution of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, whatever it may be, shall
have been reported. When the repoit shall be
made, I shall be ready to enter upon that mves-
i tigation.
CTTI/TIVATION OF COTTON LANDS.
Mr. FOSTER. I present thepetition of Messrs.
C. H. Marshall, P. Perit, William F. Have-
meyer, A. A. Low, Morris Ketchum, Shepherd
Knapp, and divers other eminent citizens of the
city of New York, calling the attention of .Con-
gress to the condition of the cotton lands on the
coast of South Carolina and Georgia, now in our
possession,and to the condition of the blacks upon
the plantations there, and asking legislation. As
a better argument than any I could make myself *
for taking up the bill (S. No. 201) which is before
the Senate on this subject, I beg to ask that the
petition may be read; it will ocdupy not more
than two or three mirtutes.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of New York, respectfully rep-
resent to your honorable body, that they view with deep
concern certain facts set forth in a recent report to tlje Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury, as the results of an official inquiry
concerning the condition of property held by the military
and naval forces of the United States on the coast of South
Carolina, and from which it appears—
1. That, notwithstanding the destruction of alarge quan-
tity of cotton by the rebels, and notwithstanding the irrcg-
ulai, imperfect, and necestanly improvident manner in
which the remainder has been secured, it is estimated that
a veiy large sum of money will be received into the Treas-
ury of the United States, as the proceeds of sale of the cot-
ton already gathered from the plantations now within the
military lines,
2. That the slaves by whose labor this cotton was pro-
duced still remain, with immaterial exceptions, upon their
respective plantations.
3. That while large quantities of corn, also the product
of the labor of these slaves, have been taken from the plan-
tations for the use of the Army, the supply of food for the
slaves themselves is already, m many cases, stinted and
piecarious, and is likely to become more so.
4. That the supply of clothing which has customarily
been procmed for the*slaves by their owners, and paid for
out of the proceeds of the cotton crop, is to the prescnttime
withheld irom them.
f>. That the chief military authority and representative
of the Government at Poit Royal has solicited charity to
provide for the wants thus originating.
6. That there appears to be no rear-on to doubt that the
labor of these destitute pcfrons would, under proper direc-
tion, again produce crops of cotton and corn, the proceeds
of winch would lar more than suffice to reimbui&e the Gov-
ernment lor the necussary expense of providing in a liberal
manner foi all their immediate wants.
' 7. That the season during which the ground should be
prepai ed foi the planting of cotton is already nearly passed.
8. That little or no work has as yet been done in prepara
tion for such a ciop, hut that a large part of the laboring
population is livincin idleness.
9. That this idleness is not attributable to any indisposi-
tion to woik on the part of these people, nor to any diffi-
culty growing out of the military occupation, which it is not
practicable to remove at insignificant cost.
Id. That the direct loss bv delaying for a few weeks the
removal of these difficulties 'cannot reasonably he estimated
at less than $1,000,000, while it may not improbably amount
to a much larger sum. fn view of these several facts, the
undesigned respectfully submit to your honorable body
that the occasion for the passage ot an act of Congress, di-
recting and providing ways and means for the efficient em-
ployment of this laboring population, is one of extreme
uisrency, and is recommended alike by considerations of
econonn , humanity, justice, and the national honor.
The undersigned are not unawaie that since the date of
the leport m question measures have been taken to give
agricultural occupation to some of the negroes for whom
their chm ity is solicited by the Government; but while they
regard this as an acknowledgment of the propriety and ne-
cessity of action on the part of the Government to remove
the discouragements to labor which at picsent exist, they
consider that the measures referred to arc wholly inade-
quate to the emergency, and that the result, without the
parage of such an act of Congress as has been suggested,
will be a disastrous failure to meet the obligation assumed.
For the immediate passage of such an act, therefore, the
undersigned most respectfully make this their petition.
Nkvv York, 1862.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all other
orders and take lip Senate bill No. 201, on that
i very subject.
! Mr. GRIMES. I hop* we shall go through
{ with the business of the morning hour. I have
| been trying to get in a resolution for the last'two
j or three days, which I should like to offer,
j Mr. WADE. I hope we shall take up this bill,
. I if it is the intention that we shall ever do anything
|i on the subject, it is evident from the paper just
ji read, that'if any legislation is to be had upon the
|i subject, we are already sufficiently late,and shall
|| be fatally so unless v/e take it up now. If it is the
;! sense of the Senate that they will not act on this
'' subject, I shall never press it any further; but if
it is intended to act on it, now is the time.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think that fifteen min-
utes will make a great deal of difference.
Mr. WADE. Fifteen minutes may postpone
l it indefinitely. That is the difficulty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
