2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
rebellion; after their Legislature had planned the
treason by which this conspiracy was to be sanc-
tified by the forms of law, declaring the adhesion
of the State to the rebellion; and after the blood
of the patriot, who was rushing to his country s
deliverance, had, on the 19th of April, A. D. 1861,
rendered the streets of Baltimore holy as the soil
of Lexington, on which was sprinkled the first
blood of the Revolution. And it was just when
every loyal heart in our land was crushing in the
agonies of giief and fear for the utter overthrow
of our institutions, institutions consecrated to
freedom and to God, not by the blood of the Rev-
olution and the prayers and benedictions and
memories of revolutionary ancestors alone, but
by the blessings of the friends of human hopes
aud human liberty in every land where God has
children. Just then it was that Judge Taney ut-
tered the sentiments—in a diatribe delivered in
defense of one of these arch-conspirators, arid in
denunciation of the President's struggles to save
the Government—which I now quote. To appre-
ciate what I quote, it must not be forgotten that
when he uttered it the judicial authorities of the
Federal Government wore then not only over-
thrown in the States where the rebellion was, but
the officers of that judiciary were engaged in the
rebellion.
First, I quote a proposition he cites from the
sixth article of the Constitution, which declares
that—
u In all criminal prosecution^ the accused sliall enjoy the
right to n spcedvand public tual hy an impartial jury of the
State and flu-mot wherein the enmo shall have boon com-
muted, whtcU district t-hall have been previously ascer-
tained by law."
I next quote what is on the following page of
that opinion in cxparte Morryman as follows:
" lean sec no giound whatever (or ^nppo-ins that the
President, in anv emergency or in anv -^i.ue ot thing*, can
authorize tin4 suspension of'tlie pnvileae ol'the writ ot ha-
beas corpus, or airest a citizen, except in aid of the judicial
power.'5
He then goes on to show that the Government
of the United States has not the power of self-
preservation , and to piove Llmt it has nut, he say*:
'• Nor can any argument be drawn fiom the natute ofYov-
oreignty ot the nece*-'ihe-' of gov.1'lament f<u self deioiwe
in times ol* tumult and danger. The Government of the
United State-, is one of de|e at-Ml and Iinihed poweis/*
This meaning, if it means anything, that the
powers of the Government uu; so limited that it has
not the power of solf-defenso. He also says the
President " is not empoweied to arrest anyone
charged with an oflense against the United States
and whom he may, fiom the evidence bcfoie him,
believe to be guilty, nor can he authorize any oifi-
eer, civil or military, to exeicise this power."
This he declares the President cannot do "in any
emergency" or "in any state of things." These
propositions have the merit of being plain and
unmistakable. The Piesident can, in no ichelhon
or "danger" or "tumult," "in no emergency ""or
state of things "ever an est, or "auihouze an}* oift-
cer, civil or military, to airest, any citizen." 1
want my countrymen to mark well these words,
aud the condition of the country at the time they
were uttered; and having done so, pioceed with
me to the consideration of the doctrines and lan-
guage of this same man upon another occasion,
muftouching the powers of the President in the
suppression of another rebellion, but one in a more
northern latitude.
Martin Luther was a citizen of Massachusetts,
and Captain Child and his company of infantry
were ordeicd to arrest him, and, if necessary, to
break open his house for that purpose, as one
accustd of aiding and abetting the Dorr rebellion
in Rhode Island". The President of the United
States had taken measures to call out the miluia
of the States to aid the Govei nor of Rhode Island
m putting down the lebelhon m which Luther
was " aucttinir," and Chief Justice Taney (7
Howatd, '14) decLu es that this interference of the
President, "by announcing his determination,
was as effectual as if the militia had been assem-
bled under his orders, and it should be equally
authoinative." It does not appeal that tins Lu-
ther had actually been in the army. lie, in tin
plea justifying his attempted anest, aud breaking
his house, is only accused of having " aided and
abetted" the insurrection. No judicial process
was ever issued for him. The older for his ai rest,
was made by a meie military oiHcer, who acted
under the sanction nndauthoiity of the President
as stated above by Judge Taney. Luther sued
these military men for breaking his house to ar-
rest him, and the question which came before the
Supreme Court of the United States was whether
the military authorities,byorderof the President,
and without any judicial process, had the right to
arrest this man and to break his house open for
that purpose in older to suppress this insurrec-
tion which Luther was abetting, and whether the
courts or judges of the United States could med-
dle with this authority of the President. It was
the precise constitutionnland legal question which
was before Taney in the Merryman case. And
how did he then decide it? He not only decided
that the President had the light to use the militia
to arrest this "abettor" of insurrection, and to
break open his house for that purpose, and that
without any judicial process being issued for his
arrest, but lie went 011 to lay down the doctrines
which I now quote, and which I set in contrast
with those he promulgates now ill aid of this re-
bellion for the total overthrow of the Government
upon whose bounty he feeds. He declares, (page
45:)
" Unquestionably a State may use its military powei to
put down aimed ln.suirectioii too stiong to be contioiled
by the civil authority. The power 13 essential to the exig-
ence of every government, essential to the preservation of
outer and free institutions."
I put this declaration of the Supreme Court,
from the lips of Chief Justice Taney, in contrast
with his denial of the powers of the Government
oftheUnited States now to arrest men when neces-
saiy for self-presoi vation, which 1 quote above.
But the part of this opinion to which I invite spe-
cial attention is expressed as follows:
" A tier the President has acted and called nut the militia,
is n count court ol the United State- aulhou/.ed to iiiquiie
whether li.e deci-1011 wasiurhi ' Uould the couit, while the
pal ties were actually contend m2 in aims for the po-se--iou
of the UoveinmentJ call witnesses beiote it and impale
winch [i.n-tv lepie.-cnted a maioritv ot the people > If it could
then it would becomeihe dutv of liic couit, pi ovided it came
to liie conclusion that llie t're-idcnt had dccnlcd luconectiv,
to ih.-chaiite Iho.-e who weie aliened or detained by the
tioops in tile setvice of the United f-tatc-oi ol the Govern-
ment which the 1'reslilent wa- endeavot ing to maintain. If
the judicial pmvci extends to far, then the guaiantcc con-
tained in the Constitution of the United States isa i uaun-
tee of itnaiehy and not oloi'det."—7 Ilowaul, '13.
1-Icic, then, we havo it, set down in a solemn
opinion of the liighestjudicidl tribunal of Ihe Unt-
ied States, and that opinion pionounced by the
author of this Merrynian opinion, not only tlutt
the President, by a military force, may auest a
citizen abetting a lebellion, by a military older and
without judicial process—not onl y that the com ts
cannot interfere, with these arrests by the Pi evi-
dent or discharge his prisoners who have been ar-
rested by the troops in the service of the United
States—not only that this power is essential to the
existence of every government, but wo have it sol-
emnly urged that if the judicial power did extend
.so far as to discharge tliose airested by the Presi-
dent 111 quelling a tobellion, then the guarantees
contained in the Constitution by which the Presi-
dent may suppress such lebellion become guar-
antees ufaiiaichy and not of Older.
A'Ir. Chairman, the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted Stales have decided this mipoitaut question,
and have wisely ficeortli'd to the President this
powet "essential to the existence of every gov-
ernment."
It is no answer to this decision to say that it
derives this power of the Prcsidentfrom the act of
1795; because, first, it does not derive, it alone
from that act, but fiom the " guarantees contained
in the Constitution," as is expressly slated by the
couit; and .-ecoad, because, if the Constitution
does not perm it the Piesident to arrest "any man"
" in any emergency," except in aid of some ju-
dici il process, then the act of 1795 had no right
to authorize Luther to he arrested without judi-
cial process, and the law of 1795, which gave the
11i;lit, must have been held unconstitutional. Bo-
sides, if the act of 1795 authorized the President
to nru'St Luther without process and by mere mil-
itary orders, and to hold him so that the " couit
could not discharge those who were atrested or
detained by the troops in the service of the United
Stales," (7 Ho won d, 43,) then 1 beg to be infoi med
wh y Men yman and bis co-conspirators could not,
also he so arrested and held in virtue of the same
act of 1795.
Mr. Chairman, tin- English drama has written
upon the stones of the forum where conspirators
stubbed Caesar that sentiment which English mo-
rality lias transcribed upon the dishonored tomb
of Jeffreys—
" Judgment, thou art fled to brutish beasts,
Alld men have lost their reason !"
And, sir, history will have done for posterity
her highest offices but poorly should she not re-
cord as headlines of that chapter where she writes
the judicial history of Merryman's treason some
such sentimentof warningas this: the arrow meant
for the heart of the Constitution was barbed by the
head of its own judiciary.
' CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. D1VEN. Mr. Chairman, as a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, to which com-
mittee were referred numerous bills relative to the
confiscation of the property and slaves of rebels,
I was anxious that a written report upon the
whole subject should be made to the House; hut
inasmuch as I was unable to procure such action
upon the part of the committee, I had no means of
submitting my views to the House and the country
except to avail.myself of the opportunity afforded
me in Committee of the Whole.
Nov/, sir, that I may waste no time prelimin-
arily, I propose to come directly to the questions
that 1 regard involved in these measures, and I
propose to consider what power Congress has
over the subject, and what laws we have already
upon our statute-books 111 reference to this ques-
tion. I propose also to consider in the same con-
nection whether there is anything more that Con-
gress can do that we ought to do in reference to
putting down the rebellion hy means of the con-
fiscation of property.
Sir, itis wiser to legislate ill reference to offenses
when there is no presentexcitement upon the sub-
ject. In my judgment itis wiser to legislate when
we can do it dispassionately, and when thereis
110 excitement or pressure upon the legislative
mind. And so far as legislation has been had
upon this matter of putting down that highest
crime of treason against the land, it has been had
in times when there was no present pressure,
when the public mind was not excited. And the
legislation, under these circumstances, has been
had til accordance with the provisions of the Con-
stitution in reference to such a rebellion as now
prevails. It is wise, then, for us to consider
whether these constitutional provisions should be
i regarded,and whether these legislative enactments
die not sufficient for all the purposes which we
have 111 hand.
First, what power have we as a Congress over
the property of the individual? What civil power,
what power of legislation, have we over the per-
son and property of the individual ? How are
the poweis extended by the laws of war, when
the country is in a state of war, ill reference to the
control over the person and property of private
individuals?
I propose to consider all these questions in a
dispassionate manlier. In reference to the au-
thoiity of Congress, we havo this power: we can
by law arrest "the person for crime committed
aganret the laws of the United States. He is en-
titled, being thus arrested, to bail, if his offense
is bailable. He is entitled to the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus m all cases of arrest, that the
legality of the arrest may be tested.
"These ate the privileges guarantied to the per-
son. Then, after we have had him arrested, we
can indict and try him; and after he shall have
been convicted upon trial, wo may punish him
by the extreme penalty of death, or such inferior
punishment as may be prescribed. But hy the
guards which the Constitution has thrown round
the personal right of the individual, he is not to
be deprived of life or liberty but by due process
of law. If any one attempts to restrain him in
his liberty without such due process, he is entitled
to be brought before the court, and be discharged
under the writ of habeas corpus.
But, when the person shall have been tried and
found guilty of the crime charged, Congress has
the power to fix the penalty, the punishment that
shall be inflicted upon his person for that crime,
and, as I have said, 111 case the crime be treason,
that punishment may be the extreme penalty of
death; and if Congress chooses, it may attach the
extreme penalty to any other offense against the
laws of the United States. Congress is not lim-
ited 111 fixing- the penalty as a punishment of crime
against the Government.
