92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
ous men in all the loyal States. I respect far more
to-day Jefferson Davis, so-called president of the
confederate States, than I do those northern men
who now, in the press and before the people, are
attempting to convince the people of the Worth
that Davis, and those who are acting under him,
are only struggling for their rights; and that those
who sympathize with and aid and abet them are
innocent men, and ought not to be disturbed by
the Secretary of State.
Sir, if there has been any fault upon this sub-
ject, it has been, as I have already indicated, a
fault of too much lenity. There has been origi-
nally—I will not say now—a weakness, a feeble-
ness, a system of half measures, half war, half
peace, doubtful, devious, uncertain, questioning
as to the right to do this and that, when the en-
emy were throttling the Government and the Con-
stitution, and stabbing both in front and rear. Sir,
the enemies of the Government are yet around us
in every direction, and we are still standing doubt-
ing as to what course we should pursue.
1 repeat, sir, that I will not for a single moment
cast the slightest shadow of doubt, so far as my
vote can go, upon the propriety of the action of
the Government upon this subject.
Mr. WILSON. I regret, Mr. President, that
the Senator from Illinois has introduced this res-
olution, and I deplore the speech he has made in
its support. That Senator knows, as we all know,
that the Secretary of State, in obedience to the
order of the President of the United States, has
made arrests in the loyal States. Why then ask
the Secretary if such arrests have been made, and
the law upon which they were made? If the
Senator does not approve of the action of the Sec-
retary of State in making those arrests, or rather
the action of the President of the United States in
ordering those arrests, instead of reflecting on the
Secretary of State or the President, why does not
that Senator come into the Senate with a bill pro-
posing to enact a law that shall clothe the Gov-
ernment of this country with ample powers to
arrest and imprison men who are in complicity
with traitors ? Why is it necessary at this time,
in this crisis of our country's history, threatened
by domestic traitors and by foreign Powers, to
come into the Senate of the United States witli a
resolution that carries an implied censure with it
upon the executive government of the country?
Sir, we all remember, when we assembled on
the morning of the 22d day of July last, after the
disaster at Bull Run, the gloom and anxiety that
filled this Chamber and the country. Our Army
had been defeated; our three months' men were
about to go back to their homes; the Government
was left almost powerless. Thirty-five thousand
men alone stood here for days to defend the cap-
ital of the country, and if the enemy had acted
with spirit or vigor they could have driven them
out of this capital. At that day, sir, treason
stalked through the streets of the capital; men and
women were engaged in correspondence with the
enemy, giving information and plotting treason;
and Washington was a loyal city ! Here was the
State of Maryland, a loyal State, but with men
.elected to her Legislature who were disloyal, and
who determined to declare and carry Maryland
out of the Union. The executive power of the
Government, in that hour of anxiety and gloom,
in obedience to the patriotism and to the almost
unanimous assent of the nation, laid the hand of
the Government on those traitors and locked them
up m prison, where many of them, thank God,
are held to-day. That power of the Government
saved the State of Maryland, and her own people,
seconding the Government, came to the rescue,
and, by more than thirty thousand majority,
placed the State of Maryland among the most
faithful States of the Union.
In northern cities and villages newspaper presses
were publishing treason,proclaiming treasonable
purposes, encouraging the rebellion. The Gov-
ernment thought it was necessary, and it laid its
hands on the conductors of those presses, and
they went down, and those who were willing to
wound but afraid to strike held their peace. All
over the North there was a class of traitorous men
who had assured Jefferson Davis and his asso-
ciates that northern troops would never be per-
mitted to cross through northern cities to defend
the capital or the cause of the country, and that
they would throttle us if it came to war. These
men all over the North began to raise tiieir heads
and express their sympathy with the traitors in
arms against the Government. They held their
pcace meetings; they held their secret conclaves;
they were everywhere in action, and during those
weeks of gloom and anxiety following the defeat
of Bull Run, these men wex*e making an impres-
sion on that country, were giving aid and comfort
to the men in arms against the country. The
President of the United States, through his head
clerk, the Secretary of State, had these persons
arrested; and, sir, the turning of the doors of Port
La Fayette and Fort Warren upon their hinges
silenced innumerable traitors in the loyal States
of the Union. They are silent to-day, but they
are silent through fear.
Now, sir, I assert that nine hundred and ninety-
nine of every thousand of the loyal men of the
free States applauded these arrests, thanked the
Government for them, and are with the Govern-
ment on that subject to-day. Then why come
into the Senate Chamber of the United States at
this hour and arraign the Government for saving
the country; for I say here and now these arrests
have rendered more service to the country than
the whole military power of the country has done?
I will vote for any bill that shall clothe the Exec-
utive with ample powers to arrest these traitors
wherever found. The Senator may put all the
guards and checks upon them he pleases. I would
not encourage the exercise of unconstitutional
power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to ask him, is he not aware that I introduced
a bill at the last session for that very purpose?
Mr. "WILSON. Well, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator did notfindme opposingit. He will notfind
me opposing it now. Why has he not renewed
it here now without a resolution and without a
speech that reflect on this exorcise of the power
and authoiity of the Government to save the
country? I will go with him for his bill, I will
go with him for any measure of that kind; but,
sir, I will vote for no resolution, I will indorse no
speech that shall arraign the President of the Uni-
ted States, or the Secretary of State, for the exer-
cise of this power, wherever derived, that has
strengthened the cause of our country, tended to
repress rebellion, and to arrest men in complicity
with the traitors of our country.
Now, sir, this is my view of the matter. I do
not believe this power has been exercised wan-
tonly in any case whatever. There may have been
mistakes. Men may have been arrested who were
willing to aid traitors, but who found when they
were arrested that it was an easier thing to take
the oath of loyalty to the country than it was to
endure imprisonment, and they have been let out.
I do not doubt the possibility that some errors
may have been made; but that anything through
wantonness, or through a desire to cruelty, has
been perpetrated by the President, or by the Sec-
retary of State, I do not believe. On the contrary,
I say here now that it is my opinion, and I be-
lieve it is the opinion of the people of the country,
that the executive department of this Govern-
ment has dealt too gently with men hostile to the
country, that there has been quite too much of
what the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] calls
kindness of heart in this war, quite too much
charity, and it is time that sterner and more de-
termined action should be had both in the civil
and military power of the country.
Mr, HALE. Mr. President, instead of feeling
griof and mortification and regret at the introduc-
tion of this resolution, I thank my friend from
Illinois for introducing it. I think it eminently
proper, eminently appropriate; and I shall feel
mortified if the day has come when any act of
your Executive may not be inquired into by his
sworn constitutional advisers, the Senate of the
United States. If, in answering that resolution, [
if it passes, the Secretary of Slate or the Presi- '
dent shall deem it proper to send it to us under
the seal of executive secrecy, I shall find no fault
with that; but the right, the power, the propriety,
and the necessity of making this inquiry, to mv
mind, eminently exists.
Sir, I have been so long in the minority, I have
been so long in the habit of inquiring into the
doings of the Executive, and so Ions: in the habit
of finding considerable fault with Uiem, that I
may not be sufficiently schooled in the new po-
sition in which I stand as a political friend of the
President, to treat with that deference which
seems to be demanded for him by some of his
friends everything that he does.
Mr. President, I came into the Senate alone,
without a party; I may go out of it without a
party; I certainly shall go out of it without a
party, and stand here without a party, if there be
a party here that shrinks from the exercise of
what 1 deem to he the constitutional duty and the
high prerogative of this body, of inquiring into
the doings of every department of this Govern-
ment, and of inquiring of every officer of the
Government what he has done, and, further than
that, why he has done it. But as this was a res-
olution of my friend from Illinois, I did not choose
to put that amendment on his resolution, as he did
not seem to want it. I had my reason for propos-
ing it, however.
Mr. President, I may be a little tedious; I am
not in the habit of making long speeches, and do
not mean to make one now; but I may possibly
talk longer than will be agreeable. Do gentlemen
know—yes, sir, they do know—do they appre-
ciate what our history is? Do they know what
gave birth to this nation ? Do they know what it
was that stimulated our revolutionary fathers, and
embodied them together in one band to proclaim
the immortal truths of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence? Was it to gain independence? No,sir;
that was not what they wanted. There was noth-
ing that they protested against with more earnest-
ness, with more zeal, with more energy, and with
more repetition, than the idea that they were la-
boring for independence, or were stimulated by a
lust of ambition or of power. No, sir; it was for
the high and the holy purpose of securing consti-
tutional liberty regulated by law. It was for that
high purpose that they banded together, anil it
was that principle that brought this nation into
being. And, sir, if the day ever arrives in the
history of this country when constitutional lib-
erty, regulated by law, cannot exist, let the nation
die, let it perish, let its name and memory be blot-
ted from the catalogue of the nations of the earth;
for it has failed of its high mission, is faithless to
the principles which gave it birth, and is wanting
in all the elements of its life and its power. What
are you fighting for to-day? Why arc your ships
of war on the high seas; why have your hundreds
and thousands and hundreds of thousands of men
left their plows in the furrow, and their fields un-
reaped; why have mechanics left their benches
and gone out, exposing their living breasts as a
bulwark of defense round about this temple of lib-
erty, but that they may preserve constitutional
liberty, regulated by law? That is it, sir. That
is the beginning and the end of this nation, and
that is its high mission; and if it does not vindi-
cate that, it had better never have been born,and
British arms had better have crushed the rebel
forces when they first arrayed themselves against
its power, than to have achieved their independ-
ence, and we to have lived neaily a century, ready
to surrender up that great boon of constitutional
liberty, regulated by law, to any power or any
officer on earth.
Well, sir, what is the purpose of this inquiry?
Have not arrests been made in violation of the
great principles of our Constitution ? If they have,
let us know it, and let us know the necessity which
impelled them. Ifthefactbe that such arrests have
been made, and if the necessity exists upon which
they were made, then I trust there is magnanimity,
there is justice, there is patriotism, there is forbear-
ance enough 111 this Senate and in this Congress
to throw the mantle over every act that has been
prompted by a patriotic impulse to serve the na-
tion and preserve its liberties. You may gain your
victories on the sea, you may sweep the enemy
from the broad ocean and from all its arms and
all its rivers, until you may hoist, as the Dutch
admiral once hoisted at the head of his fiag-staiT,
a broom, indicative that you had swept the ocean
of your foes, and you may crush every rebel that
is arrayed against you and utterly break their
power; and when you have done all that, when
you have established a military Power such as
the earth never saw, and a naval power such as
England never aspired to be, and constitutional
liberty shall be buried amid the ashes of that con-
flagration in which you have overcome and de-
stroyed your loes; then, sir, you will have got a
barren victory, and with all your glory you will
have but achieved your everlasting shame.
I desire with a jealous eye to watch everything
