1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
that looks like an encroachment upon the liberty
of the citizen. I know very well that those who
are disposed to do so may question the wisdom or
the patriotism of the remarks which I am making.
I care not for that, sir. I believe the time demands
it; and if things go on as they have gone I shall be
compelled to say something further still; but I
will say this: I do not want to cripple, but I want
to strengthen the arms of this Government; I do
not want to call them to an account beyond that
which I feel it is our imperative duty to do, but I
want that energy and that vigilance and that power
which are to be put forth to be stretched across
the Potomac south instead of north.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts at
the head of the Military Committee says that he
believes these arrests have done more to secure
the liberties of the country than all that the Army
has done. I shall not question that. [Laughter.]
It may be so. But if I can stand here two months
from to-day—God knows whether we shall be in
the land of the living or not—but if two months
from to-day that remark of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts be as true as it is now, I tell you, sir,
you will find an enemy against you compared
with which the Army on the other side of the
Potomac is nothing. Sir, I do not believe that
everybody who is connected with the administra-
tion of this Government understands the character
of the issue in which we are engaged; but I ven-
ture to predict, though I am not a prophet, that if
the American people, who are pouring out blood
and treasure with a heartiness and a willingness
that no other people on the face of God's earth
ever did, shall find in the future that they have
been trifled with, that imbecility and indecision
have stood in the place of courage and manly
energy and perseverance, and a serious, vigorous,
energetic prosecution of this war, there will be
such a storm come upon your heads as history
has never yet recorded; and it does not want a
very great degree of faith to hear the distant rum-
blings of that thunder-storm that will overwhelm
the Administration and the party in power if they
do not see the things that belong to the day and
the hour before they are hidden from their eyes.
Now, sir, I care as little as any man about any
comments that are made on the poor speeches that
I make. I owe it, in justice to those who sent me
here, and to whose abiding confidence I am in-
debted for the privilege of saying what 1 do here
to-day, to say that there is no man on this floor
who represents a more loyal, a more brave, and
a more determined people than is the constituency
which I have the honor, in company with my
friend and colleague, to represent. Sir, New
Hampshire is a small State; but she is bounded
by the Atlantic on the one side, and British Amer-
ica on the other; and no enemy has ever yet pressed
his footsteps on her soil; and her men will go forth,
and what treasure she has will be poured out,
without measure and without stint, to sustain this
Administration; but I will tell you upon what they
sustain it, and upon what alone. It is a vigorous
prosecution of this war. Sir, they do not believe
that it is to be done by carrying out what Dickens
says is the great theory of the British constitu-
tion: " how not to do it." That, he says, is the
great art, secret, purpose, and theory of the Brit-
ish constitution, " how not to do it." That is not
the way in which the people that I represent pro-
pose to support this Administration and this Gov-
ernment. They believe that the hour has come,
the trial hour of the destiny of this nation is upon
us, and woe be unto us, and woe be to them who
stand as our leaders, if we do not appreciate the
day and the hour of the crisis of our destiny.
The Senator has said that we were defeated at
Bull Run. So we were; and Bull Run has been
to this Government what the Hartford convention
was to New England politicians. It has cast its
shadow over the "land ever since; but I tell you we
can stand another Bull Run defeat better than we
can stand any halting by the American Senate to
inquire fearlessly, manfully, and as we ought, into
the doings of the Army, the Navy, the President
and all his Secretaries; and when we have got it
before us, let us trust to our discretion and our
patriotism that we will do what belongs to Sena-
tors and to patriots.
I need not say, sir, that in submitting the few
remarks that I have presented I have intended no
personal unkmdnoss or disrespect to any human
being. I have felt impelled by a solemn sense of
what I owed to my people and my country to say
what I have said, and I feel when I have sat down
as if my prayer to God should be not to forgive
me for what I have said, but for what I have left
unsaid.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I do not
know that I could add one word to the remarks
that have been made by the Senator from New
Hampshire, if I felt so disposed., I do not rise
now for the purpose of entering into any debate
upon the propriety of this resolution, but simply
to express to the Senator from Illinois my hearty
thanks for its introduction at this time. I believe
it to be eminently proper and just. I think that
the condition of the country, and especially of
the loyal States, now demands some investigation
of this sort. Arrests were made in the loyal States
months ago that were chargcd to have been made
without the authority of law. They were vindi-
cated upon the ground of public necessity. It
was said that we were then in the beginning of a
great rebellion; that the whole country was in a
state of alarm and terror, and that it was consid-
ered expedient and proper for the Government to
use all the means it could command to suppress
the insurrection, without reference to the existing
laws at the time. I maintained hereon this floor
at the summer session—as I do now maintain—
that so far as my own State of Maryland was con-
cerned, there never was an hour from the outbreak
of this revolution upon the 21st day of April, to
the present time, when the civil authority of that
State was not paramount and fully competent to
vindicate and to uphold the majesty of the law.
I had the honor of stating to the Senator from
Massachusetts, in this body, in July last, what I
believed to be the loyal sentiments of the people
of that State; and I asserted upon this floor that
Maryland stood with six Union Representatives
in this Capitol by twenty thousand majority, with
the whole civil authority of the State in full op-
eration, capable, willing, and ready at all times
to uphold and maintain the dignity of the Con-
stitution and laws of the land. What I said upon
that occasion did not receive the credence of all
Senators on this floor; but the result of the late
election has more than verified the assertion I
made then. In a poll of eighty thousand votes,
Maryland has given a clear majority of over thirty
thousand for the Constitution and for the country.
The people of Maryland are devoted to the Con-
stitution; devoted to the forms of liberty; and
have as high an appreciation of the glories of this
Government as the people of any State in the
Union; and yet many of those people have dis-
sented, and now dissent, from the prevailing pol-
icy of the Administration. As for myself, I assert
that no Senator here or elsewhere has ever uttered
sentiments more true and more just to the legal
obligations of the Constitution than I have done.
I claim that I have never uttered a word, and
never committed an act, in violation of the sacred
obligations of the oath which I took at your desk,
sir, to maintain and uphold the Constitution. I
yield to no man in loyalty; but as an American
Senator, when the Administration of this Gov-
ernment is going, in my judgment, in a wrong
direction, and crossing the path of the Constitu-
tion, I claim the right to endeavor to set it right;
and at such a time I should be recreant to every
sense of honor and justice and principle if I did
not raise my voice, humble and weak as it may
bo, in defense of the Constitution, and in defense
of the people of the State that 1 have the honor
in part to represent on this floor.
1 am not here to-day to vindicate treason or
traitors. I am not here to-day to say that there
are not men within the boundaries of my State
who may be justly chargcd with treasonable pur-
poses. I maintain, as 1 have maintained before,
that there are not, and have not been at any one
time m the history of this rebellion, ten thousand
secessionists in the State of Maryland ready and
willing to take up arms. I have never regarded
them as of any importance. The history of the
lastsix or eight months justifies this belief. Iam
more convinced than ever that the view I have
taken of the loyalty of my State has been the true
one. It has been warranted by the result of the
elections; it has been warranted by the position
the State now maintains in defense of the Consti-
tution and the country. But, sir, I cannot with-
hold the expression of the belief that there have
[ been men arrested in Maryland without sufficient
cause; repeated instances have occurred. It is
but very recently that a State senator, now inside
of the walls of Fort Warren, sent his protest to
the government of his State, protesting his inno-
cence; calling for an investigation; asking them
to scan his whole life, public and private; to look
into his every act, into every vote given in his
public career; to say when and where he had ever
violated his obligation to supportthe Constitution;
and demanding to know why he had been thus
deprived of his liberty and incarcerated, he being
utterly ignorant of any charge against him. I
have but a very slight acquaintance with that
member of the senate of Maryland; 1 know very
little about his public career; but there stands
upon record at the seat of government of his own
State his protest asseverating his innocence, as-
serting that never byword or deed has he vio-
lated the Constitution of the country, and asking
to be informed on what grounds he has been de-
prived of his liberty and denied a hearing, and
why he is thus incarcerated, to the injury of his
family, at*d the detriment and loss of his private
interests.
That is one case. I do not know how far that
senator of Maryland may be guilty of 'treason.
I stand not here to vindicate him. I stand here
to thank the Senator from Illinois for the resolu-
tion of inquiry that he has proposed, not regard-
ing it as an arraignment of the President, as the
Senator from Massachusetts seems to view it. 1
do notmean to arraign the President or the Admin-
istration. I think it eminently just and proper,
however, that this inquiry should be made, and
especially with regard to my own State which has
just cast a majority of thirty thousand out of her
eighty thousand votes for this Union, where the
whole functions of government are in the hands
of the constituted authorities of the State, ready
and willing and able to maintain tm! dignity ot
her own laws. I think that, under such circum-
stances, an inquiry of this kind should be had, so
that an opportunity may be afforded to release
persons who are innocent of all crime, and who
have not been engaged in any attempt to over-
throw the Government.
I trust that the resolution will prevail. If I had
more influence upon this floor, or with the Admin-
istration, I should myself, upon bended knees,
have besought an inquiry of this kind. Like the
Senator from New Hampshire, I came into the
Senate almost without a party, and I suppose I
shall take my leave without any; but I shall stand
here as an American Senator, under the flag of my
country, supporting and maintaining the Consti-
tution of the United States, believing that it has
ample power to vindicate its authority and to
maintain its supremacy. I mean to be true to the
principles of this Government, believing it to be
the greatest and the best upon the face of the earth.
I shall vote for the resolution with the greatest
pleasure, and I trust it will receive the sanction
of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I gave notice
last week that at one o'clock this day I would
move to take up the report made by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary upon the memorial of Mr.
Stanton, claiming a seat on this floor as Senator
from Kansas. If he hour has passed; but it is a
privileged question, and I am desirous of bring-
ing it to the attention of the Senate. I ought to
state that the sitting member whose seat is is dis-
pute informed mc, on the last day of our session
last week, that he would not be prepared to go
on with this question to-day; and he has again
signified to me this morning that he is not now
prepared. If there be reasons why the question
should be longer postponed, I trust the Senator
will give them, for I am not disposed to press the
question upon the attention of the Senate until the
proper time arrives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to move that the
j resolution of the Senator from Illinois be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. It involves
a very important inquiry in itself, and it is very
important as to the time of making it. I prefer
that it should go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, so that we can take advice upon it, and
then the election case can come up.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 shall not object to the Sena-
tor's motion being entertained, if it does notocca-
sion debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no disposition to
debate it.
