1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•26^5
But with this all the power of Congress over
the person of the individual terminates. Now,
what power have we over property? We may
take the property of the individual under what is
denominated the right of eminent domain. That
right, however, does not depend upon any of-
fense committed by the individual against the
laws of the country, but it depends upon the ne-
cessity of the Government. It may be exercised
just as well and to the same extent against the
loyal as the disloyal citizen. It is founded in a
supposed reserved right of the country when
grants of land were made, to reassume the prop-
erty granted to the subject for national purposes.
In old times, when grants were made of property,
the grant contained a clause, making this reserva-
tion upon the part of the sovereign for national
purposes, to reassert the title to the property.
But it has become now the law of all civilized
countries that this right may be exercised with-
out any reservation in the grants. That is a power
which Government has the right to exercise over
the property of the subject. That is a right, too,
which is sustained by the Constitution, but it is
provided that it shall not be exercised upon the
property of an i ndividual except for public use and
for just compensation.
Again: we have the right to take the property
of the individual for the collection of taxes. That
right is expressly given to Congress by the Con-
stitution. We exercise it according to the laws of
Congress. I have been astonished at the opin-
ions! have heard advanced hereby legal men, that
the taking of property for taxes was an excep-
tion to the rule; that the Government could not take
the property of individuals without just compen-
sation. Why, sir, it results from the very theory
of Government, that the subject who is protected
by Government must contribute to its support.
It is the protection of the Government that con-
stitutes the compensation which ho receives for
the payment of his portion of the taxes. It is no
infraction or exception to the rule that property
' shall not be taken for public use where property
is taken for taxes.
We may take the property of the individual as
the penalty of a crime against the Government of
the United States, of which the individual is con-
victed by due process of law. We may attach a
pecuniary penalty, and that penalty may be lev-
ied upon the property of the individual. We may
declare that the individual shall forfeit all of his
property as a punishment for crime, except ns we
are restrained by the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, that no forfeiture for the punishment of trea-
son shall exceed the life of the individual who
shall be convicted of the crime of treason. Then
we have this power, on the conviction for crime
over the property of the individual. We have the
most absolute power of conviction over the per-
son of the individual. We may fix his punish-
ment for crime, his banishment, his disfranchise-
ment, the forfeituie of life itself. What more do
we ask ? What greater power do we desire over
the person or over the property ot the individual
for the purposes of the Government than that
which I have described ? This is all, and surely
it seems to me that it is all that can be required.
Cannot we be satisfied with it? Shall we desire
to go beyond that? Shall we desire to take the
property of individuals without trial, without pro-
cess of law, without just compensation for prop-
erty taken for public use? Do we desire that.'
Does any man desire more ? If ho does, he desires
the overthrow of the Constitution under which he
lives. It cannot have any other result. If you
take property by civil law you must take it as the
Constitution prescribes.
Now, sir, how are these powers enlarged by a
state of war? A state of war is not unconstitu-
tional. The Constitution itself contemplates it.
It provides for a state of war. It authorizes Con-
gress to declare it. When may the declaration
of war be made, and the country put m a state of
wai ? It may be done for the purpose of suppress-
ing insurrection and putting down rebellion. These
arc all contemplated in and provided for by the
Constitution. Now, sir, when the country is in
a state of war it is a condition contemplated by
the Constitution. All that attaches to war, all
the laws of civilized warfare, if we aie a civilized
people, attach to a state of war. What ore the
laws of war? What do the laws of war allow
and tolerate? As m civil government v.e are re-
strained by constitutional provisions, so in a state
of war we are restrained by those rules which
civilized nations have thrown around civilized
warfare; and those rules are what are known as
the laws of war. Now, the laws of war prevail
when the country is in a state of war. These
laws arc not determined by Congress. They can-
not be enlarged, altered, or restricted by Congress;
they are established by nations.
To illustrate my proposition: suppose, now that
the country is in a state of war, this Congress
shall pass an act declaring that our soldiers upon
the battle-field should not shoot down the enemy
until they had come within hailing distance, and
challenged the enemy three times to lay down their
arms. Suppose we pass such an act as that: we
would make ourselves ridiculous in the eyes of
the world. We would lose upon every battle-field
if our generals carried out such a law. _ Would
we change the laws of war by it? Certainly not.
They are laws applicable to one enemy as well as
another; the whole civilized world can alone alter
or modify them. Suppose, on the other hand, we
were to enact a law at this Congress providing that
the prisoners taken in battle, before they were re-
leased, should have their right hands cut o(f. An
excuse could be made for that as good as many
I have heard urged by gentlemen upon this floor
in favor of these confiscation propositions, for it
would prevent those thus mutilated from ever again
fighting against the country.
"Suppose, now, we should gravely pass a law
that the prisoners taken in battle, before being
released, should have their right hands severed
from the wrist: would that change the laws of war?
Would it make that brutality a part of civilized
warfare? Certainly not. It would put us beyond
the pale of civilized people by adopting a savage
system of warfare, but it would not change the
laws of war, which are determined by the usages
of nations.
Now, sir, the increased power we have over the
person or over the property ot the individual in
time of war overwhatwe possessin time ofpcace
being derived from the law of war, what is that
law of war? We have considered already what
civil power wc have. Let us sec what powci war
gives us over the individual. It gives us the right
over the individual citizen to compel him to take
up arms and serve the country. Itgives us the
right to subject him to military discipline. Itgives
ns the right to raise courts-martial, and to try and
punish him for offenses. It gives us the right to
take his life for disobedience of orders, for deser-
tion, or for counseling desertion. It gives us am-
ple power to compel the citizen to serve the State.
That is tin- power it gives us over our own cit-
izens, and that much we can regulate by our own
laws.
In regard to the neutrals, it gives us the power
to pievcnt them passing thiough our lines to the
lines of the enemy. Itgives us the power to pre-
vent them from being placed ill a position to ren-
der aid and comfort to the enemy. Over the enemy
it gives us the right to shoot them down upon the
battle-field. It gives us power to capture them
upon the battle-field, and to take them prisoners
and to hold them as piisoners until the war is
over; but, sir, not beyond that in case of foreign
war. That is the power we have over the per-
sons of individuals under the laws of war. _
What power have wc over the property of indi-
viduals by virtue of the laws of war r This is the
most material question m regard to the legislation
we a ic proposing in these bills of confiscation. All
the property of the enemy captured in war co in-
stauti becomes our property. It requires no act
of legislation. It requires no act of confiscation,
no act of condemnation to change instantly the
property of the enemy captured m battle becom-
ing the property of the captor at once. True, it
is the ptovince of Cmigress to determine what
shall be done with that property, the title of which
is thus transferred from the enemy to us. The
Constitution expressly provides that it is for us
to determine. The title changes when the cap-
ture is made. When beyond that, we have the
right to take the property of the enemy for the
purpose of indemnifying us for the expenses ot
the war. And when we speak of the property o
the enemy, it is not in the sense claimed by some
gentlemen upon this floor. It is not tile private
property, it is the public property; and I have
been surprised to see men in this House citing
these provisions in.reference to the laws of war,
declaring that the successful party has the right
to take the property of the enemy to defray the
expenses of the war. They cite these cases in
justification of these acts of confiscation of private
'property, when they must know, if they haVe read
these authorities, that they speak of public prop-
erty; for those very'same authorities, eyery one
of them—Vattel, Story, and all—say that private
property is not subject to this seizure and this use.
It is easy to take the laws of war, in reference to
public property, and, by converting what is said
relative to that, make it applicable to private prop-
erty, and prove, from these authorities, that pri-
vate property may be confiscated.
Now, sir, all these authors wrote in reference
to public and not private property. Then, sir,
beyond this, there is the right to seize the property
of neutrals which is contraband, in time of war,
when the neutrals are attempting to trade with
the enemy in articles contraband of war. And in
those cases of seizure, a regular condemnation by
the proper tribunal, as contraband of war, is re-
quired.
We have also the rights to seize the property
of the enemy upon the high seas, whether it be
public or private property, the only difference be-
tween the two being, that if it is public property,
if it be an armed ship taken in battle, the ship
and her armament and her munitions become, co
inslanti, the property of the Government; if it be
private property taken by one of our cruisers it is
necessary that there should be a condemnation in
the proper court before the property passes from
the individual owner to the nation. That distinc-
tion should.not bo lost sight of, because cases have
been cited hero, as furnishing evidence of the ne-
cessity of passing laws of confiscation, to show
that no property of the enemy passes to us unless
these laws are passed. That is a mistake. Any-
thing that is the property of the enemy passes to
us, and nothing but the property of private indi-
viduals of the enemy requires a regular course
of judicial condemnation before it passes to us,
and the right so to condemn is derived from the
laws of war. .
In addition to this, wo have the right to take
the property of individuals, either of enemies or
friends, under the plea of necessity, for the pur-
pose of feedingour Army, for the purpose of fur-
nishing transportation for our Army, or for any-
thing Which may be of absolute, certain, and
immediate necessity.
But there again the law steps in, and at least
the public faith and honor arc pledged to pay for
property taken under this plea of necessity. Then
we have the right to take property temporarily
for the use of the Army in this way; a general
has a right to make a camp on my farm; he has
a right to make his headquarters in my house, and
I am not permitted to bring an action of ejectment
against him, or any of his command in possession
of my farm or house. He occupies it for military
purposes, and I am for all purposes temporarily
evicted. But this docs not impair my title. Any
title deed remains intact while the farm is thus
occupied, and the moment he ceases to occupy it
my rights are resumed, and no man put in pos-
session of my farm, or as tenant of my house,
can occupy it for a day under any authority con-
ferred by the laws of war.
Now, sir, I have enumerated the kinds of au-
thority of the Government in time of war, the civil
authority over the person, and over the property
of the individual, as well as the rights over the
I person, and over the private property of maiviu-
I uals under the laws of war; and as I understand
' it, neither the civil law nor the laws of war give
] the l'ieht to the Government to dispossess any
j person of his private property for public use, unless
1 for just compensation. Now I appeal to every
' thinking man of this House to know whether
there be any other constitutional way of taking
private property, whether there be any other way,
either under the civil law or the laws of war, m
which private property can be taken without a
violation of the Constitution of their country, if
attempted by the civil power, and of the laws of
war if taken by the war power. I have looked
in vain for any such authority. I have searched
carefully through the authorities which have been
cited in debate, and 1 have found that no laws of
civilized warfare justify the taking of private prop-
erty under any circumstances except those 1 have
