1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3035
desire to see itended; but, sir, 1 must deal with it
as I deal with all other social, moral, and political
evils, as an admitted fact, and take it as a fact and
deal with it as wisely as I can. I know there are
some very eminent men—there is in my State one
of the most eminent theologians we have, a man
holding the highest literary, social, and religious
position in the State—I mean Dr. Lord, the pres-
ident of Dartmouth college—who, if I understand
him, and I believe I do, thinks honestly and main-
tains zealously and ably that slavery is a divine
institution; that, inasmuch as government is or-
dained of God, and government cannot go down
into all the interstices of society, slavery is a sort
of subdivision of government intended by God to
go down into those lower interstices where the
great political and municipal organizations of the
State cannot reach. I do no.t believe it; but as long
as there are men, and men of high culture and high
social, literary, moral, and religious position and
education that do believe that, it is not for us in
our dogmatic wisdom and philanthropy to set our-
selves doggedly and obstinately against the con-
victions of a great many men who possibly may
be as wise anil as good as we are. I think they
are mistaken, totally mistaken; but, sir, when I
come to deal with tliis practical factl want to deal
with it in a practical way. I should hail the ad-
vent of a slave State into this Union with a clause
in her constitution for a gradual emancipation and
abolition—I hail the admission of such a State
more gladly, with more satisfaction and more grat-
ification than I would a free State outright. Why?
I will tell you why: because there is joy among
the angels of God over one sinner that repentjth,
more than over ninety-nine that need no repent-
ance. [Laughter.] Therefore it is that I would hail
the ad vent of such a State into the Union with more
satisfaction than I would afree State outright.
When my friend from Massachusetts, for whom
I have the highest regard, both for his head and
his heart, his powers and his culture, introduced
this amendment, I sent for the Life of Dr. Frank-
lin for the purpose of reading an old fable of the
doctor's couched m scriptual language, which 1
think has a good deal of instruction in it; but the
volume I have got has not got the fable in it. I
think I can tell it, though. The story was, that
Abraham one day sat in his tent, and an old man
came along and Abraham invited him in, and gave
him water to wash and food to eat, killed the calf,
baked cakes, and gave him milk. The old man
ate without doing wha,t Abraham had been accus-
tomed to da, asking a blessing over his food.
Abraham was exceeding wroth with the old man,
and got up, and drove him out of his tent; and
God came and made requisition to Abraham, and
said, where is the old fellow that was eating in
your tent a little while ago ? And Abraham said,
because he gave not thanks I turned him out. And
God said to Abraham, have I borne with you these
fourscorc years and canst thou not bear with him
one night who art thyself a sinner? Sir, in ex-
actly the spirit inculcated by that fable I would
deal with slavery, and I would listen to-day as it
were to the voice of God, who asks us, have I borne
with this thing so many generations and cannot
you bear with it dying, when it begins on the next
4th of July; cannot you bear with it to that time,
who are yourselves sinners? In this spirit 1 would
deal with it, and 1 rejoice that the constitution of
West Virginia has this provision in it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I have read
this bill; and the motion of amendment which is
now proposed and about which we are called to
vote by yeas and nays, calls my attention more
particularly to it. I have entertained some senti-
ments upon this subject for many years, applica-
ble to the present question, which I feel it my duty
briefly to present.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that Congress
has the power and the right, in the exercise of
its discretion, to admit a State or reject it. I
think that in the exercise of that discretion, every
member of the Senate may have his own reasons
for his vote, which he is at liberty to disclose ol-
io conceal, and he will judge according to his view
of public expediency as to the course in this re-
spect which he should take. There has long been
very much agitation in Congress at different pe-
riods of our history as to whether the free States,
having the majority in the two Houses, should
say that they never would admit any more slave-
holding States. The southern people have long
told us that that thing, if declared, might produce a
separation unavoidably. 1 do not think Congress
are ever bound to state, even if they reject the ad-
mission of a State on that account, that to be their
reason. One man may have one reason for reject-
ing it, another man may have another reason for
rejecting it. They do not become the reasons of
the body, they are only those of the individuals.
I have always supposed that when a State was
admitted into the Union, it should be admitted
upon the same footing as the original States. This
bill says so; this very bill declares in so many
words that this State of West Virginia shall be
admitted on the same footing as the other States.
Now, what is admitting a State upon the same
footing as the other States? What is imp.lied in
this? That it is a State, and a sovereign State, as
much so as it can be, subject to the Constitution
of the United States. Well, what is implied in
being a sovereign State and a State of this Union?
A State with the power to regulate its own inter-
nal concerns in its own way, including the rela-
tion of master and slave, and if the State is shorn
of that power, if it is stated that that shall be a
condition precedent, a prerequisite to their being
a State, they are not admitted on the footing of
the other States; they are shorn of their power.
However we may consider it a reprehensible
power, it is still a sovereign power which other
States possess and thatdoes not. Therefore I say,
Mr. President, it has ever been my opinion that
when we admit a State, we must admit it sincerely
to be what we declare it to be, on the same foot-
ing as other States, and hence I say we cannot
make such prerequisites and conditions precedent
to the right of admission that they shall exclude
slavery or prohibit it, or prohibit common schools
or any other thing that the other States at large
have a right to do.
There have been two different sorts of acts in
the admission of States; and there is a broad dis-
tinction between them, very impoitantin practice.
One is an enabling act, anil the other is tiie act of
admission. They are distinct things entirely.
Until the Michigan case, the States that were ad-
mitted always had enabling acts first passed by
Congress to authorize them to call a convention
and form a constitution, with a view to admission,
and present it to Congress, and then Congiess
passed upon it when it was thus presented, and
that last act admitted them. When the application
of Michigan came heie, it was the first case where
a Territory called a convention, formed a State
constitution, and presented it for admission with-
out any enabling act. It occasioned a great deal
of debate, but upon the whole resulted in the ad-
mission of Michigan. I know there was some
difficulty about sending it back afterwards, but
Michigan was admitted without an enabling act,
upon the presentation of a constitution formed by
a convention called in the Territory, and adopted
by the people there.
Now, Mr. President, let us inquire how it is
about this case. The bill we have before us is an
enabling act, if I read it aright. It is an act au-
thorizing the calling of a convention within cer-
tain limits and counties named, all put down. It
authorizes tliem to hold a convention and form a
constitution. It provides that there shall be con-
tained in that constitution a provision that children
born after the adoption of the constitution shall
be free. I think that is the substance of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Born after the 4th of July, 18G3.
Mr. COLLAMER. It fixes a time and declares
that those born after that time shall be free. This
is an enabling act, authorizing these people to call
a convention and form a constitution to be admit-
ted as a State, provided they shall put into that
constitution this provision about children born af-
ter such a day being free. This is the first instance
in our history in which an enabling act was ever
passed that made any kind of condition prerequi-
site as to what that constitution should contain.
To be sure, it is always implied that it must bo a
republican form of government, but even that has
never been put in, because that is open to subse-
quent inspection of the constitution when it shall
be presented.
Ill the next place, there is another feature to be
observed in this bill: that when they have formed
their constitution with that in it, without saying
anything about what else shall be in it, and the
people have ratified thatconstitution.and the Gov-
ernor has informed the President of it, the Presi-
dent is to issue a proclamation, and thereupon
they are to be admitted as a State. That, I be-
lieve, is the provision.
Mr. WADE. Substantially.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is another new fea-
ture in our history. There never was a State ad-
mitted in that way yet, and the reason is this: the
Constitution provides that Congress shall guar-
anty to every State a republican form of govern-
ment, and it has always been holden that when a
new State is admitted under an enabling act, or
without one, the constitution which it forms shall
be presented to Congress, that Congress, upon in-
spection of it, may see that it is a republican form
of government. They never have delegated that
power to the Presidentoranybody else. Nor does
this bill even provide that the President shall find
it to be a republican form of government.
Mr. WADE. We have the constitution here.
Mr. COLLAMER. But that constitution is not
provided for or recognized in this bill. I have been
led to make these remarks because the Senator
from New Hampshire suggested what their con-
stitution contained. The bill that we have before
us makes no mention of that constitution. It-Pro-
vides for their getting together some more coun-
ties besides those that were in before, and for that
whole body to make a constitution; and then when
that is ratified, they are to be admitted by a proc-
lamation, without Congress ever having seen the
constitution. Such a thing as that was never
known in our history before. I am aware that
constitutions have been presented here several
times, which have been recommitted on certain
terms and conditions for the people to agree to.
For instance, in the case of Missouri, the consti-
tution was presented after an enabling act, but
there was a provision in it which Congress thought
somehow recognized the idea that the State might
make laws to prevent free black people from set-
tling there; and in those days we all thought free
black men were citizens, and I believe we always
thought so until Judge Taney thought otherwise,
and 1 do not know that many of us have altered
our opinions since, even in consequence of that.
But in order to provide for that, Congress declared
that they should be admitted, provided neverthe-
less that their Legislature should pass an irrevers-
ible act providing that the State never should make
a law to prohibit citizens coming in there to settle
without regard to their color. They did do it, but
there was nothing altered in the constitution; the
constitution on which they weie admitted was the
one which they had passed, and which Congress
inspected and found to be a republican form of
government.
So, too, I might mention the case of Kansas.
A constitution was presented from Kansas and a
sort of vote of ratification by various hocus-pocus
contrivances. It was recommitted to that people,
saying to them," if you will, with a certain amount
of land grants which we offer, agree to this con-
stitution, you may be admitted;" but still it was
a constitution wc had inspected; and the act went
on further to provide that if they rejected that con-
stitution they might make another, but not that
they should be admitted under that other constu
tution until it was presented hero and we had ex-
amined it and then admitted them. Nowhere in
our history can be found an instance where any
State has ever been admitted but upon a consti-
tution which they had made and presented to
Congress, and Congress had inspected and were
satisfied with as being a republican form of gov-
ernment; nor has Congress ever attempted to del-
egate this power of inspecting the constitution and
decide upon that question to any other department
of the Government.
Mr. President, these are my views. They may
be all wrong, and I am perfectly willing to hear
any argument about them; but with these views,
with this long train of our history and example,
following the precedents, I cannot see how this bill
can be passed. One word more in relation to the
amendmentproposed. I do not know that I should
have any particular objection to voting for that
amendment. The provision which is in the bill
now, for which the amendment is proposed as a
sub'stitute, involves the same question in principle.
If there can be made a condition precedent bind-
ing upon a State, not leaving that State to form its
institutions in its own way as others have, it may
as well be put in the form fixed by the amendment
as in the form m which the committee have pre-
