3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
sented it. I do not think it any more objection-
able on that score than the provision already in
the bill, and therefore there would be no particu-
lar objection to voting for the amendment.
I want to be distinctly understood on another
point. I do not say that if this State, or any-other
State, under an enabling act, should form a con-
stitution, at this juncture of the country, after all
we have now experienced, and should send us a
constitution which permitted slavery, I would not
vote against it. I say I would not put it in as a
condition precedent and as a preliminary that we
had authority to make, but I would exercise my
discretion upon thequestion of admission, and that
would depend on the constitution they presented
and the inspection which I gave it under the light
of modern history and after the experience of all
the history wc have had. I do not say I would
reject it. It might have qualified forms in it of
gradual emancipation that would commend it so
much to me that I would accept it; but if it was
left naked and open, without any provision on this
subject by which we could fairly pursue at least
a progressive emancipation in it, or authorized
undet it, I should be very much inclined to rejcct
it. Still 1 would not put it in the enabling actas
a condition precedent.
Mr. W1LLEY. Mr. President, the objections
suggested by the honorable Senator from Vermont
had presented themselves to my mind, and I had
prepared an amendment with a view of obviating
those objections; an amendment, however, which
has a wider scope in its operation than merely to
obviate the objections suggested by the honorable
Senator from Vermont. 1 have very great doubts
whether Congress would have a riicht to pass this
bill, l-efet-it back to the people to ordain an entirely
new constitution, and in the same bill at this time
virtually admit the State into the Union with that
constitution which the Senate had had no oppor-
tunity of ever seeing, thus virtually admitting it
before the constitution was ordained and adopted
by the people who woro to bo governed by it. I
question very much whetherCongress would have
tho power, whether it would not be a violation
of the constitution, to admit a State under con-
ditions of that character. And under the influ-
ence .of my apprehensions in this respect, and for
other reasons which I shall mention in due time,
I had prepared an amendment striking out all
after tho word " that," in the first section, down
to the last section of tho bill; and as I have tho
highest conlidence in the legal judgment of the
honorable Senator from Vermont, I would be very
glad to have his ear. The very ob jection so clearly
stated by him to the admission oi' tho State by the
provisions of this bill had suggested itself to my
mind, and under the influence of my apprehen-
sions in that respect, 1 had prepared nil amend-
ment, not only with a view of obviating that ob-
jection, but also other objections which 1 have to
'the bill, and J now wish'to read it, by way of ar-
gument, that 1 may get the judgment of the hon-
orable Senator from Vormotiton it, in whose judg-
ment 1 have the highest confidence. 1 shall, when
it is in order, propose to striko out all after the
word " that," in the third line of tho first section,
down to tho last section of the bill, and insert the
following;
West Virginia is hereby admitted into tho Union on en
(t|tiitl footing Willi ttie original Slates In all respects what-
ever, mid upon the fundamental condition that from and
arte.r the 4tii (l.iv ot Jnlvl8fi3, tlie children of ail slave* bom
within the limits of-alii Stale shall be. free, amlthat no law
t-hnti be pawed t<y said .statu by winch any citizen of cither
oftlio Staler, in this Union Khali bo excluded Irom the en-
joyment of :iuy of the privilege* and nmnunifie.s to which
■"Ueh citizen is entitled imdertiie Constitution of the United
Suites,
Mr. COLLAMElt. Will the gentleman read
that last clause again?
Mr. W1LLEY. It is tho clause in the Mis-
somi resolution word for word. Itis:
And tiiat an taw '-hail be passed by said State by which
any citizen of cither of the States in this Union shall be
evchidce fro[u tin- enjoyment, of ihe privilege.- and tiuina-
nii ie->" to which ■inch citizen i.-> entitled under the Constitu-
tion of tile United rftalcb.
Mr. OOLLAMER. 1 do not think alaw would
be good lor much if it did that.
lilr. W1LLEY. 1 do riot think so either. I
did not think so in the Missouri case from which
1 quoted this provision. It is only ordaining what
the Constitution guaranties. My amendment pro-
ceeds:
iVovttcd, That the convention that ordained the consti-
tution as aforesaid, to be reconvened m the ™anner In-
scribed In the schedule thereto annexed, shallby a solemn
public ordinance declare the assent ot the said State to the
said fundamental condition, and shall transmit to the Pres-
ident of the United States on or before the 15th day of No-
vember 1862, an authentic copy of said ordinance, upon tne
receipt whereof the President by proclamation shall an-
nounce the fact; whereupon, and without any farther pro-
ceeding on the part of Congress, the admission oi said Slate
Into this Union shall be considered as complete.
Now allow me to state that this is an admission
of the State with the constitution now presented
to Congress and before the Senate, with this fun-
damental condition.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the gentleman
that always in these cases, if he will look to the
precedents, he will find that acts admitting States
begin with stating that they have formed a con-
stitution, that it has been presented to Congress,
that Congress have found it to be a republican
form of government, and that the same has been
ratified by the people; and thereupon Congress
do so and so. >Vhat the Senator lias read I un-
derstand is to be the whole bill.
Mr. WILLEY. No, it is not; here is the pre-
amble:
Whereas, by an net of tho State of Virginia, passed May
13, 1862, entitled " An act giving the consent ot the IjCgis-
lature of Virginia to the formation and crcction of a new
State within the jurisdiction of tiiis State," the people ot
that part of the Siate of Virginia including the counties ot
Hancock, Brooke, Ohio, Marshall, VVet'ieJ, Marion, Mon-
ongalia, Preston, Taylor, Tyler, l'leasants, Ritchie, Dod-
dridge, Harrison, Wood, Jackson, Wirt, Roane, Calhoun,
Gilmer, Harbour, Tucker, Lewis, liraxton, Upshur, Ran-
dolph, Mummi, Putnam, Kanawha, Clay, Nicholas, Cabell,
Wayne. Bonne. Logan, Wyoming, Mercer, McDowell,
Webster, Pocahontas, Fayette, Raleigh, Greenbrier, Mon-
roe, Pendleton, Haidy, Ilampshiie, and Motgan, did, with
the consent of the Legislature of said State of Virginia, form
themselves into an independent. State, and did establish a
constitution for the government ot the same.
I intend to make an amendment to that pream-
ble to cover the very grounds suggested by the
honorable Senator, and I have a note of it hero,
" and that it is republican in form," &c., so as to
meet that objection, " therefore, be it enacted,"
&c., and then comes in my amendment. That
was the object I had in view, so that the objection
suggested by the honorable Senatorfrom Vermont
is obviated by tho fact that here is a constitution
presented to the Senate, recognized and certified
to be republican in form, all that the constitutional
obligations resting on the Senate could require it
to be upon their part, and tho amendment which
I propose to offer is for the admission of the State
with that constitution so recognized and so cer-
tified and so before the Senate, upon the funda-
mental condition expressed in the amendment
which I have just read. That is the scope of the
amendmentwiiich I propose to offer, withaview in
point of fact to obviate tho difficulty which had
presented itself to my mind as well as to that of
the honorable Senator from Vermont.
And now, sir, the reason why I wish to get rid
of the provisions of the bill reported is this: the
people of Northwestern Virginia, as is well known
to the Senate and to the whole people of the Uni-
ted States, have been exceedingly harassed. The
war has been in their midst, the people have been
kept from their farms and from their daily avoca-
tions. Notwithstanding all that, they have sent
ten thousand men from their midst into the field,
the living of whom are still there and at their posts.
They have had guerrilla and domestic warfare to
encounter, and they have already convened a con-
vention and a Legislature and paid the great ex-
penses incurred by the assembling of their con-
vention and their Legislature.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator will suspend. It is the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being tho resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in regard to a
quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that be post-
poned.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be postponed
to a day certain, so that it may be taken up at a
certain time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no diffi-
culty in taking it up; a majority can take it up
any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, let it go over if
Senators wish; but I think we had better have a
vote on it.
Mr. W1LLEY. If agreeable to the Senate, I
hope it will be postponed.
It is moved to
The PRESIDING OFFICER.
postpone the resolution until to-morrow'.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made the motion, I wi 1
state, not with a view of going on with this bill,
for I shall take the earliest opportunity to call up
the Army appropriation bill when the Senator gets
thThf PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will proceed.
Mr. WILLEY. I was adverting to the neces-
sity of pointingout some mode by which the people
of Northwestern Virginia could be relieved of the
trouble and expense, under the extraordinary cir-
cumstances in which that people are now placed,
of convening another constitutional convention,
making another constitution, submitting it again
to the people, recalling the Legislature, and send-
ing an act of assent again to the Congress of the
United States. They have incurred all this ex-
pense already; they have had their convention;
they have ordained a constitution; it has been sub-
mitted to the people; it has been ratified with almost
entire unanimity; it has been sent here; it is re-
publican in form; and now, if it be practicable,
in consistence with the Constitution and with the
views of the Senate on the subject, I hope it may
be the pleasure of the Senate to adopt my amend-
ment, that we may avoid all this unnecessary
trouble and additional expense.
While I am up I wish to notice briefly some of
the remarks of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I am perfectly aware of the opinion of
Mr. Webster which he has read from his speeches,
but I beg leave to suggest to that honorable Sen-
ator whether there be not a difference growing out
of the fact that Mr. Webster made those speeches
no doubt in reference to States which were to bo
erected and established out of Territories of the
United States. His remarks were made in refer-
ence to the establishment of States from our Ter-
ritories. They were not made under circumstances
and in reference to a state of facts such as those
which we now present to the Senate. Whi«le I
appreciate the kindness and the many kind sug-
gestions the honorable Senator lias made to me
during the progress of the efforts of the people of
Northwestern Virginia to erect themselves into
a new Commonwealth, I suggest to him whether
in point of fact we are not really acting in the
manner best adapted to the accomplishment of the
end, and best adapted to secure both the interests
and welfare of the slaveholder and the slave him-
self; whether we are not proceeding in that manner
which will best accomplish the purpose. He says
he wishes a free State. Do we not, by this fun-
damental condition which I propose, and by the
condition as contained in the bill, present to him
an opportunity of securing to the Federal Union
one third of the territory of the State of Virginia
which is now slave territory ? And, sir, allow me
to make another suggestion to that honorable Sen-
ator. Suppose his amendment prevails. I beg to
know what will be the result on that class of pop-
ulation which he proposes to benefit by his amend-
ment. I beg to knowin what manner they are to
be provided for. And allow me to say that at this
day the majority of the eight or nine thousand
slaves remaining within the limits of the proposed
new State consists of old family servants, who
have good homes, who have the love and attach-
ment of their masters, or they consist of very
young slaves. The slaves that labor, the slaves
that have been valuable in the market, the slaves
tlmt have been valuable to masters who held to
the right and believed in the expediency of making
sale of them, have either already been sold to the
South, or they have been carried over within the
lines of the enemy. What will be the practical re-
sult, then, of the Senator's amendment if it should
prevail, and the State should be admitted according
to the provisions of the bill now before the Senate ?
It would be to cast houseless and homeless upon the
community old family servants, without any pro-
vision for them in their old age; for, by the laws of
Virginia, every slaveholder is bound to provide for
his slave in his old age; and it would be casting
upon the community without guardianship or pro-
tection a considerable number of young slaves that
are incapable of self-protection. It seems to me
the suggestions of humane policy would indicate
to the honorable Senator the propriety of allow-
ing those slaves to remain in the custody and
under the guardianship of their humane masters,
