94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves that the resolution before the
Senate be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be re-
ferred. It would be a most extraordinary pro-
ceeding to refer to a committee a resolution of
this kind. If there is a disposition in the Senate
not to make any inquiry into these matters, let
us know it; and let us know it by a direct vote
upon the resolution. I want to know whether
or not we are fighting for the Constitution, and
for constitutional liberty regulated by law. I hope
the resolution will not be referred.
Mr. PEARCE. I would prefer, Mr. President,
that the reference of the subject to the Committee
on the Judiciary should be made after the reso-
lution shall have been passed and the reply of the
Secretary of State has been received. I believe
there is no one in the Senate who alleges that there
is any express provision of the Constitution
which entitles the Secretary of State to issue war-
rants for the arrest of any person; nor have I ever
heard it suggested that there was any part of that
instrument from winch it could be inferred, as a
necessary or proper implication, that he should
exercise this authority. We are therefore totally
in the dark as to the principle upon which the
Secretary rests the claim of this power, which we
all know he has exercised. I understand the ob-
ject of the resolution to be to obtain from the Sec-
retary of State a statement of the principle upon
which he rests this claim of power.
The resolution, as I recollect it, is expressed in
very proper terms. There are no words of re-
proach in it, addressed either to the Secretary or
to the President. It is a simple inquiry, made in
plain, perspicuous terms, without the slightest
disrespecija either the great officer at the head of
the Government or his premier.
Now, sir, I want to know what is the ground
upon which the Secretary rests this power. I
want to know whether it is anything which we
can find in the Constitution, directly or by impli-
cation, or whether it is a fancy of his, that in these
troubled times there ought to exist at the seat of
Government a great, subtle, vague, undefined j
power pervading the whole country, reaching
through all the ramifications of the telegraphic
system, which will enable him, while seated in
his office, by a dash of his pen, to set the electric
fire in motion,and to order arrests at Cincinnati,
at Chicago, at Baltimore, or even in Connecticut,
where there is no treason, but too much love of
peace.
Sir, I do not believe in the necessity of any such
power, lawfully claimed or unlawfully claimed.
1 do not believe that it is nccessary to the man-
agement of this war. I do not believe that it pro-
motes the purposes of those who desire to see this
Union brought together again—an object of all
others to me the most desirable if it be possible.
I believe, on the contrary, that it disaftects a great
many good and worthy men who desire to see the
Union restored. This, sir, I do know, that if
there is no power in the Constitution to authorize
these arrests, and if this body shuts its eyes and
closes its ears to all complaints on that subject,
the day is not far distant when the vital spirit of
a republican government wilt be entirely gone
from us.
SU-, I thank the Senator from Illinois, and the
Senator from New Hampshire, for the just and
noble sentiments they have expressed to-day, and
I shall lament in despondency and grief if the
Senate shall shrink from an inquiry so obviously
(to me at least) proper as this.
1 do not mean to detain the Senate by any ex-
tended remarks. I have expressed my opinion
upon this subject heretofore, but I confess I am
curious to see what defense of the power he has
exercisedthe Secretary of State can give. I think
it is the right and the duty of the Senate to make
the inquiry, and to ohtain a response. The Sec-
retary may satisfy this body; he may satisfy us
all, or a majority; but certainly in the absence of
any acknowledged constitutional provision sanc-
tioning this power, either expressly or by impli-
cation, it does seem to me it is our right and our
duty to make the inquiry.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, whatever may
be the determination of the Senate as to the dis-
position of this resolution, I trust it will not be re-
ferred. There is, really, nothing to refer. The
resolution is a call upon the Secretary of State for
certain information. What has the committee to
do with it? Does any one question the power of
the Senate to make the call ? I apprehend not. It
is for the judgment of the majority of the Senate
to say whether they will make the call. After the
call is made and answered, the answer may re-
quire a reference to a committee; but I can see no
ground whateverforany reference of the resolution
itself to a committee. What can they do with it?
Are they to determine whether the call shall be
made or not? Who doubts that you have the power
to make it? The question is a question of will with
yourselves; a majority of the Senate may refuse
or may make the call. As to my own opinions
about it, 1 have no doubt that we ought to make
the call. I am not for condemning the Secretary
of State until I know the facts; but I have no
shadow of doubt in my own mind that to arrest
and hold and imprison a citizen of the United
States in a State where the courts are open, is an
exercise of power which is forbidden by the Con-
stitution of the United States. 1 have no doubt
whatever as to that; but I desire to know officially
from the Secretary, whom he has arrested, the
ground of the arrest, and the cause for which the
persons are detained. Surely, that inquiry may
well be made. It does not involve the disposition
the Senate may make of it after wards. A majority
may differ from me as to the proper disposition.
I have formed no opinion in my own mind as to
what ought to be the proper disposition when the
call is answered. It may be that the parties may
be discharged. I do not know what action will be
taken under it; but certainly the Senate have the
authority to make the call, and there is nothing to
refet* to the Committee on the Judiciary as to this
particular resolution as it now stands, whatever
there may be hereafter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I deem it
a very grave question to refer to the Committee
on the Judiciary to consider whether at this time
it is proper to go into this inquiry on this subject.
That is one reason why it ought to be referred to
the committee. The question itself is a very grave
one, involving, as it does, the power of the Exec-
utive, in the case of a civil war existing in any
part of the country, to suspend the habeas corpus.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to suggest that that
does not arise on this resolution. It may arise on
the answer to it; but itdoes not arise on the reso-
lution itself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire that the question
should be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, of which the honorable gentleman from
Delaware is a member, and of which the honor-
able gentleman that moved this resolution is chair-
man, that they, as a committee, should inquire into
this subject; and inquire also into the very grave
question whether now is the time to make the
inquiry, in the present state of the country.
Mr. President, I do not rise to go into the de-
bate, for my impression is, that a motion to refer
is not debatable; therefore, I desire that the ques-
tion may he taken, and let itgo to the committee.
Mr. WILSON. The Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] informed the Senate that he
came into this body without a party, and that he
might go out of the body without a party. Well,
sir, I came into the Senate with a very small
party, and I am here to-day with a majority.
But, sir, I wish to say here, and now, that while
this rebellion is upon the country, I know no
fidelity to party that interferes with my serving
the country, and the whole country; and while
this war lasts, I care but little about party; and I
do not support those in power merely because I
helped to put them in power. If there were to-day
a Democratic administration battling to save the
unity of the Republic, it should have my voice,
my counsel, and my vote, as freely as the present
Administration has.
The Senator speaks of the bravery of the sons
of New Hampshire. He tells us they are ready
to bare their bosoms for the purpose of upholding
the power and authority of the Government. We
ail, I hope, concur in that; but 1 apprehend that
the arraignment of the Administration for laying
their hands upon men who were plotting treason
in the loyal States of this Union will not thrill the
hearts of the brave men in arms on the banks of
the Potomac who came here to support the cause
of their country. Sir, when these arrests were
made by the authority of the President of the
United States, first through the Secretary of War,
and afterwards, by arrangement, through the ac-
tion of the Secretary of State, the loyal people of
this country were electrified; they felt that they
had a Government that was ready to exert its
power to save the country; and they rejoiced as
they did when Mason and Slidell weie clutched
from the deck of a British vessel, and imprisoned
at Fort Warren under the direction of the Secre-
tary of State. The people of the loyal States have
expressed, in every form in which they could
make their sentiments known, their approbation
of these arrests.
I am willing that this mode of arrest shall cease
now and forever if it is not a proper mode. I do
not say that it is. All I know is that Congress
assembled last summer and provided ways and
means to carry on the war to a successful con-
clusion, but it provided no way and no means to
reach these cases, and the executive government
of the country, under the exigencies of the times,
took this mode to arrest the publication of trea-
sonable newspapers, and to arrest the machina-
tions of disloyal men, and in doing it they strength-
ened the cause of our country, and here and now
I give them my thanks for their action; and until
the Congress of the United States shall in their
wisdom provide another, and it may be a more
constitutional mode to accomplish the same re-
sults, I say to the President of the United States
I say to the Secretary of State, go on,and where
ever in the loyal States of this Union any man
shall plot treason, any press shall utter treason,
or any man propose to give aid and comfort to the
enemy, lay the hand of the Government upon him,
close the prison doors upon him,and I believe the
people of this country will sanction that sentiment
with entire unanimity.
Sir, the Senator from New Hampshire wants
vigor in the military arm. We have fallen upon
strange times. The Senator tells us that he does
not want any power cxcrcised that is not sustained
by constitutional law. Does he not know that when
this treasonable rebellion broke out, our Govern-
ment was not clothed either with lawful power or
with means to crush it? Does he not know that
those in power had to assume authority? When
we assembled here in July last, did we not find
that the Government of this country had exercised
powers not defined and authorized by law? Did
we not do what we thought was proper and right
and necessary to clothe them with power? Cer-
tainly. Now, sir, I love constitutional liberty—
certainly, I think, as much as the Senator from
New Hampshire, or any other Senator loves it;
but when treason raises its handagainst our coun-
try, when it is a question, as it is to-day, of exist-
ence, I will come into the Senate and 1 will make
the proper laws to carry on this controversy, but
I will not cast censure and reproaches upon those
who have been intrusted with the duty of admin-
istering the Government of the country, and who,
during the last eight months, have toiled night and
day with unsurpassed fidelity to save the nation
against this rebellion.
The Senator in addition talks of the little that
has been done by the military authority. Well,
sir, we are all dissatisfied more or less; we are all
impatient; the people are impatient, no doubt,
about it. We are all generals, I suppose; the Sen-
ate is full of generals, the country is full of them,
and we are all criticising the men who are intrusted
with the military affairs of the country. This is
all very proper, perhaps; I suppose we have the
constitutional right to do it; and I am willing that
we shall do it to a moderate extent; but after all
I think we had better leave the conduct of tins war
with the military men of the country, and 1 believe
that is the real sentiment of the people.
I remember, sir, that last summer we all man-
ifested this same spirit of impatience; we were for
goin^ "on to Richmond." We undertook to go
to Richmond, and we made a magnificent advance
back to Washington! During the last few months
there has hardly been a contest in any portion of
this Union where the military force of the United
States has not been outnumbered by the enemy.
Inalmostevery battle fought since this war opened,
the forces of the Union have been inferior to the
forces of the rebellion.
Mr. WADE. That is bad generalship. We
have two men to their one.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says that is bad
generalship. Sir, let me say to you it is very easy
