1862. =
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2077
and the angel of light is that the one is guided
by charity and love, the other by hate and malice.
While the fair goddess of peace, with her olive
crown, is dethroned, and the demon of war—
" With blood-ied tresses gleaming in tlic sun,
With death-shot glowing in his fiery hand,
And eye that scorchcth all he glares upon"
takwkher place, shall mcrcy, too, be banished
from the land ?
Sir, war is terrible enough. In God'^ name,
give it all the forbearance with which civilized
nations have surrounded it. This sarcasm, this
ridicule with which I have been so often met, will
never, I trust in Heaven, drive me from my sense
of duty. I am sensible of it. I feel it. 1 wince
under it; but 1 will not be driven from my con-
victions by it. I remember that it can be used as
well in a bad as in a good cause. Ay, sir, it is
oftener used to ward off the shafts of truth than
to vindicate truth or give it force. It was most
perniciously used by Gibbon, Hume, Voltaire,
and Tom Faine, in the service of infidelity and
atheism. But with me " the atheist's laugh is a
poor excuse for Deity offended."
Now, I come to consider for a moment the
powers that we have over this institution of sla-
very under this ruleof war. And here lam aware
that I am to be met with the taunt of being pro-
slavery. Men have here gravely quoted George
Washington and Thomas Jefferson against the
institution of slavery. But did George Washing-
ton or Thomas Jefferson ever teach that Congress
had the right to abolish slavery in the States,
either in war or peace? No, sir; they taught the
very reverse of that. They made a Constitution
which gave Congress no power over the subject,
but left it solely to the States. The name of the
great Father of his Country is appended to that
Constitution; and he perfectly understood it, just
as I do. And now, when I and other men are
standing up in vindication of the Constitution just
as they made it, and when wo declare our oppo-
sition to slavery, just as they declared theirs, we
are called hypocrites, and are notcredited for sin-
cerity. And yet they quote those very men, who
said just what we say, while they know that they
made the same Constitution which we are stand-
ing up to vindicate. With what show of con-
sistency are we thus taunted?
Allow me to allude to what I regard as a most
unfair course pursued by this side of the House
toward Representatives from the border States
who protest against Congress interfering with sla-
very within the States. It has been charged against
them that they love slavery better than they do
the Union. Why, sir, what offense have they
committed to justify that charge ? They have sim-
ply stud that Congress has no power to legislate
over slavery within their States. And they have
said, too, that they would not allow Congress to
do it; and I say that if they arc men, they ought
not to allow Congress to do it. It is not that sla-
very is better than the Constitution, but that obey-
ing the Constitution is better than its violation.
They understand their State rights, and mean to
adhere to them and maintain them. That is all,
as I understand them. It is the right to State gov-
ernment which they contend foi; and let me tell
you that if they once surrender it they surrender
all that is worth living for, all that is guarantied
to them by the Constitution, it matters not whether
it is in this particular or in that. Let me illus-
trate, for these familiar illustrations are sometimes
valuable.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovb-joy]
has been most industrious in making these accu-
sations. Remember that the State of Illinois has
passed a law—which I regard as wrong—declar-
ing that no black man shall go into that State to
reside. I think it is wrong. If I were in Illinois,
I would try my uttermost to have the law re- j
pealed; but I would notallow this Congress to re- |
peal that law, or any otherlaw of my State legally |
enacted and within the reserved rights of the State, i
The fart that the law of a State is a bad one, is no
excuse for Congress to repeal it. The question
of its being a good law or a bad law is one to be
decided by the power that has aright to make it or
repeal it. Suppose that the people of New York
should, in their avarice, impose too high a rate of
toll for produce passing from the lakes to the city
over the Erie canal, and suppose the people of the
West should raise complaints against the impo-
sition of such tolls, and should ask Congress to
regulate the tolls, what then? I might, as a citi-
zen of New York, think the rates too high, and
might vote to reduce them, if in my own State
Legislature; but would I let this Congress pass a
law to regulate the rates of toll on these canals?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DIVEN asked leave to conclude his re-
marks.
No objection was made.
Mr. DIVEN. Now, sir, while I might think
these tolls too high, and might think the law im-
posing them wrong, yet, if this Congress should
undertake to usurp the power of determining what
the State tolls on the canal should be, I, as a citi-
zen of New York, would resist such usurpation
of power. We cannot submit to any usurpation
of power on the part of the General Government,
without seeing the Constitution and the Union
broken down. And should I then be taunted by
being told that I thought more of the tolls of the
Erie canal than I did of the Union ? Sir, I would
rather see that ditch filled up and the plowshare
run over it, and this communication between the
lakes and the Atlantic obliterated forever, than to
see the Union broken up. But I would not sub-
mit to seeing a toll-gatherer placed on that canal
by the usurping authority of the United States. I
would resist it; and that is all that I understand
the gentleman from Kentucky and others from the
border States to insist on. ltisnotthatthey love
slavery better than they love the Union, but that
they understand the right of self-government and
mean to maintain it. They know that the moment
they surrender it the Constitution is gone; and that
is inevitably the effect of it.
I w, ll advert to but another subject. With re-
gard to these slaves, I verily admit that if they
are captured in war they are subject to the laws
of war. They may be taken in a twofold right.
If they have been employed by the enemy, they
may be taken as prisoners of war, and held until
the war is over. If they have been abandoned by
their masters, they may be taken as property and
set at liberty. By the laws of war we may do
what we please with all that we find in possession
of the enemy, as I have defined what I regard such
possession. I submit that that is all the power
which we have over them, and all the power that
we need over them, to aid in putting down this
rebellion. In the exercise of that power I would
provide some way, for I have no confidence as a
humanitarian measure in taking these negroes and
freeing them without providing an asylum and a
home for them.
Now, there is but one other plea under which
tins right to confiscate this property, and to free
these slaves, is contended for, and even that will
not give the light to confiscate private property
by tho laws of war. I allude to the treating these
rebel States as a foreign enemy; giving efficacy to
the acts of secession by which they claim to have
separated themselves from the United States; when
you cease treating them as a rebellious people you
commence to treat them as a foreign enemy; and
when you have conquered them, make laws for
their government. By treating them in that way,
I admit we would have a light to declare what
would be tho condition of the human beings in the
country we thus conquer. As a conquered peo-
ple, we have the right beyond a doubt to declare
that their slaves shall be free.
But there is this difficulty in the way. By the
adoption of that course you recognize the doc-
trines contended for by the secessionists, and it
puts us in the attitude of waging a war we are not
justified in waging. If they had a right to secede,
then they had a right to peaceable secession, and
we are warring upon that right in prosecuting this
war. " Let us alone," was their cry, " we want
to leave you."
Sir, that doctrine, when admitted, simply ends
this Republic. It simply strikes down this Union.
And when I have said this, it seems to me 1 have
characterized it with all I need say, because I be-
lieve that if there be any sentiment ingrafted upon
the public heart of this country, it is devotion to
the Union and to the flag of the Union. It is too
late to say that it is necessary that we should
strike for the liberty of the slave everywhere to
inspire our soldiers with courage, and to elicit
means from the people to carry on this war.
Simply in vindication of the-Union, the national
authority, and the national flag, are gathered to-
gether, as no nation ever gathered, an army such
as no nation has ever seen, with which we are
waging war and winning victories such as no na-
tion ever won before.
And, sir, it is all for the Union. Those who
want disunion, those who want to govern a por-
tion of the States as subject provinces, let them
come out. They are not of us; they are not of
the Union; they have no right to claim devotion
to the Union. Sir, that flag which decorates your
seat has thirty-four stars upon it, all kindled by
the same sacred fire, all emitting the same hal-
lowed light. True, some of themare now obscured
by this dark cloud of secession. It is for the friends
of the Union to dispel that cloud; give to those
stars their wonted light and glory. There be
those, and, sir, I am sorry to know it, who would
dispel that cloud only that they might reach the
stars and put out the light of those which are now
obscured, or at least reduce them to satellites,
permitting them only to shine with a borrowed
light. They, sir, are not Union men, not consti-
tutional men; that is not their flag, it is ours.
Sir, it is ours; and may star after star be added to
its galaxy until its light shall flash in the face of
tyrants everywhere, and—
{{These unpitying lords shall see
That man has yet a soul, and dare be free."
BOUNTY TO HEIRS OF "VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What is the
state of the question?
The CHAIRMAN. It is on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheli.abarger] to add
at the thirteenth line of the substitute the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That no bounty shall be paid to the heirs of any
volunteer who hereafter shall die or be killed unless such
volunteer leaves surviving him a wife, parent,child,brother,
or sister; but no moneys shall be paid to the hens of any
such deceased soldier who have in any way been engaged
in or who have aided or abetted in the rebellion against the
United States.
Mr. FENTON. After consulting with the gen-
tleman who offered that amendment, I have his
consent to offer the following as a substitute for
theone now pending:
Provided, That no bounty shall be paid to the heir3 of
any volunteer who shall hereafter die or be killed unless to
the widow, if any survive, or it there be no widow, to the
minor child oreluldi en surviving, and if there be no child or
childien so surviving, then to the mother of such deceased
soldier. But no money shall be paid to the heirs of any
such deceased soldiers who have in any way engaged in or
who have aided or abetted in the rebellion against the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The original
amendment was in fact offered by me, with the
consent of the gentleman from Ohio, and I pre-
sume, therefore, there will be no impropriety in my
taking the liberty of accepting the substitute now
proposed by my colleague.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notice by the amendment
that the mother of the deceased soldier is in a cer-
tain contingency to receive this bounty. I wish
to inquire if it would not be well to inseit the
father also. There may be instances where it
would be well to give the father the benefit of the
provision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that neither amendment can be received, except
by unanimous consent, there being already two
amendments pending.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I proposed to
accept the amendment of my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the Chair will accord to the gentleman that right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is in the
power of the gentleman to modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. FENTON". I will accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Indiana, and in
that shape I understand my colleague to accept it
as a substitute for his.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is an objection to the
amendment, in the form in which it is-offered, in
i not designating which of the parties named shall
I be first entitled to receive the bounty. By the old
i bounty law the widow is first entitled to receive
j it, and if there be no widow, then the children.
I suggest to the gentleman from New York that
if this amendment is to be adopted, the right of
priority ought to be definitely fixed, that the pay-
ment should first be made to the widow, and if
there be no widow, then to the minor children.
Mr. FENTON. I think the amendment does
so provide as it is offered. If it does not, the mat-
