1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
to magnify our own powers, to point to the great
deeds the Government and the people have done,
and to underrate the power of the men in rebel-
lion. Why, sir, docs not the fact stand before
the country that those men controlled the Gov-
ernment of the United States for years; that they
sent your ships away, that they stole your cannon
and your arms, that they put your military sup-
plies where the enemy would take possession of
them, that they used the whole power of this
Government to destroy it, so that when the Ad-
ministration came into power on the 4th of March
last we had neither ships nor munitions nor sup-
plies nor guns? And is it not a fact that we have
to-day half a million of men in arms, that we
have organized a vast military power, that we
have hundreds of ships that have been purchased
and armed, and are now blockading the southern
coast and closing almost eveiy port in the States
in rebellion ?
But, sir, with all these manifestations of power,
does not one fact stand out before us, and that is
the power of this rebellion? I do not know where
to find, in the history of any country or of any
age, a people who have manifested more vigor
and more power according to their numbers than
have the men engaged in this rebellion. They
have not stood upon constitutional law and con-
stitutional authority. They have taken power;
they have taken life at their pleasure. They have
plundered loyal men, and driven them from their
homes. They have seized the property of friend
and foe, and confiscated it to their uses. They do
not profess to pay their debts. They are laying
the hand of conscription upon men whenever and
wherever they are wanted. This vast power they
have brought to their defense; and with it all
they have not been able to put a hostile foot upon
the free States of this Union; not a tramp of theirs
has desecrated the soil of the free States; but they
have been powerful for defense. They do not
advance upon us; we must advance upon them.
As we advance, they grow stronger and we grow
weaker. Now, sir, I am for the most vigorous
prosecution of this war. I am for wielding every
power that we possess under the Constitution;
and if we have not law under the Constitution to
meet the case, if the exigencies of the country
demand it I would exercise the power and hunt
for it after the country was saved. I say, sir, I
am for the most vigorous prosecution of this war.
I think we have made a great many mistakes. I
hope we shall have fewer in future. But, sir, the
wild and unregulated impatience which is mani-
fested in the country does not contribute to the
cause of our Union. I think we should have some
faith, some trust, some confidence in the Admin-
istration of the Government, and m the men who
are intrusted to lead the armies of the country.
I do notbelieve it wise in the Senate, in the pub-
lic press, or in the country anywhere to manifest
impatience, to visit upon men censures. 1 know
that it has often happened that it has been ex-
hibited when the Government was doing the most,
when it was working most hours, when it was
laying and carrying out plans that were to result
in great good to the country. The Government
ought to keep their secrets, and the less the peo-
ple know about what they are doing, the more
they censure them. Sir, the people know quite
too much of what has been doing during this war;
the public press has spread befoie them quite too
much, for the more the military acts of the Gov-
ernment arc spread before the people, the more
the rebel chieftai ns know of our acts, and the readier
they are to defeat us.
I should have no objection to the passage of this
resolution if it could do anygood; but if Senators
are opposed to these arrests altogether, say so; if
they are in favor of these arrests, but believe that
this is not the proper mode, then let them come
into the Senate with a bill, and I think we shall
all vote for a pioper measure of that kind, and so
arrange it that disloyal pcisons may bo arrested
according to the forms of law. That I think is
the proper way; it carries no censure, it implies
no reflection on anyone; but I think the adoption
of this resolution,especially after the remarks that
have been made here to-day, will be regarded as
a reflection upon the President and upon the Sec-
retary of State; and if it is so understood, trai-
tors whose mouths have been closed during the last
four or five months will again open their tieason-
able hps, and Jefferson Davis and the men who
are supporting his rebellion will express their joy,
if they do not vote their thanks to the American
Senate for thus reflecting upon their own Govern-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just one word in refer-
ence to the closing remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts, I have already stated that this is
not a resolution to censure the Administration.
Who makes it a censure on the Administration?
Who seeks any such issue? The Senator from
Massachusetts is trying to make such an issue.
I have quite as high a regard for the Administra-
tion as he has. I stated the object of the resolu-
tion. It is a resolution of inquiry, and I have not
even said that anests had been made; but if there
is no authority to make them, and it is necessary
they should be made, we want to pass the neces-
sary law. The Senatoi from Massachusetts goes
olF in his zeal to denounce traitors, lie is no more
against traitors than I am; but I am for constitu-
tional liberty and against traitors, too. He is
against traitors and against the Constitution of
his country; and that is the only difference. I
will put down treason and save the Constitution,
save regulated liberty, and he does not care
whether there is any Constitution or not. I am
not to be put in such a position. The Senator
shall make no such issue with me, that the reso-
lution is introduced as a leflection on the Admin-
istration.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I see no object
in referring this resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary; and regarding that as a test question I
call for the yeas and nays. While I am up I will
take occasion to say that, as an humble member on
this floor, representing a sovereign State, in the
name of my people I protest against a certain doc-
trine which has been proclaimed to the country,
and which, if not expressly advocated, receives vii-
tual indorsement. 1 see no necessity for trampling
upon the Constitution in order to maintain it. 1
see no necessity for violating all law, and by our
refusal to pass this resolution acquiescing m and
indorsing usurpation of power, in order to pre-
serve the laws. We present to the civilized world
a very sad and humiliating spectacle, in upbraid-
ing revolting States for violating the laws and the
Constitution, when we ourselves are committing
equal if not greater outrages upon that Constitu-
tion and against those laws. What is it? One
man, unauthorized by the Constitution or the law,
usurps the power to arrest the citizen, to incar-
cerate him, to discharge him or hold him in prison
upon the tenure of his will, without the courts,
Congress, the people, or anybody knowing the
reasons for this usurpation.
I say to Senators on the other side, that the
members on this are ready and anxious to vote
for any law that will punish treason in any man-
ner, shape, or form; but let treason be punished
by law, and according to law. If the public ex-
igencies are such that these men must be arrested,
let them be arrested according to law; and the
same loyalty that gives you near seven hundred
thousand men for your Army, and money inex-
haustible, will sit in judgment upon and punish
these same men in the loyal States for a violation
of the law and for their treasonable conduct.
I did not rise for the purpose of participating in
this discussion. I merely wish to have it go upon
the record who of us are willing to inquire into
the conduct of our officials, and learn by whatcon-
stitutional or legal right they commit these revolu-
tionary acts. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I should
not deem it necessary,or even advisable,to saya
word on this resolution, but for the fact that the
debate which has sprung up here is likely to place
me m a very false position. The issue that is
made in the debate is one that is not necessarily
made by the resolution. On the one side, gentle-
men seem to think—at least they have so argued
—that if we vote for it, we are voting to censure
the Secretary of State, or the President, or both
of them. On the other side, it seems to be pre-
sented in tins light, that if we vote against it, we
are trying to stille an inquiry into illegal acts, be-
ing afraid from party motives to meet the question
directly. I choose not to be placed in any such
position, but to give the reasons which will actuate
me in the vote that I may be called upon to give.
I am always ready,! will say to the Senator from
California, to answer yea or nay upon the record
without fear upon all questions "that may arise
here; and 1 never yet saw the time when the call
for the yeas and nays influenced my vote one par-
ticle, and I hope I never shall see it. I trust that
is the case with all gentlemen here.
Now, sir, what is the proposition ? The Sen-
ator from Illinois has presented a resolution. I
might perhaps have wished that that resolution
had been deferred, on account of the state of the
country, and because of certain inferences that
may be drawn from it; but he has seen fit to pre-
sent it now. It is a resolution very proper in its
terms—simply an inquiry of a high officer of this
Government what law exists for certain acts that
have been performed by the Government. The
honorable Senator, in the explanation that he has
made, has stated to the Senate, on his own high
responsibility—and certainly there is none higher
in this body—that he desires it not for the purpose
of throwing the slightest imputation upon any
officer of the Government, but simply in order to
inquire with reference to certain acts, sufficiently
notorious, so that, if any further legislation is
necessary upon the subject, that legislation may
be had at the present session. Ti^e object is legit-
imate and proper, and the inquiry is calculated to
facilitate the object. What, then, are the objec-
tions that are made ?
My honorable friend from Massachusetts has
gone off into a discussion of the performances of
the Army, and has lectured us a little, (very
kindly, I dare say,) and the country in general,
upon the impropriety of our inquiring into any
military performances. I do not admit the prop-
osition in its full extent. I think it is advisable
always for us to hold our tongues as much as pos-
sible; but it is quite as advisable to open our
mouths and speak when we feel that the interests
of the country demand it; not onlyj^regard to
civil affairs, but military affairs. I lW-e not yet
seen the time when, with my profound and ex-
tensive knowledge of the military art, I thought
it advisable to express my opinions in public; and
I always do it with very great fear and trembling
even in private. In our case, however, I would
suggestthat it is hardly necessary that we should
trouble ourselves much upon military affairs, be-
cause both on the right hand and on the left we
have eminent military gentlemen who are per-
fectly ready to take care of these things, and ad-
vise us in regard to them; and therefore I rest
easy—for the present, at any rate.
I think, however, sir, that all that is foreign to
the question; and I think it is as foreign to the
question that we should be very much alarmed on
so simple a matter, of the very great dangers to
liberty that may follow. Let us look at it. The
whole difficulty arises from timidity; \vc arc afraid
to speak the truth before the country, and utter
our own sentiments with reference to these mat-
ters. I have no question, indeed I know, that,
under the directions from the Secretary of State,
certain individuals in the loyal States have been
arrested and imprisoned. That is notorious; the
whole country is aware of it. I will say here
that I do not believe there is the slightest warrant
of law for any such proceeding, and I do not sup-
pose you will find a lawyer in the country who
does think there is any warrant of law for any
such proceeding; and yet I do not shrink from it.
For the most part, so far as I know in the great
majority of eases, certainly wherever the neces-
sity existed—and I shall not undertake to judge as
to that—I justify the act, although it was against
law; I justify it from the necessity of the case,
and especially in the instances referred to by my^
friends from Maryland. I will not say in ail of
those instances, but in many of them; for I am
not aware of the facts in all the cases. There
are others equally notorious. Why do I say that
I justify it? Because, in my judgment, it was
absolutely necessary to the protection of the Com-
monwealth, if I may so call it—the Government
of the country. It was the business of the Ad-
ministration, under the circumstances, to see that
no detriment was done to the Republic, and where
they acted, believing conscientiously that the good
of the country demanded this action in this the hour
of her peril, although they may have acted against
law, I h.-nor the man who, under such circum-
stances, takes the responsibility; and I say here
that if I were in power as an executive officer,
and if I saw that the good of the country that I
was serving demanded that I should stretch my
