96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16.
authority, evcn'at the risk of my official or of my
own natural life, in order to protect the country,
as God is my judge, I would do it, and take the
consequences; and it is the duty of every man
placed in such a trust to do it. A man who stops,
who hesitates, in such a case to inquire, when he
sees that the building is about to be wrapped in
flames, whether there is a law to guide his action,
and pauses for fear that the newspapers may be
down upon him, or that he may be called to ac-
count, tnat he may be impeached even, is unfit for
a great place.
That is my opinion; but, sir, while I express
that opinion, I say that when he steps beyond it,
when the people see, or the representatives ofthe
people see that he is daring for a moment to use
that power and that pretense of necessity for a
nefarious purpose, for any purpose that is not
fully justified by the facts before him—when the
country sees, or believes, or dreams, or suspects
that he is acting from anything but the highest
motives that should actuate a public officer, then
I would be ready on the instant to check the first
advance, and to lay my hand upon the man.
Sir, we cannot trifle with these questions in
times like those that have preceded the present
moment. There have been hours, there have
been days, weeks, and months in the progress of
this rebellion, when it was the duty of the exec-
utive to act promptly, without fear, without trem-
bling1, at their own risk and the risk of public rep-
robation; and when they did it from good motives
and took that responsibility, it only showed them
in my judgment so much the more fitted for the
exigency which is upon us. But, sir, I agree
with my honored friend from New Hampshire,
I agree with my friend from Illinois, and others,
that we should watch carefully, most carefully,
the first cu^roach to any exercise of illegal power
that is noflrolly justified by the pressing exigency
ofthe hour, because it has been well said, and is
known as a principle which every man ccrtainly
of us must recognize, that we, standing here as
the guardians of public liberty, must see that no
man infringes on the liberty of the citizen,unless
under such circumstances that all the world will
justify him from the obvious necessity that re-
quires the act.
These arc the principles which in my judgment
are applicable to the times. I have no hesitation
about them; and when the Administration have
acted, whether wisely or unwisely, from good mo -
tives, from a desire to protect the Government and
protect the country, and in the exercise of their
powers have done some things that I concede were
not justified by any law upon the statute-book, I
am not disposed to quarrel with them; but 1 am
not disposed to conceal the act; I am not disposed
to be afraid to meet it*, I am not disposed to say
to them, keep dark about this thing. But if I stood
in the position which the high officer occupies who
is called upon to give this information, and the
inquiry was addressed to me, I would say frankly,
yes, I did these things either with or without
authority, and of that Congress must judge; the
Government did these things from its view of the
necessity of the case, and we justify it from that
necessity. His duty is to speak boldly and plainly
and frankly; and then the question arises whether
anybody will cavil at it. As I said before, I am
disposed to sustain it so far as my judgment ap-
proves what has been done; and I do nothing to
injure either the Constitution or the law, though
I may violate both, for I am acting for the pro-
tection of both. Therefore, sir, I think all this
issue that lias been made about any attempt to
throw imputation on the Secretary of State, or on
the President, or on any other officer, is hardly
called for. I am disposed to vote for this resolu-
tion now that the debate has sprung up, as it has,
because I do not think it wise to shrink from it.
I have nothing to conceal. I would not have a
Government try to conceal anything, or apologize
for anything that they iiave done with a good mo-
tive and with an honest intent to protect the coun-
try which is in their charge. Therefore, sir, as I
said before, although I would not have intro-
duced this resolution at the present time, I see
much harm that may come from shrinking for a
single moment from passing it and making the
inquiry. It looks as if we were afraid to meet it.
It looks as if wc wanted to conceal something
from our friends on the other side of the House.
Sir, I have no feeling of the kind. When this Ad-
ministration, or any other Administration to which
I have given my support, does anything which I
am ashamed to have known, it shall not have my
countenance further, and I will not aid in keeping
its conduct a secret under any circumstances. 1
supported a change of Administration from honest
motives, because I believed the country required
it, and I was disposed to give it a good one; but if
it fails to be good and honest, I am no longer a sup-
porter of it. I believe it is good and honest, and
therefore I sustain it, and I have nothing to conceal
in regard to it.
Why, then, should we not pass this resolution?
I have no objection to the reference. I would as
leave vote to refer it as to pass it. My only ob-
jection to the reference is that people may say I
was afraid of it. 1 say 1 am not. If you want
time for deliberation and inquiry from the com-
mittee,! am willing to favor that; but I only judge
other people by myself; and I say that if 1 were
Secretary of State, I should have no objection to
this inquiry being made, and I would answer be-
fore God and my country as to what I had done,
and why I did it, and under what authority 1 did
it, and the country should be my judge.
I agree with gentlemen who have stated that
the country approved of these acts. Why? Be-
cause the people of the country believed they were
necessary. They saw at the instant that it was
a stretch of power, and yet they justified it, and
from the very feeling and the very opinion which
I have expressed here—they believed in the neces-
sity of prompt, immediate action.
Now, sir, we are not sitting here as a judicial
tribunal to try anybody, but simply to make in-
quiries, if we see fit, and to sustain the Govern-
ment, so far as we see and deem that the Govern-
ment has acted rightfully. Therefore, I repeat
what I have said before, that, in regard to this
matter, I see nothing to conccal; I see no impu-
tation cast on the Government; if I did, I would
vote against the resolution. The time has not yet
arrived when I think it necessary to interfere in
this matter; but seeing none of the objections
which have been urged, I feel inclined to vote for
the resolution. The suggestions as to what the
country feels go with me for nothing, because I
have no fear that they will misjudge my action or
the action of the Senate. When the time arrives
for us to act upon what has been done, then will
be time enough for the debate.
Sir, I do not know by whose authority these
things were done. The presumption is, that com-
ing from a high officer, one of the highest officers
of State, it was done under the direction of the
President. It may have been so; it may not have
been so. I see no objection to our inquiring.
Somebody must take the responsibility; the ques-
tion is about the uct. I know there is a disposi-
tion among men to stretch their authority always.
When it gets to a point which threatens the body
politic, then it will be time enough for us to be
nervous about it. I believe in my conscience that
we need not, at this time, trouble ourselves with
any fear that there is a disposition on the part of
the Government to use its power unwisely or un-
necessarily. When every officer, large and small,
begins to thunder, and the heavens are full of it
from all quarters, or from any considerable num-
ber of points, I think it will be time enough for
us to begin to look and sec if there is any danger
ahead. I spoke the other day of the necessity of
keeping our power of supervision over all. I am
not disposed to take back anything that I said
then; and I am ready, if need be, to apply the
same rule which I would then apply to military
affairs, to civil affairs, and inquire into the con-
duct of all branches of the public service.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I did not
desiie to take any part in the debate, but I will
state two grounds upon which I desire this reso-
lution referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I undertake to say that the question which un-
derlies this whole matter is, whether the power
to suspend the habeas corpus is in the President
or is in Congress. If it is in the President, and
the responsibility is upon him, he is to judge of
the necessity which authorizes its suspension;
and if the ciause of the Constitution which de-
clares that "the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended unless when in cases
of rebellion or invasion the public* safety may
require it," vests the responsibility in the Presi-
dent, he, and he alone, is to judge of the neces-
sity; and I undertake to say to our friends here
that the war we are waging m this country is not
necessarily confined to those States where hostile
forces meet, but we are at war through the whole
country; every State is at war. We in Wiscon-
sin arc in this civil war; and if the enemies of the
United States engaged in this war are in Wiscon-
sin, it may be necessary that the power of the
President, under this authority given to him, if it
rests in him to suspend the habeas corpus, should
reach even to Wisconsin and make arrests and
suspend inquiry by judicial proceedings. When
this question was first raised, I admit that my
whole prejudices were against the power being
vested in the Executive; but when I read the able
argument made by the Attorney General, I con-
fess that I began to doubt whether the power
rested in Congress, whether it was not in the Ex-
ecutive, and whether, in the Constitution which
was framed by our fathers, the whole responsi-
bility was not put upon the Executive elected by
the people, responsible to the people, who sur-
renders up his office at the end of four years, and
who is liable to impeachment for any malfeasance
in his office, in the suspension of the habeas counts
or anything else; whether, by the very theoi y of
our Government, this more important than any
other power in a case of civil war of suspending
the habeas corpus is not placed in the Executive, and
in the Executive alone. Suppose a civil war arises,
and Congress is driven out of the capital, what
then is to be done? Where is the power to sus-
pend your habeas corpus? Suppose the very judge
that issues the habeas corpus is surrounded by force
and taken captive and prisoner. Suppose that
he is placed under military restiaint. It is a part
of the execution of the law, as is ably argued in
this opinion to which I have referred; it is a part
of the executive business with which the Presi-
dent is clothed, to judge when the courts may
safoly, in case of civil war, sit, issue their process,
and try offenders. Now, sir, I do not stand here
to say that I have definitely formed my opinion
upon that question even at the present moment.
I will say that I have not. I want the question
inquired into. I want the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to examine that question; to examine it
carefully, seriously, and take time enough to ex-
amine it and report it to the Senate, and let us
have their opinion upon the question whether the
suspending of the writ of habeas corpus is in Con-
gress or in the Executive; for it all comes to that.
If the power is m the President to suspend the
habeas corpus, his directing the Secretary of State
to order an arrest is no violation of the Consti-
tution; none whatever.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to go into
the discussion of this question. I made the motion
to refer for the purpose of sending it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary—of which the honorable
mover of this resolution is himself the chairman
—that we may have his best thoughts and his
report on this subject. Do wo not ail know what
the law is just as well as the Secretary of State?
Is it that we want to refer this resolution to find
out what the law is? Are we not presumed to
know something about the existing state of the
law? Sir, the question is—and it is this import-
ant constitutional question which lies at the very
threshold—whether the power to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus in time of war is in the Pres-
ident or in Congress? I want a leport on that
subject; and furthermore, if the simple lefrnmcc
to the Judiciary Committee is not sufficient, I will
move to refer it, with instructions, to the commit-
tee to inquire what further legislation is necessary
in order to arrest those who are guilty of treason,
misprision of treason, or conspiracy against the
Government of the United States.
Sir, what I want is action towards the punish-
ment of traitors. Now, when within sound of
this Capitol you can hear the guns of the enemy
who have tin immense army gathered near us,
which, if we have another conflict, and ourai my
i is defeated, is sure to take possession of this city,
and instead of having the war on the Potomac it
will be transferred to the Susquehanna—at this
time and this hour, when the enemy are in our
presence, and the Executive has drawn the sword
to strike, I am not willing to say one word which
shall paralyze the force of the blow with which
he shall strike at the enemies of the country. I
want the committee to consider two things: first,
the constitutional question whether the power to
