1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Patents is authorized to extend the patent for a
period of seven years, if, in his judgment, the in-
vention is novel, useful, valuable, and important
to the public, and the applicant for extension hav-
ing made all reasonable effort to introduce the in-
vention into general use, has not been adequately
remunerated for his time and expenses in discov-
ering and perfecting it; provided the application
for the extension shall be made within six months
from the passage of the act.
The committee reported the following amend-
ment:
Add to the bill:
 Snd provided further, That parties now engaged in the
manufacture of lampblack on the process so patented, shall
not be liable for any infringement of such patent prior to such
extension, if the same be gianted.
Mr. DUNN. This bill was reported to the
House from the Committee on Patents at an early
day of the session, and afterwards, on my motion,
was recommitted to the same committee. Parties
opposed to its passage have been before the com-
mittee, and the bill has received a careful exam-
ination. It seems that John G. Mini is a native
of France, and now resides in Philadelphia. He
emigrated to this country some thirty years since.
About twenty years ago, if I recollect rightly,
he applied for a patent for a new process for the
manufacture of lampblack. In his application—
through ignorance of the requisitions of our laws,
I suppose—he applied in the character of an Amer-
ican citizen, although he was not then naturalized.
The patent was issued to him; but in a trial at
law for the infringement of his patent, the fact of
his not being an American citizen when the letters
patent were issued to him, and of his not having
paid the additional fees required by law in such
cases having been made to appear, the court de-
cided his patent for that reason invalid. He then
applied to the Patent Office for a reissue of his
patent. This was done, on his paying the fees
required by law of foicigncrs over what was re-
quired of citizens, making the total fees paid by
him the sum of $300.
Afterwards, in a controversy in regard to this
patent, the court decided that although the Com-
missioner had a right to reissue patents for de-
fective specifications, he had no right to do so for
a defect of this kind. The patentee, therefore,
has lost the benefit of his invention on account
of the mistake, in the first place, in not stating his
citizenship correctly, and paying the fees required
to be paid by foreigners, and in the second place,
on account of the mistake in the Patent Oiliee in
reissuing the patent. The object of this bill is
simply to enable Mini to have his patent confirmed
and extended, if now, on reexamination, the Com-
missioner is of opinion that the invention was pat-
entable at the time of the original application. The
amendment now reported by the committee pro-
vides, at the same time, that patties now or here-
tofore engaged in the manufacture of lampblack
on the process so patented, shall not be liable for
damages for infringements prior to the reissue ot
the patent, if such should be granted. Mini ought
certainly either to have the opportunity of estab-
lishing his right to a patent, or have his money
returned to lum.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman from In-
diana propose to have this bill put upon its pas-
sage now ?
Mr. DUNN. I do.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is the bill printed?
Mr. DUNN. Yes; all except the proviso, which
is a limitation on the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As a general principle, wc
ought not to extend these patents. My attention
has not been called to this bill, and I have not
been able to hear the lemarks of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman has evidently not
heard me, for this cannot properly be culled a bill
for the extension of a patent, but a bill to relieve
a party of a disability in order that ho may have
a patent confirmed and extended, if the Commis-
sioner of Patents should be of opinion if ought to
be extended.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. Will the gentleman
allow me to suggest an amendment? 1 propose,
in place of allowing six months for an application
to be made, to make u thirty days.
Mr. DUNN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. P. A. CONKXING-. Then I offer that
amendment.
Mr. DUNN moved the previous question on
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee on Patents; and it was
agreed to.
The bill was^hen ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 3D; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, Joseph Baily, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Calvert, Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Conway, Cox,
Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler, Diven, Dunn, Edgcrton, Fcs-
senden, Fisher, Fiank,Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gmley,
Half, Harding, Johnson, William Kellogg, Lansing, Law,
Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Mallory, Menzies, Moorhcad,
An«on P. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, OdeU, Olin, Patton, Pike,
Pomeroy. Poitei. Piice, Alexander H. Rice. John Il.ltioe,
Riddle, Robinson, James S. Rolling, Sargent, Shanks,
Sloan, John B. .Steele, Stratton. Fnuici* Thomas, Van
Valkonburgh, Verree, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wall, Wal-
lace, Webster, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Wick-
line, and Worcester—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Babbitt, Jacob B. Blair, Butfinton,
Campbell. Chamberhn, Frederick A. Conkltng, Rorfcoe
Coukiing, Coming, Covode, Ciittenden, Davis, Delano,
Edwards, Eliot. Gooeh, Ilaight, Ilari Hon, Hutchm?, Julian,
Kelley, Knapp, Lonmt^, I,ovejoj£, MePherson, Maynard,
Norll, Peny, Timothy G. Phelps, Richaid^on, Edward IL
Rollins, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Shennan, Stevens, Tiaiu,
ChaiJes W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Wilson, and Wood-
rutf—39.
So the bill was passed.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that
Mr. Alley was in Massachusetts accompanying
the remains of General Lander.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received frowi the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he did, on the
6th instant, approve and sign bills and a joint res-
olution, of the following titles:
An act (Ii. It, No. 302) to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional cleiks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer of New York, and for other
purposcs;
An act (H. R. No. 294) requiring an oath of
allegiance and to support the Constitution of the
United States to be administered to masters of
American vessels clearing for foreign or other
ports during the present rebellion; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 37) in relation to
certain railroads in the State of Missouri.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr. Hutchins
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to regulate the franking privilege, upon which
Mr. Blaiii, of Missouri, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have sought the
floor, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of making
some observations upon the subject of the admin-
istration of the department of the West under
General Fremont. I did not introduce this topic
to the House of Representatives, nor have Ievei
desired to make any issue between General Fre-
mont and myself; but I have noticed for several
weeks past a very great pressure brought to bear
in certain newspapers to force General Fremont
back into an active command in the field, to force
the Administration, against itsjudgment, after ma-
ture deliberation, again to place him in command
of one of the departments of the Army. I have
seen telegraphic dispatches sent from 'this place,
asserting that General Fremont had a^am and
again demanded atrial upon the chaigespreferred
agamyt him, and that the Administration had
steadily refused him this act of justice. No part
of this statement is true.
Mr. RIDDLE. Will th.e gentleman state his
authority for that denial ?
Mr. RLAIR, of Missouri. I had intended to
give the House my authority without the request
of the gentleman. Unless General Fremont has
made that demand within the past three or four
days, I assert that he has not made it at all. I
have taken the pains to inquire of the Adjutant
General of the United States Army, through whose
office, under the regulations, such an application
would necessarily be made, and also of the Judge
Advocate, in whose office that application would
be filed, and I was assured by both of those offi-
cers that no such application had ever been made
by him. I refer to this matter for the purpose of
remarking that it is one of the most extraordinary
examples of an officer charged with grave errors
and high military offenses in the conduct of his ad-
ministration, and in consequence of such charges,
after deliberate examination by the Administra-
tion, dismissed from his command, and yet up to
this time he has demanded no trial or investiga-
tion. He quietly holds on to his office under the
censure thus pronounced upon him by the highest
officer of the Government, and has not sufficient
faith in his own innocence to challenge an inquiry,
which might deprive him of his office as well as
of his command. He prefers a different kind of
trial, one in which his own loose and unsupported
statements, and those of his friends, shall go to
the public, rather than a lawful trial in which evi-
dence can be sifted and a judgment pronounced
by his peers. I express the opinion, that if he
were to demand a trial he would obtain it. The
Government, although not disposed in time of 
war, as long as the officer depostd from his com-
mand neglects to make application for trial, to
detail for that purpose other officers of equal rank
now hi active service, and who could not well be
spared for such a purpose, yet it would not deny
him a trial if he should demand it. It has also
been heralded in the newspapers that the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war has unanimously
demanded the restoration of General Fremont to
an active command in the military service. 1
undertake to say there is no truth in the state-
ment. It is simply an attempt of some of his par-
tisans to induce the belief in the country that the
committee on the conduct of the war, after an ex-
amination into his administration of his depart-
ment, had approved it, which is not true in point
of fact. It is proclaimed upon the same authority
that he is to be appointed to an important com-
mand, and that he has been promised such a com-
mand by the President of the United States. I
do not know whether such is the case or not, but
inasmuch as the information comes in the same
shape as the other publications I have noticed, I
believe it is of the same character. The President
could not, with propriety, give an important com-
mand to an officer charged with the gravest offenses
known to military law, and on account of such
charges censured and deposed from his command,
who yet quietly submits to this censure, and does
not ask to have his character vindicated by a court-
martial. I think no other instance of the same
kind can be found in military annals.
The publications to which I have referred, put
forth by his partisans, foreshadowed and heralded
the simultaneous appearance of the statement made
by General Fremont in his oicn defense before the
committee on the conduct of the war, and the
speech of his aid-de-camp, the member from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Siunks,] made in this House the other
day. This speech and statement inaugurate anew
campaign, and in a new and more congenial field,
to be fought with new weapons, far differentfrom
the rude instruments of war with which General
Fremont has been so unsuccessful. It is a cam-
paign of proclamations, the only weapons which,
I up to this time, he seems to have used with eifect.
I I commend his choice of weapons. His procla-
| mations will not help the enemy as much as he did
j by supplying them with arms at his isolated and
j unsupported positions at Lexington and else-
| where, nor will his proclamations injure the Gov-
j ernment in its struggle to put down rebellion one
ij tithe as much as one single contract of his making
i; for condemned arms or for useless earthworks,
i! The statement made by General Fremont is ex-
1 traordinary both in its character and tn the man*
| ner in which it was made public. I do not believe,
j after the statements upon this floor the other day
I by authority of the committee on the conduct of
