1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
who may be received into the service ot the United Stares
under tin-. act, and who may be wounded or otherwise dis-
abled m tiie sot vice, shall he entitled to tile benefits which
liave been or may be conferred on persons disabled in the
jegulni tscmcc. and the widow, it there be one, and if not.
the legal hens of t-ueh ay (he or may be killed in service, in
addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, shall receive
the sum of $100."
Mr. ODELL. My point is that it was a con-
tract with the soldier when he enlisted that his
legal heirs should receive the $100. In reference
to this question of vested rights, of which my col-
league talks, [ have nothing to say. At the battle
of Bull Run, one hundred and forty soldieis from
my district were killed j and I have now numerous
cases pending before the Second Auditor growing
out of that provision of law—cases of fathers de-
pendentupon theirsons killed in battle; sons who
believed that the Congress of the United States
had made a contract with them that if they fell
their fathers should receive the $100. There are
other cases of brothers and sisters dependentupon
brothers for support who fell in battle. Now, I
ask the gentlemen of this House to keep faith with
these soldiers. I do not believe we have a right to
dot an t or cross a t of that law; but that" we are
bound to give these legal heirs, whoever they may
be, the $100 which we agreed to give in July last.
Mr. HARRISON. 1 desire to inquire of the
gentleman from New York whom he understands
to be the legal heirs of the deceased soldiers, as
specified in the act of July? There is no law of
the United States prescribing the canon of descent.
Mr. ODELL. I suppose the correct answer to
that question to be, that those are legal heirs un-
der that act who are such by the laws of the State
from which the deceased soldicis severally came.
Mr. HARRISON. That is what X supposed
the answer would be, and therefore it seems to me
that the Congress of the United Stales ought to
prescribe a uniform canon of descent; because the
laws of the several States differ, and differ widely
upon that point.
Mr. ODELL. So far as the remarks of the gen-
tleman refer to contracts made hereafter, I have
no objection to make, but I have objection to any
lack of faith upon the part of the Government with
the men who lost their lives in the battles of their
country. I have a very serious objection to in-
terfering with their rights, however remote the
heirs may be from the person dying.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend so as to
provide that where a portion of the heirs are loyal,
and others disloyal, the whole bounty shall go to
the loyal hens.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order now. It can be moved as an additional
amendment after the amendment of the gentleman
from New York is disposed of.
The question was taken on Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling's amendment, and it was not agiecd to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to amend
by striking out the word " heirs." It is a pro
forma amendment, merely designed to enable me
to reply to my colleague, [Mr. Odell.] I have
no desire, for one, to struggle against the sense
of the committee upon this question; but I cannot
but think that some gentlemen, my colleague for
one, allow their sense of equity to carry them a
little too far. The remarks of my colleague con-
stitute an argument in favor of this very amend-
ment. He says that one hundred and forty sol-
diers from his district have fallen in battle, and
that some of them have fathers and relatives de-
pendent upon them Now, that is a reason why
this bounty should be paid to their relative^; but
does my colleague state that as a reason why tins
bounty should be paid away to persons who were
never known to these one hundred and forty per-
sons that fell? Does he state that as a reason
why we should take money from the Treasury
and give it to those in no sense dependent upon
those who fell, and who are not affected in any
way by the fall ?
Mr. ODELL. Will my colleague allow me
to answer his question ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 yield to my
colleague.
Mr. ODELL. I answer it by saying, as I said
before, that the reason why I would give the rel-
atives the $100 is that Congress has voted to do
it by the law of last year, and I do not beliovo
that now when men have gone into the field un-
der that law and been slam, wc have a right to
dot an i or cross a t in that law.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to say
a word upon that point. In the first place, I deny
that Congress has voted any such thing. When
I was up before I intended to allude to the con-
sideration which was suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Harrison,] that nothing can be
more un-uniform than the laws of the States in
relation to heirs. In New York there is one rule
in regard to descent and heirship, and in other
States other and entirely different rules. 1 there-
fore deny that even technically Congress estab-
lished any uniform rule on the subject, or said
that any remote relatives anywhere should re-
ceive this bounty, because by the statutes of one
State it is true, and by the statutes of another
false, so that it still remains for a rule, and a just
rule, to be established.
Now, I put it to my colleague, in the light of
the reason which he has assigned for his interest
in this matter, whether he is prepared, in these
times of great expenditures, m these times which
we all agree appeal to us to practice economy as
far as we can, not only to pay bounty to all those
who have any equity or right to receivc it, but
to pay it also to those who have not been af-
fected as heirs, who do not know even that their
remote relatives were in battle, who never perhaps
will hear the tidings of their death, but who will
fall heirs to sums of money which no reason under
heaven can be assigned for their receiving ? That
is the proposition now before us. I am in favor
of paying this bounty to the relatives of soldiers
within the proper scope, whatever it may ba; Jam
in favor of carrying it to the utmost of what good
faith icquires; 'but the question here is whether
wc shall give it broadcast to everybody under
heaven who, according to the statute of any State
or according to any legal construction, may count
himself tluUegal heir of a soldier who has fallen.
I look upon that as a gratuitous waste of money;
and I think if the committee will consider the
subject, they will establish some line of demarka-
U0J1" MESSAGE IUIOM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informing the House that the Senate
had passed the joint resolution of the House au-
thorizing the payment of certain moneys hereto-
fore appropriated for the completion of the Wash-
ington aqueduct, with an amendment; in which
lie was directed to ask the concurrencc of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate (No.
260) to fvii itate the discharge of enlisted men for
physical disability.
BOUNTY TO VOLUNTEERS AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr, HOLM AN. I desire to suggest that there
can be no possible charge of bad faith on the part
of Congress for limiting, in this bill, the terms
made use of in the original act. This is but an
appropriation bill. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Edwards] seems to act upon the
idea that Congress is bound to carry out now the
provisions of the act of July last. This is a bill
appropriating money under that act, and it may
be limited to appropriations for the benefit of the
widows alone, or of the children alone, or of the
fathers and mothers alone. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire that this is a mere
appropriation. It is proposed to appropriate the
sum of $5,000,000. For what? For the purpose
of paying the bounty to that class of persons who
have the strongest claim upon the Government.
Who are they? The widows and children and the
fathers and mothers of the dead soldieis. They
have a peculiar claim upon us. We must meet
that claim. But there is no reason in the world
to talk about bad faith if by this bill we fail to
provide for another class of peisona who may be
embraced by the term heirs. If Congress shall be
ultimately called upon to make an appropriation
foi the uncles and aunts and nieces and remote
leiativL-H of our fallen soldiers, it will then be a
proper subject for consideration. But the ques-
tion here is whether wc shall now, and by this
bill, appropriate §5,000,000for the benefit of those
persons who have pecuhar_ claims, not upon the
bounty, but upon the jus/ice of Congress—the
widows and children and the fathers and mothers
of the soldiers who have fallen in their country's
service. Let these other persons—if there are any
such who are entitled to this bounty—these re-
mote claimants, wait until such time as Congress
can properly and legitimately act upon the subject.
The bill, as it now stands, only appropriates
$5,000,000. I insisted, when the motion was made
by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to
reduce the amount from $6,000,000 to $5>G00,090,
that that appropriation would be insufficient. I be-
lieve thatitisso. Letusappropriateittothebeftefit
of those who had a first and legitimate claim upbn
the soldiers who have been stHcken down in bat-
tle, their widows and children, their fathers and
mothers. If, hereafter, these more remote rela-
tives, uncles and aunts, and so forth, shall come
and ask Congress to make an appropriation to
carry into effect the act of the 6th of July last, then
Congress can appropriately determine to what ex-
tent the words " legal heirs" shall be regarded to
apply to those and others still more remote.
1 rose, however, for the purpose of moving, if
it be in order, to strike out the words " and legal
heirs," where they occur, and to insert in lieu
thereof, after the word "widows," the words
"children,fathers,mothers,brothers,and sisters."
Let us make this appropriation of $5,000,000 for
their benefit, and determine heieafter to whatextent
further appropriations shall go. The Treasury
is not so overflowing with money that we should
appropriate it to the benefit of those who have no
just claim upon the Government, and had none
upon the services or sympathies of the dead sol-
diers.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr, HOLMAN. I offer the amendment which
I have indicated, to strike out the words "and
legal heirs," and to insert after the word " wid-
ows," "children, father, mother, brothers, and
sisters."  
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, the propriety
of the puipose I had in view now becomes appar-
ent to the House, and that was to let this bill pass,
paying the families of deceased soldiers, and not
incumber it with anything about which we should
differ. If we have all this discussion here as to
whether we can, in good faith, limit the appro-
priation, now or hereafter, beyond the limitation
of the original act, we may have the same sort of
discussion in the Senate, and they may differ with
us, and this bill, which was designed simply to
provide for paying the families of those now de-
ceased, will be kept between the two Houses
until, perhaps, near the close of the session.
I now hope the House will adhere to the vote
which they gave just now, and that was, as I un-
derstand it, that they will permit this appropria-
tion to be made, and reserve all these questions
until wo reach the bill which is to come up to-
morrow or the day after, when they can be appro-
priately considered. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] can then, if he pleases, put
the limitation upon a provision of legislation for
the future, to which it will be germane, instead of
undertaking to put it upon what he says himself
is simply an appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will my friend from New
Hampshire permit me to say that there is no le-
gislation in this bin except so far as it appropriates
money?
Mr. EDWARDS. Now, Mr. Chairman, w
regard to the positions taken by thcgentleman from
New York, [Mr.Roscoe Cockling,] itseems to
me that they are the most extraordinary evei put
forth before any pubiic body. He says that wo
are under no obligation, by the terms of
ment, to carry out the provisions of the act ofjnly
last, because they provide for something which
the person who enlisted could not be supposed to
have an interest in. Sir, who is to judge of that ?
The person who enlisted might have had a niece
or a sister depending upon lum for support, and is
she now to be curtailed of what he understood to
be the terms of ins enlistment, and is it to happen
that a favorite sister oi favorite niece thus depend-
ent is to be deprived of her poor pittance thus sup-
posed to be secured, by subsequent cx post facto
legislation! Is that to be done ? And is it 10 be
said tlint he could have had no vested nghi.s in
this bounty ? T hold that he had vested rights the
! moment lie enteredtheserviceofhiscountry; llntt
he had a right to all that Congress, by its legisla-
