1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3039
interests of the State itself; but the interests of all
the States of the Union as a party to that agree-
ment thus made. That, sir, would be in my mind
a matter under existing circumstances that ought
to be fixed,especially it being in accordance with
what are the wishes and opinions of the people
of Virginia herself.
Saying these things, not proposing to make
any argument on the subject, but simply to state
my general good wishes and good feelings on a
subject which has so much interest to the people
of Western Virginia, I will now make the motion
which I propose to make; and that is, that this
matter be postponed with a view to take up the
Army appropriation bill, which is pressing upon
me at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, and that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the Army appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave of the Senate,
I will move that the amendment I propose to offer
be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order will
be made if theie be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No
376) to allow and pay to the State of Missouri the
amount of money expended by said State in the
arming and paying of troops employed in the sup-
pression of insurrection against the laws of the
United States'; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HARRIS. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Maine, I desire to bring the attention of
the Senate to a bill that is pending before the Sen-
ate—the bill reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary to establish in certain cases provisional
governments. It is a bill of considerable import-
ance, and if it is to be passed by the Senate atall,
it ought to be passed at an early day, so that it
can be acted on by the House of Representatives.
I do not desire to press it on the attention of the
Seriate so as to interfere with other important
questions, and yet I desire very much that an early
day may be fixed for the consideration of that
bill; and if the Senate will agree to it, I will name
Thursday, at twelve o'clock. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can only be entertained by common consent.
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to antagonize with
the Senator from New York 
Mr. HARRIS. I am willing to fix any other
time, only 1 want some time fixed.
Mr. HALE. I have two public bills that I have
been charged with for a week, and I have not been
able to get them in on account of private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (H. R.No. 450) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30ih of June, 1863, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The bill will be read by items, if there be no ob-
jection, and the amendments of the Committee on
Finance considered as each item is read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, as fol-
lows:
2?e it enactcil, §c., That tlie following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the
Armyfor the year ending the 30th of June, 1863 :
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of recruits, and
compensation to citizen surgeons for medical attendance,
$180,000.
In this clause the Committee on Finance pro-
pose to strike out the words " for expenses of re-
cruiting, transportation of recruits, and compen-
sation to citizen surgeons for attendance," and in
lieu thereof to insert:
For the recruiting service of the Army, namely : for the
enlistment of recruits, for quarters, fuel, stationery, straw,
postage, bunks, compensation to citizen surgeons tor med-
ical attendance, transportation from rendezvous to depots,
and ail otherexpenses until put in march to join regiments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read thefollo wing items, to which
no amendment was reported:
For purchase of books of tactics and instructions for vol-
unteers, $50,000.
For pay of the Army, $8,905,318.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, $1,574,186 50.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses, $283,414.
For payments to discharged soldiers for clothing not
drawn, $150,000.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers' servants,
$71,630.
The next item was read,'as follows:
For pay of volunteers under acts of 22d and 25th of July,
1861, $226,283,282.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
the clause by striking out " §226,283,282," and
in lieu thereof inserting:
One hundred and fifty million dollars : Provvled, That
the President shall not be authorized to increase the force
of volunteers beyond the number of seven hundred and filty
thousand men, rank and file; nor to appoint more than 
major generals, nor more than brigadier generals. And
all acls and parts of acts authorizing a larger force, or a
greater number of major and brigadier generals than are
above provided for, are hereby repealed.
Mr. KING. In the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, when this bill was considered, that commit-
tee deemed this limitation unadvisable, and agreed
to express that conviction to the Senate, and to
oppose the adoption of the amendment. I think
there can be no doubt as to the propriety of omit-
ting to adopt the limitation as to the number of
the rank and file, and the committee were dis-
posed to resist the adoption of any portion of the
clause. I am presenting their views to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HALE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment before the vote is taken on rejecting it, if the
Senate will give me their attention. I move to
strike out after the word "authorized, "in the thir-
ty-fourth line, all the rest of the line, and in the
thirty-fifth line, to strike out all the words in the
thirty-sixth line, and in the thirty-eighth line the
words " a larger force or a," and to fill the first
blank with "fifty "and the second with "two hun-
dred;" so that, if the proviso is amended as I pio-
pose, it will read:
Froiided, That the President shnll oot be authorized to
appoint more than fifty major generals, nor more than two
hundred brigadier generals. And all acts and parts of acts
authorizing a greater number of major and brigadier gen-
erals than are above provided for, are hereby repealed.
I have received from a distinguished officer in
the Army a letter giving some account of the
situation of things, and he says, most earnestly,
" for God's sake, send us no more brigadier gen-
erals." I want to make the provision simply a
restriction limiting the major generals to fifty,
which is more than we ought to have, and more
than we want, no doubt, and the brigadier gen-
erals to two hundred, which has already received
the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not put the major
generals at forty?
Mr. HALE. I should be glad to have it at
forty, and I will put itat forty. I move to fill the
blank in the thirty-sixth line with "fortjr," and
the other blank with "two hundred." The rest
of my amendment is as I have stated it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 wish to inquire if we have
not already passed an act to this effect.
Mr. HALE. The Senate has, but the House
of Representatives has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House of Represent-
atives has not acted on it.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if the House do not
agree to it, we ought not to force them to do so on
an appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "We can propose it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of War,
in making out his estimates for the next year, put
the number of volunteers that might be needed at
seven hundred and fifty thousand, and the appro-
priations in the bill are predicated on that number
of men. Inasmuch as the authorized number was
carried above five hundred thousand, rather by
accident than otherwise, and as seven hundred and
fifty thousand was the largest number the Secre-
tary of War thought it necessary to appropriate
for before the next meeting of Congress, it seemed
to be as well to fix that number by law as the limit.
It is better that the law should fix definitely the
number of troops, and, indeed^ everything should
be fixed upon "a proper system. Since then,how-
ever, as I understand from tlve Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and other sources, the condition of
things has somewhat changed. At the time this
amendment was proposed it was not proposed as
expressing the definite views of the Committee on
Finance with reference to the number of men to
be raised, because of that they did not assume to
judge; it was not within their province, and they
would of course in a very great degree be guided
by the opinion of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, who have that subject in charge. X under-
stand that the Committee on Military Affairs think
that this is not advisable at the present time, and
I can readily conceive the reason. It is known
that we have a great many soldiers sick, and a
great many wounded and disabled from service,
and we may have more in the same condition. If,
therefore, the number of seven hundred and fifty
thousand men, or thereabouts, should be needed
for actual service, it is very plain that if we limit
the number in that way the Government may find
itself without the number of men needed, on ac- «
count of the great proportion of sick and disabled
temporarily. I suppose that is the reason that in-
fluenced the Committee on Military Affairs, and
I can readily understand that that reason may very
probably exist.
It was not the design, in any shape or form,of
the Committee on Finance, in proposing this
amendment, to do anything more than suggest
that it was well to have a legal limitation. As the
law now stands, a million of men may be called
out. It may be that we may have suddenly to
raistf^iconsiderable numberof men more than we
now have; and if the Government is limited to
seven hundred and fifty thousand men whose
names are borne on the rolls, those who may be
sick and those who may be wounded and unfit for
service necessarily make part of the number, and
continue under pay, and that being the case the
Government may find itself in a condition where
it wants more men for actual and efficient scrvice,
and may be unable to procure them as the law
will stand. I understand that to be the reafoning
of the Military Committee. I yield to the sug-
gestion; in fact I luive nothing to yield, because
this amendment was nothing but a suggestion on
the part of the Committee on Finance; and as the
Committee on Military Affairs, on consultation
with the War Department, think differently, and
I can readily see why they should think differ-
ently, I do not feel disposed to press the amend-
ment fixing the number of men at seven hundred
and fifty thousand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from New Hampshire to the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a word or two
more to say, and I will say it now, in reference
to this matter, because that will save me the trouble
of saying it hereafter. The Senate will notice that
the Committee on Finance also recommended a
diminution of the appropriations, not to the extent
of one half, but perhaps more than one thiid. The
appropriations were founded on the estimates for
the year, and I will state the reason why wo pro-
posed to reduce them, because I am about to say
that we shall not insist upon those amendments.
As we are to meet again in December, it was sup-
posed, on general principles, that in appropriating
a very large amount of money, hundreds of mil-
lions of money, it would be wise for Congress to
keep the matter in its own hands; that is to say,
to appropriate all that could be required by any
possibility before that time, and to leave the rest
to be made up at that time.
I wish to say, sir, that that was not founded
upon any distrust or any disposition to express
distrust in the administration of the money, but
upon what we believed to be a safe and wise prin-
ciple in republican government, and that is, that
while liberal and proper appropriations are made
for all the purposes of the Government, especially
at a time like this, yet that where it can be done as
well as not, the whole subject ofexpenditu re should
be kept at all times within the control of Congress;
and therefore while we allowed to the military
department very much more than on their owii
estimates was necessary to carry the Government
safely into the month of January, to say the least,
and perhaps through that month, it was deemed
