1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
no other order given. He makes the distress of
Lyon the pretext for the purchase of condemned
arms, but he made no effort of any kind except
the orders given to Stevenson and to Montgomery,
to relieve Lyon's distress, and he provided neither
Stevenson nor Montgomery with transportation
to enable them to carry out the order of relief. If
he had provided the transportation for these two
regiments, they could not have reached Lyon in
time, although both could certainly have done so
had he made the order on his first arrival in Mis-
souri. He had other regiments in his command
which could have reached Lyon and reinforced
him, even if ordered as late as the 3d of August.
For instance, Wyman's regiment, thirteenth Illi-
nois, then at Rolla, and thirty-six hundred other
men, as shown by the report of Colonel Chester
Harding, jr., to have been at the arsenal and Jef-
ferson barracks on the 5th day of August, of which
Coler's Illinois regiment is stated by him to be
the only one not ready for service.
In this place I desire to allude to the assertions
of General Fremont and of Colonel Chester Hard-
ing, jr., to the effect that the force which Pillow is
said to have had, and with which he was threaten-
ing to assault and take Cairo, was demonstrated by
subsequenteventsnot to have been over-estimated.
Well, sia, if subsequent events have demonstrated
that fact, they have been very unfortunate in not
pointing to a single one of them. Neither of them
point to anything that has occurred that justifies
any such statement; and, in my opinion, there was
good reason for this singular reserve on their parts.
Months afterwards, when the battlo was fought
at Belmont, it was not supposed by any one that
there were twenty thousand men at Columbus,
under command of General Polk, who had then
taken the place formerly held by Pillow. It has
not been shown, by anything that will pass for
evidence, that there were twenty thousand men at
Columbus the other day when it was evacuated.
The fact that Pillow retired when the reinforce-
ments went forward under Fiemont, would go to
show that Pillow did not consider himself very
strong at that time, and the fact that no demon-
stration has sineo that time been made against
Cairo, are among the " subsequent events" that
do not strengthen their assertions. It is the opin-
ion of many well-informed persons that the move-
ment towards Cano at that time, as well as the
demonstration under Hardee against Iron Mount-
ain, were mere feints to draw off icinforcements
from Lyon,in order that he might be overwhelmed
by the superior force brought against him under
Pricc and McCulloch. The general and the ad-
jutant general who had been deceived by such a
ruse would be among the last to admit that they
had been outwitted, although the fact that no
serious attack nor even a demonstration in that
quarter has since been made will go far to con-
vince impartial persons that the enemy in that
quarter were standing on the defensive, and their
heavy fortifications at Columbus will be almost
conclusive. I leave this branch of the case. I
think I have made it appear that it was not Fie-
mont's first duty to reinforce Cairo in preference
to Springfield, but I am willing for the sake of the
argument to admit that he wascorrectm his judg-
ment upon this point. It is a matter of opuuon,
and will always be a matter of opinion, whether
he should have taken that course or not. I am
willing that upon the facts of the ease—not, how-
ever, upon Ins statement of facts—the country
shall judge his conduct upon this point.
There remains, however, another branch of this
case, which is not a matter of opinion, but a ques-
tion of fact, upon which I take issue with him. It
is the statement that he had not sufficient force
under his command with which to leinforcc both
Cairo and General Lyon at Springfield. It is
perfectly evident that he had enough to reinforce
Cairo, for that was done, and the enemy fled be-
fore his guind flotilla. I will undertake to prove
that he had enough also, after he had reinforced
Cairo, to have reinforced Lyon; and that he had
ample notice of Lyon's peril, and ample time in
which to forward reinforcements. I premise by
saying that it is curious that he should have
omitted, when he stated that he had not sufficient
force for both of these objects, to state also tiie
force which he then had under his command.
The statement which I shall make is not derived
from the books in the Adjutant General's office,
for I have had no access to them. General Fre-
mont probably has those books, or at least all the
data which embrace the returns of the number of
troops in his own department. My knowledge is
derived from my own early connection with the
organization of troops in the department, from my
association with them since, and from scattered
items of information which I have been able to
glean from the studied obscurity of General Fie-
mont's own ^Utements and the documents an-
nexed to it.
There was, on the day of arrival of General
Fremont in Missouri, sixteen full Missouri regi-
ments in the service of-the United States. They
were as follows:
First regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel F.
P. Blair, at Springfield.
Second regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Boernstein.
Third regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Sigel, at Springfield.
Fouith regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Schuttner.
Fifth regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Saloman, at Springfield.
Of these, the first regiment was the only three
years' regiment.
The sixth regiment Missouri volunteers, Col-
onel Bland, at Ironton.
Seventh regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Stevenson, at Booneville.
Eighth regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Smith, in Warren county, Missouri.
Ninth regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Fredericks, at St. Louis.
Tenth regiment Missouri volunteers, Colonel
Bayles, at or near St. Louis.
I find Colonel Schseffer's regiment, which I be-
lieve to be the eleventh regiment Missouri volun-
teers, is noticed in the Missouri Demociat with
that of Baylc's and Fredeiick's, as being armed
and equipped, and under marching orders on the
Gth day of August. In addition to these, the five re-
served corps regiments—Almstedt's, Kalmann's,
McNeil's, Brown's,and Stifcl's—were then in the
service, fully armed and equipped, and stationed
at different points in Missouri. There were four
Kansas regiments in his department—Dietzler's
and Mitchell's, the first and second, then with
General Lyon; the third and fourth regiments,
Montgomery's and Weer's,one at Leavenworth,
the other at Fort Scott, on the boundary between
Missouri and Kansas, about sixty or seventy
miles from Springfield. There were at that time
four Iowa regiments in the State of Missouri, the
first under Bates at Springfield, the second (Cur-
tis) at Jefferson barracks, the tlnrd (Williams)
on the Hannibal and St. Joseph raihoad; there
was one other in the State,and three others, mak-
ing seven regiments in all, in Iowa, and ready
for service; two of which, the sixth and seventh
regiments, reached Jefferson barracks on the 11th
of August, and a battalion of the Iowa fifth was
at the arsenal, St. Louis, on August 10; three com-
panies of the Iowa fourth arrived in St. Louis on
the 11th of August. There were eighteen Illi-
nois regiments in the service and under his com-
mand. These regiments were nunibeied from sev-
enth to twenty-iourth inclusive; six of these were
"three months" men, which I have already
named as being at Cairo in the command of Gen-
eral Prentiss, almost .the whole body of which
were reorganized and reentered the service, and
are now leading the column of victory in Tennes-
see. There wereten others, " three yeais "men,
numbered ftom thirteenth to twenty-fourth, in-
clusive, fully armed and equipped, all in active
sen ice, mostly m Missouri, and all under Fre-
mont's command. These ten regiments luid been
authorized by the Legislature of Illinois to be
raised by the Governor in anticipation of a call
by the President. There were one thousand reg-
ular troops under Lyon at Springfield, as will ap-
pear from the statement of the adjutant general,
Captain Kelton, which is among the documents
published in Fremont's papers. These consisted
of cavalry, artillery, and infantry. There were
also three companies of regulars at Leavenworth.
There was a battalion of four hundred home
£uai c's at St. Joseph underCokmd Peabody, who
w.is afterwards seveiely wounded in the siege of
Lexington. There were three bundled under Ma-
jor Hunt at Hannibal, and three hundred at Kan-
sas City under Major , who was also subse-
quently wounded at Lexington; there were also
one hundred and fifty at Booneville, tinder a gal-
lant officer, who afterwards defended that city
with his small force and dispersed eight hundred
rebels. The Nebraska regiment of four hundred
and fifty-seven men reached St. Louis on the 13th
or 14th of August.
Th is statement shows .that there were forty-four
regiments in the western department armed and
equipped when General Fremontarrived there and
took the command. On the 4th of August Gov-
ernor Morton of Indiana telegraphed to General
Fremont, as appears from his dispatch annexed to
Fremont's statement, offering him five regiments.
Surely these regiments could havebeen madeavaii-
able for the defense of Cairo, if any serious attack
had been made on that position, and although they
were not in the western department the Govern-
ment would not have hesitated to have given him
this force if Cairo had been attacked. The Gov-
ernment did consent to his taking those regiments,
for they arrived in St. Louis on or about the 17th
of August, and were soon followed by three other
regiments and several batteries of artillery from
that State, all of which have since served with
distinction in Missouri.
I propose now to show something as to the par-
ticular location of the troops actually in his de-
partment at the time of Fremont's arrival in Mis-
souri, and to prove that he not only had the men
to reinforce Cairo and to succor Lyon, but that
they were in position to be available to him for
those purposes. I read from a letter addressed to
me by Colonel John M. Palmer, fourteenth Illi-
nois volunteers, now a brigadier general, who is
well known to every member of this House from
the State of Illinois:
St. Louis, iVoiember 22, 1861.
Dfar Sin : On the 5th of July, 1861, the fouiteenth ic<;i-
ment Illinois volunteers (nine hundred stionc) eio^ed the
Mississippi river, and on the 13th moved fiom Hannibal to
Macon City, and lemaining there and at ltenieh arid Stur-
geon, on the Noith MNsouu lailroad, until the 9th of Au-
gust, and on the 10th leached Jefferson bai lacks.
When this regiment left Hannibal, the third Iowa and
the sixteenth Illinois were on the line of the Hannibal and
St, Jo-eph laihoad. On the 13m July, Colonel Tun-Inn's
Illinois legiment euuic into the State of Missouri. On the
14th, Colonel Grant's twenty-first Illinois was at Palmyra,
at which place Colonel Tnrclun was stationed. On the 31st
July, I found at Mexico Colonel Marshall'* fiiet Illinois
cavalry and one battalion of the fifteenth Illinois, Colonel
TleekeVs legiment having left the same plaee a few days
before.
Dunns the month of July the following regiments were
in North Missouri and within twenty-tour hours ot St.
Louis:
Fomleenth Illinois volunteers, (Palmer.)  900 men.
Sixteenth Illinois volunteer, (tSinith,) say  S00 "
Nineteenth Illinois volunteers. (Tinehm,) say.. 800 "
Fifteenth Illinois volunteers, (Tmner,) say.... 81)0 "
Twenty-first Illinois volunteers, (Grant,) say... 800 "
Fust Illinois cavahy, (Marshall,) say  600 11
Twenty-fourth Illinois volunteer*, (Heekei,) say 900 "
Third Iowa volunteers, (Williams,) say  "500
Total 6,300 men.
All these regiments were then full, and the estimate ot
then actual stiength ib low.
Vciy tiulv, &e., J. M. PALMEIt.
Colonel F. I'. Blair.
P. S. If it be inquired what all these regiments were
doing, the answer i*. eating their rations and holding the
railroads. J. M. PALMER.
t annex a statement, also, of the number and des-
ignation of troops taken by General Fremont to
reinforce Cairo, and it will be seen that of the
whole number of sixty-three hundred men, con-
tained in the list of General Palmer above, there
was but one regiment of these taken to Caiio—
ColoncITurchin *s—Jeavingfifty-five hundred men
within twenty-four hours of St. Louis, available,
when Fremont first arrived in St. Louis, to rein-
force Lyon:
List of troops taken by General Frtmont to Cairo, August
1,1861.
" Nineteenth Illinois regiment, Colonel Turelnn, armed
with Mimes.
"Seventeenth Illinois regiment
"Romlmuer's home guaid, composed of one battalion of
Almstedt'* and one ot Kalmann's of the fir^t and second
United States reserve eoips—eleven hundied strong.
"Second Iowa regiment, formeily Curtisand Captain
BuelPs battery of six'pieces; eight steamboats; Fremont
and btaff in lour carriages, the City of Alton steamboat being
especial!) devoted to the goneial and his staff ''
This statement is made from the columns of the
St. Louis Democrat.
j In addition to the regiments mentioned in the
■ schedule of Colonel Palmer within easy leach of
i Fremont, there was the thirteenth Illinois regi-
| ment, Colonel Wyman, at Rolla; Colonel Steven--
; son's legiment,at Booneville; Weer's regiment,at
