3040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1.
wise to reserve future appropriations within the
control of Congress, and 1 repeat thatthis was not
done from any sort of distrust of the Government,
because if there is any one man m whose entire
integrity and devotion to the country and ability
to manage the affairs intrusted to him I have con-
fidence, ft is in the Secretary of War. X have had
from the beginning, and 1 have no doubt mat I
always shall have. , , . .
Now, inasmuch as it is found that it is unwise
to make this limitation of seven hundred and iifty
thousand men, inasmuch as there may be a state
of things which may necessarily oblige us to raise
two hundred and fifty thousand men more and
come up to the limit on account of the condition
of the Army, it seems unwise to impose this lim-
itation on the appropriations, for we do not know,
in the existing state of things we cannot know,
what amounts of money may be necessary before
we meet again, and are uble to make a furthei ap-
propriation. For that reason,'and inasmuch as
the Committee on Military Affairs have decided
that the limitation ofseven hundred and fifty thou-
  sand men is unwise, and that it may be necessary
to raise a considerable force in addition, which
must be paid, as well as till the wounded &nu all
the sick,lam instructed thatitis not advisable to
press the limitation upon the amount of money
for the year, but to let it stand upon the original
estimates; and therefore I give notice that if this
amendment is rejected by the Senate, as I suppose
it will be, I shall not press the other amendments
reducing the appropriations.
Mr. KING. There are two distinct provisions
in this amendment. One is limiting the number
of the rank and iilo, and the other is limitwg the
number of major generals and brigadier generals.
In all Army appointments, the number of officers
is appropriately limited by law to some ratio or
proportion to the number of men of whom they
have command, and I suggest to the Senator lrom
New I-Iampshiro the propriety of so modifying
his amendment as to say that not more than one
major general shall be appointed for each division
of not less than three brigades, and not more than
one fcfigtvdicr general for each brigade of not less
than four regiments. There would then be a rca-
aonable limitation,
Mr, FESSENDEN. Forty major generals
would not come up to that.
Mr.KING. 1 make ihcsuggestion. Thatgives
u  a limit which will be m proportion to the num-
ber of men in the field. The present law, in my
opinion, may fairly be construed, so far as briga-
dier generals are concerned, lo allow one for each
brigiule; yet that is not the settled and fixed con-
MtrttRfion of the present law, but a vague idea I
know prevails with some that the number of gen
cruls is entirely unlimited. If the Senator from
Maine thinks it better to limit the number of ma-
jor generals by un arbitrary number, 1 shall not
interpose; I only make this suggestion to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire as to the propriety of
a different rule. *
Mr, GRIMES. 1 understand the proposition
to be to strike out this amendment that is proposed
by the Committee on Finance 
Mr. KING. Not to agree to it.
Mr, GRIMES. It is an amendment which
limits the number of men. 1 trust that the amend-
ment will be adopted, although I presume it will
not be. I intend to tote for it. 1 intend to vote to
keep the amendment in, as submitted by the Com-
mittee on Finance. 1 understand from the best
information we can get, that we have somewhere
between five hundred thousand and six hundred
thousand men in the service. I think the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, not
now in his seat, said there were not exceeding five
hundred and sixty thousand men the last time he
addressed the Senate on this subject. That in-
cludes everybody; it includes the sick and disa-
bled as well as those who aie well and who are
efficient combatants. It may be necessary that
this number should be increased, and I am will-
ing to sny that it shall be increased to seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand men; lam willing to say
that it shall be increased to eight hundred thou-
sand men; but 1 do say that it is the duty of Con-
gress to maintain control over this subject, and
not to allow an entirely unlimited number to be
called for by the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law limits it to a
million now.
Mr. GRIMES. The law, by a forced con-
struction—a construction which I understood the
Senator the otherday, when this subject wasunder
consideration, to say he did ifbtput upon the law,
and which the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs said he did not put upon the law,
and which we all know, at the time it was passed
no member of that committee put upon the law-
has been held, in the opinion of the War Depart-
ment, to authorize one million men. If it be ne-
cessary that a larger number of men shall be
called into the service of the United States, it is the
duty of Congress to furnish them, and 1 shall be
willing to vote that authority; but I am unwilling
now to strike out this limitation of seven hundred
and fifty thousand. We all understand that by
the actual construction put upon the laws of J uly
last a million men can be called out, and if we do
not limit it now, knowing that the necessity is upon
us, under the present condition of things, we shall
lead the Department and the country to believe
that we entertain the opinion that they really have
the authority to call out a million men m place of
five hundred thousand. If they want any more
men, it is the duty of Congress to give them. I
am willing to vote for them. I am willing to stay
here until December and vote for them as needed.
I am willing to be called back, upon five or ten
days' notice from the President of the United
States, to give all the additional men or money
that may be desired; but I do say that, in my opin-
ion, it is the duty of the Congress of the United
States, the representatives of the States and the
people, to keep the control of the number of men
and of the amount of money that shall be voted
for war purposes, as well as for any other put-
poses. I acknowledge that it is impossible for us
to ascertain anything about the number of men or
the number of officers. I am sorry to say that I
have not such unlimited confidence in the man-
agement of the War Department as my friend the
Senator from Maine has; and why ? I will illus-
trate my reason of a want of confidence.
At the July session we passed an act authoriz-
ing the President of the United States to appoint
additional aids-dc-camp on the recommendation
of major generals in the regular Army. Very few
of us comprehended the full import of that law
when it was passed. We all, at the commence'
ment of this session, believed it to be a mistake
and by an almost unanimous vote we repealed it
in this body, and sent the act to which that was
attached as an amendment to the House of Repre-
sentatives. It has not passed that body. At that
time there had been some forty-eight or forty-nine
additional aids-de-camp appointed. The mem-
bers of this body were astonished; they thought
it was impossible that such a number should be
required in addition to the extraordinary number
that we had already given to major generals and
to brigadier generals. Brigadier generals and ma-
jor generals in our service have more j«ds and i
'larger staff than the generals of any other Gov-
ernment in the world assigned to them properly,
belonging to them legitimately. _ _ ]
About eight weeks ago I introduced in this body
a resolution ('tilling for information, directing the
Secretary of War to inform us who have the con-
trol of these matters, who furnish the means for
paying those additional aids-de-camp, as to the
names of the persons appointed, at the instance
of what generals they were appointed, and to the
staff of what generals they had been assigned. I
happen to know that at least six weeks ago that
information was made out in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, and laid upon the desk of the Secre-
tary of War. Why has it not been furnished to
us? Why is such information denied to us? Why
cannot we obtain the names of the public employes
who are paid from our Treasury? Why is it that
the War Department excludes from us the facts
that properly belong to us, and which we ought
to have upon our tables as the basis for our legis-
lation?
Mr. President, various circumstances are daily
occurring which show to me that it is the imper-
ative duty of Congress to exercise a watchful care
and supervision over the management of the Ex-
ecutive Departments of this country. I am not
disposed to ignore my rights or my duties. I want
to give to the Government all the support that it
needs, but I want to vote that support. I am dis-
posed to giye it in a constitutional, legitimate, and
legal way, and in no other
Mr. FESSENDEN. The remarks that I made
were predicated upon the opinion of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. As I said before, the Com-
mittee on Finance, as a committee, did not under-
take to judge upon this subject, because it was not
within their proper sphere; and this amendment,
I before said, was introduced rather by way ot
suggestion. I say now, if the Senate should adopt
the opinion of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and refuse to adopt the amendment suggested by
the Committee on Finance, the proposition to
strike down the appropriations should be rejected;
but if the Senate act contrary to the advice of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and adopt the
amendment which was suggested by the Com-
mittee on Finance, I shall adhere to my original
amendments in regard to the amount of aPPro"
ICIIW Hi —- -- l J J
priatton, because, on the basis of seven hundred
and fifty thousand men, the amounts that 1 have
Proposed, by direction of the committee, will be
ample, more than sufficient to meet the expendi-
tures up to a time in the next session of Congress
when we can make additional appropriations if we
deem them necessary. I believe, and everybody
believes, that seven hundred and fifty thousand ef-
ficient men, or that number of men efficient to an
ordinary degree, making the usual allowance for
sick and wounded and those unable to perform
service, would be sufficient for all our purposes.
But it is suggested that there is such a condition
of the Army now, from the great number of sick
persons and the great number of wounded per-
sons, that it maybe necessary that the whole num-
ber should be greater, in order to meet the wants
of the service.' Of that I do not pretend to judge.
I have not examined the subject sufficiently to be
able to judge. .
The Senator from Iowa is mistaken in one thing.
I never said or supposed that the constructional
the Government, that they had authority to raise
by law a million men, was a forced construction.
As the laws stand, they have thatauthority. What
I said was that the authority was given by mistake
in drafting the second bill; that is to say, a proviso
was put in which was intended, as I understand,
to limit the number, to confine it to the original live
hundred thousand, but it was so worded that it
absolutely conferred authority to raise an addi-
tional five hundred thousand. That was the amount
of it. The chairman ofthe Committee on Military
Affairs has explained it once or twice in the Senate,
and explained also that he stated to the Govern-
ment what the meaning of the act was, and noti-
fied them more than once that it was not intended
to confer authority to raise more. After we ad-
journed, the Government understood what the
meaning of Congress was; but by the law as it now
stands,'I think they have the clear authority to
raise a million men, whatever might have been
the meaning of Congress; and therefore in draft-
ing this amendment, having satisfied myself thata
larger number than five hundred thousand should
bo raised, I fixed the amount at what the Secretary
himself supposed was the number necessary to be
kept in service, judging from the estimates that he
had sent to Congress. That is the simple truth
with regard to it.
Now, sir, this idea of making an appropriation
for a part of the year is a new one. It has never
been done heretofore. There would be no reason
why it should be done here if we were going on
with the ordinary appropriations in time of peace;
but it occurred to the Committee on Finance that
in the present state of things, when the appropri-
ations made were so enormous, and as it was
highly probable that before we met again a state
of things might exist which would render so large
an amount of appropriation unnecessary, as Con-
gress is to meet again so soon, it is the duty of
fcongress to keep the matter within its own hands
upon general principles. We hold the purse
strings, and should take care of the appropriations
made for the support of Government. I adhere
to that opinion, and under such a state of things,
to whatever extent my confidence in an adminis-
tration might go, I would always proceed upon
that principle. The Constitution limits these ap-
propriations to two years. You cannot make them
for the Army for more than two years. Now a
different state of things presents itself. The opin-
ion of the Committee on Military Affairs is that
the limitation of seven hundred and fifty thousand
should not be made; that the Government should
have authority, if they pleased, to raise more men.
