2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
tion,had promised him. Those rights were vested
in him when he enlisted, not when he died, though
they may have then become operative only in that
event. I hope that the House will reaffirm the
position which it then took, will reject the amend-
ment, and will defer adopting an amendment ex-
tending the provisions of this bill to the soldiers
of the regular Army, which, I am advised,is also
to be proposed, until the bill from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions shall be considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate
on this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the Chair, Mr. Walton, of Ver-
mont, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 413, making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of the bounty to widows and legal heirs of
volunteers who have died or may die, or have
been or may be killed in service, as provided in
the act of July 22,1861, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that all
further debate on the paragraph under considera-
tion be closed in half a minute after the committee
shall have resumed its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move that
the rules be suspended and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 413, making an
appropriation for the payment of the bounty to
widows and legal heirs of volunteers who have
died or may die, or hfive been or may be killed
in service, as provided in the act of July 22,18G1;
the question beingon Mr. IIolman's amendment.
The question was taken, and the Chairman an-
nounced that the ayes had it.
Mr. EDWARDS called for a further count.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ri.se to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. GOOCH. I make apoint of order, that the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Edwards]
called for a further count at the very instant the
Chairman announced what the vote was.
The CHAIRMAN. If a further count be in-
sisted on, the Chair will order tellers.
Tellers wereordercd; and Messrs. Holman and
Edwards were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So Mr. Holman's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by striking out the words:
For eomp«nsiitkm of ten additional clciks, hereby au-
thorized to be employed in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions, $12,000.
And inserting, in lieu thereof, the following:
Forthc compensation of twentv additional chirks, horrby
authoiized to be employed in tfin office of tho Coimms-
sionerof Pension*, to wit: For ten cleric ofthe fim class,
$1-3,000; for five clerks of the second class, $7,1)00; for four
cfeiks of the third class, $0,400; and for one clcik of the
fourth class, $1,8U0.
By reference to the report of the Secretary of
the Interior, it will be seen that ten additional
clerks would have been inquired for the service
of the office of the Commissioner of Pensions if
there had been no additional appropriation made
for the purpose of carrying; out the law in rela-
tion to bounties; and that jf the law should pass
to carry into effect the bounty piovision, at least
forty clerks would be required. The Committee
of Ways and Means, on further confeivncc with
the Commissioner of Pensions, have agreed to re-
port ari amendment allowing twenty additional
cleiks, and it is believed that that number is no
more than sufficient, in consequence of the gieat
additional labor already imposed, and to be im-
posed, on the office. ;
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. MORRIS. I move to amend by adding '
the following proviso: ° ■
Provided, That the said bounty shall he paid to tUe f u !
lowing per.'Oif9, and in the otd ir following, and to no other I
peisons, to wit: first, to the widow of such deceased sol-
dier, if tfiere bo one ; second, it there be no widow, then
to tnc children of such deceased soldier, share and share
alike; thud, if such soldier left neither widow nor child
or childicn born in lawful wedlock, then, and in that ease,
such bounty shall be paid to the following peisons, pio-
videclthey be citizens of the United States, to wit: fust, to
the mother, or, if she be dead, then to the father of sue!)
soldier, or, if there be neither father nor mothei, as afore-
said, then such bounty shall be paid to such of the brotheis
and sisters of the deceased soldier, resident as aforesaid,
who may have been dependent on such intestate for support.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will modify his amendment so as to strike
out those last words in regard to the sister or
brother being dependent.
Mr. MORRIS. I accept the modification,and
I also ask leave to modify the amendment by strik-
ing out the words " born in lawful wedlock." I
copied the words from Senate bill No. 175, but
it has been suggested by several gentlemen that
I should strike them out.
The question was taken; and the amendment,
as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON. I offer the following as
an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 5. &u1 be it farther enacted, That that part of the
sixth section of the act to authorize the employment of vol-
unteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting the pub-
lic property, approved July s22,1861, which secured to the
widow, if there be one, and if not, to tho legal heirs of such
volunteers as might die or be killed in the service, in addi-
tion to all arrears of pay and allowances, a bounty of $100,
shall be held to apply to those persons who have enlisted in
tho regular force, since the 1st day of Julv, 1861, or shall
enlist in the regular force during the year 1862, and shall be
paid to the heirs named in this act; and that the bounties
herein provided for shall be paid out of any moneys in the
Trpasniy not otherwise appropriated.
By tho bill authorizing the enlistment of volun-
teer forces, it was provided that when the soldier
was honorably discharged, he should have an
allowance, in addition to his pay, of $100; and it
was further provided that, in case of his death, it
should be paid to his widow and heirs. In pro-
viding for the organization of the eleven new regi-
ments of the regular Army, it is provided that the
men enlisted in the regular force after the 1st of
July, 18G1, shall be entitled to the same bounty,
in every respect, as is allowed or to be allowed to
the volunteer soldiers. Now, in the Second Aud-
itor's office, they have construed this as applying
only to that portion of the law of 22d July which
authorized this bounty to be paid to such soldier
in case of his honorable discharge; and they have
decided, in pursuance of that idea, that in case of
the death, either from wounds or disease, of a man
who had enlisted in one of the regular regiments
authorized in July, his heirs are not entitled to
that bounty.
The amendment which I offer is intended to
correct what f consider to be too strict a construc-
tion of the law in the Second Auditor's office, and
to carry out what certainly was the intention of
Congress last July—namely, to put on precisely
the same footing the volunteer force and the new
regular force. And I may add that one purpose
in passing that act providing that these bounties
shall be drawn by the men who were enlisted in
the regular service, grew out of the fact of the
extreme difficulty of obtaining enlistments for the
new regiments of the regular Army while the vol-
unteer regiments were not full, it was in order
to induce men to enlist in these new regiments of
the regular Army that this provision was inserted.
The purpose of Congress was clear, and it has
been defeated to a certain extent so far, by the
misconstruction, or rather I should say, the too
ciose construction, as it seems to me, of the Sec-
ond Auditor.
My attention was not called to the construction
given to that provision of the law until to-day,
when I rcccivcd a communication from the Second
Auditor, in response to an application of this de-
scription made to him, in behalf of a family in
my own district, in which he informs me of the
construction g?ven by him.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman whether
his amendment has reference to the soldiers called
into service by the act of 22d July ?
Mr. McPHERSON. It does.
Mr. llOLMAN. And not to those called out
previous to that act?
Mr. McPHERSON. My object is simply to
carry out the provisions of the act of July last, as
it was intended to be passed by Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to me
this amendment is evidently complicating the bill, j
I think it will require further consideration before
the House will be prepared to pass upon it. I
hope, therefore, it will for the present be voted
down.
Mr. McPHERSON. I hope not. There can
be no difficulty in understanding it.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if the Second A nditor decided
that the heirs of those who were killed in battle
before the expiration of two years were not enti-
tled to the §100 bounty?
Mr. McPHERSON. The decision to which I
refer is simply that the heirs of the enlisted men
in the new regiments of the regular Army, who
die or are killed in battle, are not entitled to the
bounty. The Second Auditor says :
"In the case of DeWitt C. Piper, deceased, late private
in company B., eighteenth infantry, the application filed by
thefathei wasfoi "bounty," to winch the heirs of deceased
soldieis of the regular Army are not entitled, the same to
be paid only to the soldier after completing his term of
service
That is to say, that if a man enlists in one of
these new regiments of the regular Army, and lie
is honorably discharged, he can draw this $100
bounty; but if he is slain in battle his heirs can-
not draw it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I dcsiie to make this sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Vermont: certainly
in granting bounty to the widows and heirs of
those who fall in battle, there ought to be no dis-
crimination.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the gentleman that there isanother bill coming up,
to which this amendment, I think, will be more
pertinent than it is to this. I would rather, there-
fore, that this matter should be postponed for the
present.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
substitute, as amended.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to vsay, before the
adoption of this substitute, that I understand now
by the action of the House that there is no pro-
vision made for the payment, and is to be no pro-
vision in this bill for the payment, of certain per-
sons who were entitled to bounty under the act
of last July, by reason of the decease of certain
soldiers which has already taken place, and which
was then promised them. I understand by the
expression of the determination of the House
that some of the money to be appropriated in this
bill is to be applied to one class of persons who,
under tile act of July last, were entitled five
months ago, by the law as it now exists, to re-
ceive the bounty as hoirs of deceased soldiers, and
who have had their papers for months at the De-
partment, which have not been passed upon, only
because there was no appropiiation out of which
they could be paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that there is no question before the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no debatable
question.
Mr. EDWARDS. Docs the Chair decide that
the debate has been closed upon this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
debate has been closed upon the amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understood the gentleman
from Vermont to move only to close debate upon
the particular clause then under consideration.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his question of order. This is a matter
in vahich we are all deeply interested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. EDWARDS. Now, Mr. Chairman, a
class of persons embraced in the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana were entitled to this
bounty three months ago, and,as I have said, the
Department only withheld payment because there
was no appropriation out of which they could be
paid, and I ask now if it is justice to withhold that
bounty by new legislation? It seems to me that
whatever the House may see fit to prescribe in
reference to the heirs of those who may die here-
after, it would be the grossest injustice to the heirs
of those who have already died to deny them the
bounty we have promised. That, however, will
be the effect of the substitute if it is adopted, and
as the original bill is not liable to that objection,
butconforms strictly to the requirements ofthe law
already passed, I hope, therefore, that the substi-
