98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
. Mr, President, I have occupied the attention of
the Senate far longer than I intended. It was not
my purpose to have said one word upon this reso-
lution; but I regard it as of more moment to us,
to the cause, and to the country to defeat this
resolution than to have defeated or t.o have adopted
any resolution that has been before us this ses-
sion ; and it is with the utmost respect for the
gentleman who introduced the resolution, and for
those who have advocated it, that I repeat again,
iti conclusion, that it is a renewal of the very same
discussion that occupied our attention in July,
forced upon us by those who are now open and
acknowledged traitors, now in the enemy's camp,
and in arms against the Government, and who
would be the warmest and most zealous advocates
of the passage of this resolution if they were here,
and who will rejoice with joy almost unspeakable
if we do what I trust we shall not do, adopt it,
and record our vote of censure against the Admin-
istration, for it virtually amounts to that. I know,
sir, it is not so intended, but it virtually amounts
to that; it goes to the country with that impres-
sion. It carries that moral effect with it every-
where that it does go, in connection with the
debate that has sprung up upon it.
I have the utmost confidence, Mr. President,
that the Senator from New Hampshire will record
his vote with us on this resolution, for he advo-
cated it only from an obdurate habit, which he
admits in his opinion is perhaps a vicious one, of
opposing every Administration that has existed
since lie has been in Congress. [Laughter.] The
habit has grown so strong upon him that he has
not been able to restrain it upon this occasion;
hut I expect his vote with us on this resolution.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to aslc the Senator from
Illinois, who has alluded to the case of Mr. Faulk-
ner, whether he understands that Mr. Faulkner
was charged with any treasonable practices, or
any infidelity to the Government? I ask him that
because I have been told since I arrived here, by
persons who profess to have direct knowledge on
the subject, that Mr. Faulkner was not charged
with any infidelity to the Government at all, but
was arrested and held as a sort of hostage. That
is one case which does not come within the rule
which he justifies.
Mr. BROWNING. I will with great pleasure
answer the question which has been so very re-
spectfully asked, and will say to the Senator from
Maryland that 1 am not informed in regard to the
facts connected with the arrest of Mr. Faulkner.
I have not had the means or the opportunity of
obtaining information upon the subject; but, as
the power is intrusted to the Executive, as that
is the proper source of power for such acts, I
have rested in the confidence, the perfect assur-
ance, that it would not have exercised that power
without an investigation on its part, and the as-
certainment of facts, which, in its opinion, fuliy
justified it. I will answer in relation to the other
suggestion of the Senatorfmm Maryland 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
to answer the question, I think I can answer the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. BROWNING. In a moment. If the ar-
rest were made for the reason suggested by the
Senator from Maryland, to hold Mr. Faulkner as
a hostage, why, sir, upon that ground, I cannot
hesitate one instant to justify both the power and
the exercise of the power.
Mr. WILSON. I think I can answer the Sen-
ator from Maryland in regard to Mr. Faulkner.
I think the Senator will find that the Government
had positive evidence, under oath of witnesses,
that Mr. Faulkner, while representing the Gov- !
ernmont of the United States at Paris, was in the I
receipt of correspondence from men organizing \\
the rebellion against the United States, stating that i|
it was going on, and what acts would be done, ')
and that those letters were read in his own house, .j
Ihe facts and the statement in regard to those let- tj
ters; are m the possession of the State Department \\
to-day; and he was sent to prison.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Illinois! has If
made a personal appeal to me, and I desire to say il
a word in reply. He says that I have an obdu- j
rate habit of opposing Administrations. I do not :
mean to oppose this one unless I am driven to it; !
and I hope I shall not be. But he has great con- i
fidcnce that I am going'to vote with him against '
this resolution. Well, sir, there is a habit I have I
not got—that of making a speech on one side of a
question and voting on the other. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret the
necessity of saying anything further with refer-
ence to this matter, which has assumed a very
wide range for a mere resolution of inquiry, and
I certainly should not do so but for what has
fallen from my .colleague, at whose remarks I feel
somewhat surprised. I know, sir, that it is a very
common thing to attempt to change issues, espe-
cially in trials of causes in court, and no one is
more adept in court than my colleague. It is not
an uncommon thing when one has a bad case to
try to get up an issue that is not involved in the
case. Now, my colleague certainly would not
upon reflection ask the Senate to vote against this
resolution because Mr. Breckinridgc, if he were
here, would vote for it. Would that be a reason?
Is that the high motive by which Senators of the
United States are governed? That is his first
reason why this resolution should not pass, and his
last one; for he made the appeal as he sat down.
If Mr. Breckinridge were here he would vote for
the resolution ! I have known men governed by
prejudices of that kind, but I did not suppose that
such an appeal as that would be made to the
Senate of the United States.
My colleague further says that this is a bad time
to offer such a resolution. Why, sir, it is the only
time when there would be any occasion for such
an inquiry. It is in jnst such times as these that
this power is exercised. It is only on such occa-
sions as this, I know, that he would attempt to
justify it. In a time of quiet and peace in the
country he would notagree that men should be ar-
rested withoutcharge, without complaint, without
opportunity to answer. From necessity, if you
ever make the inquiry, you must do it now.
But he says this will demoralize and weaken the
Government. Let us see the position of my col-
league. He says that he has obtained from the
Senator from Maine, when he admits that he would
arrest certain persons under circumstances which
he mentions, all that he wants; and then that the
arrest is constitutional. Is there any harm, sir, in
j inquiring of the Secretary of State by what law he
made arrests, when my colleague says they are
perfectly constitutional?
Again, he wants to know who has been wrongly
arrested. Has that anything to do with the ques-
tion ? Are we to inquire here as to whether a party
was rightly or wrongly arrested? This is a sim-
ple resolution of inquiry as to whether arrests have
been made—I have not even asked for the cause—
and if so, by what authority. My colleague says
the authority is ample. Then will any harm be
done?
He_ would put some of us in the position of
chargingtheGovernmentwith usurpation. Why,
sir, the resolution does not even assume that an
arrest has been made. It asks if any have been
made; and no one that I am aware of has charged
the Government with usurpation. We were dis-
cussinga principle whether the making of arrests,
if any such were made, without authority, without
charges, without opportunity to answer, would
not be a despotism, and he chooses to charge upon
some of us haying said that the Executive was a
usurper. No language that has fallen from me
will justify any such imputation.
He says, moreover, we give aid and comfort to
the enemy by this resolution. Sir, I disagree with
him totally. If you will have a united people, if
you will bring up the twenty millions of loyal
people in this country as one man to crush out
this wickcd rebellion, you must bring them up be-
lieving they are fighting for constitutional liberty;
you must bring them up believing they are fighting
for law, and to maintain the institutions which
are established by the Constitution; and you will
weaken your Government, you weaken Us hands
when you do anything that creates the impression
in any portion of the country that we are not
fighting for this regulated liberty.
Now, sir, I think that what I have said—and
I am not disposed to prolong this debate-—is a
complete answer to all that fell from my colleague.
The principle with which he commenced and
ended, I confess I am unable to answer: because
if Mr. Breckinridge was here he would vote a cer-
tain way, therefore,Senators, you must vote dif-
ferently ! One Senator here instanced what the
rebels weredoing—thatthey imprisoned men; that
they arrested people; that they violated the Con-
stitution—as if that was any reason that wc should
do it. Why, sir, I claim that we are better than
they. I claim that wc will put down rebellion
and preserve the Constitution; we will not violate
the Constitution nor attempt to overthrow it; nor
do I say that that has been done. I have sup-
posed a case which might amount to a usurpa-
tion, but 1 charge no usurpation; and this attempt
which is made here to array persons against the
Administration, it seems to me, is a most singu-
lar one. What is to be gained by it ? Has any-
body who has been in favor of this resolution
said they were against the Administration? Has
not every one disclaimed it? Does my colleague
want the country to believe that a portion of this
Senate—the friends of the Administration—are its
enemies? Does my colleague want the country to
believe that Congress is making war on the Presi-
dent? Why assert it in the face of the declaration
of every one that he has no such intention ?
Mr. BROWNING. Will my colleague permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I took pains, Mr. Pres-
ident, to assert, over and over again, that I was
sure there was no hostility to the Administration
on the part of any of the gentlemen connected
with the advocacy of this resolution; and I took
especial pains to say so in reference to my col-
league. I did say that my colleague based his
speech upon the danger of tyranny or usurpation
of power. That was his language; and I did say
that that language and this debate, going to the
country in connection with the passage of the
resolution, would give a false impression abroad
that there was hostility to the Administration at
the bottom of this movement. I think I ought
not to have been misunderstood; and I am sure my
colleague does not design to misunderstand me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood my colleague
to impute to me having charged the Executive
with usurpation.
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was speaking of a prin-
ciple, the assertion of which might lead to des-
potism, not of acts done by the Executive. But,
sir, I do not wish to prolong this debate. I hope
we may be permitted to take a vote on the motion
to refer the resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I believe the yeas and nays have been
called on that motion. Let that be a test vote, and
let us get through with it.
Mr. COLLAMEU. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that the gentleman cannot make any motion
of this kind a test vote because he says so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer this resolution to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and on that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not un-
derstand this as being a test vote, but simply to
be the most proper disposition to be made of the
resolution. [" Exactly."]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Browning. Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes'senden, Foot. Fos-
ter, Harris, Howe, Johnson of Tennessee. Kmy, Lane of
Indiana, Morrill, PomeroyjRice, Sherman, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messis. Bayard, Bright, CarlUe, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Kennedy, Latham, McDougall, Xosmith, Pearce,
Powell, Saulbbuiy, Thomson, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and
Willey—17.
So the resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
SENATOR FROM KAXSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to give notice that to-
morrow, at one o'clock, I shall move to take up,
or rather shall call up for the attention of the Sen-
ate, the report of the Judiciary Committee upon
the memorial of Mr. Stanton, asking a seat on
this floor as a Senator from the State of Kansas,
and I intend to press the question upon the atten-
tion of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move lliat the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
