THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 2, 1869.
New Series No. 191.
that is, to have more ill pay, for the reason that
they cannot keep the requisite number of efficient
men in service. If that necessity exists, the other
consequence follows, that the limitation which the
Committee on Finance have put upon the appro-
priations would be an improper one, for more
money might be necessary before we met, and
therefore I stated that if the Senate was of opin-
ion that the judgment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was to be followed, (and it certainly
is better than that of the Committee on Finance,
I agree, because it is their appropriate matter for
consideration,) then the other consequence must
follow also. Of that the Senate will judge.
I did not state, as my friend from Iowa sup-
poses, that I had unlimited confidence in the Sec-
rotary of War. I have unlimited confidence in no
man on the face of the earth, for I believe that the
best men are liable to errors in judgment and may
commit very serious mistakes. What I meant to
say was—and indeed it is not necessary I should
say it, for I presume nobody doubts it—that in
the entire integrity of the Secretary of War, in his
devotion to the best interests of the country, and
in his devoted unceasing desire to end this war,
and to bring it to a speedy and as good a term-
ination as possible, by the most stringent means
in his power to exercise, I could have no more
confidence in any man than in him who is at the
head of the administration of that Department. I
thought it was only advisable for me to say it be-
cause 1 had proposed a change in the ordinary
course of proceedings in regard to appropriations.
That the Secretary of War may be liable to com-
mit errors, that he may make mistakes, is only
saying of him what I should say of any man, es-
pecially a man burdened as he is with such im-
mense cares and responsibilities. I know nothing
of my own knowledge in reference to the facts
stated by my friend from Iowa. Of course I take
everything that he says as gospel. I knew that
a resolution was introduced of tne character he has
stated, and I do not understand that it has been
answered. Whatever my friend says as coming
within his own knowledge, I take for absolute
verity, as I have every reason to take it; but I am
free to say that if that resolution has not been
answered and that information has not been com-
municated to Congress, it is a very improper thing
and it ought to be done at once. We ought to
know, we have every right.to know, when we are
obliged to make appropriations to pay our Army,
whether ihe laws have been complied with, and
what is the real and true state of facts; and I see
no reason, and can imagine no reason, why that
reply has not been made, but it is perfectly within
the competency of the Senator from Iowa to move
an amendment to this bill, if he sees fit, with ref-
erence to that matter.
I do not feel disposed to prolong the debate on
this subject. The Senate will act according to its
own judgment with reference to this matter.
Mr. KING. When Congress met last July, the
President called for four hundred thousand men.
The Military Committee at that time thought it
proper to give him a margin beyond that, and
brought in a bill to authorize the raising of five
hundred thousand men. It was understood, as I
supposed until we reassembled herein December,
that the number of volunteers authorized was lim-
ited to those figures—five hundred thousand men;
but there was in a subsequent act a clause, a rep-
etition of the first, which has received a construc-
tion authorizing another five hundred thousand
troops to be raised; and this last construction is
to be found in the Army Register. I read from
the Register:
" By section one of the act of July 22, 1861, and section
one of the actof July 2o, 1861-"'—
Three days'difference—
" it will be observed that the President is authorized to
call out a million of men. By section two of the act of July
22, I8G1, it is provided that tile propoilion of cavalry and
mullery shall not exceed one company of each of those
arms to every regiment of infantry. The authorized pro-
portion of cavalry and artillery, then, to four hundred and
thirty regiments of infantry, would he thirty-five regiments
of each."
191
They construe the law as thus limiting their
numbers, but it is twice the amount which I am
sure w^s the judgment of the Military Committee
as to what would be sufficient, though I am free
to say, from expressions made by members of that
committee and my own opinion, that if it had been
deemed by the Executive thatmore than the num-
ber of five hundred thousand was wanted, it would
have been chcerfully granted. The opinion ex-
isted then that the number should be fixed and
limited by law. That, undoubtedly, is the proper
mode by which armies should be raised, and the
money raised to pay them. The number of men
should be fixed by law, and the amountof money
which they are to be paid should be fixed by law.
There should be nothing, if it is possible to avoid
it, left to discretion, either as to the number or the
pay of the troops.
The construction given to these laws—and I am
not prepared to say that the language of the laws
does not justify this construction—amounts to
what is, in fact, an unlimited discretion as to the
number of persons to be called out, because a mil-
lion is a larger number than it is at all probable
will at any time be accepted. For that reason,
this would, in fact, be no limit at all. I have no
idea that we shall ever reach that; I have no idea
that there is any expectation anywhere that we
shall reach that number. At any other time I
could have assented, and I should do so now but
for the reasons which have been presented to the
Military Committee recently, to this amendment
proposed by the Committee on Finance limiting
the number. There was at one time a suggestion
to limit the number to five hundred thousand, thus
correcting what was supposed to be a loose con-
struction of the acts of Congress of last year; but
we did not interfere, inasmuch as we did not have
the information as to how many troops we had in
the field; but from the best information we could
get it was very certain that there was a larger
number than five hundred thousand; and we have
hoped constantly that a condition of things would
come when by some decisive success this matter
might be terminated. We are hoping and looking
for that; I am now hoping and looking for a gath-
ering of our force that shall strike the head of this
rebellion and crush it. When that is done, in my
judgment a much smaller amount of force will be
nccessary at any time thereafter; but I have been
indisposed, without a better knowledge than any
of us here could have, to diminish or to limit by
a single soldier the forcc that has been callcd out
until that decisive blow was struck.
It is not necessary now to recur to the condi-
tion of things as they exist in the country, and
as they exist with our armies. All those matters
are known alike to all, and I am not going to make
them a subject of argument here; but from such
suggestions as have been made from the War De-
partment my own judgment is entirely satisfied,
and so was that o£ the committee, that it would
not be wise and discreet, and that there was no
necessity at this time to impose this limitation. I
am very happy to find the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance takes the view he does of it. I
believe he has all the information which I have
upon the subject, and on that matter, as I under-
stand, there is no difference of opinion between
us. I think it would be well to omit this limita-
tion in this bill.
The Military Committee were disposed to strike
out the whole of this amendment, but for myself,
I will say that I have no objection to a limitation
as to the number of general officers. The limita-
tion of the rank and file was the chief topic of dis-
cussion among us. I have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
if it were limited not by an arbitrary number. I
think it would be better to limit the number of
majorgeneralsand brigadier generals by the num-
ber of divisions and brigades m the service. If
there are more brigades and divisions than the
number of generals given in his amendment, there
is a necessity for more of these officers; if less, so
many as he names are not wanted. The number
of brigades and of divisions that we have in the
field requires these officers, and it is usual to allow
them. The Senator from Maine suggests that
a major general commands more than three bri-
gades. There may be sometimes half a dozen
brigades in a division, or perhaps a larger num-
ber. Then let the number be decided by the di-
visions without describing their size. Each divis-
ion ought to have a major general. There should
be some mode of designating the number, and I
think it would be better to have them designated
by reference to the number of regiments, brigades,
or divisions, rather than by an arbitrary number.
I make the suggestion to the Senator from New
Hampshire, who moved this amendment.
Mr. HALE. The amendment as I have moved
it, will make the proposition of the committee
read thus:
Provided, That the President shall not be authorized to
appoint more than forty major generals, nor more than two
hunched bngadier generals, and all acts and parts ot acts
authorizing a greater number of major and brigadier gen-
erals than are above provided for, are hereby repealed.
That leaves out the limitation as to the number
of the rank and file. I should be willing to fix
the number of general officers with relation to the
number of brigades and divisions if I knew ex-
actly how to do it; but we are acting entirely in
the dark. In a communication which we have
received from the Secretary of War, he says that
one hundred and eighty-live brigadiergeneralsare
all he wants. He gives us that in figures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He says that is ail that
is authorized by the law as it stands, and the
additional number to bring it up to two hundred
was intended to provide for emergencies. As to
major generals, I think we have not got thirty at
the present time. I think these facts show they
are not needed in that proportion, and there ought
to be some limitation.
Mr. HALE. I think so too; at any rate, we
shall meet pretty soon again,and if this limit
should be found to be inconvenient and impracti-
cable, the Secretary could tell us so next Decem-
ber, and we could then alter it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I entirely agree with the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that the
Committee on Military Affairs more appropriately
has charge of limiting the number of troops to be
called for, and the number of generals to be ap-
pointed; but I was very glad indeed to see this
amendment in the bill, and I regret that it is to
be stricken out. I regret that the Committee on
Military Affairs should desiie to strike it out, and
I regret, too, that when this question comes up
there is brought into the discussion the question
of confidence, or want of confidence, in the Ad-
ministration. That embarrasses very much the
action of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let not the Senator mis-
understand anything that I said upon that sub-
ject. That was not brought into the discussion.
I simply said with regard to the Committee on
Finance and myself that we had proposed what
was unusual in striking down the appropriations,
not to make the appropriations for the whole
year, but for only part of the year; and in order
that that might not be misunderstood, I wanted
to say that they did not make that proposition
from a want of confidence in the Administration,
but on general principles. That is the only way
which it was brought into consideration. It was
lest I might be misunderstood, or the Committee
on Finance might be misunderstood.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i had no particular allu-
sion to the Senator from Maine, but in the discus-
sion by different Senators the question of confi-
dence m the Administration or the Secretary of
War had been spoken of. It was the other day
in another discussion. The Senator from Con-
necticut brought it in then. Congress has a duty
to discharge, and it embarrasses members of Con-
gress if they are to look in their action to the ques-
tion of what the Administration may think about
it, one way or another. The power to raise and
support armies is unquestionably in the Congress
of the United States. Thnt is a duty incumbent
upon us. The Constitution has placed it there,
