1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 16, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
medical estimates for the army.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting estimates of the Surgeon General of the med-
icai and hospital department of the regular Army
for the year commencing July 1,1862, and ending
June 30, 1863, inadvertently omitted to be sent
with the other estimates of the Department; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
ball's bluff disaster.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
another communication from the Secretary of
War, acknowledging the receipt of the resolution
of the House of Representatives calling for certain
information with respect to the disastrous move-
ment of our troops at Ball's Bluff, and transmit-
ting a report of the Adjutant General of the United
States Army, showing that compliance with the
resolution at this time would be, in the opinion
of the General-in-Chief, injurious to the public
service; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
treason of army officers.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
another communication from the Secretary of
War, in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, of the 4th instant, asking what
measures have been, or ought to be, taken to ex-
pose and punish such officers now on parole as
were guilty of treason or cowardice in surrender-
ing Port Fillmore, in New Mexico, to an inferior
force of Texans, and transmitting a report of the
Adjatant General, which, with General Order No.
102, furnishes all the information on that subject
in possession of the Department; which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
branch mint in colorado.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
memorial from the Legislature of the Territory of
Colorado, relative to the establishment of a branch
mint in that Territory; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
registered seamen.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House a
report from the Secretary of State, transmitting
an abstract of returns showing the number of re-
gistered seamen in the ports of the United States
for the year ending 30th September, 1661; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. CONWAY. I ask the consent of the
House to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can onlypro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. CONWAY. I find in the Daily Globe of
Friday last an account of the proceedings which
took place upon this floor the preceding day upon
the various resolutions which were then under
consideration. I send the paper to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have read what I have indicated.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr For1 nr. Mr. Speaker, T was not in the Hall when
the gentleman ironi Kansas commenced his? speech, lain i
mloimed by ltnjnd< aiound me heiethathr enumerated the I
disa^tt-is w hit h havo. hoiallon the Army sineo the war In1- I
can, ami that, m that enumeiation, he alluded to the battle 1
of Belmont. J wi>h to a-k the gentleman if ho made Mich .
a statement here upon iln> fiuoi a-> that the battle of Bel- !
mont was a doieat to mir Aimy? ;
''Mr.Coxwvy, i ilul. -iii. j
'•Mi. Fopke. I would ask the gentleman upon what j
authoiify he inadetli.it statement? |
Mi (.\)N\v.vy, I made it upon the authority of the
new.<papei?.
*• Mr. Haiiding.
out ol my time.
'• The Vpe vkfr. It mu-t come out of the gentleman's
time, unh'-^ bv unanimous consent.
''Mr. Fouke. T a-k (he indulgence of the gentleman
fiom Kentucky loi a lew momenH.
"Mi. H-vitDiNTr. I must respectfully decline to yield
itnthei.
" Mi. Foukf. I wish to set matter light. It if piopoi
that I should do so. It i- hut justice to those biave soldiers
who U'ii upon that noble battle-field, which was a victory,
1 must object to this, it it i> to come
tiiat this falsehood should be nailed to the counter. I claim
it as a light. It will take me but a moment to make my
statement."
Mr. CONWAY. I desire to say that I did not
hear distinctly here the offensive remark con-
tained in that account at the time it was uttered,
but that my attention was immediately called to it
by a friend at my side. I desire now to repeat
the question I then put to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, whether he intended to make his charge of
falsehood personally applicable to me ?
Mr. FOUKE. Mr. Speaker, I rose the other
day, after having been informed of the statement
made by the gentleman from Kansas, for the pur-
pose of making a cool and deliberate statement in
regard to the battle of Belmont. I had never heard
of any paragraph or article m any newspaper de-
nominating that battle as a defeat. I had heard,
however, that the Chicago Tribune, published on
the 8th of November, I think, enumerated that
among the disasters that had befallen our Army.
But the editor of that paper, as I understand, sub-
sequently corrected the misstatement made by him
on the 8th.
I will now avail myself of the opportunity to
make a statement in regard to the battle of Bel-
mont; and I will leave it to the gentleman to say
whether the remarks that I made ate personal to
himself or not. I wish to do this kindly and de-
liberately, and then leave it to every impartial
mind, here or elsewhere, who loves his country
and the glory of his country's arms, to say whether
I was justified in the remark I made on Thursday
or not.
On the morning of the 7th we landed on the
shores of Missouri with the meager force of three
thousand men. A little upwards of five compa-
nies of that force did not participate in the engage-
ment. We encountered the enemy and were under
fire five hours before we captured Belmont. We
took their cannon at the point of the bayonet. We
tumbled one or two of their batteries into the river
and brought the others back with us into camp.
We took their horses and their guns, and we took
some two hundred prisoners. In the morning,
when the battle began in front of their camp, Gen-
eral Cheatham was sent with an additional^ force
across the river, who all day reconnoitered in the
rear. After we had accomplished the victory, and
had takenBelmont,scoutscamein and informed us
that a large force had got between us and our boats.
We then charged back upon this force, and our
gallant troops cut their way through them to the
boats. The last battle cost us many gallant lives.
Three of my own bravestand most gallant officers
fell on the field. The enemy were dispersed and
retreated. Our troops then left them and returned
to the boats unmolested. We arrived there and
took on board the cannon which we brought with
us when we went into the battle. We also took
on board the cannon which we captured at Bel-
mont. We took on board also the horses we had
captuied in that battle. When we had embarked
and were ready to move, the enemy rallied and
opened fire upon us, doing no damage whatever.
Their fire was returned from the boats. After the
capture of Belmont, and all the time while we were
there, we were exposed to a heavy fire from Co-
lumbus, occupying a strong natural position upon
a bluff immediately opposite. Belmont is situated
on a bottom on the Missouri side of the river, and
it was not designed that our forces should hold
the place. All we designed to accomplish was ac-
complished. And, Ieavmgmyself out of the ques- j
tion,I assert that it was accomplished with as i
much bravery and gallantry as was ever displayed
on any battle-field.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the statement I designed
to make on Thursday if the opportunity had been
afforded me. I did not intend then to say more i
than I now say. I thought it was unkind, and ,
still think it was unkind, in the gentleman from j
Kansas to persist ingoing on with a charge based, j
as he sit} s, upon a newspaper report. If he loved
his country, if he had pride in the achievements of
our arms, he would not have hesitated to have
thrown away his whole speech for the gratifica-
tion of having established the falsification of such
a chaige as this to his satisfaction, and to the sat-
isfaction of every Union-loving man.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] also j
icfused to give me the floor. I made the state- ;
mont that the charge was false, and I will permit j
the gentleman to make the application to himself \
if he sees proper. He is the only judge in the
matter. For one, when I look back upon that
bloody battle-field, and remember the comrades
who fell at my side—some of them at my feet;
when I remember those who have survived,4k)d
are now ready to again meet the enemy at any
day and any 6our,I could not return to camp and
look those gallant soldiers in the face, and say
that I sat in my seat and allowed such a charge to
go uncontradicted.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman made his charge on
the foundation of newspaper report. I denounce
that report as false, and if the gentleman is as
magnanimous towards our soldiers as he would
seem to desire us to be on other occasions, let him
take this explanation and make his own applica-
tion.
Mr. CONWAY. I have, Mr. Speaker, given
the gentleman every opportunity to do himself
justice in this matter. He has refused to avail
himself of my generosity.
I propose, therefore, to submit this question to
the candid judgment of the House and the coun-
try, whether such conductas his in this case does
not clearly betray a deliberate purpose to bring on
a personal collision between himself and me with-
out cause; and whether this is not conduct unbe-
coming a gentleman or member of this House,
and worthy only of a blackguard and a scoundrel.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order. This is not the place to indulge in any
such language.
The SPEAKER. No further debate is in order
Mr. FOUKE. One word.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FOUKE. I shall not make any debate,
but I will say ["Order!" "Order!"] that the
member from Kansas ["Order!"] has proved
himself to be ["Order!" "Order!"] a disgrace
to his State, a disgrace to his station, a disgrace to
humanity itself, and unworthy of the association
of gentlemen. [Shouts of " Order!" "Order!"]
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will proceed to
call the States for the introduction of bills for ref-
erence only.
agricultural college lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, introduced a bill
donating public lands to the several States and
j Territories which may provide colleges for the
i benefit of agriculture or the mechanic arts; which
| was rend a first and second time, referred to the
i Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
' printed.
rebel pensioners.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to strike from the pen-
sion roll the names of such persons as have taken
up arms against the Government, or who have in
any manner encouraged the rebels; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the unanimous consent to
put that bill on its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; ami being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsidcr be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ytest point cadets.
Mr. ALLEN, leave being granted, introduced
a bill to legulate the admission of cadets at the
Military Academy at West Point; which was read
a first and second time, by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House, namely:
A bill (No. 82) further to promote the efficiency
of the Navy; and
A bill (No. 83) relative to courts-martial in the
Army.
