100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
UNITKD STATES ARMORY AT CHICAGO.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask leave to present a peti-
tion. .
TfoeSPEAKER. That is not now in order; and
petitions and memorials can be referred under
the rules. Nothing is now in order except the call
of States for bills and joint resolutions on leave.
Mr. ARNOLD. I am aware that petitions can-
not be presented in open House, but I have one
here of more than usual importance.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask unanimous consent to
present it. It is a petition of eighteen thousand
citizens of the State of Illinois for the establish-
ment of a national armory and foundery at Chi-
cago, in that State.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object, and insist
on the regular order of business.
Mr. ARNOLD. Then I will present it under
the rules.
UNION PRISONERS.
Mr. GRANGER, leave being granted, intro-
duced a hill for the relief of the Union soldiers
now held as prisoners at Richmond, Virginia, and
elsewhere in the rebel States; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Aftaiis.
Mr. GRANGER. I will, with the consent of
the House, make a brief statement in reference to
the hill winch I have just introduced.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let me make a short
explanation. 1 hope the House will hear me.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We will get along
fastest by adhering to the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will not be a minute.
I desire to make a very brief statement.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The bill has been
referred to the Committee on Militai y Affairs, and
is therefore disposed of for the present.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Michigan ought to be heard, in justice to the suf-
fering Union soldiers now confined at Richmond,
Virginij. He has a letter from one of them, which
it is important we should hear.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To-morrow morn-
ing the Committee on Military Affairs can report
that this is asubject which ought to be considered
immediately. It ought to be examined, and put
in a shape which is just and proper.
Mr. WASHRUR&E. Does the gentleman re-
fuse to hear the statement of a prisoner at Rich-
mond on the subject?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not refuse to
hear the statement of any prisoner. I wanted like
supplications and statements heard and acted on
mouths ago, as they ought to have been. I do
not object, but I do not wish too much time occu-
pied by matters clearly out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desnc to state tlmt 1
have seen a letter which the gentleman from Mich-
igan has-received from one of the Union prisoners
n't Richmond, Virginia, upon which he lias founded
the bill he has justintroduced. The lotterisfrom
a very intelligent gentleman, and 1 deem it due
from the Representatives of the people that that
letter should be read in this Hall. I hope that
there will be no objection to its being read by the
Clerk.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let it be referred
■with tin-hill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mi. GRANGER. There being no objection,
I will send the letter to the Clerk to be read. I
only ask him to omit the name of the writer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to hear the letter
read.
The Clevk read, as follows:
Richmond, Virginia, December 4, 1861.
1)emi Sir: I take the liberty o! addiesstn<jyou—the Rep-
resentative of the first eon ie^MOnal dhuict—in behalf of
eeventy tu o son* of Michigan, forty ot whom arc fiom \ our
immediate district, fourteen hailim? ftom \our own county
of Wa-iuermvv ; they are widely di-persed. a portion beniii
in Charleston, and others in Richmond, Columbia, New
Oilcan*. and Tuscaloosa, and some will in a few da>«. be
scut to Salisbury. Noith Carolina. They are a portion of
1 hi ee thousand lo\ al citizens ot the United States now held
a- |>n*om'i«i or' war. 3Io-t of them have been in clo-se con-
finement under verv unfavorable eiicum^tanees over four
months. I im<?ht picture to you their present condition,
but deem it unnceessaiy. You can readily con-.-eivo bow-
men taken—gencially without mone>—•With clothing on-
ginnllv of poor quaiitv, having aheadv hud. tinee months'
seivice in the Held, will naturally appear aftei tour months
more have passed, m mo^t case* without a change of any
gaunent. Can \ou believe they aie in a condition to
stand the changes, of even a southern climate ? Wo know
they arc not, and unless something is done for their lelief,
their decimatud ianks ne.\t spung will tell a featf'ui tale. I
have jusf njad a note fiom an educated young man of a
northern eitywho left actuation a?, bank elei k and enlisted
a? a piivate'to serve his counny. lie was wounded and
taken prisoner at Manukas. He* says: "I have no shirt or
socks, and suffer much from cold and clamp, and at every
breath it seems as it a knife weie plunged into me ; I can-
not stand it much longer." Thi- is but one case of many
that f might cite had 1 lime. I have seen sights that made
my heart bleed. I am convinced that many are now *us-
tained only by the hope that it will not much longer con-
tinue thus, and that a speedy exchange will ie&tore them to
their families and friends, from whence, after a lestoiatiou
to health, they may return to the service of their country.
It is said '• hope deterred maketh the soul sick." Let it be
understood there is to be no exchange, and many would
welcome death.
Now let me ask, is all this necessary ? The question
naturally arises with us. has riot as much been conceded
aheady as would be in afull exchange of prisoners? Flags
ol truce are of almost daily occutrence; prisoners have been
taken in arms against the Government, with stipulations,
smcc honestly earned out,thatthey would be received and
treated as prisoners of var; paroles have been iccognized
at our capital, and fifty-seven of our pi isoners returned to
their homes and friends, by oidcr ot General MeClcllan;
prisoneis have been exchanged, with all the usual lbrmal-
tties, on the Mississippi, and naval ofheersare even now on
their way home, in exchange tor an equal number sent here
by our Government, or its agents. Of course, in our isolated
position, we cannot know all the different aspects m which
the question will pr-sent itself; we can only judge of acts
that come under our observation, and leason that the same
rule that will exchange one will exchange an aimy. I ad-
mit we are anxious on the subject, and we have eaiwe to be.
Humanity prompts and justice demands it. I believe I speak
the sentiments of all here when i say we do not wKh to
embairass the action of our Government in the least, but
we cannot understand how a full exchange will do more
injury than acts already done. We believe belligerents can
be lecogmzed without involving independence. Surely the
war cannot continue for yews, or even months, longer,
without this question becoming so important that it mu-t
he met, and an exchange effected; then why delay what
must inevilally be ? We enlisted to so teoui eountiy, and,
it necessary, die for it, but we u ould piefer a diffetcut death
than tiie one awaiting us here. I cannot -ay all J would,
lbi obvious icanons ; but 1 can sav we aie suffering from
neglect, --o much so that it is the subject of new.-papei paia-
graphs heie and elsewhere. It makes my face burn to read
them, and ilunk that over foui months have passed, and
nothing done lor oui iclief.
We have frequently heard that clothing was to be sent
to us; but winter has come and no clothing, hut sickness
ha". It has been said that the contederates sent the most
destitute to the fai South, from motives of humanity. Ilow-
evei that may he, 1 saw «ome go without shuts, and many
without shoes or *ock<, and even some with drawers and
no pants. I am sony to say thi<, and pej haps my doing so
will pieveut this reaching jou; but T tru-t it will not. f
may be tieading on lotbidden giound, but will sa\ that!
believe thi" would not be if clothing could be obtained heie;
it could not, in sufficient quantity. Souihein troops are
clothed by contributions from home, of home-made cloth.
Those that have means to purchase, can find hunted quan-
tities, at extravagantly high puces—beyoml the means of
most of us Clothing can lie sent safely . The Massachu-
setts men, having b"en heie but about six weeks have
already been supplied with full outfits from their ft iendsat
home. Cannot Govei ument send as well they ? The con-
fedeiates have recently fumi-hed quilts as substitutes for
blankets, winch could not be obtained, and straw sacks,
which is Mime unpiovement; but we still need blankets
: and elOthmg, especially pant-*, shirts, draweis, socks, and
shoes,
T am sorrv to tiouble you with this matter ; but thinking
youi position would enable you to do much, J venture to do
so. if we aie to remain here, and Government does not
speedily provide for our wants, will you please call the at-
tention of such citizens of Michigan as may be in Wash-
ington to this mattes ? i knowthat an appeal to the people
j of our State would be pioinptly met; and Ifeelassuied that
! our necessities would have been attended to ere this, had it
been known that it was lequired, and could be done. What
is done should be at once.
Very respeerfullv yours. * ' * *
lion. b. F. Granger.
Should theic be any peisons in Washington fiom Ypsi-
lanti, please show them tjiis letter
I indole a slip cut fiom tins morning's paper:
•• suffering. —1The Yankee pti-onets ol war in this city
are besmminc to feel the want of piopcr clothing. Con-
gressman Elv has very genetously offered, we learn, to ex-
pend .$5,000 of his pnvate means, which aie quite ample,
in older to purchase them neees-aiy clothing; but his fel-
i tow-pi isoneis decline to permit him to do that which their
j Government should, long since, have recognized as a huid-
| nig duty."
! Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that that
j letter be refeired to the Committee on Military
| Affairs. 1 desire to say that 1 consider it a wise,
i sensible, and judicious letter; but that when some
months ago I advocated the same views that are
■ contained in it in icgard to the exchange of pris-
' oners and other belligerent acts and rights, I was
j denounced as a "tiaitoiv5 I am happy now
i to obsoivc th > progress of public, opinion and
j conviction already, though but "short time be
; passed."
i The question was taken, and the motion was
i agreed to.
j Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make astate-
i ment in vindication of the Government.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order un-
| less by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make a state-
ment in vindication oftheGovernment on this sub-
ject. I was in the quartermaster's department,
transacting business with it, when I was told by
the Quartermaster General that he had sent one
thousand full suits of clothing to Richmond for
the Union soldiers imprisoned there.
Mr. ALDRICH. Let me correct the gentle-
man. I was present when thatconversation took
place, and he stated that he had sent South, for
the Union soldiers,two thousand fullsuitsofcloth-
mg, underclothes, stockings, &c.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 thank the gentleman
for his correction. I have made tins statement
with a view that the world might not suppose
that the Government was negligent of its duty to
the Union soldiers who were prisoners with the
rebels.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Exceptin the mat-
ter of exchange.
Mr. D1VEN. In this connection, Mr. Speaker,
I wish the Clerk to read a short extract from a
letter of the brother of Captain Ricketts, who is
a prisoner in the hands of the enemy.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Do let me hear from you at once', as from last accounts
my poor brother was a great sufferer, and the surgeon
I feared a decline, without change of air and scene, as he has
been already leduced to death's door by Ins wound*. The
attentions of my sisterto the siek and wounded of our Army
now in the hospital at Richmond, where she has been able
to attend to many of their little wants, and soothe many a
broken spirit sep'aiated from family and home, mi^ht have
some little effect upon the Government to look favurably
on this individual case."
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. GRANGER, leave being granted, intro-
i duced a bill supplementary to v< An act requiring
i an oath of allegiance and to support the Consti-
tution of the United States to be administered to
certain persons in the civil service of tin* United
States," approved August 6, 1861; which was
read a first and second time by us title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DACOTA IIALF-BREED3.
Mr. ALDRICH, leave being granted, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of certain half-bieeds or
: mixed bloods of the Dacota or Sioux nation of
Indians and their grantees; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REPAIR OF NEW MEXICAN MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. WATTS, leave being granted, introduced
a biil for the improvement and repair of the mili-
tary road through the Raton Mountains, between
Fort Wise, in the Territory of Coloiado, and
Fort Union, in the Tenitory of New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
| VOLUNTEER COMPANIES OF NEW MEXICO.
| Mr. WATTS, leave being granted,aiso intro-
i duced a bill to provide for the payment of certain
| volunteer companies in the service of the United
| States in the war with Mexico, and in the sup-
pression of Indian disturbances in New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time by its
tufa, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
' BRANCH MINT AT NEVADA.
|j Mr. CRADLEBAUGH, leave beinS granted, '
i, introduced a bill to establish a branch mint in the
Territory of Nevada; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAY.
m Mr. TRAIN, leave being granted, Introduced
I a bill incorporating the Washington and G<-oii?e-
' town Railway Company; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
! Committee for the District of Columbia.
CLERK TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. HICKMAN offered the following rcsolu-
]; tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
]'■ Resulred, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
!, {honzed to employ a cleik lor said committee during the
]; present se-^ion otihe Thirty-Seventh Confess, at the usual
(' compensation of four dollais per diem tor the time actually
h employed.
